5	My friend and I stumbled into Red Bird as we reluctantly joined a group of co-workers to our local "Bertos" taco shop.  I guess my initial short review is that his place has "substance over form".  The lady behind the counter was extremely nice and she convinced us that they had the best burger in town.  For background, we've seen four different Burger joints come to our neighborhood, claim they had the best burger in town, only to pack up and move on 8 months later.  One of them was run by an Indian guy; I thought cows were sacred!Anyway, we took her up on the challenge and ordered the burgers and I have say, in the immortal words of Samuel L. Jackson (Jules Winnfield)   "that IS a tasty burger".  Good quality meat, nice bread and the amazing part .. fresh condiments.  Anyone in AZ knows that tomatoes suck here but for some reason my slice was excellent, a rare treat in this arid environment.Also, the fries were really well done.  So as our buddies at "Bertos" strolled over and saw how good our food was we agreed to come back soon because the best feature about this place (in my opinion) is that they'll serve you anything on the breakfast menu .. for lunch.So if you want a nice, clean, unassuming place to get a quick, relatively inexpensive breakfast or lunch, this is your place.
5	We live around the corner from the Red Bird Cafe and would probably eat there every day...if we could avoid hitting 400lbs. Everything we've tried on the menu is amazing! Breakfast and lunch are delicious, with daily specials. The bacon blue cheese burger is to die for! A family from Wisconsin owns and operates the restaurant--and they're always nice. You always leave satisfied!
4	Yea what they said.......My wife was out of town last week so on sunday I decided to take myself out for breakfast I like to try new breakfast spots so this place got great reviews so I gave it a whirl this place is not fancy but has a little avangard feel to it I had the corned beef hash lot's of cb 2 poached eggs perfectly done w/a little holindise sauce on top great service .....just a laidback comfy place to have breakfast on a sunday morning......so good I told my wife about this place so she said I have to take her this morning.............looking forward to breakfast
3	I decided to try this place for a good hangover breakfast today. The place is very small and there was no wait. The server looked a little greasy but was very nice. I ordered the biscuits and gravy with sausage and hash-browns. The gravy is fantastic! The hash-browns tasted burnt, but didn't look like it....weird. The sausage link was awful!! I'm not sure what the problem was but it just did not taste good. My friend had the corned beef hash. It was very good. I will be back to try lunch, without hash-browns and sausage.
1	I really hate giving places 1 star reviews, but in this case, it was very well deserved.  We came here around 10 or so and the place was pretty much full, and by full, I mean all 10 or so of their tables were occupied.  Fortunately, there were tables outside, so we grabbed one despite the clouds looming overhead.  We sat there for a little while and enjoyed the cooler weather and perused the menus.  I was immediately turned off after noticing that almost everything on the menu contains onions.  Of course you can just ask for them to be removed, but for many people, they simply won't order something because of that.  We sat there for a while and the waitress finally came back to take our drink order, but specifically said we couldn't order our meal yet.  WTF, we're ready, and this is already taking long enough.  When she comes back out, entirely too much later, I ordered the starter which is two eggs, toast, and hashbrowns.  Once our order was put in, we didn't see the waitress for another 30 minutes.  This is unacceptable for breakfast.  I was watching the window like a hawk and noticing the awfully slow rate at which food was going out to tables who were there well before we were.  The clouds decided to have some fun with us and began raining.  It got progressively worse until two of the outside tables went inside and stood, waiting for their food.  You'd think they would maybe expedite the food or something.  We stuck it out for about 5 more minutes and then gave up, realizing our food was never coming out.  We paid for the chocolate milk, and left.  The sad thing was, they didn't even do anything to rectify the situation.This place is an absolute joke.  If you cannot handle the business you are receiving with the staff you have on hand, you need to hire more.  Not only that, but they need better servers.  The couldn't care less attitude of this place is pathetic.  I don't blame them one bit for the raining, and I certainly don't blame them one bit for being busy.  I do blame them for being careless and quite frankly, terrible at their jobs.I kid you not, we went next door to the Filiberto's and got breakfast in less time than it took for us to even get our drinks.  Avoid Red Bird Cafe at all costs!
1	I'm not going to take the time to re-write the same story as Bri D. but I will add this -If you can't manage to get food in front of someone 40 minutes after they order it, you should not be in the restaurant business.  It is breakfast.  It should take 10 minutes, TOPS!  I could have waited for a table at The Good Egg, been seated, and served in less time than it took for me to finally give up on this crap-tastic joke of a cafe.No thanks.
5	We have been coming here for a very long time and we have never been disappointed.  Food is great and the atmostphere is very comfortable and relaxing.  Breakfast and lunch items at anytime made the way you want them, various homemade soups, and the cookies and muffins are wonderful. Great foods takes a little time so just go, relax and enjoy.  You can thank me later.  Don, Vickie, & Andrew...
5	Best breakfast joint in the area.  High quality food, generous portions, and always attentive service.
5	I eat here on a regular basis and LOVE IT!I order the ruben sandwich every time!
5	Great food, service and prices!
1	my wife and i had been going to the "bird" 2-3 times a week since the second week that they opened.  good basic food.  then they sold out to a group of investors.  we tried it three other times and the quality has really gone down hill.   the quality is just not there.  why would anyone buy a sucessful business and then change?  it seems that since there are multipule owners things are changing.  they are going on the "cheap", cutting corners where ever they can.  too bad.  after nearly 2 years we will not be back...
5	"The best kept secret in Gilbert" the sign says out front.  We stumbled into this place when eating at a nearby competitor recently and tried it out next time we were in the area.  We've now been twice, and it's been a great meal and experience both times.  OUTSTANDING omelet, great wheat toast (yes, there is such a thing as lousy toast, and this ain't it), good potatoes, and great, friendly service.  Comfortable seating, temperature just right, fair prices.  They've pretty much got it all nailed.  Weekend mornings don't seem too busy, which is a nice change from some of the popular joints were you have to wait - no waiting here so far and probably is never a problem from what I can tell.  Give this place a try, they're worthy of your business - and I'm confident you'll be glad you did.  RBC earns the highly-coveted 5-star rating on the Brak-o-Meter.
1	We started going to the "BIRD" as we call it starting the second week that it first opened. As time went on they just kept getting better and better. We would go sometimes 2-4 time a week. Then they changed owners, but wanting to give the new owners a chance we went a few more times. In our opinion it went down the flusher. They starting changing certain items trying to go on the cheap. Too bad. Why people buy a successful business then change things I don't know. The killer for us was on our 4th retry the bacon was no longer nice full pieces, they were shriveled up tiny pieces that would fit inside a teaspoon spoon. We said that's enough. Too bad. Several other friends that we had recommended to go there in the beginning has also quit going due to their changes. DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME !!!DON, VICKIE, & ANDREW
5	Usually nice and quiet.  Friendly staff.  Food is priced exactly right.
4	I have a love-hate relationships with Red Bird Cafe. Brak and I keep returning (including this morning), and I like it enough to really hope they are successful. But they have some rough edges.The service is typically good. There was a new waitress today (Brak: "Uh, oh."), but she was just fine. Everyone who has served us there has been friendly and attentive.There are about eight tables inside and four or five outside. It's a simple diner: clean, airy, and generally quiet (though the TV sometimes blares).The food is good, for what it is. I no longer eat meat or eggs, so the menu is a challenge. The breakfast potatoes are excellent, with the potatoes in bite-sized cubes and fried with green pepper and onions. When I did have omelets there (veggie ones), they were light,  perfectly cooked, and not too cheesy. Today I ordered a side of fruit and got fresh watermelon, cantaloupe (in the rind), and a little bit of fresh strawberry, all of which were good.I had pancakes in my three previous visits, with a side of berries. The strawberries are fresh, but the blueberries were previously frozen and pretty gross. The pancakes themselves are excellent but plate sized (you order how many you want). Unfortunately, twice I have gotten pancakes with some green pepper and onion attached (a la the potatoes), which was an unwelcome surprised.I really wish they had some healthy options on their menu. I probably wouldn't eat yogurt either, but how hard is it to have oatmeal? I wrote an email to the owner two weeks ago using the address on the site and asking for oatmeal and telling him about the problem pancakes. He didn't even respond to me (jerk).If you're looking for a very healthy breakfast, this isn't the place. But if you want a regular eggs and bacon style breakfast, this would be a good choice.
4	This place is so good it doesn't need my review to help it out, but maybe I can clear up some confusion you'll see if you read all the other reviews.A new owner took over the place around April of 2011. He had been General Manager at a Mimi's Cafe and had worked there seven years, but had always wanted to have his own place. Mimi's typically does good work, so surviving seven years there is graduate school level training. He clearly knows both front of the house (FOH) and back of the house (BOH) in the biz, and he clearly cares about doing a good job. More on that below.Anyway, reviews coming up on this April -- say February and March of 2011 -- are likely to reflect an exiting owner who may have let things slide a bit knowing he was a short-timer.So how do I know the new guy cares? My wife and I just bought a house about a mile from Red Bird. The realtor we bought from took me there for lunch, and although it was our waitresses second day and she didn't know the menu items personally, she did a fine job and had been pretty well trained already. The food was excellent and plentiful, and the price was more than fair.A couple of weeks later (about ten days ago) I played golf super early, got done about 9 a.m., and called my wife to ask her to walk to the Red Bird and meet me for breakfast, which she did.The menu described the pancakes as "crispy on the outside and light and fluffy on the inside." When our waiter came I asked him if he wrote that copy, and he said he did. Turns out he was the new owner, which is where I learned what I reported above. In both fun and seriousness I said, "let's see," and he answered in kind that the pressure was on!The pancakes rose to the occasion and were part of an excellent breakfast, including homemade sausage patties (spicy) and a very nice cup of coffee. My wife's french toast was also terrific, but her egg dish (scrambled) was only very good. The potatoes were marvelous.This is a down-home cafe with friendly service and wonderful food. It is not fine dining, but the dining there (open until 2 p.m.) is just fine.
