4	I was so very skeptical. Magic Wok took over the worn and drab Wong's Garden. Wong's Garden once was a great place to eat.  For the last few years, the food was awful. I was so excited to read that the business had been sold and the restaurant would serve Chinese food. The restaurant seemed brighter and cleaner. Maybe it was a fresh coat of paint but whatever they did, it sure helped.Good Chinese food is a very personal matter and can span a variety of presentations. I love the old school Chinese, moo-shu, mapo, kung pao, if the food is cooked well. Dishes should have loads of veggies that still have some crunch and sauce with plenty of flavor. I also love the more authentic Chinese food that you find at Ichiban on Park St.  Magic Wok was the former; egg rolls, won-ton soup, lo mein and plenty more.I visited Magic Wok with two of my neighbors. One is amazingly picky. We all put the owner through her paces, asking a million questions and making special requests. Thank goodness it wasn't busy. She was patient, informative and friendly. Her husband was in the back doing the cooking and he did a damn good jobI had the orange tofu. The tofu was lightly fried, crispy on the outside soft in the center. It came with broccoli (still crunchy) and a lovely orange sauce.  It was really good. We also ordered the Stir Fried Pan Fried Egg Noodles with Chicken. The noodles were super crispy topped with chicken and loads of veggies and a full-flavored brown sauce. Over time those crispy noodles soaked up that yummy sauce. We wished the dish came with a little more sauce. Finally, we also ate the Kung Pao Chicken. The chicken was plentiful as were the veggies. The peanuts added some crunch and salt to this spicy dish. It too was a hit.I love my neighborhood, replete with good food. I am a fan of Ha Long Bay and Wah-Kee but I am happy to have a good Chinese restaurant right within my reach. I wish them the best and encourage them to keep up the good work. I shall return.
5	Heard about Magic Wok opening on Atwood so my husband and I decided to give them a try.  We were pleasantly surprised.  We started with Wonton Soup and Eggrolls.  The soup was delicious and there was plenty for both of us and enough for a couple of bowls at home.  The eggrolls were crispy and very flavorful.  Enjoyed it a lot.  I had the Orange Chicken, but was skeptical because it's usually a hot and spicy dish, but they told me they would do it without the heat.  It was amazing, perhaps the best Orange Chicken I've had anywhere.  The portions are large, so I brought enough home for four lunches.  My husband also thoroughly enjoyed his Lo Mein.  We can't wait to go back.
3	Snagged some takeout last week and was impressed enough to give it another try! The location seems doomed, for the year and a half I've lived in the neighborhood there's never anybody inside. Though the staff was a lot nicer than I recall when it was Wong's. Prices are a bit high in my opinion given that the quality of the food isn't great. But it's a nice alternative to China Wok on Fordem if you're looking for something fast to pick up.
4	Some fresh crunchy veggies added to the common fare made our dishes more enjoyable.  Fast takeout!
5	I love Chinese food. Well, I really love Egg Foo Young, and I order it nearly every time I eat Chinese. This was probably the best Egg Foo Young I've ever had. It was outstanding, and a huge portion. I will definitely be back.
5	Former Orient House team resurfaces at last! Atmosphere is under sparse, but that's good, because your food deserves your undivided attention. You should eat here right now. And come back often.
4	Bumping them up a star for seriously stellar take-out service. They're efficient, speedy (never more than 10 minutes during the week) and so darn lovely when I pop in for my pick-up. Food is piping...PIPING hot when I get it home, though my drive isn't too far. After having it several times I can highly recommend the crispy pan fried noodle with every protein imaginable, just ask that they don't fry the noodles to death. They sort of know me by noodle now, "Oh.... not so cripsy, yes, we have your order ready."
5	I was so skeptical of this place, honestly.  But after three very very tasty orders, I have to say that it's a great place.  The people behind the counter are great, the portions are very large, and, most importantly, the food is just good.My favorite so far is the house special fried rice.  A nice medium spice, lots of ingredients... I just can't stop eating it. When you call for pick up it's just.... "ten minutes!"
4	The takeout is ready very soon, just about ten minutes. The food is very good, the portions are large, and the prices are quite reasonable. Good vegetarian options as well.Edit: as I've explored the menu over multiple visits, I've founds lots of things I like but quite a few that I did not like. Good: eggrolls, crab rangoons, chow ho fun, lo mein, Szechuan style string beans (my favorite). General Tso's chicken. Not good: The sweet and sour chicken (bland, completely plain fried chicken served with that orange sauce on the side), hot and sour soup (I didn't like the flavor or texture).
5	Holy food goodness!! My friend and I have been on a mission to try all the Chinese restaurants in the Madison area, and this one was a PLEASANT surprise! The meat quality is very good, and the prices aren't bad at all! We were in food heaven! The wait staff is very friendly, the atmosphere is inviting, and we didn't feel awkward at all for being the only customers! We were actually surprised to be the only ones, considering how good it is. So everyone - go to Magic Wok, you won't be disappointed!PS - my fortune told me I'm alluring, so they really treat you topnotch here. They feed you up, get you a little fatter, and still boost your confidence. I'm in love.
4	Tried a few other Chinese take out places before I tried this one.  Make this place your first try,  think you'll be glad you did.  The food was fresh and the portions were huge.  The vegetables were steamed well and the chicken was great!  Egg rolls were good too!  I think they are made with rice paper,  not the wonton wraps.
5	Confession: I am most likely to seek out Chinese food when I'm sick, or feel sickness coming on. So today was the perfect day to try a new place.I was the only customer at 3:45 pm, and was warmly welcomed. I ordered at the counter, but decided to eat in. I used the restroom (basic but clean, with really nice smelling hand soap) and my food was ready when I came out, moments later. I was invited/instructed to take a seat at a table in the raised front window area, which was perfect.I first noticed that the hot and sour soup (my cure-all) was served in a real Pyrex/glass bowl, not plastic. Yes!!! It was piping hot and full of very silky strips of tofu, homemade? Not a lot of mushrooms, and light on the vinegar flavor, but full of egg shreds, julienned carrots and plenty of heat from spices. They don't have shrimp or pork egg rolls, only chicken or plain veggie. I got one order of each and they were done perfectly, not greasy, with a nice crunch. I would describe the flavors of everything as comfort food. Nothing too original or interesting, but very enjoyable and soothing. I preferred the veggie roll to the chicken, just my personal preference. The next table's food smelled heavenly when it arrived, I'll get a meal next time I come.It was plenty warm enough inside on a gray cold day, with a dimly pleasant lighting level and nondescript instrumental background music at a comfortable volume. The interior is basic diner, with a few Chinese items thrown in so you know where you are. A huge red statue of Buddha at the entry is a fun touch. Random, but I really liked the front door. It's clearly original to this historic Atwood building, antique with the patina of age and so many thousands of hands opening it over the years...The waitress checked in unobtrusively to see if everything was OK at the right time, and it was. My dishes were removed promptly and politely as I finished with them. Six bucks and change before tip, and I left full, warmed, and feeling better. Can't ask for much more.
5	I have been searching for good Chinese food in Madison for years.  The other places have been meh.  I am so glad a friend recommended Magic Wok.  The prices are extremely reasonable and the quality of food is great!  The food is always fresh and never tastes like it was just reheated.  The soup is spicy and the egg rolls are my absolutely favorite thing.  I always order an extra one.  The staff is extremely courteous and service has never been slow.  Keep in mind I do come here atleast once a week so if the service was bad I would have experienced it by now.  I love this place and i love that it is never crowded.  My single complaint would be that now that the weather is colder the restaurant is cold as well.  I would love for them to turn up the heat...otherwise...this place rocks!!
5	Authentic Chinese cuisine. Recommend large bowl noodle  soups. Garlic eggplant excellent. Fast service.
