1	Might be Ok as a daycare, but DEFINITELY NOT for kindergarten. Yes, it's clean, yes the main teacher is caring, BUT..............Teachers are forced to deal with behaviorally challenged children with no real forms of discipline at their disposal, making it virtually impossible for them to teach. Even the WORST children are allowed to remain in the class, with no fear of expulsion until they actually hurt someone, which unfortunately my son was a victim of. In this case, the boy in question had ALREADY been kicked out of another school, and had been causing problems and disrupting the class for 3 months, but STILL was allowed to stay. It wasn't until my son was actually punched in the face that they finally expelled this boy. Because the teacher's are forced to deal on an ongoing basis with 3 or 4 behaviorally challenged children in the classroom, they are left with virtually no time to give individualized attention to the other 20 or so kids in the class. They are FAR behind where the other private schools are at this point in the year (I'm having to hire a tutor to bring him up enough to put him in another private school). I've personally witnessed other children being taunted, mimicked, made fun of, bullied, screaming, crying, and completely out of control while in the classroom. (Miss Kay, the main teacher was NOT present during incidences, it was "assistants") I complained MULTIPLE times to the school regarding disciplinary, behavioral, and learning issues in the class and NOTHING gets done. Honestly, your kids are better off in a public school than here.
5	As a parent I value a school that puts my child's education first. SpringStone Montessori School not only ensures that my child is being taught through the Montessori philosophy, but also makes sure they are getting the appropriate attention each one deserves.My four year old daughter is doing very well in her class. Her teachers and the staff are all very friendly. I feel very comfortable with my daughter attending this school and look forward to the rest of the exciting things happening this year.
5	My daughter has been going to Springstone Montessori for the past three years and the education that she gets from the school is every thing that  I had hoped for. My daughter looks forward to going to school every day and telling me what she learns.   The teaching  staff and the administration staff  at the school are all  top notch and I could not think of a better place to have my child educated at. She made many new friend and has learned how to respect others. She is about to start kindergardern and i can't think of a better place for her to to be.So thank you Springstone Montessori School
5	My wife is a teacher and moved to a school near Springstone Montessori School.  We were excited to hear she would be so close to Springstone Montessori as it really didn't work logistically before.  My daughter is 3 years old and absolutely loves it at Springstone.  Elementary school is a lot different that it was when I was a kid.  Springstone does a great job preparing kids for the future.  The staff has always been very friendly.  The building is always clean.  The teachers are great too.  The Montessori also offers events outside of the Montessori so parents can meet too.  I like to ask my daughter how her day was.  She does a variety of activities.  My wife being a teacher knows how valuable the Montessori philosophy prepares children to do great in the future.  If you have children and are thinking of place that is going to offer more than just child care then Springstone Montessori is you choice.  Go take a tour and meet the wonderful staff.  Cheers!
1	Seemed like a great school at first. Very clean. Then once you attend you see their true colors. Staff that are qualified quit constantly due to admin. Unqualified teachers remain. The lunch is not as nutritious as they claim. Not real Montessori. The rooms are crammed with students although they claim low ratio which is s lie. Other private schools do not have ratios as high as theirs. They let children with behavior issues rule their classrooms. I found out my child was bitten by another child who had already bitten numerous times. This child also screams and destroys the classroom. They claim to want to help the child but with what I pay in tuition my child's safety should be considered. This "school" is a daycare at best. Admin wants you in for your money and thats it. I would never recommend to anyone who wants a nurturing school.
5	If you want your child to have a great learning experience from Springstone Montessori then invest your own time with the teachers and curriculum.  Take your time dropping off/picking up your child and talk with the teachers and get to know them.  Springstone has parent/teacher conferences twice a year b/c they want parents involved with their child's learning environment.  They are great people that care about every child every day.  If you're kid gets bit (which mine has) then ask what happened and what is being done to prevent it from happening again.  Kids will be kids and these teachers will do their best to prevent the fights.  Don't expect them to be perfect.  Teachers have bad days like the rest of us. Don't expect any child to go to Harvard b/c they attend a specific school.  Do expect to invest more time teaching your child than any school teacher during a 40 hour week.  A very safe environment with creative activities (especially during the 100+ degree heat when children do not go outside).
5	We recently moved to Las Vegas from the Seattle area, where our daughter was already attending a Montessori school. We hoped to keep her with that curriculum, but the "sister" school that we transferred her to didn't offer that. After a few months, we knew we needed to get her back to the Montessori environment - and we found Springstone. THANK GOODNESS. Instead of running to the door, ready to go home, she wants to stay with her friends and teachers and continue learning. She loves her class and we, as parents, LOVE the peace of mind we have knowing she is in good hands. We appreciate the staff who treat us as family when we walk in rather than just a tuition check. Everyone knows us and makes us feel welcome every day. I can't wait for the upcoming family events to get to know other parents. This school is really an extension of our own family. I highly recommend Springstone (and HAVE) to anyone with young ones looking for a great start to their children's academic growth.
3	The school is very clean and I liked that they have their own chef in school to prepare meals.
1	Really disappointed in this program.  I had high expectations for the school but I was turned off before it was even my child's first day.  I registered my child and about a week before he was scheduled to start I took my extended family in for a tour.  The women in the front didn't even acknowledge us and finally, once I said something, they told us to just go stand at a window.  They did not offer to let us observe a classroom or ask questions.  I will add that I had already paid the deposit a few weeks prior.  After the visit, I ignored the treatment and emailed the director to ask a few questions and get a copy Of a lesson plan. She responded saying that she would get back to me and that the teacher was still working on it (2 days before a new month) and never did....then on the date that my son was scheduled to start, they didn't even call me to see where he was.I really got the sense that this is a money-driven school with teachers that seemed very cold and dispassionate about their craft.  Also, I prefer to go with an American Montessori Society accredited program.  The true, traditional Montessori is what is a time-tested program. I'm very glad I went for a second visit that day.
