4	Greetings fellow yelpers! If you happen to find yourself strolling in Montreal, QC and get a little chilly, stop in at M Cafe and get a hot beverage and some macaroons! Now...don't think American macaroons...dense, sweet, coconut delights that they are...think MACAROONS...colorful, light, sweet, melt in your mouth confections! I got a box of 12 of these delightful things...think cross between a cookie, meringue and top notch dessert rolled into one delectable bite sized treat. I tasted the hazelnut, caramel, mango, strawberry, blueberry and coffee, but there were countless others such as chocolate cranberry, pistachio, chocolate, lime, chocolate orange, as well as some others that I can't recall. They are a little on the pricey side ($22 Canadian dollars per dozen), but well worth it for a birthday, party, or just to treat yourself. These were too great of a find to not share, and I'm surprised that I was the first to tell you about them, but hopefully you'll head out there to try them!!! Enjoy =)
2	We stopped in here for lunch on a long weekend trip to Montreal.  The food was pretty good,--I had a tuna salad sandwich, and my wife had a smoked turkey baguette.  On the other hand, the service was rather slow, and the price (about $30 for the two of us, with just the sandwiches and one Coke Diete) seemed pretty steep, especially compared to some of the other deals that we got in Montreal (better food, lower price at both Buvette Chez Simone and le Cartet).  It was a perfectly fine lunch spot, but not worth making a trip for, and nowhere near the best available that we experienced in our short time in the city.
4	The perfect place to stop for a meal in between shopping, exploring and partying.This may not be the most exciting or culinarily adventurous place in Montreal, but it's not supposed to be. This is an excellent place to stop in for soup, a sandwich, french fries, coffee or dessert. Much more relaxing than fast food and the service is very friendly. In the grand tradition of European-style cafes, the service is not hurried, but that's the whole point.
4	Wow, what a great restaurant. It's actually not just a bakery, it's a restaurant, too. - The menu has tons of options for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. I really wanted to try the breakfast items, but because I ended up going in the afternoon, I had lunch instead. The servers were great, all very friendly and efficient. My food came pretty past, which was another plus, but it also wasn't busy at the hour I came. I order grilled chicken with steamed veggies and fries, and oh my goodness that was the best-tasting grilled chicken I've had in ages.The drinks are somewhat expensive, so I wouldn't get anything unless I'm really thirsty.If I ever come back to downtown Montreal again, I'll definitely be back.
3	A trendy spot (and aims to be).Atmosphere: The M-Cafe is located on the corner of Maisonneuve and Rue de La Montagne, this area of Montreal has fast become the local of upwardly mobile locals as well as very well to do foreigners.  As such, the M-Cafe was recently (circa 2008/2009) revamped to appeal as a more refined cafe.  Cosy and well furnished,  M-Cafe is a good place to spend brunch or a quite afternoon / early evening, before a crowd starts to form around mid to late evening (6-8pm).  Outside seating is available in the summer time - but being located on a motor-vehicle busy corner of Maisonneuve makes the experience a little less then ideal.  Not always a bad option - but beware of traffic. Service:  For a place that aspires to the professional and sophisticated crowed, the service has to live up to.  My overall experience (over several visits) has not been positive, as I found the staff lacking in attentiveness (incorrect orders) to being slightly indifferent and bordering on rude.  At other times, I found the service simply ok.Food:  Nothing distinguishing here.  The main culinary attraction at M-Cafe is there relatively plentiful breakfast / brunch menu.  Many selections of eggs, omelettes, pancakes / crepes, and Benedict's are on offer and this selection is complimented with offers of side orders, and salads.  The dinner section of the menu is a little litter with classics such as steak and pasta dishes offered.  M-Cafe also has a nice selection of sandwiches on offer for a mid-day snack.  For the price though, none of the times on hand scream value.  Lastly, and perhaps the ultimate reason to visit the M-Cafe is their deserts.  From Macrons to crepes, and selection of cakes - these are what makes spending some time at the M-Cafe worth wile.Overpriced, but trying to live up to the price tag ~ worth a visit.
3	I'm a fan of M Cafe. I come here for any occasion - breakfast, lunch, dinner, dessert, or drinks... you name it, I'm down. The servers are friendly and the menu has a lot to offer. First and foremost, they have a delicious selection of sandwiches, salads, and daily soups. I recommend "La Bergere" for some goat cheese, dried fruit and pecans over a light green salad or "Le Medi-Medi" for a perfectly grilled salmon filet that melts in your mouth over a fennel salad. Also, I love their chicken wrap, it's really good and they pack it well, so you really feel like you're eating a chicken wrap, and not a wrap with chicken! If you ever get a chance to try their roasted red pepper soup or their carrot soup, you will not be disappointed! For the cherry on top... They bake some fantastic cakes and sell the most teasing, mouth-watering macarons that come from La Maison du Macaron! Seriously, sometimes I just come here for red wine and macarons. It doesn't get any better than that! My favourite macs include Pistachio, Blueberry, Caramel & Sea Salt, Chocolate & Walnut.My only complaint is that their breakfast is decent, sometimes it seems a little dry and their potatoes aren't the best... I've had better.  Also, their servers can be slow at times and forgetful. Everything else that I've mentioned keeps me coming back for more though!
4	A cute cafe with indoor and outdoor seating.  Good coffee and macarons!  They also serve salad, sandwiches and other light bites during the day.  It was the Canadian Grand Prix and French music festival weekend, and a few protesters marching around followed by almost equal number of policemen, amidst all the actions and commotions we walked by this place hoping to get a table and expecting slow and sloppy services, surprisingly, got a table after a short wait and both of the servers who helped us were attentive and efficient.  Macaron shells are crunchy and airy, we tasted a few flavours -- salted caramel, mojito, orange chocolate, apple cinnamon, hazelnut -- the filling is a little on the sweet side but there is plenty of flavour to shine through so they didn't taste empty-sugary.  This is a great place to stop by for coffee, desserts, and a light meal and relax if you are in the area.
3	While Crescent area can be cringe-worthy, I had a lovely mello time here indoors with the graceful and charming Rawan K, and then outdoors wondering about the women of Wanda's (strip club upstairs) with a brat pack of hawt Yelpers on the sidewalk tables. The macarons were light and lovely (especially the chocolate and coffee ones, yum) and they did in fact pair well with wine and whiskey.  The sandwich I ordered was just okay, and when it was taken away to be doggy-bagged up it never returned. Also: slow jazz. You always lose one star for slow jazz. That's the rule. ;)
2	The only negative dining experience I had in Montreal. The lady behind the counter was super friendly but our server was disinterested and defensive. The food, which was already made (just pasteries, cake) took 30 minutes, and we wound up being late for our flight. No, we probably shouldn't have gone here right before our flight, but who would have thought it would take so long to bring me a piece of cake I literally pointed at?More over, when we politely asked to have it to go because of the flight, she was really rude.Oh, and they also have frappe's on the menu but not available for order...what's that about. She just said they didn't have a blender. I guess that may be, but then why have them on the menu? Or perhaps she just didn't want to make them? The world may never know...
3	I was lured in by the Macaroons and was not disappointed.
4	I asked a local where to hit up brunch in this hood and he directed me here. A little French bistro with a great menu filled with salads, sandwiches, egg and crepe options, this little place was packed on a Monday afternoon.I went with the sandwich and soup combo for $12. The chicken club and a cup of creamy tomato (though as the waiter mentioned, the soup was not too creamy, just a hint). The sandwich was large with delicious crunchy bread and what tasted to be a homemade garlic aioli. I loved it. The chicken was sliced thinly so you could actually get your mouth around the sammy (we are clearly not in Jersey anymore). The soup was perfect with chunks of vegetables; I couldn't have asked for a better lunch. It was large but not too big where I felt like death after. Service was amicable if not a wee but unprofessional, food was more than agreeable. I would definitely recommend this place if you are in the neighborhood and need a nice little lunch spot.
5	Great place, reasonable prices, great food. I especially love the grilled chicken breast. It's always cooked perfectly (charred but juicy), I always substitute the french fries for extra vegies and take a greek salad to start. Can't be beat! My fish eating friends also love the calamari and the salmon.
1	Horrible and waste of time and money.We ordered breakfast and 10 minutes later the coffee arrived.  When the breakfast arrived in a further 15 minutes my plate was dropped on the table, throwing half the dry unseasoned potatoes on the table. The eggs were overcooked and unseasoned, the one slice of toast (everywhere I've ever been serves two slices...) was unbuttered and on the side the butter served was hard, cold, and unusable, the beans were congealed, and the fruit sad and boring.My friends meal was worse.Avoid at all costs.
2	M cafe was a welcome stop after climbing the mountain, clean and with a diverse menu, but the service was poor, Only two servers who also had to bus tables. We had to ask for refills on the water while the servers were chatting away with each other. My dinner of salmon was delicious but beware of the sandwiches. They are pre made and had obviously been waiting all day for a taker and served on a plate looking very sad and lonely, quite disappointing in relation to the excellent presentation of the special.
3	Apparently, M is for "Meh...". The service and the quality is mediocre at best. You're going to wait.  Two tables that came in after us wer served before us and simply ordered sandwiches that were pre made.  I ordered a cheese plate  and it consisted of cold Brie, yellow American cheese and some other cheese, I think Edam for $16 I would have expected better. There are much better places on the street for the same price so feel free to walk past this one.
5	Great spot for brunch ( large portions and fresh dishes) quaint spot and nicely decorated along with friendly staff.  Was here several times over the holiday season and even tried the macarons which were perfect ( unlike some places where they were hard or stale). Fave macaron flavour was the apple cinnamon, highly recommend for brunch or even just coffee and dessert in the evenings.  Atmosphere is very romantic
3	I came here for the macarons. I ordered a coffee and 4 macarons. I wasn't impressed with them at all. They were just dry and brittle like they've been there for a few days. I can't review the rest of the menu for the restaurant as I didn't have a meal there. the music from the place up stairs can be heard from where I was sitting. I might go again to eat a meal but i will never order macarons there again.
3	An OK place to get a quick snack, it wasn't too expensive like other places. It's at a good corner for business, close to the hotel we stayed. The food came out from the far side of the place, I think it's somehow linked with a bar or restaurant next/above it and may be sharing the same kitchen. I guess someone out there will confirm that for me. Worth going to when in a rush to go somewhere and you need a quick breakfast.
4	Most likely one of my favourite brunch / late night restaurants... I come here very often , and I wouldn't judge this restaurant based on review from years ago. As a matter of fact, the service has always been excellent and if there is any problems, I'm sure the management can accommodate any of one's needs.As for the food, I've never really disappointed.I'm a huge brunch freaks along with my girlfriend in which everything we have taken so far has been tasty and done correctly. Presentation is always on point. Maybe one or two cons for brunch at M cafe is the potatoes are not always on too , but you can ask for their crazy fries instead :) . their Benedict eggs is also a downsize it's not the best in town , but you can expect a decent taste -- the eggs will be done perfectly. Now the dinners , these are epics ;) LARGE PORTIONS / great desserts and wine selections ? Who would say no to that ? And this is not all, because they serve until around 1 am!! I love their burgers and their chicken plate , portions are large and will fill your tummy up. Following your meal , you can opt for their desserts which range from macaroons to cheesecakes , I highly recommend the raspberry cheesecakes if you share some love for sweets.Overall, come to m cafe regardless if it's for a brunch , meal or coffee because this place rocks the world.Note that in summer it can get pretty hectic and busy , especially if you wanna get a drink outside on their "terasse".
3	This place is okay. I've been a few times. They make decent sandwiches and salads. I've been for a late lunch/glass of wine many times. It's nothing special, but given the area it is one of the more reasonably priced places for a relaxed clean lunch downtown. But that said it's still a little pricey.
1	Came here for lunch and waiter was extremely rude. While I was ordering he just walked away. It was a hot day and he never offered us water and didn't even  come over to take a drink order. When we paid our bills he was hovering over us demanding a certain amount of money for a tip. He stood there and waited until we paid him. My friend was counting out money and he just reached into her pile of change and took money out for his tip! The food was good but the rude service made sure I will never go back here.
5	Great place - from the excellent food to the service, M Cafe was just fantastic.  Had planned to try a few different places for brunch, but our group kept coming back to M Cafe for the omelets, croissants (can't miss - hazelnut & chocolate), macaroons (about 6-8 flavors, chocolate, vanilla and sea salt caramel were just delicious).The macadamia flavored coffee was both different and soooo good, and the Caprese panino was a favorite among our group!Thanks!
5	See my check in for this place. Good place nearby everything down town. Seem family run. Service for pride.
3	What I had:La TomattaSummary:Food-excellentService-goodAmbience and decor-goodWent there for breakfast. Were seated right away. The waiter was polite and helpful.We ordered our food it came out rather quickly and was delicious. Their house potatoes were flavorful and done perfectly.The servers were very helpful and polite. My only complaint with them was that they seemed to be arguing about tips and that threw me off a little, I was in a bad mood so that could be it too.Overall for sure will go back.
2	I thought about giving this place a second chance so I went for the second time, the desserts are okay, its not the best I had but the macarons are good. Now my biggest disappointment is their drinks, they have around 4-5 flavoured coffees/cappuccino/latte whatever it is...DO NOT ORDER ANY KIND OF DRINKS IT IS ABSOLUTELY DISGUSTING!! Its cold and tastes super sweet like half the cup is made out of syrup!!When we finished the guy asked us if it was all good, we said the latte wasn't good, and he said "yeah I know Im sorry the machine is not working well..." WTH and then he tells this other guy, don't take latte orders! LIKE SERIOUSLY? Why did u let us order this if the "machine" was wrong?? On top of that, he made us pay 5$ even thought the "machine" was defective and he knew it was tasteless!!
