4	Since I started going to Carol at age 13, I have never found anyone that I like as much as her (although Beth is great too) to wax my eyebrows. I live in San Francisco now, and I want to cry every time I walk out of a new salon 30 dollars poorer, and two eyebrows uglier. I am not a huge fan of the haircuts here, though my mom swore by Sinai. For my 28 inch hair, 80 bucks for a trim that no one can notice in modest Madison just makes no sense. I have to say though, the new location while being nicer and offering them much needed space, is really out of the way. I found myself not going there my last years in WI just because I couldn't take the time or I couldn't find a ride from campus that far out. Also, I'm just curious, has anyone ever seen Ruth at the salon?
5	I love RZ & Company. My hair stylist Kristin always does a wonderful job. I enjoy going in because it's a beautiful salon that is always clean and the employees are always smiling.
5	Audrey is the best hair stylist I have ever had. She listens, makes a plan and executes. I told her i wanted something different, edgy, with movement. She checked in on how edgy I meant and started cutting hair. She was fast and accurate. Also she is not extremely chatty, friendly and warm but not overly talkative. My hair has never looked or felt as good since. I cannot say enough good things about her.
5	I love RZ & Company. As soon as I walk in the door I know I will be taken great care of. My husband and I have been here for couples massages which were wonderful and I am now going here for my hair. Becca does an amazing job! The prices are good, location is easy to get to and plenty of parking. I will be back to see Becca for my next cut and color!
3	Booked a makeup and hairstylist for myself and my bridal party, which were great! My only complaint was the rude receptionist. I had arrived RIGHT on time for my "practice" sessions and the receptionist was rude about my untimely arrival, not considering that my appointment time had actually been pushed earlier (at my stylists' request) with less than 5 hours notice. She was also rude during my initial booking process-- I was returning a call to the salon, and the receptionist refused to connect me because I hadn't remembered the stylists' name who had called me, saying "there's over 20 stylists here, how am I supposed to know who called you?" Great personal skills!  ...almost didn't book this place from the receptionists' attitude alone, which is unfortunate because my actual service was fine.
5	I recently moved to the Las Vegas area and wanted to let everyone know.. there's no place like RZ out here, and I miss it!I stumbled upon RZ a few years back when I was looking for a salon that did hair extensions, not many do, but I was going around comparing the kind and prices.. this is the place to go! The price was the best I had found for the area and the quality extension (hair dreams) is the best you can get. Becca did my hair cuts and extensions, I know she's not there anymore, but I'm sure whoever is there now, does a great job too. My extensions were super quality, and lasted longer than they were supposed to, as long as I still went in to get a trim, I had no issues.I started to get pedicures done here as well, which was how I met Sheena. She had an opening later that day, and I badly needed a pedi. Sheena did a fantastic job, and I was going to see her about 2 years after that. Sheena was always friendly, talkative, positive, and upbeat, I always loved coming in so we could catch up on our t.v. show gossip. She was helpful too, there were a few times where I had recently had the nails done and the color would completely come off on one nail, I'd call her up and she'd fix it.. no charge.I love the prices there too, other people say the pedicure is pricey here, but the quality of what you get is worth it. Their version of a classic pedicure is other salon's versions of the upscale one. (in my opinion) You get a salt scrub soak, and nice warm towels wrapped around your feet. And I'm glad to get my nails done by people that I can understand, and I trust that everything is properly clean! Anyway, it's a non-tipping salon so the prices can be slightly higher than at other salons, but it makes up for it by what you'd pay for the tip. I love that there's no obligation on what to tip, and then you feel like your service is based on what you tipped last time (good or bad), that's always awkward! There's no pressure though, and everyone is always friendly and helpful.I'm so sad though, because moving out to Vegas, there's nothing like back home. I've been to many different salons, had 3 bad sets of hair extensions put in (lost out on A LOT of money because of it) and I haven't found a good nail salon either. Honestly, there's so many "cheap" salons here, and they are always tipping ones as well, so then you get that pressure of you thinking you gave them a good tip, but maybe they think you didn't.I'm really debating about finding a cheap plane ticket just so I can go back to RZ, and finally have my hair and nails done right!
5	So. in. love.I can't even begin to describe how much I love this place.  I love it more than a panda bear holding chocolate and doing ballet (or something else awesome).They've thought of every detail to make you comfortable.  The interior design is amazing.  It's spacious, but well laid out so the flow is wonderful between stations.  They do everything from hair to massages to manicures, so it was nice that everything blended well together.You can sip on coffee or tea if you need to wait.  EVERYONE is friendly.  The towel they wrap around your neck is warmed. Come on.  I came for a hair color appointment.  You have a consultation and then go over prices.  So nice, that way you aren't shocked when you get to the register.  I loved how my stylist (Deanne) was a total expert.  She knew exactly what to do and we got the perfect results.  She was efficient and super fun to be with.  Not only did Deanne know what she was doing, but you could tell she loved her job.  "We have a few minutes, can I curl your hair?"  Just for fun!  It was so wonderful.This will definitely be my beauty spot for sure.
1	I have been going to RZ Salon for a decade. I pay the high prices because when Amy wants to she can really give a great cut. IT IS hit or miss though. I often feel I should apologize to Amy for just being there. Today I could not take her attitude any more. I felt talking to her briefly about how to cut my hair was impossible. She was rude and dismissed  me. She started cutting my hair though we were at odds with what she was going to do. I had to leave. If you want to pay $70 for a haircut I'd suggest going someplace that will be nice too. Amy's shampoo is nothing special either.
1	You still act as if feeling dissatisfied is some kind of disease. The arrogance is amazing. Not a word of apology. I came back to Amy because I have a loyalty streak and most of the time I liked her hair cuts. I am just saying that Amy did nothing to make the experience of getting my hair cut relaxing or comforting in any way that day. I had experienced this from her on a few too many occasions.  Do you all know the meaning of being nice? Loyalty obviously means nothing to RZ and Reena, believe me, I have no intention of returning.
5	I've tried out several places for eyebrow waxing ever since my mother kindly pointed out that I might need the help of a professional, and this is by far my favorite.  Waxing is done in one of the serene little massage rooms, and is relaxing as getting your body hair ripped out can possibly be.  Staff is friendly, rooms are clean, and there is always a bowl full of Jolly Ranchers on the front desk to look forward to.  Brow waxing runs about $20, and is well worth it.  I usually see Alyssa, but I've gone to two of the other girls and have been happy with everyone.
1	I have been a long time customer of RZ, even from the Midvale days.  The color and cut as well as other services, mani pedi, massage, facial, waxing, and others, were well done and exactly what I wanted. My stylist left and they RANDOMLY assigned another stylist to me WITHOUT ANY COMMUNICATION!  They texted me to confirm my upcoming appointment with the different person and did not think to use that same number to actually talk to me about this change beforehand.  With about a month to tell me of my stylist's leaving before my appointment, it could have been handled better.
4	I'm more of a fan for cutting and styling my own hair. My boyfriend has been here a few times though. They always give him the best cut. I hate when he goes to the cheaper places. I forget who his regular person is, but she's such a doll! All the staff are friendly and I love the look of the place. My boyfriend has gotten a few walk-ins, but usually he has to make an appointment. I just wish it were cheaper!
5	Don't let the location (a strip mall on the west side) fool you- once inside you'll forget all about the exterior. From the softly lit and peaceful shampoo area where you'll receive the best shampooing of your life to the bright and airy work area, it's clear that RZ has considered every little detail and designed the space with the comfort of their client in mind.I made an appointment with Sheena after asking a coworker who came in with a stunning new 'do where she went. I'm relatively new in town and was quite unhappy with my last cut/color at another local salon. Sheena listened to me and offered great suggestions to fix my current mess while quelling my fears. She gave me a great cut that really suits me and I've made an appointment to go back for an all-over color in a few weeks. So glad I found this place!
