5	called them late in the day .. they got us a car when we needed it .. reasonable rate , and gabby was just the best driver weve ever had ! he was very informative and lots of fun ! was a great ride !  thanks gabby  !!
5	I've booked many transfers with LVL over the past couple of years. I continue to do it because I trust them. They've never let me down as many other limousine companies in the past have. I would recommend them.
1	The worst of the worst, did not keep their booking prepaid for a stretch limo.Terrible customer service by management as they never call you back when a problem arises.Ruined our wedding.
1	I contacted Las Vegas Limousine over a month before my arriving in Las Vegas to setup a Stretched SUV limo to transport 9 full sized adults from Monte Carlo to Freemont. It was my buddy's bachelor party and I was on a tight schedule and needed things to go smoothly. My single request was completely screwed up by LVL. They sent a stretched sedan limo instead of the SUV. As a result, all of us were extremely cramped for the duration of he ride. Furthermore, the driver did not follow my direction to take Las Vegas Blvd instead of he highway to get to Freemont St since he claimed that he didn't have enough time. However, it would have only taken 25-30 min to drive the boulevard instead if the highway. We still had 20 min remaining on our hour when we were dropped off at Fremont. To add insult to injury, tip was already included in the price, so if you're unhappy with the service. You're tipping what hey tell you to tip. Next time Presidential gets my business.
1	As many others have said, this company operates under a bunch of different names in Las Vegas. The parent company apparently is Frias Transportation and claims to be the biggest taxi company in Vegas...continue reading to see what good that does them. And so that you don't accidentally do business with them their other aliases are Ace Cab, ANLV Cab, Union Cab, Vegas Western Cab and Virgin Valley CabSo, I needed a pickup from the Spring Valley Hospital emergency room at 11 a.m. on a Saturday morning in October 2012 (this wasn't after some ridiculous bar crawl at 2 a.m.) , and 30 minutes _after_ the 30-minute window (An hour after I called) I had no cab, no courtesy call, no update whatsoever.When I called, that 60 minutes later, to check on things the response was "Umm....oh. We haven't been able to send anyone out to you yet."Needless to say I wasn't going to keep trying to rely on them, so I called Desert Cab, who I am happy to report, is not associated with this outfit, and picked me up in 15 minutes.
1	Garbage company.  Took a town car from the airport to our hotel, set up the return trip with the driver.  His name was Ashley Silver, and he never reserved the return trip.  Called the company to confirm last night and they knew nothing about us.  So we set up a car for this morning at 6am, and when it was almost too late to get another service we get an email saying there was no car available.  DO NOT use this lousy company or you will likely end up stuck somewhere.
5	Used Las Vegas Limousines for our daughters wedding Aug. 10th.The kids had never been in a Limo before and they called this morning raving about the driver Frank and the great time they had.He drove them around town and up the strip before taking to their new home.Frank was right on time to pick them up and making the kids happy is what it was all about.  Could not ask for anything better!We will be using them again for future events.
5	Used this service over fight weekend, they were right out of the Southwest door at the Las Vegas airport.  Guy who helped me was busy but very friendly, and my driver was professional and let me stop to buy beer prior to getting to my hotel.  Would use them again!
1	garbage company.  Even though a cab from the airport to our hotel is only 10 bucks, i decided to suprise my wife with a limo to pick us up.  the driver was no where to be found when we were at the baggagte claim.  surprised ruined, because I had to explain to my wife why we were just standing there.  proceeded to wander baggage claim looking for our driver.  I caught a glimpse of my wifes name on a drivers' sign.  WE CHASED him down.  he had the sign face down.  When I asked him whose name he was holding. he was like "thats you?"  rolled his eyes and said let's go.  not another word was spoken.  very lousy.  go elsewhere.  even the curbside limo service is better!
4	The first time I came to Vegas was a scheduled mini reunion with 6 or 8 good old high school friends & decided that since we were all not going "home" to our country of origin (Philippines) for the reunion , might as well meet up somewhere here in the US...and what would be a fun city to go to ...Vegas!!! of course & discovered that most expensive strip in the world,I was excited for one & 2 my cousin will be picking me up.. so there was no problem...but this time, nobody is picking me up...my cousin went home for vacation so I am pretty much on my own...as soon as I claimed my luggage I walked out of Southwest to hail a cab & this Limousine was just outside the gates...They were very polite & took me to my hotel. I also talked to them about picking me up at a certain time when I was ready to go home, in 4 days & they were there on time...in an unholy hour...3:00 am to bring me back to the airport...Great service guys....I still have your card so the next time I'll fly into Vegas...you'll certainly hear from me...Good Service!!!
2	Flight was delayed, had prepaid reservation thru carmel in NYC via Las Vegas limo. And they had our flight info on our reservation. Had to call when we got to baggage claim, driver was not there but said he would arrive in 7 minutes at zero level. Asked the airport staff where zero level was, said we were there. Still no driver. Called them again, told them we were in terminal three. They told us to go to zero level again. Asked airport staff where we were and they said terminal three and terminal one is where ground zero. Called them back and told them to cancel our reservation or come to terminal three and pick us up. They agreed to send the driver to terminal three. Finally he showed up. We had asked the Las Vegas limo staff where are car was and they tried telling us our reservation meant nothing. Ignored them and then finally out car came.
2	Was just dropped off at Bellagio.  Realized left phone In car.  Called the company and driver says it's not in there.  Called within 5 minutes of being dropped off. Will update this post if it is found otherwise I am skeptical that it still isn't in the car  Sentimental pics on phone too
5	Great service to and from the airport. Will use for future visits.  We used both the stretch limo and the SUV. VIP service is great with a large party.  Timely, friendly and helpful drivers.
5	Everything was done wonderfully from beginning to end. Arranging the service was convenient and the driver came promptly. Excellent service all the way around. An absolute referral for future customers!
5	LVL picked us up at the hotel to go to the Grand Canyon Helicopter tour. They were there on time, earlier even. The limo was new, has chilled water, the chauffeur was very attentive and responsible driver. I highly recommend it.
1	The worst place to rent a limo. I made a reservation 3 days before my wedding then the have the balls to call me in the middle of my wedding demanding more money from me. Are you serious? I made a reservation 3 days before my wedding and you find the mistake an hour before I'm scheduled to get picked up? Never again.
