4	If you like thrift shopping, this is a good place to head to.  You'll most likely always find something good, although it may take a fair amount of digging.  The Saver's up the street has everything laid out in colour order - not so with this Goodwill.  It's a free-for-all, every-man-for-himself type thing.  Sometimes you can find some good deals on new items from department stores that are sent there as surplus.  They also run specials almost every day, so make sure you find out what special is going on.The wall in the back of 'gifts' and miscellany is absolutely hilarious.  Just go check it out, you'll see what I mean.
2	I hate leaving a "meh" kind of review for an organization that does a lot of goodwill and charity, but Goodwill thrift stores are not on my shopping radar at all. I feel like their prices are overpriced and their merchandise is poorly organized. I'll donate items to Goodwill because I know they're doing good somewhere, but I won't shop there. I recommend Savers, Opportunity Village and the Charleston Outlet thrift stores instead.
3	I used to like this store but in recent years, the prices have gone up significantly (the same shirt at Savers would be half their price). This store gets Target donations so items may be in a box, but it's all banged up (that's just on the outside, so it's cosmetic)- but exercise caution, ask if you can inspect it before paying for it. Since I prefer Savers, I can say that the organization is not the greatest here. So, I really haven't gone here to shop anymore because the last few visits have been unsuccessful. I guess I would only go here if I was already in the area, but wouldn't make it a point to go there specifically.
4	My previous review was written over a year ago, and Goodwill has shown some major improvements since then. In fact, I have now re-added Goodwill back to my shopping radar, having purchased a vintage floral dress from the W. Cheyenne location for a mere $3. My favorite Goodwill locations are the S. Eastern and the Sahara at Torrey Pines locations. The organization and merchandising has gotten so much better and I am now a fan.
4	This place is the largest Goodwill I know of in the Valley, and god help you if you show up on 99 cent Mondays (where you will face stiff competition against any and everyone there early!)  Still plenty of stock to look through and see!
4	Another attempt in finding items to turn into a costume was going south because the size range is more plentiful for medium and up. Smalls are virtually nonexistent in the thrift world. I was about to leave when it dawned on me. If you cannot find something that will fit in men's, it is worth a try to get a larger size in women's. JACKPOT! I found many pieces that were ostentatious and showy. The prices are so inexpensive that it is difficult to pass up. Why spend a ridiculous amount of money on a cheap costume, when you can spend a little amount for an infinitely better end product. The aisles are small and I found myself pushed against the clothes as people try to pass, but everyone was courteous. The staff were immensely helpful. Thank you for not questioning me when I asked about where the women's blazers were. Thank you again for not shooting me dirty looks when I was trying them on. On Tuesdays, if you work in the service industry, you get 20% off. Just bring in your casino ID.
2	Maybe I came here on an off day. The selection wasn't as stellar as I thought it would be. I was looking for some new pots/pans, a slow cooker, and a white dress shirt (size small). There were hardly any pots and a few slow cookers with lids missing. As for the rest of the store, it was kind of a hot mess of unorganization. My friend said that this particular store has seen better days. I think I will try here another time, as I would like to give it a second chance.
4	Stopped by this location on a quick lunch break. This store is HUGE and the racks and shelves were crammed with stuff so my half hour of browsing didn't do it justice. I did walk out with two Tom Jones LPs for .49 cents each - a bargain for some good ToJo!I'd really like to visit again when I have more time.
2	My mom used to be a manager of a Goodwill in Missouri.  I have no problem with Goodwill.  I love thrift shopping... but...I actually found a turd in a handbag here.  No joke.  It scared me.  So minus three stars for the turd.  I mean, the turd aside, the store is a disorganized mess.... but I kinda expect that.  What I didn't expect was to find a turd in a nice handbag.  Worse still, it appeared to be a human turd of intimidating size.  Gross.
5	I am addicted to finding deals here. They have 25% off discounts for various reasons throughout the week, for example Wednesdays are for students and teachers, while on Fridays you can get a discount with a receipt from last week.  I have to admit, I envy seniors, who get 50% off on Wednesdays. Goodwill also has 50-75% off of random colors during the week.I have scored some amazing clothing finds here. I've gotten new and nearly new Banana Republic and Limited shirts here for $2.00 to $3.00 each after discount. I also found some rad 80's clothing (and a deliciously hideous 80's sweater) for a zombie costume. I've had to cut back on my book buying, as my bookshelves no longer contain my library. It's a combination of finding fantasy, technical and classic literature at Goodwill plus my penchant for keeping textbooks after a class is over instead of selling them back. This location usually has a good assortment, although as of late they have had more romance novels than anything else.The store can be a tad disorganized, but they usually have things in the right place according to size and style. The pricing seems somewhat arbitrary at times, as I've seen Old Navy shirts priced higher than Banana Republic shirts, both the same size and condition.All in all it's worth a trip, especially if you go make a point to go on a day when there is a discount!
4	I like this particular Goodwill as it is a large store with a lot of merchandise. While I have found some good furniture finds here, clothing is what takes up a majority of the floor space.That said, I have found some great designer clothing here. Some of this finds I have scored include Boss dress shirts, a vintage leather jacket, a DSQuared dress shirt, some Denim Lab jeans, Joe's Jeans and some Diesel sweaters. The clothes are well organized and the store for the most part is very clean. The prices are good and typical for a Goodwill. I always find it amusing how thrift stores will price high end designer stuff for so cheap like Gianfranco Ferre jeans for $6, then price Lucky Brand jeans at $20 (when it should be the other way around) but I guess I shouldn't complain.Sunday is a good day to shop here as a particular color tag will go 75% off. I recently found a like new Ambercrombie & Fitch sweater priced kinda high at $12.99 but I scored it on a Sunday for $3.25, now that is a deal!There are lots of vinyl records here with upright shelving so it is easy to look through them all. Also they have a great selection of books too.Overall a very good Goodwill. Right on Tropicana about 4 miles from the strip. If you are a tourist, it is an easy store to find. Two thumps up!
5	E eww  so gross! came here to get some cool new  threads, place is full of cloths but I think some of them cloths are used ewwwwwwwwwww.Lol great place!
3	This is a pretty basic Goodwill location. Not huge, not small. They have a good amount of inventory and plenty of staff to help if you have questions or need assistance.I haven't found much to buy on my visits here, but I see potential and will likely be back when I'm in the area again.
2	It's sad to say, but the place  smelled!  It was full of clothes and not the greatest trends of any era.  The personnel were totally awesome, and made the place personable.
1	Absolutely the most poorly organized store I have ever been to. Nothing is in any sort of order, no clothing sizes, even the books are arranged by cover type rather than even the basics such as fiction/nonfiction or anything that makes sense. I don't have all day to sort through this chaos. I have been to better arranged garage sales with better prices.
