5	What a great hike!  6 miles round trip through the wash of the McDowell Mountains.  What a beautiful time of year to be out there..with a rainy winter, the mountains are green as well as the landscape and wildflowers are blooming.  Hike to Talliesin Ridge for a great view of the valley.
5	This is a pretty good place to go for a hike in the valley. As opposed to the typical Camelback/Piestewa/South Mountain trails, there's little elevation change and the terrain isn't very challenging, but it's a nice trail to have a social walk with a friend and it's situated in such a way that for a good half-hour stretch, you couldn't tell that you're within an hour's drive of 4 million people. Bonus: the trail system and restrooms are probably the cleanest of any park in the metro Phx area. No broken glass to be found anywhere.
5	Hiked a few miles of this trail this morning. Enjoyed the hike and scenery. Not a strenuous hike, there's very little elevation change.The trailhead is easy to find, but the address on Yelp is misleading its actually at East Via Linda and N 124th St. Take 124th st north till it ends.
5	A wonderful trail for when you are in the mood for a more leisurely hike with views that are not too hard to work for. I can say that now that I am sitting in the lounge feet up while casually typing on the laptop : ) Seriously though it is an easier hike .... good for the kids and pets with some very nice sweeping views of McDowel Mountain Ranch. A wonderfully preserved trail with easy to follow directions. Don't forget the water and sunscreen!
5	How lucky us Phoenicians are to have a beautiful preserve so near civilization.  We went in late March and it was a great, leisurely hike.  As soon as you turn the first bend you really lose the city behind you and are in the desert.  Arizona's deserts are really something special, so alive.One note:  The little barbed suckers on the trail, they're all white and fall off of the cacti which line the path, are not good for humans or dogs.  Don't use your hand to pull them out.  We used an extra shirt and it took some time get them dislodged from the curious pup.
5	Great Trail! I love how you can do a full loop only backtracking for about 100 yards of the trail. The trail also offers connections to other more challenging hikes like Sunrise Peak, etc...Bring your dog as there will be several other adventure pups for him/her to meet. The best part of this trail is the wildlife. In the past three months alone I have seen several lizards, rabbits, chipmunks, coyotes, and two large deer. Oh - and I almost stepped on a very large rattlesnake so be careful during the summer.  My foot landed about 5 inches from the snakes head. Most of his body was in a bush, however the snake didn't seem to mind that I almost stepped on it. Apparently they don't bite unless you aggravate them.
5	Not as challenging but boy you don't have to go far to get away from it all. I went up to the Taliesian lookout, which has a good view of the valley, and back and around the lost dog trail and I saw 8 people the entire time. Great markers, signs and facility at the trailhead with water, map and bathrooms. Not super challenging but you are sure to see wildlife, I saw a snake, chipmunk and hawks. If you want some zen time to yourself, and not kill yourself hiking up a huge mountain definitely hit this trail.
4	Just got done hiking this bad boy a few hours ago. Let it be said that I am not in shape and am not a huge fan of the outdoors, but I really liked this hike. My boyfriend wanted to go hiking this morning so he left me to find somewhere to go and after some Yelping, decided on this trail. The weather was perfect, nice and sunny but not hot at all. It took us about an hour to reach the viewpoint, so about two hours roundtrip. We ran into a lot of locals jogging and walking the trail, and the views are really pretty. For a girl who doesn't like hiking, I would definitely do this trail again.
5	Great for trail running--not so scrabbly that you need to worry about foot placement at all. I ran to the Taliesian lookout and was surprised how quickly I arrived. I ended up running back toward the trailhead and spurring around the Sunrise Loop (2 to 3 miles, I'd guess). My (phone's, granted) GPS indicated my total run to be 5.6 miles, which seemed accurate. Maybe signage indicating the hike to Taliesian and back as 6 miles is off? Or, maybe my phone's wonky and I'm a stronger runner than I thought!I'll add: the Sunrise Loop spur I took was a lot more scrabbly and required thoughtful foot placement--mostly the southern leg of it.If you have recommendations for 4 - 10 mile loops in Phoenix and especially in this part of town, please let me know!
3	This is nice trail for a long walk or perhaps a jog. However, it's not that challenging but the views are great!
5	beautiful low intensity trail.  Very easy for hikers of any level.  The parking lot is big enough that there usually isnt any trouble finding a spot as well if you have to drive here.
5	This was a beautiful hike within the McDowell mountains. They have many trails that you can follow of varying degrees of difficulties. They move with the landscape where you can see spectacular views of Phoenix as well as out into the desert landscape. The plant and wildlife is abundant in this area, nothing to be afraid of, just lizards, rabbits, and birds. There aren't a ton of people either, which is important to me when hiking. I like to get away from people and just relax and here you can do that.
5	This is an amazing trail for many reasons!  First and probably most importantly, as the name says, this trail is a wash, which means there is tons of wildlife along the trail (animals love to hangout in washes).  Also, this trail connects with many other trails, if you want to extend your hike.  Another great thing about this trail and many of the others is that they loop, so you get to explore new ground the whole hike.  At the trail head there are restrooms and sometimes volunteers with information and maps.  They also have guided educational hikes on the Lost Dog trail (generally on the weekend).I usually mountain bike this trail; it has some switchbacks and a bit rocky in some areas so I wouldn't necissarily recommend that for everyone.  The Ringtrail loop is a bit easier for mountain bikers.  Lost Dog does get busy during the tourist season and most weekends.  If you are mountain biking, to avoid a crowded trail, I would recommend doing it early in the morning, on the weekends, or during the week.
5	Great trail for those that want a fairly easy hike. It's been pretty quiet every time I've gone which is nice. A few different paths with varying degrees of difficulty keep this trail feeling new to me when I go. Fun for a newbie like myself to see wildlife - nothing scary, just some lizards, rabbits & birds. Fabulous views when you get up high!
4	This is my go-to hike when my dog needs to burn off some energy. Lots of trails and directions to go with different mileage, but my concern is not remembering which way I came from or how they all connect, so I usually hike in for about a half hour then turn around and go back. I have hiked up to the part that overlooks Taliesin West and it's a decent view, but for the most part, it's just a wash, not much up and down and kinda dusty (the pup always gets a bath after this one!) but it's a nice reminder how close I live to the beautiful, undisturbed desert! I also get a little nervous about wildlife. I've yet to see a coyote, cat or javelina in the wash, but it's never very crowded with hikers and you never know, so I keep my eyes and ears open. I also generally leave my music off because it's multi-use so most often mountain bikers come up behind me and I like to know they're coming so I can move off. Friendly hikers and bikers as always though!
3	I enjoyed this hike, and it was fine. I recommend it for younger children, or those with lower levels of mobility, or fitness. The trail was pretty crowded though, loud, with lots of dogs. Because of that, there was very little wild life of any sort. There were also  assorted bags of dog crap lying about here and there on the trail.Personally I enjoyed the hike to Sunrise Peak much more, it was less crowded and I saw more wildlife.
5	I've run here a few times now and it's becoming one of my favorites. Usually run from the trail head to taliesin overlook. 4.3 miles round trip. Great  paved parking lot easy to get to.
4	This is a great, easy hike and its location is convenient.  I particularly like it because it is not overcrowded like many of the trail-heads in the area.  This trail is definitely perfect for the kids.  Not too grueling, but you get high enough up to have some really amazing and beautiful views.
3	This is not one of most popular hikes around, but it was much closer and prettier than I expected. This is more of a leisurely hike, not much of an incline, its pretty steady and easy to follow. Feel free to bring your pooch also, as its a dog friendly trail. March was a very nice time of year to hike here, as all the blooming flowers were a lovely sight amongst the numerous chollas and cacti. Ends with a pretty good view. Definitely worth checking out.
5	What?! How did I forget to review this place?I absolutely love this place. I've been working in Phoenix for just over two years, and I came out here for the first time about a year in. Yes...it is far from downtown Phoenix. But being far away does have certain advantages in that it is less crowded than other, more easily accessible trails.I do run this trail. As another reviewer stated, I typically run from the parking lot to the Taliesin Overlook. The trail from the Taliesin Overlook to the end of Lost Dog Wash Trail is pretty rocky. You can still run it, but it is definitely more precarious.I do wish some (not all) of the people here with dogs would remember to pick up after their dogs. And leaving the blue bag on the side of the trail doesn't count. This is a shared trail. Please pick up after yourselves and your pets. You won't see me dropping packs of goo, water bottles, wrappers, etc. Please be respectful. If you don't treat this well, why should anyone else? Before you know it, it'll become a Superfund site, and you will only have yourself to blame. But I digress...I love coming out here because 1) it is physically far from where I work; 2) there's an almost 0% chance I will bump into a co-worker who needs something from me; 3) it's not too crowded during the work week when I come out here; and 4) it's a decent trail run.
4	Lengthy amount of trails though the aids at the entrance weren't the most helpful, but they were nice people.  The trail gets a little rocky at times where you can't walk well and absolutely could not take a bike.  Nice views but little shade
4	This hike is great. It's close to my home and you can make it an easy or difficult workout. On a typical day at Lost Dog, I will hike as far as I think I can run back. Once I reached that point, I jog/run the way back down; usually about 5 miles. For those who are looking for a leisurely hike with decent views, this is your trial. However, you have your pick of trials... the one I visit most frequent is Jeep trial. Careful, during snake season... they are out and you will most certainly spot (or hear) a couple rattlers. 4 stars because I would choose to visit other hikes over this one. I love and prefer more difficult hikes with high elevation!
3	Since the weather has been so awesome lately, we decided to give this trail a try.  After browsing the map of the various trails, we decided to do the "Lollipop Loop", which is a little over 5 miles and includes this route:Lost Dog Wash Trail to Taliesin Overlook (backtrack) toOld Jeep Trail toRingtail Trail to Lost Dog Wash TrailThe trail is very easy and good for beginners.  There was a lot of trail bike and jogger action on the trail.  One group of hikers had strollers with 2 babies....seriously?!  That was a complete fail...I don't know what they were thinking.Until you get to higher ground with decent views....Taliesin Overlook and a couple of spots on the Old Jeep Trail and Ringtail Trail....there's not much to look at.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lost-dog-wash-trail-scottsdale?select=2fDEe35-hrvJmn5Zsp-YnQ#2fDEe35-hrvJmn5Zsp-YnQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lost-dog-wash-trail-scottsdale?select=D9Tp167HbQYd9AYLlscDYA#D9Tp167HbQYd9AYLlscDYAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lost-dog-wash-trail-scottsdale?select=piv7Jl4vqvzzqpZSEX-gdw#piv7Jl4vqvzzqpZSEX-gdwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lost-dog-wash-trail-scottsdale?select=fwIsLFwlv9NREVlK0G3uHQ#fwIsLFwlv9NREVlK0G3uHQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lost-dog-wash-trail-scottsdale?select=2SXvipCe9Uc537UwYfX9Mw#2SXvipCe9Uc537UwYfX9MwOther than those views, there's not much to look at besides the Sonoran Desert.....Cholla, Saguaro, weeds, brush, random green stuff.  I read Lisa E's review on this trail and was hoping to see a lot of wildlife, but besides an occasional bird or two squawking, we didn't see or hear anything....no Javelina, Coyotes, Hawks, Bobcats, or Mountain Lions.....we struck out.There are restrooms at the trail head and the parking lot is nice and adequate.  I'm not sure I'll hike this trail again....I might go up to 128th St next time and do the Sunrise Trail, which is on the backside of the Lollipop Loop.Return Factor - 50%
4	Wow this is one of the nicest trails I've ever been on, and when I say "nicer" I mean fancier, not nature beauty. The trail itself was a typical never ending desert flat trail. The bathrooms? Unforgettable. I'm used to those crummy bathrooms with no TP and wet floors that homeless people probably use as bedrooms hiking bathrooms. These had a code on the door and an attendant watching the entrance. Seriously. But yes the trail was nice enough and confusing enough for my Mom and I to get lost. Awesome.
5	This is my favorite hiking trail. You can take an easy trail and get a decent workout or move up to whatever level of difficulty you want. I have arthritis in my knees and lower spine, so some days I feel more adventurous than others. At Lost Dog Wash I can do whatever I'm feeling up to that day. The Taliesin Overlook is nice. Or you can really challenge yourself and go up the Quartz Trail or to Sunrise Peak and back. The views are never anything other than striking, and you end up feeling sorry for those poor bastards trapped down there in the smog of Downtown Phoenix, which is usually enveloped in a sad yellow haze. In Scottsdale you can leave all that behind and enjoy copious amounts of fresh air and gorgeous scenery. Do bring enough liquid refreshments to keep yourself and every living being in your party hydrated. Apparently a few dogs collapse due to lack of hydration every year. That wipes the smiles off everybody's faces, seeing someone's four-legged friend carted out in a wheelbarrow. With that caveat, enjoy!
5	I love this trail. Beautiful. Quiet. Breathe taking. If you have the itch to go hiking, visit this trail. Be careful, lots of little rocks so wear the right shoes and bring a lot of water.
5	Great hike! Not nearly as crowded as some of the other trails nearby which is really nice. There are several trails you can choose depending on how long you want to hike for. We made it all the way to Taliesin Overlook, which was a fantastic view. The trail isn't too difficult but more challenging than a stroll in the park. There were some mountain bikers too. I'm sure I'll be back soon as long as it doesn't get too hot in the mornings!
4	Even though I did the short trail, thank goodness, since it started raining and I do not do well in the rain, this was a really nice trail.  I am looking forward to trying the longer one.  Even though there is no real elevation, this is the kind of trail were you can go with a friend and leisurely chat your way through it.  I have a friend in mind already.  The only thing to watch out for is all the loose gravel.  I almost twisted my ankle a couple of times.
3	This is probably the easiest trail that you're ever going to hike besides walking around your block. You only go up an additional 400 plus feet in elevation during the hike. I believe the total loop is a little over 4 miles. This is a great hike for beginners and hiking in groups where you can have casual conversations. There are some rocky parts but mostly this is a dirt trail. This hike at a slow walking pace is about a two hour hike. There are some nice vistas so bring your camera.
5	What a wonderful trailhead!!  Huge parking lot, lovely real bathrooms, maps, and (on the Sunday morning we came here), there was even a kind guide to answer our questions.  Grab a paper map in the little bin under the big display map at the trail head and choose your own adventure.  There are many trail lengths, so you can do longer or shorter hikes and change your mind on the way.  The hiking is long, flat, rocky and really lovely!!  With multiple length options and no elevation changes, it's the perfect place for a less experienced hiker, a mountain bike ride, or a trail run.  We did the 4.4 mile loop, which included the Old Jeep trail.  We plan to come back soon!  The views were breathtaking (the weather was cloudy with moments of rain, which makes the mountains extra majestic, here in AZ).
4	Now that was a serious workout. I jogged for almost seven miles over the jagged and slippery terrain. While most people would use the trail for hiking, I wanted to get a challenging run in and so I did. Hiking-wise, I would say this is not a difficult trail, but fun just the same. There are some dangerous drops depending on which trail you take. If I ever make it back to Scottsdale, I would do it all over again.
4	The Lost Dog Wash Trail and I (as well as Bry and our two labradors) had the pleasure of meeting each other at the end of April.  Even at a little after 8am, there was a freak storm hovering nearby so we had some concerns with "surviving" the trail and getting back in time before getting fully rained on. To our relief, the hike was easy as pie and had little elevation gain, but we did encounter one small problem. We were talking and missed a turn and ended up adding another trail and a half or so to our loop as well. We followed along the Lost Dog Wash Trail and then ended up on the Ringtail Trail and then to the Old Jeep Trail. So with our little mishap, instead of taking a short little sub 3 mile hike for one of our elderly pups, we ended up on the 4.1 mile one. Oh well, we took it nice and slow for our older labrador. We did get rained on a bit close to the end, but like I said, it seldom rains, so it's rarely a problem.Pros:-Awesome views-Great for pups (except during the summer of course when it's way too hot unless you go super early)-If you're a mountain biker, the terrain can be rocky, but you can be "remote" without being so far way from the city in no time-Beginner hikers can enjoy an easy conversational stroll -Good training for trail runningCons: -Seasoned hikers may not feel challenged enough unless doing the really long trail-With lots of flowering plants and shrubbery during the spring, there were quite a few bees during our hike (They didn't bother us, but you can hear them passing every flowering bush)
4	Lost Dog Wash has several unpaved, dirt trails for you to hike, and dogs are allowed. However, there are a lot of loose rocks on the trail and cholla and other cacti spikes are everywhere, so be very cautious about where you step. One person in our party got cholla'd and my dog stepped on a cactus spike, so be sure to bring tweezers and a comb to pick out spikes, and to comb any cholla pads off you. On a warm day, the trail can be rough for dogs not so used to hiking so bring lots of water and take frequent breaks as needed.The actual hike itself isn't too bad, and you get a great view of the city once you reach higher elevations.
3	Ample parking, easy hike and good trail. No shade anywhere so do not do this on a hot day.
