5	Las Pupusas, casamiento, La Ensalada, la tortillas a manos estan sabrosisimas!!Muy recomendado para desayunar, y Veronica es muy Linda, amigable y atenta.
5	Just had a yummy lunch at this Salvadorian restaurant.  It is a mom and pops place that is weirdly decorated by various posters of soccer stars.  There are also framed posters of soccer support groups.  I guess they really love soccer or should I say football?  I knew the place was authentic because I walk in and they asked me if I knew this was Salvadorian food.  They thought I wandered in to the wrong place.  I guess I was the rare non-Salvadorian person that entered the establishment.  The pupusas there was absolutely divine.  Fluffy on the outside and rich and meaty on the inside.  The chicken tamale that I got was light, airy and tasted brothy, if you know what I mean.  You have got to try it.  Lunch specials cost $4.99.  Everything is very very inexpensive.
5	12/17/11 DUNCH. Nice restaurant & staff. Very good food. Very reasonably priced. This is not Mexican food, it's Salvadoran, which becomes obvious as you read the menu. especially if you've had many varieties of latin food in your life. Loved the tamals (which were different from Mexican ones I've tried, these were fluffy as a cloud) and chili relleno, as well as their trademark pupusas (especially the one filled with cheese & loroco, a veg that tastes sorta like asparagus).During dessert (a plantain stuffed empanada and their version of "french toast"!), looked thru the menu again. Quite a few dishes I had never heard of, which I need to eventually try. Gallina de India, for instance. Not "pollo" chicken, but a different "style" of chicken, with a curry-style sauce!I will be back!
3	I like this place for many reasons. First and foremost, I never have any problems ordering. If the girl at the counter doesn't speak English, they will always bring someone else up to the counter while I place my order. More often than not, we come here simply for Pupusas. Except to wait at least 30 minutes when ordering pupusas. The pupusas here are always fresh and hot and ooze with lots of melted cheese. More often than thought, I always get s few pupusas that ooze out with cheese, so when they are cooking it it gets all crispy and charred. This can easily be the best part sometimes.I wanted to give this place a 4 star but the last two times we have ordered pupusas from here, the curtido (cabbage slaw) has been salty. Extremely salty, to where you can't eat more than a couple of bites. I don't know if we caught it right at the beginning of the pickling process but it just wasn't edible.I have ordered items on the menu and the food across the board is solid and good. Pass on their seafood soup though. It just didn't have the freshest taste to it. If i am craving pupusas and I am in the area I would definitely stop.
