2	Before you read further, please note that I visited this location for a new bellybutton ring.  Not a wide selection of belly button rings.  As far as tattoos, I don't have one (yet), but am currently weighing that decision.  This location was featured in Charlotte's edition of Creative Loafing in an article titled "Charlotte Ink."  As far as bellybutton rings go, I am unable to rate them any higher than 2.  However, I plan to make this shop my first visit if/when I get my tattoo, and will update my review then.  The folks were really nice, and appear to have a huge selection of artwork to choose from. Tips:- Parking leaves much to be desired.  You may have to park in the back, which looked like a junk car lot. - If you have to park in the back, the front door is up front on the street so you'll have to walk up the way you drove in.
1	I came here abt two years ago to get my fix of ink. (they are addictive)Well, I drew my "Tat" out so I figured how hard could it be to copy and paste right... RIGHTTTTT!!!!well after Mr. What-Ever-The-Hell-His-Name is finished smoking (why do they have to smoke before work?) and started on my tat... when I looked at the clock go round and round and round (damn near 3 hrs) for a tat that was maybe 3inch by 3inch. NOTE... MY TATTOO was a Ying/Yang, with the two lil circles representing 2 clocks in the inside. (can you picture that.. right.. that ain't too hard right.?)i told buddy he did a "great job" tipped the dude a few more bucks because i KNOW he needed it and wld probably be his last. WELP.. IT WAS.. a friend went (even after I told them where to go for good work) and wanted me to come with... and that person was NOT there anymore. also.. i HATE when an "artist" tells me what to get.. even when I tell them what I want and where i want it. THE NERVE of another artist to tell me NO, you should get it put ______ instead. GTHOH. I'M PAYING.. RIGHT?????........................... RIGHTTTT!!!!!!!!!
5	Great work. Derrick is an amazing artist. He has a great way of making you comfortable. Been my artist for the past 15 years.  Never disappoints. Well worth the money.
4	My wife and I first tattoo out here in North Carolina; so we decided to go to a local spot right off South Boulevard. The artist Derrick was extremely entertaining, funny and a great conversationalist. He definitely made our visit and tattoo experience a great one to remember since this was our first one out here in NC.  There is parking behind the building so walking to the door shouldn't be a problem..... Derrick is a very good artist that sketches out all his tats which means they all look great and unique. You have to love a tattoo artist that takes his time with something going on you permanently. Love this place; coming back for another one.
4	My husband and I really like this tattoo shop. Derek was our tattoo artist. He had me convinced this was where I would want to get a tattoo because he sketches all his work. All my tattoos are unique and have always been sketched from an artist off the top of their head. I prefer to have a tattoo that nobody else will have (it might be similar but never my exact tattoo, unlike people who chooses a tattoo from the wall or the set of pics in other shops). Derek made me feel comfortable. He was friendly, funny and informative. We will definitely go back for another tattoo. This shop does piercing as well and have plenty of body jewelry to choose from. As far as parking, there is parking in the back and the walk to the door isn't far at all.
4	Thad did a really good job on my heart tattoo.  The place is kind of old and dingy but the work area environment was sterile.I would defiantly let Thad do another tattoo for me.
