5	Every day, when I brush my teeth, I hear Dr. K telling me that my mouth is a Porsche (which is true, I have more money in it than a Porsche,) and I need to take care of it.  When our family found Dr. K, we came from a horrific dentist who put me through so much pain.  Dr. K is gentle and kind.  He was young and enthusiastic.  The kids loved him...we left the pediatric dentist who wanted to tie my son down to do a simple filling and give him many unnecessary drugs, and put our child in the hands of Dr. K.Now, he is no longer young, I noticed recently there is gray at the temples...but he's not old either...  His methods are the latest, and his new office is AMAZING.  He' s kind, he is gentle, he will explain options and understand if you just don't have the cash for the recommended treatment.  His staff is kind. When my husband had cancer, Dr. K was so sweet with him.  That alone makes him amazing.If you don't have a dentist, you found the right one.  He's amazing.  He and my doctor were the two things I mourned most when I left for Oregon :(
4	He's a really gentle spirit and everyone in the office is really friendly, but very expensive! He actually couldn't do one of my root canals and had to send me to a specialist. He did try to get to it on separate occasions though- so A for effort. His office doesn't do laughing gas- for those who are looking to get knocked out and scared of dentists. But he really is one of the most gentle dentists that care about your feelings and if you're scared he WILL try to calm you down by being a genuinely nice guy and will explain in detail what it is he's going to do and will stop if you need a break. 1 star taken away for his prices though.
5	Dr. Kintonis is the best dentist you can have treating you.My family moved to Las Vegas in May 2009 and in July 2009 my wife was in a car accident.  Two of her teeth were pulverized and she had massive trauma to her face.  After metal was removed from her face at UMC by a plastic surgeon, the next day she went and saw Dr. Kintonis for an assessment.  The next day after that, a Thursday, he performed the first of many procedures to repair her teeth.  On Friday at 6 pm I received a call from him.  He wanted to know if my wife was doing okay before he went home for the weekend.  That was absolutely the most amazing call I have ever received from a medical professional!  He has continued to treat my wife, and me, and numerous people we have recommended him to, with the same outstanding service.  You cannot do better than Dr. Kintonis.
5	I've been coming to this dentist for years because they actually know what they're doing and take certain precautions and talk to you about everything possible so you feel you're in good hands.
5	My husband needed a tooth pulled and, after reading reviews here, chose Dr. Kintonis.  After successfully pulling a difficult tooth, Dr. Kintonis called my husband later in the day to make sure he was okay.  Who does that any more???Based on my husband's experience, I went to Dr. Kintonis also.  Everyone in the office is excellent from the ladies at the front desk to the technicians in the back.  Best of all is Dr. Kintonis - kind, gentle, compassionate - unlike any dentist I had before.  And he did a beautiful job on my teeth.  If you need dental work, I highly recommend Dr. Kintonis and his awesome staff...and I've NEVER recommended a dentist before in my life.
1	I hate to be the unpleasant one, but my partner came here for some fillings and xrays, and had quite a few problems. The only reason there's 1 star (besides Yelp requiring it as a minimum) is because they take UFCW insurance at cost without co-pay.My partner had two fairly bad cavities back in June. One on each side. The first one was filled, and he still feels periodic discomfort from the filling. They also tried to prescribe him Amoxicillin, despite him clearly having a Penicillin allergy labeled on his chart. (I caught this when they were calling in the script, thank god...)The second (and worse of the two) filling was supposed to be done during an appointment on 6/17. They were instructed that we had a tight schedule when we booked it the week before, and that we were leaving state permanently 2 days later. We also did not have time for an appointment on 6/18, due to us packing and moving. They waited until the morning of the appointment to call and say that they wouldn't be doing the appointment because the blonde dentist doesn't work on that day, and they're not sure why the appointment was scheduled. They then tried to pressure him to take an appointment on the 19th, which was the day we were leaving, despite them having been clearly informed of this the week before.Luckily we were able to take him to Preferred Family Dentistry instead, where Dr. Jafarifar did an amazing job on short notice. Despite having a worse cavity to work with, she was done in a quick amount of time and he has no pain.Honestly, while the staff here were nice... it's not worth the hassle of having an appointment cancelled last minute when they knew we had a rush, or the fact that they were blatantly negligent in prescribing a medication he was allergic to, and could have easily killed him. A little more due diligence in patient care is necessary.=============UPDATE: Since someone at Yelp HQ is trying to suppress this review improperly, claiming that it lacks a direct firsthand customer experience, please note that outside of the filling performed on my partner, I was directly involved in the entire process, including filling out of paperwork, appointment scheduling etc. and am therefore in my complete right to post this review, which is in compliance with Yelp terms and conditions.
5	After the dentist who bought our longtime dentist's office said my wife and I needed about $4000 dollars worth of work done on our first visit to his office, we decided to get a second opinion. Thank God for Samantha who referred us to Dr. Kintonis, who informed us that of the twelve or so teeth the other dentist said needed to have the filling's replaced, only one actually had to be replaced. I can't say that there are no other honest dentist out there, but I can say that Dr. Kintonis is definitely one of them. Trying our best to shout it from the roof tops!
5	Best dentist ever! I went to him yrs. ago ('98) after I had been on chemotherapy. I found out that I had 16 cavities and a few root canals and it was going to cost me thousands of dollars. After sitting in that chair for thousands of hours and after $16,000 my teeth were redone. Ever since then when I go and have my teeth whitened or when I've been to another dentist (even though he is my dentist now!) everybody compliments me on his work.  He did a lot of detailed work like root canals and bridges but he saved my teeth. I am grateful for that.  Most dentists would have just ripped out all my teeth and put in fake ones. He's an honest doctor and I am lucky to have been referred to him so long ago.
