4	There are tons of places to get married in Vegas.  Some of them are cheap chapels (think Britney Spears) and others are extremely expensive hotel chapels.  It's hard to find something in between.Chapel in the Clouds offers a venue that is more romantic and different from the cheesy chapels for the same price (or a little more). The photographer is great and you can get married on the 109th floor on the observation deck (overlooking the Strip).  I give it four stars for the price!
5	Sooo worth it. We got married at the Stratosphere a couple weeks ago and it was everything we could have asked for and more! The ceremony was short and sweet...thank goodness cause I did not expect to cry as much as I did...and my shoes were killin me! Lol. The Stairway to the Stars package also included a DVD of the ceremony and A-MAZING photography by Cashman Photo and Cashman Professional. The photographer took over 200 pictures of us, our friends, and our family in various locations around the hotel...including the top of the Stratosphere tower! Our wedding package only included 12 pictures so we were super happy when we were offered the opportunity to purchase more photos the next day when we met with the photographer and Cashman Professional.  The best part? Our entire wedding (reception Etc included) cost less than $5000! Thank you so much to everyone who made our dream wedding possible!
5	My wife and I got married here and every employee we came in contact with, from the person on the phone to the pastor, was friendly and accommodating. The price was great compared to other "strip" chapels and the view was magnificent. They upgraded us to a larger chapel because they had one available and did so at no extra charge. The only con was the professional pictures were VERY pricey. Overall I would definitely recommend.
5	My husband and I just got married here a little over a week ago (9/29/12), and everything was beyond my expectations. I worked with Daun as my wedding coordinator, and she was such a pleasure to plan with, she answered every question, and was very thorough, following up every conversation with a detailed e-mail, reiterating everything we discussed - which was extrememly nice and helpful. The day before the wedding was my first time actually seeing the chapel, or meeting with any of the staff in person, and I was just so pleased with everything. I had picked the chapel in the clouds as our wedding venue based on other online reviews, and photos I had seen, and they definately did not disappoint. We did a reception with the wedding, and though we were on a budget and could not afford a private reception, we opted to do a private room on the casino floor at the buffet, and the staff at the buffet were beyond nice and helpful. Special thank you to the staff at the buffet for being so accommodating and going above and beyond to help out. I didn't think a wedding in Vegas could ever live up to the wedding of my dreams that I had in my head, but the wedding we had was so perfect, I really could not have asked for anything more. We added a cake and champagne toast to our wedding package, and the cake was just beautiful, and tasted soooooo good. Everyone was talking about how it was the best wedding cake they ever had (we got lemon cake, with fresh strawberries & bavarian cream filling, with a buttercream icing). Even the champagne from the toast was good, and I usually do not like the taste of champagne, but ended up having a second glass after the toast! Before we even left the wedding chapel, they already handed us a copy of the dvd of the wedding, and everyone who has watched it has been impressed by how well they edit the video, considering that it is taken by 3 stationary cameras. The photograper was great, he had a great personality and took amazing photos. We ended up purchasing the master cd of the pictures because there was just no way we could pick which ones we wanted, we loved them all! The minister who officiated our wedding was such a friendly man, after the service several of our guests came up to tell us how much they enjoyed the ceremony and he definately got quite a few laughs out of us and our guests. And, one of the nice things the Stratosphere offered, aside from the view of course - which was breathtaking by the way, was a personal butler to each wedding. This guy was so professional, we were all impressed, and appreciated his attention to detail. All in all, I would definately recommend the Chapel in the Clouds to anyone who is interested in getting married, and if I had to do it all over again, I would chose the Stratosphere time and time again! Thank you so much to everyone there for making our wedding the day of our dreams!
5	My husband and I got married here 4/6/13 and it was amazing! We worked with Daun, Tina and John DeLeon. They pulled off a spectacular event for us.We knew we wanted to get married in Vegas and there are so many options, but the Stratosphere has the best view so we went with our parents to check out the chapel and the observation deck for the reception. Daun and John gave us a tour and answered all our questions. Everyone there is so nice and helpful. My advice to brides is have an idea of your guest count and know your budget. Be honest with Daun about your budget and she'll work with you to get everything you want. They have everything there. As a busy bride you don't have to worry about anything. They are 100% professional and really take care of every little detail for you. They have such lovely options available - All we had to do was pick the cake and pick the flowers. They take care of the tables, chairs, plates, videographer, photographer. They even booked the DJ for me! They made it so easy to get married!I just can't say enough about how fabulous the entire staff of the Stratosphere is. My husband and I spent about a year planning our wedding. We met with Tina the day before and she had a floor plan to show us where all the tables would go, where the cake would be, and where the DJ would be. It was like a military operation, everything was so well planned.When the big day arrived we met with Eddie the minister who got to know us a little, he signed the paperwork, and put us all at ease. The staff on wedding day was great we had a large wedding party and they got everyone up the elevator and seated with only going a few minutes over start time.The ceremony was so beautiful. Eddie said such great things. If you decide to get married at the Stratosphere request Eddie!After the ceremony the photographer was quick to take family photos and escorted us around the Stratosphere taking photos. It was nice spending time with my new husband just the two of us as we got to take pictures  - and we weren't immediately faced with greeting guests - We had a minute to decompress.What I liked about the photographer was he suggested places for us to take pictures and if we didn't want to do it. He didn't argue or try to make us take pictures he was just like, ok moving on. Which I really appreciated.All our guests were quickly ushered to the reception on the observation deck to get drinks while we finished with our pictures. The DJ greeted us and went over our grand entrance and first dance song. Everything went wonderfully. I got word a few days later that at the beginning of the reception there was a bar tender that wasn't really working out. And he was quickly replaced. It wasn't an issue. Everyone had a great time and the food was so delicious. The cake was beautiful and yummy. The staff was friendly and quick - John was our reception "captain" and he took care of everything. Got us refills so we never had to go to the bar. I think the best part for our guests was after the reception was over they got to go ride all the rides for free! I had so many of my friends tell me the next day about how much fun it was for them to ride all the crazy rides.It was an unforgettable night, and they had all of our pictures ready for us the next day! My advice to brides is to set another $1,500 aside if you can, because you'll want to buy more pictures. All the pictures came out so great. I couldn't choose so we just bought them all - but that was an additional cost I hadn't factored in.Wendy who does the pictures was really helpful and explained everything about the different photograph purchasing options. She was super helpful and like I said in the end we fell in love with all the pictures, so we just bought them all.I hope this was helpful! I know Vegas isn't for everyone but I had such a good experience I just had to yelp :)
4	We got married here last week and I was pleased with the whole experience.They were very accommodating with our requests and the price was reasonable for what we were getting. The staff are genuine in wanting this to be as pain-free and happy an experience as possible.The views were amazing and our minister was a hoot. Really funny guy which is exactly what we wanted. The decor of the chapel was kind of traditional. It seemed a little dated to me. Vegas is anything but traditional so I would have liked something with more pizzazz. I had been previously vetoed on the alien Elvis drive-thru wedding.The champagne with the package we got was pretty awful though. Tasted like a $5 bottle.I would recommend this as a strong contender for those looking for wedding packages.
5	It is very inexpensive, and a great time. Invited a lot LESS than I could of, there is zoo much more space there for the wedding. I should of invited more however the turn out was still Great. Everyone there was respectful and very helpful considering at first we were lost, they directed us quickly. Great time, very memorable for sure!! Thanks guys.
