1	I purchased a lot at auction with Government Liquidation at their website in December 2010.  I drove to San Antonio Texas from Fort Worth, to pick up the lot with truck and trailer.  The guard at the gate said that the registration was expired on the trailer and were not permitted to enter the premises.  I did not get out of the truck to check the guards accuracy when he said the tags were expired. This was a borrowed trailer from my brother.   I guess, I assumed the guard was correct.  It was a borrowed trailer and I figured the guard was right.  I was denied admittance.  When we returned to Fort Worth you can imagine my surprise when I called my brother and he said he believed it was registered.   So I went out and checked it myself.  Sure enough the trailer was properly registered.I was of course very upset because I spent about $400 in fuel, food and pay for an additional person to help me load & unload the trailer.   I immediately registered a dispute with PayPal where I had paid over $600 for the auction lot two weeks earlier.   My dispute registered at PayPal was simply that I did not receive the goods that I paid for two weeks earlier.The next day I found that the money had in fact  been refunded .   At almost the same time I received a letter from Keith Isler stating that I had been BANNED from all future Government Liquidation auctions.I explained to Mr Isler what had happened and he responded with an email titled STILL BANNED.I was already out over $400 and 13 hours time in round trip travel in one day.   I called the phone number to Mr Islers office and left two messages neither has been returned.  I only asked for a call back.  I asked twice via email  at kisler@govliquidation.com for Mr. Isler's supervisor and still do not know who his supervisor is.However today I can't advise using Government Liquidation or http://www.govliquidation.comIt appears that the staff at Government Liquidation shoot from the hip ( BANNED, STILL BANNED - I can almost hear his laughter using his all powerful BANNED reading between the lines of his email), and could care less about your trouble or how much money you lose just by trying to use their auction service.    What happens is that if you have a dispute with Government Liquidation, the result is that you will receive a  BANNED letter.  No talk, no discussion you are Banned.    I think Keith Isler is a snotty  jerk.  Who takes business transactions personally.Don't do business with them.. you can be out hundreds of dollars in time and travel.  Then when you try to do something about it be prepared for  the Keith Isler / Government Liquidation  you are BANNED letter.That's how it goes.Phillip Coomer
1	I purchased 2 lots of merchandise from the GovLiquidation.com auction site.  After winning the auctions, I paid in full for both lots and followed the protocol to pick up the merchandise in Oklahoma City.  I called the pick-up site to schedule a time to confirm and pick up the merchandise. I was told I could repackage the boxes into one box and have my own freight company then pick up the merchandise.  I was assured that I could do this, and made sure they knew I was flying from Oregon to do this.Once there (after buying an airline ticket, renting a car and a hotel room), I was then told by the same woman that I could not repackage the merchandise and that I couldn't even confirm the merchandise was there in completion.  Rather, I was told that I would have to have one of their freight companies remove the merchandise after they signed for it.  *This is an important piece of their scam.I flew home and waited to receive the merchandise that I paid for.  Upon receiving the merchandise that I purchased through the online Government Liquidation auction, I immediately opened the packaging and took an inventory of the products and noticed a significant amount missing.  I spoke with the Oklahoma site and the freight company.  I then filed a dispute with Government Liquidation about both the missing merchandise and the problems with picking up the merchandise and shipping.  I filed this dispute twice, and both times were denied resolution.I spoke with Government Liquidation no less than six times, and each time they shifted blame to me.  Their argument was that I (or my freight company) signed for the merchandise and gave up rights.The hole in their argument lies in the fact that in order to confirm the merchandise purchased, the buyer has to sign off on the merchandise.  If there is missing merchandise, no recourse can be taken because it was signed for.  This is a complete sham of an auction company.  The public will be the one holding the responsibility of this company's mistakes.  There were no apologies for the erroneous comments made to me by the Oklahoma site, for any missing merchandise, or for their making false claims. I would steer clear of GOVLIQUIDATION.COM at all costs.  They WILL short you of your merchandise and hold you responsible for their errors.  I have reported them to the Better Business Bureau and have filed a dispute with our credit card company for the amount paid. WARNING: DO NOT BE SUCKERED AS I WAS INTO BELIEVING YOU WILL RECEIVE WHAT YOU WIN ON THIS AUCTION SITE!!!
1	I purchased 1 lot (20 pallets ) of 768 pcs desktop computers (tested to BIOS working) from Dod Surplus, LLC (thru their website Govliquidation.com). They sent me wrong pallets and wrong computers. Computers that I received did not match with serial numbers on the computer list they provided on an excel file with the auction. They accepted return and sent me a full refund check (that I didnt receive it yet). I paid 600 USD to have these shipped from their Arizona location to Paramount CA. I requested a reimbursement for shipping fee I paid since they sent me wrong lot and accepted return for refund. I sent tons of emails they finally agreed to reimburse only 200 USD.I need my full refund including shipping fees I paid for this returned lot. It was their mistake to ship wrong lot and they are responsible for all my costs associated with this transaction.
