5	Best F------ Chinese food in vegas. Looks like a Sh*t hole so order delivery or take out. You will NOT be disappointed. AMAZING food. Only problem is today is sunday & I want orange chicken and they are closed on sundays :(
3	Pretty good hole in the wall Chinese place. The best thing about it are the lunch specials. I pay $4.90 including tax for bbq pork fried rice and kung pao chicken and it actually tastes good. Can't beat that!! They have other combinations you can get as well for the same price.
4	My GF is always looking for a good authentic style Chinese meal and we were both equally impressed with the food and service here.  Of course we were the only table (first ones through the door when they opened) and they treated us like royalty.My Lomein was above par and made with fresh vegitables and the Shrimp was fresh as well; Not something I'm used to in Lomein.  The one major surprise was the flaming PuPu Plater.  Neither one of us had tried that before and we both absolutely loved it! They bring out a sample platter of a few different foods/raw meat and let you season everything to your liking and then heat it all over top of an open flame. It was nice being your own chef in an actual Asian Restaurant. The only reason I only gave 4 stars is due to the lack of Fountain Soda; Everything comes in Cans. We've been to a few small shops like this one where they didn't have fountain drinks and it just seems weird to pop open a can inside a restaurant. I think I may just have to take her back on our next day off!
1	The place is really ugly and dirty... Owner/waiter looked greasy, food was salty, I should have walked out.
5	I have been going to fairview over 15 years! Since waaay back when little Caesars was next door!! This place has remained consistant in  quality and when i need REAL FRIED RICE, BBQ PORK, EGG FOO YOUNG!.......OOOOOO!!!FOODGASM!!!!!!!!!!   WHEWWW.......... or awesome lunch specials I know I can count on them! The place is older and can use a makeover but none of that matters to me as long as my food is worth my money and my gas!
3	The only two things I purchase from this restaurant are the Egg Foo Young and Cashew Chicken.  Every thing else on the menu is substandard.  The two things they do well, they do very well.  In fact, it's the best in town.  The protein is actually cooked within the pancake itself which lends to good texture.  It is made with mostly egg and not with a lot of flour and the gravy is not too salty and is just thick enough to make it a hearty meal.  The best part of the cashew chicken is the zucchini.  It's diced to perfection and not over cooked.  It's the perfect al dente.  The one major negative is that twice, I've ordered a specific item and was told they had a special that was better.  I informed the waiter that I wanted what i ordered instead, and upon bringing my order home, I've found that they substituted my order for what they were attempting me to purchase.  I don't appreciate the bait and switch for what I believe was their attempt to get rid of a particular food.  However, not finding good :Egg Foo Young made well anywhere else, I find I come back for more.
5	Sadly, Fair View Chinese Cuisine has gone out of business. Too bad because I loved this place. It had the best Chinese food I'd found in this city in the years I've lived here. I was also pleased that the tasty food was so close to home that I could drive myself there.I generally judge Chinese food on their BBQ Pork Fried Rice, followed by Beef Chow Mein. Both of these items were excellent at Fair View. The other items I tried were also excellent. They had an excellent Strawberry Chicken that I'd never seen offered at any of the restaurants I'd tried in the past. I miss them terribly.
