5	Let me start by saying how surprised I am that there's only 1 review for Hugo Hernandez.Looking to obtain some estimates to replace my kitchen and entry tile flooring, I called Hugo, along with several other "handymen" and contractors.Hugo was EXTREMELY PROFESSIONAL, AFFABLE, PUNCTUAL and his follow up was IMPECCABLE!!!  His estimate was very competitive and even though his was not the lowest (not always a good idea to go with the cheapest estimate), I liked his demeanor and style and thus, an agreement was reached.His very competent/pleasant crew of 2 got started the very next day and they did a PHENOMENAL job which was finished in 2 days and not a spec of dust/debris was left behind.  The job was PERFECT and I give him my HIGHEST ENDORSEMENT as a handyman.I wish he lived in the SF Bay Area because I would keep him very busy working for me on my REO properties.  Alas, I am now considering doing many more upgrades to my place in PHX now that I have discovered this rare HONEST AND PROFESSIONAL handyman.  He will be painting the exterior of my place in the spring.GRACIAS HUGO.  BIEN HECHO!!!!!!
1	Epic failCame over to evaluate fixing my swing which he indicated would be an easy fix but he couldn't do it that day (Saturday). He asked if he could come over on Monday which I agreed. He asked if I could leave the back gate to the yard open even though I would be at work which I agreed to. When I came home from work Monday the swing was not fixed, I did not receive any phone call and when I texted/called I got no response despite several voice mails. Therefore I do not recommend.
5	Mr. Hernandez did return our initial phone call promptly, visited our planned house project the next day, and started immediately on the third day.  He and his 2-man crew removed damaged bathroom tiles from the original 1938 installation and installed replacements that match perfectly in placement and mortar (we supplied the matching colored tiles).  They also repaired cracked tiles and mortar on our kitchen countertops from a previous less-than-perfect job.Mr. Hernandez and crew did an excellent, clean job and in the end went above and beyond the original agreement.  In 1.5 days they met our needs and made the house tilework look great.  He is an architect by training and his crew are artists in their crafts, so they understand design issues and the matching of materials and workmanship.  We will definitely call the Hernandez team again for improvements and embellishments that are sympathetic with and appropriate to our historic home and neighborhood.
