5	Doctor is fantastic.  There are two doctors, my wife goes to one and I go to the other.  And they are both very good.  The office staff there is also great.
1	I took my daughter in on 11/4/11 for an eye exam, and we ordered her glasses.   They were nice, and we had no complaints about the office visit.  We were promised a delivery date of 11/13/11, which is also printed on the receipt.      We heard nothing, so my daughter called on 11/19, thinking perhaps they just forgot to call to let her know they'd arrive, and spoke with a lady named Joy, who stated she would get back to her.    TWO DAYS LATER, someone else called back (on 11/21) who spoke so quickly and unintelligably that we cannot catch her name, stating that the glasses had been shipped on 11/19 and would be in the store *quote* :   "tomorrow, Wednesday, or sometime this week".   Fantastic!  Impressive.   My daughter called again today, and they are not there.  My daughter is nearly eighteen, a college student and works full time... she is very capable, and likes to handle as much as she can regarding her own appointments, etc; but she has become frustrated and asked me to help.    So, I called midday today, and spoke with the self-identified manager of this location, "Joe James" who looked for her glasses for a very long time, and then came back on the line and said he didn't know but 'maybe we should reorder them because maybe they got shipped to another location'.     I asked him to please call me back with two things:     1. A definitive answer on where my daughter's glasses are, and,   2. What solution he would be willing to offer, if the answer isn't "They are here, come and get them."   Hours later, he callec back and left a voicemail stating "the lab said they mighta got shipped to another store or got lost so I dont know but my suggestion is we probably need to reorder these if I dont receive them by tomorrow, just reorder them as "lab lost" give me a call and let me know what you think, talk to you later, bye"   .... which is NIETHER an answer as to where her glasses are (tracking? accountability?), NOR is it a solution that helps in any material way.      Reordering them, now, nineteen days later, when we don't know WHAT HAPPENED the FIRST TIME, where the break-down in their system is, or who is responsible... doesn't sound like an awesome solution to me.      We have already used this year's optical benefit to order these glasses... I already paid our $95 copay on them... what recourse do I have?    I googled issues others have had with Target, and this seems to be a recurring issue:  once they have your money and your benefit... you've got no leverage and they cease caring about it.
5	I recently stopped here for an eye exam and new glasses per the recommendation of a coworker (he said Target, not this one specifically). This location was close to my home and has hours until 8pm. The doctor I had was extremely friendsly and performed the eye exam well. He was honest in what my choices were and what it meant for the future. I ordered two pair of classes and was told to expect 7-14 business days. My visit was on a Wednesday and I was surprised when they called me the following Tuesday to say they arrived. The fit was good and the price reasonable. Not only was the doctor friendly and knowledgable, but the staff was also. With hours until 8pm I will definitely come back here in the future.
5	First my new glasses was not good for me. so I had to go to fix several times. It was not fun to go again and again but they tried to help me.But finally I had to change my glasses, they just gave me new glasses cause they have 100days return policy.Now I have a good glasses and I feel very comfortable with my new glasses.
1	This place is horrible. First of all, I went to get my eye exam for contact lenses around christmas time. The Dr. Checked my eye sight and she ordered my contact lenses. It took almost two weeks. I didn't hear back from them. So I called to see if they got my contact lenses yet. They said they got it and left a voice message, but I didn't get any call from them. Second, I got my trial contact lenses. I tried, but I could barely see out of my left eye. I even had a headache. And I couldn't read a sign while I was driving. Meanwhile, I broke my left trial contact lens accidently. So I used my previous presciption contact lens for my left eye for a couple of days. I could see really well and my headache went away. I had a follow up exam today. I explained my situation to the receptionist. She talked to the doctor and she told me it is impossible she was wrong. I didn't even have a chance to meet a doctor. The receptionist came up to me and said they are going to order again and I have to wait one week. I can't imagine wearing the wrong prescription contact lenses. Don't waste your time here. Go somewhere else.
3	Not bad.  Not the best. Usually people are friendly and service is timely.I wasn't impressed with the Drs.  But the regular staff is fine.Selection of frames is small.
4	Only downer is they don't have a huge selection of frames to choose from.Alice helped me on my visit (I already had my Rx - she laughed that it was in Spanish... and didn't fret that they couldn't verify it with the doctor in SA).  She weighed in on frame selection when I started to get stressed about picking new glasses and was 110% helpful.I was told they'd take about 2 weeks to come in, but I received a call only a week later and they were ready. I had worn contacts in, so they gave me a case and some solution to remove while I got fitted for the new glasses.  I had a bit of trouble seeing far away, so she made a few adjustments, fitted them properly to my face, and off I went.1000% better than Lenscrafters.
5	Love Dr Luce!Everyone was very nice!
