4	As far as what Phoenix has to offer, this is definitely the best comic book store to go to. This location in particular is the best one in the valley.I've been frequenting here since I was in the fifth grade and I've yet to be disappointed. What's great about this place is that they have all the current issues available as well as a strong collection of back issues. They're also pretty good about maintaining a solid manga section as well.  Another reason worth stopping by is their "indie" selection ala Jhonen Vasquez, Charles Burns, Clowes, etc..If you can't find it here, they'll order it for you so you won't lose any more sleep about what Superman said to Wonder Woman in that one issue of Red Son or whether you can find that favorite issue of Toyfare that you lost in junior high.If you're looking for a crash course in geekdom, you'll find everything and more here. The staff is pretty knowledgeable and friendly if you're looking for something in particular or even if you're just wondering what's good to read. This place is definitely a staple of Phoenix and isn't leaving anytime soon.
5	Best shop in town! Yo-yo action on Friday nights that my kids love.
5	For a nerd like myself, this place is great. I've been going here for years and I love it. For a small store, they pack in quite a lot of stuff. They have comic books, toys, clothes, manga, graphic novels, statues and more.The staff is great. They know a lot about the books and merchandise they carry. They are always friendly and willing to help you find what you need. Can't find the book you are looking for?  They will call one of the other stores and have it shipped over for you. Want to just chat about comics, tv shows or anything else. They are always happy to chat with their customers. I can't tell you the number of times they have suggested a book to me, only for me to pick up an issue and start collecting it.They have a large wall just dedicated to more recent back issues in case you might have forgotten that one a while back. The have a good collection of older back issues too. Clothing usually consists of t-shirts. Good manga selection and some anime too.If you pick up a lot of comics every week, I would highly suggest joining their box program. You write up a list of the comics you want every month and the staff picks them before they are put on the new issue wall. It makes sure you get your comics first. You get your own section in a box and a number to go with it. Just come in and give your box number and there you go, all the new comics you wanted. No worrying about if they have sold out of them already. The best incentive for this program is you get 20% off the new issues in your box. So, not only are you making sure you're getting the issues you want, you're also saving money on them.
3	Every so often I stop in a Comic book store and Atomic is well stocked and a fun place to go.  Though this isn't Cleveland, you could almost imagine Harvey Pekar lurking around this place.   They have both the new and the old and the staff is very helpful.
