5	G-Star? In Scottsdale? I LOVE LIFE!So, for anyone that knows me, I've had a G-Star obession for years. Usually, this involved me emptying my pockets during strategically planned trips to cities that housed G-Star stores. But first, I shall give those of you that don't know some background...G-Star RAW (commonly called just G-Star) is a Dutch designer clothing company that produces fashionable urban clothing. It became a very popular clothing brand among students in Europe. The brand specializes in making RAW denim - an unwashed, untreated denim in which all jeans start out as after being constructed. G-Star is influenced by European fashion trends as well as by military clothing.My personal description: AWESOME.The style is unique and exciting. It does require you to think outside the box, which is not possible for many people. I like it that way. It keeps G-Star from turning into another Ed Hardy/Affliction/Insert.whatever.else.in.here obsession.
1	G-Star store is finally in Arizona but what a mess they are.I purchased a lot of clothes from here as I like the g-star designs but recently I got a pair of expensive shorts expecting the great quality I'm used to with g-star products. Within a couple of weeks the shorts started falling apart so I took them back to the store.One of the ladies at the store was plain rude accusing me of doing things illegally by trying to return and get a replacement for a bad product.The other lady in the store was nicer but she told me that since they're a franchise they are not responsible for bad products but did offer to have them sent to get them fixed by some local tailor I assume. I agreed as they didn't give me any other choice.A few weeks later they fixed a part of the shorts that ripped but one of the buttons they couldn't fix as if this wan't g-star at all.Bottom line is they didn't offer to contact g-star for me or take a little responsibility and not be rude.Other than this terrible experience, they often don't have sizes which is unacceptable for a flag-ship store.Keep away.
4	When I arrived in scottsdale, I immediately realized that this is would be a boojee a$$ hood. And I figured that a boojee place would be incomplete without a place where they sell raw/dry denim!Searched on yelp, and BAM, there it was! G-star! I was like "AWWWWWW YEEAH!" Since there was nothing else to really do in the dessert. This was a good place to spend some time. The sales guy with the long hair really knew his stuff. Giving me info about how Gstar  would fit or stretch or fade. I was surprised at how many cuts of raw denim they had available. When I was at APC, they had either the standard or the new standard(which were great jeans, dont get me wrong). Not all their raw denim was selvage jeans. But they did have a few that were. The one I was looking at fitted really well, and it was $220(APCs are about $170). And the non selvage raw denim were about $170ish. If you like a certain style or cut, just remember, not to cuts fit the same. Best to try them all out.Unfortunately they didnt have what I wanted, the sales guy told me to check out the one in Melrose, which is the main display store here. Next time I'm in West LA, go to  G-Star, and definitely gonna grab mehself a pair of them jeans!
5	Just wanted to send cheers to G-Star Scottsdale for continuing to be RAW; And by RAW I mean awesome! The heads up phone calls, a prerequisite to better fashion, continue to come. Keep it up. They will search for articles through the distributor if the item is not available in store and they are helpful in the store too. Been loving the line for some time, does not look like something to go from fad to bad. PLEASE GET YOUR CLOTHES AWAY FROM BUCKLE! I dont need to see an Obey, RVCA or Affliction shirt next to G-Star. Thanks. Only downfall is G-Star on lexington in NYC spoiled me too much. The Scottsdale store is about 1/2 the size.
5	I hate that I love this store. Every time I come to the mall I like  to check out what they've got. I usually end up leaving with at least a few pieces because they always have new stuff. The tall sales guy is pretty chill and  honest about how the clothes look on me. He's never sold me anything I was "iffy" about. Seems pretty low pressure when selling me their crap and he turned me on to the arc jeans which are nothing less than sickening on me! Overall Im totally satisfied with all my purchases from this place.
5	G-Star Raw Scottsdale is sick! The staff is super helpful and have a no pressure attitude. Heads up texts and special ordering are what set them apart. The selection is always great with new items hitting the floor weekly. Just wish they would order more than one small! Thank you for all your help G-Star Scottsdale!
5	If you've not jumped into a pair of RAW denim - you truly don't know what you're missing. But then again, my bank account is missing some moolah as a result. Yes it's pricey, and yes it's worth it. Tip: Their V-Necks (i know i know i know... make your scottsdale jokes now) are sold in 2-packs for only $30 and they're high quality. They come in a couple colors, and it's the best fitting shirt I've ever worn.
