5	Great florist. Barb is so helpful and friendly. Makes you feel like family.Been there a couple of times for small bouquets and was very pleased.   Made me feel a lttlelike family.
5	Great service. Barb is wonderful. Friendly and always makes you feel like you are part of the wolz family. No wonder I keep going back there. I have stores more convenient but they are worth the xtra drive.
5	They didn't win Best Florists in the Valley for nothing! Barb was extremely helpful and professional. I had a pretty good idea of what kind of flowers I wanted for my wedding. I came into the shop knowing I wanted a professional florist to create my bridal bouquet and would just purchase flowers from another cheap florist to put my bridesmaids bouquets together myself in order to save some money. Barb offered great ideas on the bridesmaids bouquets for affordable prices. I was so pleased with her ideas and low prices I ended up ordering all my wedding flowers from them rather than making arrangements myself. They saved me the time, money and effort I would have otherwise put into it myself had I done it all DIY. Everyone there was so curteous. They even invited me to come in the day before my wedding to look at the flowers and make sure I was happy with everything. I wanted something very colorful and fall like for my bouquet and Barbara created the most beautiful bouquet. It turned out a lot better than I expected! They are not limited to weddings either. They offer flower and arrangement delivery for special occassions as well. My husband, who is a romantic that sends me flowers quite often just because already has their number saved in his phone. I can't wait to receive another beautiful creation from them again! Truly a delight!
3	I love that Wolz's is an established, small, local vendor with reasonable pricing. I also love that Barbara was able to provide exactly what I wanted from the pictures I showed her. She was very accommodating and patient as I made changes and modifications; I'd describe interaction as casual and business-like (vs. warm and fuzzy). I've never attained flowers for a wedding before so I do not have anything to compare them by.  My initial impression was that everything was beautiful (bouquet, boutonniere, cake flowers, reception centerpieces), although my bouquet seemed somewhat aged  as it had some curled/wilted petals but this may be perfectly normal for roses. My family who received the delivery said that the delivery person was curt but that could be chalked up to a busy day (11/11/11). There were two disappointments: one being that I had received confirmation three times to come look at the flowers the day prior to my wedding between 3-6 PM.  So the day before my wedding I called en-route to verify and I was told that I could NOT see my flowers, as Wolz's was hosting a charity event!  That's great but why didn't I or my wedding coordinator (who had also been in touch with the florist multiple times) receive notice?!  The second disappointment was that I was told 1 bag of petals would be enough for scattering down the aisle and placing a few in petal bags for 10 guests; one bag was TINY - the contents of it are seen on the aisle in the picture.  But my amazing wedding coordinator quickly ran out and purchased some roses to de-petal so all worked out well in the end. I don't feel that my experience with Barbara and Wolz's was horrible, but I think it could have been better. Then again as I mentioned above, I've never dealt with a florist for a wedding order so my experience may have been better than most!
5	Went in not knowing exactly what I wanted, just that I wanted something really nice. Was immediately greeted by a gentleman who offered his assistance.  Told him I wanted something to compliment a beautiful lady. He said give him 5 minutes and he will have something nice made up. He went to work and made a beautiful arrangement that was beyond what I expected. I love giving flowers to my lady and this florist has just made themselves a loyal customer.
5	I use to do those internet orders for V-DAY for flowers. However those roses always blew. That and the fact that she's going to school out in Phoenix and I'm in SD made it a little more difficult.No problem, the good folks here took my phone order and my request, and delivered on time. The fact that they were definitely "gorgeous" according to the recipient was plus.
1	I ordered flowers for my friends graduation.  I called to place the order over the phone and had a budget of $75.  The picture I received of the flowers the next day was extremely disappointing.  The arrangement was poorly done and could have easily been placed for half the price using 1-800 Flowers or some other equivalent.  I would not recommend placing an order from here.
5	I needed to pick up some flowers for my lovely fiance.  I looked on Yelp for a good florist and Wolz's was the highest on the list.  They did not disappoint.  The price was reasonable.  The owners were very nice and we had a great conversation.  I was able to pick out the flowers that I liked.  My fiance really liked her flowers - the arrangement was beautiful.  Would definitely use again in the future.
5	Outstanding service, I needed a cornucopia of flowers and they made one right on the spot.
1	I often buy flowers for my S.O. and came across this flower shop as part of a local Yelp search. It had a high rating so I decided to give it a shot. I bought a bouquet of 12 roses and had them custom arranged. I gave the bouquet to my lady at 4 pm. By 10   Pm of the same day the flowers were dead and we were both very disappointed. This florist clearly overprices its flowers, has a poor selection, and seems very old in its style of pre made arrangements with a lack of attention to detail. Stay away.
5	I called last week to arrange to have flowers sent to a co-worker/friend and was working on a limited budget. Jim was SO helpful in listening to the situation. I gave him free reign after I explained her personality and budget and when the flowers were delivered, she posted a picture to Facebook so we got to see them also. They turned out so nice and she loved them! They absolutely looked like something she would have picked out for herself. I would definitely recommend!
4	Flowers were as ordered online and were ontime. Beautiful arrangement and great service.
4	The hubby uses Wolz's every year for my anniversary flowers. Think he has used them for all 20, and they have never let him down. Flowers are always gorgeous, fresh and creative.  It's a small business, and we always try to go small business over big chain.
5	A great find. They helped me out quickly when I was in a bind. Please visit these guys.  Highly recommended.
