5	I love this place.  The staff is super friendly and helpful.I see Dr. Lee, and she is amazing.  She knows her stuff and is straight-forward.  Not only that, but her personailty is great.  She will take the extra time and chat with you about anything.  She really makes patients feel comfortable.
5	Love Dr. Lee and the staff here!  Very thorough and knowledgable.
5	Our family has been going to Dr. Lee for over 10 years.  She is always very professional, through, and caring.  The staff is helpful and friendly.  There is a great selection of frames and the techs never make you feel rushed.  It is always a good experience.
5	SO helpful and friendly. Fixed my sunglass screws for free. Definitely will come back if I need anything else.
5	Both my husband and I have been going to Dr. Young for over 5 years and we love him!  He is friendly, knowledgable and prompt.  The staff is awesome too.  Highly recommend them.
5	The Optic Gallery has the highest level of expertise and customer care of all the service and care providers that I see.  You can expect to consistently get customer care and expert analysis regarding the health of your eyes.   The staff and owners are friendly and approachable and they always say please and thank you!  This is a real first class team!Jesse Ferrell
5	What a refreshing change... I needed some new contacts and wondered into this location. Got an appointment the next day Ith Dr. Lau. What can i say other than the whole experience was fantastic. Incredibly helpful desk staff, helpful aids and Dr. Lau took her time and walked me through my selections with great explanations. Thank You and you guys are First Class all the way.
5	I was in the area and realized I was over due for an eye exam. Since I didn't have plans to stop by, I wasn't prepared to initiate anything. To my surprise, when I asked to look at some frames, there were no questions asked and 2 reps helped me very diligently. No one even asked me if I was a patient there or anything before diving right in and helping me pick a frame that would go best with my face and style preference. Thank you Denise and Trudi for you help on this first visit. The day of my appointment, I was furthermore treated with hospitality from Dr. Young and Christy. Dr. Young really was listening when I told him concerns with my current contact brand. I even brought a sample set of contacts that I didn't know the brand of to give him an idea of what I wanted. Somehow, the same contacts I was given from another optometrist was better than the kind I was using. He recommended a brand that used the same material content or ratio as the sample and now, I'm sitting pretty with now eye strain, dryness, eye fatigue, or redness due to extended wear. Biofinity is the most comfortable and breathable contacts I've ever encountered and I'm glad my he didn't recommend any Accuve types either. (I know they don't work for me)Christy was such a delight, whenever we talk it's like chatting with a friend of mine. She even bothered to ask me about what contact solution I use. I was able to learn the importance of not scrimping on this type of thing. Especially, because it's compromising to the very things that give you sight! Whoa! Thanks for lookin' out Christy! :) Since I did all the hard work with Denise and Trudi on my previous visit, the day of my appointment was seamless and smooth for Christy to process my order and send my Rx to be done on my new frames!! I've never had such an easy time than this. I, one hundred percent, recommend coming here!
5	I'm a professional camera operator for film and television; my vision and eyesight is my livelihood and I trust them with my eyes as do other camera operators. Exceptional service, care and frame selections. The Optic Gallery is so good, we have friends that drive all the way from Los Angeles, nearly 300 miles each way to do business with them.  I needed my lenses for a big trip and when I asked if I could pay for the overnight shipping to save time there was no hesitation.  They have a fantastic staff who seem to care.
5	Located at Boca Park just off Ft. Apache & Charleston in the Summerlin area, Optic Gallery is a hidden gem to those unaware like myself.  I had recently gone to Lens Crafters for an eye exam...which was covered by my insurance, but unfortunately frames were not...so I had to look elsewhere.  I wont go into details about my good & bad experience with Lens Crafters, however I will tell you about my great experience with Optic Gallery.  Upon doing research online and making a few phone calls with my wife for a respectable place...we came upon Optic Gallery.  From the appearance outside it was a little intimidating and expensive looking, yet we decided to go in just to browse.  As soon as my wife and I entered, we were promptly greeted by the front desk.  I forgot her name but we asked her about our insurance coverage and how it would work for us.  She answered all my questions and did a print out and gave us Kristy to further help us with making a selection in glasses.  We were amazed at how clean the clinic/gallery looked.  It wasn't your usual Eye Glass world where things looked like they were not supposed to be placed.  They had a well amount of knowledgeable staff around to help customers. Staff were dressed professionally and clean.  The layout was beautiful and bright...just refreshing!  The place had a spacious waiting room for patients waiting to be seen...and in the backdrop you could see how neat patients files were kept and in order.   We were even offered cold bottles of water from their fridge...I almost thought I was at Desert Toyota Dealership...but boy just that little amenity was a great way to bring a smile to our face and great for a cool-off in this hot Las Vegas summer weather. Kristy began by asking us questions in what we were looking for or if we had any idea or previous consultations or prescriptions.  She then began to show us various brands and styles of glasses on display.  Boy they did have a nice selection on hand with various respectable brand names like Ray Ban, Prada, Gucci, Kenneth Cole, Hugo Boss just to name a few.  While helping us browse, she stayed with us practically the whole time, but she did not push any brand or style on me...rather she told me if I liked something we could hold on to them and look more to see if we can find something similar but better.  Kristy was great, she made conversations and jokes and lightened the mood.  My wife and I felt very comfortable and never rushed.  The customer service was great,  Kristy explained everything and even offered options where if we did not find the glasses we like, we could always order something else to be shipped in.  We had that personal one on one service that was outstanding! I couldn't even wait to write a review on Yelp...that my wife and I had complimented Kristy in helping us and being so nice.  She told us that their clinic was built on customer service and making the patient's and customer's experience a wonderful one.  We did find a pair we liked but we wanted to get a color and size that was not in stock, so we had it special ordered.The prices were reasonable, and in some cases were even cheaper than retail stores such as Lens Crafters.  Optic Gallery didn't even have TAX! Whatever the price was, that was it.  No hidden fees or anything.  When we did settle in to what we wanted, Kristy explained the options we had with lenses, types, anti-glare coatings and what not.  She did not try to sell us anything, but made recommendations and even suggestions in options she felt were not really necessary but had the choice to get what we wanted if we wanted something or not.  We paid for everything...and got a receipt and were told we would be given a call when my glasses come in. My wife and I definitely know where to go for our Eye Exams now.  We have seen great reviews for Dr. Young...and look forward for the other half of the great experience at Optic Gallery.  ***NOTE - (I WILL UPDATED THIS ONCE I RECEIVE MY GLASSES)***UPDATE - Glasses are great, fitment is alright.  My only gripe though is once in a while the screws come loose.  Seems I have to tighten the screws every 3-4 days...otherwise the lens might fall out.  I need to have this check though or get new screws.   I don't blame the customer service for this but hmmm I hope I can do something about this.  I will have to stop by their clinic
1	What a terrible office. I've had contacts since I was 16, so I'm not new to eye exams, glasses, or contacts. I've always paid out of pocket at Costco, but I have VSP now and decided to go to a place that accepted my insurance. This place is a ripoff.First off: Every office I have ever been to charges you for EITHER an eyeglass exam OR a contact lens exam. The contact exam costs more because it encompasses the eyeglass exam. Not this clever office. If you have contacts, they charge you for BOTH. This is the only place I have ever seen where they bill the eyeglass exam separate from the contact exam, thus resulting in two payments that you as the patient have to make.And the prices! $125 just for the eyeglass exam. Costco will charge you $65. An additional $75 for the contact exam. Costco charges $95 for the eyeglass AND contact exam combined. I did the math, the amount I ended up spending in co-payments at this office was HIGHER than just paying out of pocket for a contact exam at Costco and getting the measly refund insurance gives you when you go out-of-network. That's how big of a ripoff this place is. Don't even get me started on the prices for glasses and contacts. Basically anywhere else is cheaper. Secondly: As to the actual services I received. They are the only office I've ever seen that doesn't carry Acuvue brand. This wouldn't really be a problem, except the doctor came into the room and immediately started trying to get me to switch brands to Biofinity. I told her I really liked my Acuvue Oasys. She insisted Biofinity would be better. She never actually checked my eyes with my Acuvue lenses to see if they properly fit me. Every eye exam I have ever had, the doctor has checked my eyes with the lenses in to make sure they still fit properly, even when I've said I'm happy with what I have. Not this doctor, she was too intent on peddling Biofinity to me. I told her I'd rather stick with Acuvue. She told me she'd like me to try Biofinity for 2 weeks and come back then. I agreed. I went home wearing a pair of Biofinity lenses. I'm sure they are great for some people, but they made my eyes dry and itchy.I returned 2 weeks later and told her I still like my Acuvue Oasys better. The doctor shrugged and wrote me a prescription for Oasys. Then the clerk came and tried to shoo me out the door. At that point I couldn't keep silent any longer and I asked her, "Isn't the doctor going to actually check to see if the size of my Oasys is still correct? She never actually checked to see if the lenses I'm wearing still fit me." The clerk said it's not necessary because I was saying they still felt fine.So, to recap, I was charged an addition $75 for a contact lens fitting, and the doctor never even checked to see if the contacts I was wearing properly fit me!! She wrote me a prescription without doing a single inspection of my contacts. Save yourself a lot of money and get waaaaay better customer service, go to the Costco Optometry. Or really, anywhere else.
4	I have been seeing Dr. Young since I moved to Las Vegas 12 years ago.  He is very competent  & professional, spending as much time answering my questions as is necessary.  I don't have eyewear insurance, but they always give me a 20 % discount on frames and lenses.  Saying that, I rarely buy my frames there because I think they have such a limited selection.  They have hundreds of frames, and a variety of designers, but they almost all look the same to me (which is the only reason I gave 4 stars instead of 5)  So on several occasions I have taken my prescription elsewhere .  I have never been pushed to purchase from them, which I appreciate.  There are some optometrists that are less expensive, but the quality of the work and equipment here is worth a little extra expense.
5	Dr. Nair Borges ! Omg she is the sweetest and most helpful doctor! everyone was so helpful and i am so happy with the service they gave me :) I spent a little too much over my budget for a pair of prescription glasses but everything was worth it. i will highly recommend Dr. Nair Borges to everyone i know! Thank you so much Dr. Nair Borges and Optic Gallery for taking good care of me!
5	My wife and I were past due for an eye exam and an update on our glasses. Being relative newcomers to the area we turned to Yelp for a recommendation. We were not disappointed in our choice.Dr. Hilaire Pressley was outstanding. Not only is she personable, she was patient and thoroughly explained each test and our results. When it came time to select frames Nicole did a remarkable job recommending the perfect frames. Last time I selected frames it took hours of trial and error. This time we both ended up going with Nicole's recommendation.All in all a great experience. The entire staff was outstanding. We've found a new home for eye care.
