5	Wow! I am amazed! I just had my tooth pulled today and my dentist called to check up on me. Who does that? This dentist, along with an emergency phone contact incase of anything. Definately impresed.
5	I love my dentists. Dr. Adhikari and Dr. Dougherty are honest, gentle and fun. I was in and out with two rear fillings and a filling for a crack in my front tooth in 30 minutes and I was comfortable the whole time. Dr. Adhikari was gentle, made me laugh and I never feel like I'm being over charged. I'm always called and reminded of my appointment, the staff is ALWAYS friendly and their location is convenient. I love my teeth, my smile is what people know me for, and with these two dentists, I feel like I am in the best hands. I trust them completely and am so happy I get to visit them every 6 months!
5	I drive from DC Ranch area to see the staff at Artistic Dental. They are super friendly, professional, punctual, and don't push extra products on me. I've referred numerous new-Arizonians to this place.
5	I'm probably not a dentist or dental hygienists' dream.  I tend to not keep up with regular appointments and I'm ridiculously nervous in any area of the dentist office.  This has been my M.O. my whole life.  But my few experiences at Artistic Dental may have changed that for me.  Here's a few areas worth noting.The office.  Artist Dental has a beautiful office located in the Camelback Corridor area.  They provide a very relaxed, homey feel to their waiting area, where you have a choice of chilled bottled waters, keurig coffees and teas and various snacks.  I don't imagine anyone who was about to see the dentist take up any of these offers but it's nice to the have the option while waiting for someone else or as you're headed out of the office.  Additionally, they provide views from each dentist chair (not sure what they are called) so you can see the sky and the beautiful church across the street.  They also have water features and lots of greenery to help soothe the nerves.  :) Staff.  The staff is really remarkable.  They provide wonderful customer service and professionalism.  They certainly make you feel like they care about you and make you feel comfortable and let's face it, no one feels comfortable at the dentist office.Mary M. (dental hygienist), is one of the most kind, gentle and pleasant people I've been around.   She does an excellent job and shows remarkable patience for squirmy patients like me.  I've recently had the pleasure of working with Dr. Adhikari.  She has greatly helped with my fear of being in the dentist chair.  She's caring, patient and extremely funny which only makes the process that much easier.   I recently had to have a partial on my back molar and she made the process feel like a cake walk.  She explained all the steps, took a conservative approach and and established a relationship with me which made me feel at ease.   Because of Dr. Adhikari, I'm now brave enough to move forward with a dental issue I've been putting on the back burner for years.  Britni (Dental Assistant), was also a great pleasure to work with.  She is extremely professional but in a kind and gentle way. Additional, the office allows for fraidy cats like me to listen to music while having any work done, rather it's a cleaning or something like a crown and cozy up in their plush blankets to help relax the nerves.  :)The office of Artist Dental is a top notch office and I would highly recommend it as your dentist office too.
5	Eureka. Time to celebrate. I finally located a dental practice that I'm completely comfortable with -- after decades of searching. Yes, you read correctly, decades. Artistic Dental is staffed by the finest group of professionals I've ever experienced as a patient. Dr. Dougherty is exceptional -- not only procedurally as a dentist but also as a person. He truly cares about his patients -- whether it involves treatment or explaining options and the origin of problems. He possesses that rare combination of being professionally sound and personally competent. The office staff is just as friendly, professional, and accommodating. Really a great group of people. My hygienist, Kerry, is also first-rate -- thorough and dedicated to her work. I give Artistic Dental my highest recommendation -- something that I seldom, if ever offer. The dental practice is that superior. My only regret is that I didn't know about Artistic Dental decades ago.
5	I make the drive from Scottsdale to the biltmore just for this place. I've been loyal to them -- as they came in on a Friday night before I was leaving the country when I had a tooth emergency! Front office manager (Mary) is uber nice!!!
5	I have been coming to see Dr. Adhikari for about a year now. I was referred to her by a coworker when I was having troubles with previous dental work that had been completed somewhere else. The day I went to see her I was in tears in pain. She was very caring and as gentle as she could be. She took a conservative approach to fixing the issue. After a few visits, everything was fixed! No more pain! I now visit for my regular checkups. I have seen both Dr. A and Dr. Dougherty and I highly recommend both of them.
5	I have been seeing Dr. Dougherty for a couple of years.  In the past, I've had trouble with my teeth shifting, and as a result, did not like my smile.  After working with Dr. Dougherty, I now have a smile that I am proud of. Just recently, I had two complete strangers come up to me to tell me "how pretty" my smile was, and that I had "beautiful teeth".  WOW. I owe a BIG thanks to Dr. Dougherty for these compliments. I highly recommend him and his staff.
1	Time for another riveting review for all my fellow Arizonians!Let's start by saying I have had dental issues for many years and in that time have seen MANY dentists!When the time finally came to have some serious dental work done  I chose Artistic Dental as I have seen his work on 2 people and was impressed with their results.Both of these people had many teeth extracted and partials and or full plates done.I do realize it is a lab that makes them not the officeI am very nervous going to dentists simply because I know the pain they are capable of inflicting, When I met Dr Daugherty I found him to be friendly and comforting.  The staff was wonderful and did everything they could to relieve my anxiety!We came up with a game plan and part of that was to remove some teeth.Let's talk prices for a moment.. Keep in mind the office is in the Biltmore area...need I say more?  Location and cost does not guarantee better work.They are more expensive than any dentist I have seen but....they say you get what you pay for and my smile is very important to me.I decided to let him do my top teeth and if the results were positive I would let him do the bottoms.It was several weeks before I was to start the work and I had a terrible toothache so I went in and  told Dr Dougherty which tooth was hurting and requested he pull it and that would make one less to be pulled in a few weeks.When he was done I looked in the mirror and was horrified to find he pulled the WRONG tooth!Because of this I was embarrassed to smile in fear my big gap would be seen since the tooth was toward the front.Although the Doctor apologized I had lost my faith in him and was now petrified to have the remaining work done...When the time came I put on my "big girl pants" and went back for the other extractions .  I made it clear how nervous I was and Dr Dougherty assured me he would be gentle and I wouldn't feel any real pain......HE WAS WRONG !So  what would have happened if he told me the truth?  I now felt lied to ... So let's add things up to this point:He pulled the wrong toothHe lied to meHis prices are exsorborant Moving on... When I paid for the top work I had given them the full amount to cover top and bottom from the estimates they gave me... Although the estimates seemed to keep changing! The top teeth, although beautiful simply did not fit right... Even after the alignment ... and the only way to fix it would be to drive the 28 miles each way to his office and leave iit with him and make the same drive back to get them with no guarantees .I decided to just deal with them and find a new dentist.  After my experience I put the dentist off for over a year and found a wonderful new dentist close to my houseWhen I told this new dentist of my anxiety he was HONEST with me and said there may be some pain for a very short time during injections but they would do their best to distract me.What do ya know... Honesty... And it didn't kill either of us in fact I trusted him completely after that At Artistic dental AFTER insurance I would be responsible for appox $1800.00!!!!!!My new dentist did the same work for $725.00 after insurance!!  Saving me $1075.00!!!I called Artisic dental and told them I would like the $800.00 approximate  money they were holding sent back to me so I could get the work done.I also requested a refund of the "alignment" since it didn't correct the problem. I was told they would speak with Dr and call backI got a call back and surprise surprise it seems they had a bookkeeping error almost 2 years ago and never billed something therefore they only owe me appox $300.00EXCUSE ME....WHAT? !I asked her why they are just finding this error now and why they have had my money for almost 2 years and never bothered to call and ask if I wanted it or if I was ever going to come in again.I told her that was unacceptable and their error from long ago just won't cut it nor should I be held responsible I had mentioned to her it would cost me $ 725.00. to have work done and I agreed to accept that and put this experience in the past .. Until.... Yesterday.I was with my friend who had her work done at Artistic Dental and she also told me of her " BILLING ERRORS" she had with their office and that is why she has not been back.If you are looking to whiten your teeth or do cosmetic work I am sure Artistic will work for you.... But I would think twice about letting them do any serious work. My last words of advise are.... Check their billing!!! Make sure they are billing your insurance only once and that you are getting the credits!On that note I will say...Live each day as though it were your last and.... ENJOY!
5	I have been going to Artistic Dental for a few years and they are fantastic. From the front office to the dentists everyone is warm and friendly and always helpful. I see Dr. Dougherty and my kids see Dr. Adhikari and both are excellent about making you feel comfortable. I also love that they up on the latest treatments and provide everything from general dental care to cosmetic and ortho. I recently needed a crown and they were able to do everything onsite that day - no labs or waiting a week or two and having to schedule another appointment. They are conveniently located in the Biltmore area, but I would travel to see them, if I had to. If you are looking for a dentist, I would highly recommend.
5	Hands down this is the best dental office I have been to in Phoenix. I've been looking for a dentist I liked for 4 years and have FINALLY found one. Their office is nice and comfortable, but isn't so glamorous that you think "OMG they are obviously too expensive if they can afford an office like this!" The office staff is friendly, courteous and accommodating with my schedule. The hygienists are really nice, professional and treated my mouth with ease while giving me a great cleaning. I saw Dr. Adhikari. She was great and made me feel like she had my best interest at heart. She took her time with me and made sure I was well informed about my teeth before she finished with me. You will be happy you chose this dental office.
1	Thank you for all the emails you sent me on my review! I was surprised at how many responses I recieved from people searching for the right dentist..I shared my new dentist information and even got some movie tickets from my dentist for the referrals!I find it funny how since I wrote this review how many people have reviewed with 5 stars... They must have a lot of friends and family! I hope everyone reads my review and picks the right dentist for your needs!Happy Holidays
