4	If you've been looking for a dry cleaner with awesome hours and reasonable prices, then you need to head over to Thunderbird Cleaners.I've been settling for awhile when it came to dry cleaning.  I had a tough time finding any dry cleaner open past 5 or 6, so, I paid hefty prices to a dry cleaner that delivered to my office. No more!Thunderbird is open until 7! Yes, 7!  So, now I can actually pick my stuff up on my way home from work.  You'd think this would be the norm, but it's not.They also charge $2.50 per item for dry cleaning, excluding leather, formals, and suede.  There is also same day service if you drop your stuff off before 9:00 a.m.  So, not only are they convenient, they're also cheap and fast!  I'm in love.
5	The service is outstanding. I have been to many dry cleaners, and this by far is the best I have been too.The hours are fantastic for those who work early in the morning. They open at 7am. Then your clothes are ready by 4pm. Fantastic.My clothes have never been better. They are fresh perfectly pressed. And you can't beat their prices!
5	Thunderbird Cleaners has become my new cleaners! I was initially attracted by the price- $2.50 per item, but my overall experience was quite excellent.  Customer service was so friendly and pleasant that I left with a smile on my face before even getting my clothes back.  I was a bit nervous because I saw a sign that said that they could not be responsible for trim work or fancy items on garments, and one of my dresses had beads and feathers, but the clerk (I think he may have been the manager/owner) assured me that they would be able to handle it without any problems. Besides having great rates, service and being convenient for me (on Tropicana and Grand Canyon), they have really good hours of operation: 7a-7p.  So many cleaners either open too late or close too early, and I've found myself rushing after work to collect my garments. They also have same day service if you drop your clothes off by 9am.  Even if you don't, the clothes will be ready the next day!When I went back for my items, I was very satisfied. Everything was fresh and wrinkle-free.  I can't ask for any more in a cleaners!
5	Great service at great prices.  Laundered shirts are $1.75 each and the service is fast.  If you drop it off before 9 am it will be ready by 4 pm the same day.
1	I should have known better! The first time I went there, a woman was at the counter in tears because Thunderbird had altered her entire new collection of jeans WAY too short.  But I was in a rush and just needed a cleaning, and that went fine.The second time they charged me $3.25 for a cleaning when the advertised price is $2.50. I thought, whatever, it's still a good price, and the language barrier was too frustrating to argue over 75 cents.However, on a subsequent visit and drawn by their low prices, they pretty much ruined one of my corsets.  A seam had burst about 2 inches long above the boning and they said they could fix it.  The first time I picked it up, the seam was still gaping.  I had my man return it the next day and he said he found the lady who worked there intoxicated and unable to write a ticket or comprehend the problem.  She even tried to negotiate a price for the subsequent repair.  Not too surprisingly, when I picked up the corset a second time, the 'fix' was done haphazardly as if a child had stitched it with needle and thread.  Ridiculous business practices, I say, foul.
1	I have been using this cleaner for the past 3 month. I like the speed of their service, but the quality of services are generally bad.  Most of the stains remain after each cleaning.  Well, unlike most other cleaners, the people there don't stain mark the garment when taking them in. I brought back one suit jacket this afternoon, for a pressing issue(the lapel was not pressed correctly which shows the back of one button when the suit was unbuttoned ). But the owner(the guy, the lady is nicer) told me that they are not responsible once the garment leaves the shop. Now, are there any of you guys  willIng to go back to a business who will not stand behind their product and services?  I know I won't, I'm going to, in fact, I just took my business some where else.
4	I've been using Thunderbird cleaners for about a year and am pleased with the service.  I appreciate the fact they are friendly and courteous.  That's important to me.
1	Poor customer service . I'll never go back there again or refer anyone.
5	I just can't find any other dry cleaner that can beat their prices and speedy service. I also haven't had an issue with the quality or customer service. They are always very kind and efficient. Plus, if you drop off an item before 9am, it's ready at 4pm.
5	Awesome customer service and very reasonable. Same day service, in before 9:00am and out by 4:00pm.
1	I've been going to this cleaners since I moved to the area about six months ago. Their service is fast, but maybe too fast, as at least twice a month I get shirts back with my collar buttons ripped out of the shirt, leaving a sizable hole that makes it difficult to replace the button in the same spot. Never mind the downtime of getting the shirt repaired. Which by the way was never done when they said it would be. Annoying, but not a deal breaker as long as they fix it. What was more annoying was that the woman that typically receives my garments when I drop them off does not pay attention to a word you tell her about what is to be laundered and what is dry cleaned. I guess this ability to be obviously obtuse and disregarding comes in handy when your clothes are damaged and she does not want to accept any responsibility. She always made it seem like she was doing me some favor in repairing them and glossed over the fact that is was them that caused the damage. Even charged me to clean the shirt again even though it had obviously not been worn. Fast  forward to a couple of weeks ago. As usual, not paying attention when I asked for a brand new Tommy Bahama silk shirt to be dry cleaned, the lady seemed to put it in with the laundered items. Sure enough, when I picked it up, it fit my size zero wife better than it did me. I brought it back and they insisted that some garments do shrink even when dry cleaned. I own several other TB silk shirts and this shrinking has never been an issue. Unless of course they somehow got mixed in with my laundry and went through a wash and dry cycle. The woman's solution was to stretch the shirt. When I got the shirt back, again not when they promised it, there was no change in the size, just now that all the seams were obviously out of whack and the shirt was completely ruined. When I returned to the store I spoke with the man and as he examined the shirt said "it does not stretch, so it could not have shrunk." Interesting, since that was their solution when I first pointed out the shrinkage. To "stretch" it, which never sounds like a good idea with an expensive garment. This was after his wife walked away in mid conversation and started helping a another customer. Again completely disregarding my hard to break arguments about what happened to the shirt. To shorten a long tale of woe, I came to no resolution with them. They had offered to give me a credit for my next visit, but that wasn't acceptable since they would still admit no fault and I wasn't about to bring any clothes back there anyway. I guess I will call it a $100 lesson and move on. Hopefully my review will save someone else the headache.
1	I have been using this cleaners for awhile and after this last visit I don't think I will come back again. I got pants altered that I know they over charged me for and they were not ready at the time promised. They told me to come back next day as early as 7am, I went at 5pm and still my pants were not ready. There is a new Russian girl that I've never seen there before who is a complete B word. I think it's the owners mistress and that's why his wife isn't there anymore. It's a shame she was really nice too. Also when I picked up my dry cleaning some buttons had popped off and they told me they would not fix for free and if I wanted another option to get fabric glue and glue them. Umm ok wow never coming back thanks for nothing
5	Great service and great price!!! Such a nice staff...you won't find another cleaners with a nicer staff!
5	Absolutely lovely gentleman at the front desk, beautiful work and very reasonable prices. willing to go above and beyond for customers, which is rare nowadays. facility smelled clean instead of industrial/ chemical like most dry cleaners. All my business will go here from now on.
1	Poor customer service. Paid at drop off (since they have a sign that reads "you must pay before!") When I went to pick up my items they said I hadn't paid. I didn't have receipt on me so I pulled up my credit card transactions to show them. They didn't want that. And would not realease my clothes untill I paid again! They got lucky I needed my clothes. I paid AGAIN but will filling an unauthorized transaction against them to get my money back! STAY AWAY!! RIP OFFS!!
