5	Love this place!  Great food, awesome vibe. Lots of room and free wi-fi too!  Looking forward to all the great things they are going to be bringing in too! (hint...like a wine bar!)
5	It's my new coffee place!  I would recommend the Bistro Latte with an extra shot - it reminds me of Vietnamese coffee. Great food and awesome service!   I highly recommend!
5	Main Points:-Nice decor, great selection of drinks-Affordable and tasty breakfast and lunch-Welcomed addition to Queen Creek diningReview:As a fan of The Deli, I was excited to try this place and it did not disappoint.  The Bistro, although currently a little difficult to find due to lack of real signage, is a cute and trendy little bistro with a great selection of drinks and good options for breakfast and lunch.  If you're familiar with the Deli's signature carrot cake, good news, they offer it here too!  The cashier caught me drooling and immediately knew why, so obviously I'm not the only fan.My hubby ordered the special of the day which was frozen berry iced tea and a loaded bagel breakfast sandwich with turkey,egg, cheese, and pesto...both were tasty!  I got the chai latte with vanilla, and though my latte was a little sweet for my taste, they were happy to adjust it to my liking (I tend to like less sugar, no fault of the drink).  I also got the quiche which came with a salad for $5, great deal!I give this place a 5 because for the location, locally produced food/teas, drink selection, ambiance, and friendly staff, it is a place I will definitely come back to.  They also have free wi-fi, maybe my next Yelp review will be written there over another one of their delicious drinks!
4	My wife and I visited The Bistro on a Thursday morning, June 26, around 9:00 am.  We came for the $1 coffee special and because we like local places, but we ended up ordering food and trying out this recently opened place.  My wife had the bacon quiche was good but came out cold;  even the second time parts of it were barely warm.  It was a $5 special which was nicely priced for the portion.  I had the biscuits and gravy full order which consisted of two biscuits sliced in half and covered with sausage gravy all served in a large pasta bowl type dish. I enjoyed this dish.  The gravy seemed very real as opposed to out of a packet that I can make at home.  The gravy contained small sliced pieces of sausage which was fine with me but it was not the crumbled ground sausage that you often see.  It felt like a nice homemade dish of biscuits and gravy.  It was $6.Besides the cold quiche and lack of any sort of "sorry" from the staff, my only other real complaint is the ordering process we experienced.  I realize that they had only opened about a week ago, but while we read their menu on a black chalkboard behind their counter and decided on our order at the counter, all four employees basically stood there watching us and waiting.  It just felt odd and uncomfortable with all four watching us. Overall it was a pleasant experience.  The atmosphere setting inside is nice with lots of windows and a quiet setting.  There is room for improvement but if they are anything like The Deli, then they will improve and it will be a nice spot.I'd like to give it 3.5 stars because after my first visit I'm somewhere between "A-OK" and "I'm a fan".  Improving customer service and serving a quality product will serve them well here for much success in the future.
5	A great place to stop and relax for some good food and coffee!  As someone who works from home, I am constantly searching for places like this.  A great atmosphere, friendly staff, with delicious food and great coffee.  Everything is very reasonably priced and they use lots of fresh ingredients and have very creative menu items.  Great looking deserts too that I'm looking forward to trying.  They have paninis, salads, pizza, breakfast items, and lots of great appetizers.  Let's make sure that great places like this stay open in Queen Creek!
4	Fantastic!  Breakfast burritos are huge and tasty.  The sandwiches are huge too.  Had a lox board and it was delicious,  brought back some good memories.  Fresh ingredients too.  The staff is very friendly and eager to please.  Open daily which is a huge plus on my book!
4	Came here for breakfast had the eggs benedict, breakfast burrito and iced latte.  All were very tasty.  Looking forward to trying the quiche.  Hope it stays open, the signage isn't very visible.
5	WOW !! The Bistro is now one of my favs places to eat, food delicious & fresh, reasonably priced & the co-owners, mike & jackie, just great people, made me feel at home !! anyone who knows me on FB, please go to eat there, you will not be disappointed !!! the crew at the bistro, many thanks !!
4	Finally an authentic place to eat in Queen Creek. There's nothing cookie cutter about this place which is refreshing. They have a small menu but why they do they do well. A very cozy environment.
5	Tasty food and great coffee! Love this place! I will definitely be back, the owner is an awesome guy and the food is always great.It is a laid back environment and I wish I cod spend every lunch here!
5	Excellent fresh meals; tasty ingredients. Great variety on the menu ... We've had the quiche twice and both times, delicious! Great coffee and teas, hot or iced; full coffee bar.  Nice decor, comfortable feel to the dining room. Nice patio too for cooler weather :) staff are helpful and take good care of you during your visit.
5	Love this place. It's a little closer to me than the Deli, so I'll probably end up coming here more often. I always get the salads. They are fresh and crisp. Kids love the other foods. Their menu is expanding too. Sandwiches & flatbreads & breakfast foods. Yummy!
5	I've been here for coffee and lunch with friends. Great, relaxing atmosphere! Food is great!
5	My friends and me eat here twice a week , sometimes more , relaxing atmosphere , fast friendly service , prices are the best . I get the boards ,antipasto board and vegetarian are to die for . My husband gets the pizza and say they are they best .So much food , big portion .. Never feelings we have to eat and run , we eat enjoy , laugh ,and talk to the workers .
5	They are now open for dinner Thursday - Sunday!  Come out and support this local restaurant. It's great to have non-chain restaurant options here in QC. The food is excellent.
5	Everything was amazing! Very generous portions. Breakfast burrito was enough for two adults to share.  Must try!!!!
4	So far so good. This was my first visit to the bistro. My wife and I came for breakfast and got the mozzarella, tomato pesto Panini. I thought it was a bit expensive but it was very good tasting and they split it for us when they brought it out. They gave us nice cold water.I liked the atmosphere, it was clean and simple. I liked that they didn't have a bunch of used garbage for sale like the previous businesses in this location.I hope this place sticks around. Here's my advice on how to do that: 1) lower your prices a bit. 2) keep up the good work of making quality food, 3) consider staying open later so people could enjoy coming in for dinner
4	The biscuits and gravy were delicious. Great tea and coffee selection. The prices were reasonable. Also had the sausage breakfast burrito, it was ok and the quiche which was pretty good. Will be back.
4	We found the Bistro on Yelp and thought we would try it since it had good reviews. We definitely would not have found this place otherwise. The breakfast burritos were really good, good size and served with plenty of salsa. We also tried the carrot cake which was excellent, very moist and the frosting was not to sweet, great balance. We will be back.
5	My two sons and I went yesterday for lunch- we ordered wraps and a panini- they were all wonderful and the tropical tea was great also. The people working were so sweet and attentive!! We will be back for sure:)
1	i will never go back the lady behind the counter that makes the food was rude and out of order by screaming at us because my son was a little loud (hence he's a 2yr old ) not much you can do to quite them up . either way the way the lady screamed at us and made us feel is a reason that i will never be back if the message was delivered better or asked politely that would have been a different story but screaming at the top of your lungs at a 2yr old is not the way you do buisness if you have a kid please save your self the hassle of feeling disrespected and belittled because you have a kid apparently our money is no good there !
3	Just finished my lunch here. First visit. Nice relaxed atmosphere. I had the very tasty butternut squash bisque and a chicken Caesar salad. The salad was quite big but the dressing was not your typical flavor...not bad just a departure from the norm. I washed it down with one of thier featured iced teas, a lemon raspberry something. Honestly, I can only give 3 stars at this time based mainly on price. My total with tax & tip was $20!At least I got a refill on my tea.
5	Fantastic! Great service and great food! You can tell they really care about quality and consistency! I recommend this place to many friends!
2	We were excited to try the bistro since it was in our area and they had a craft beer selection. We were also excited to see that it was kid friendly according to Yelp. However when we arrived they did not even have a high chair. They did have a good craft beer selection although it was only six beers on tap. The worst part of our experience however was our waitress  who also happens to be the owner's wife. She was unfriendly and did not make us feel welcome at all. Had we known it was not a kid friendly establishment we never would have come. The food in our humble opinion was average at best. Considering the poor customer service and the lack luster food we will not be back.
5	Fantastic food and coffee.  One of the only places that serves an actual cold brewed coffee.  The veggie board is my all time favorite.  Fast service for such a small cafe.
5	Found on Yelp shortly after arriving at Mesa. All the foods we tried were delicious, beautifully served, and perfectly portioned! The bonus? The Chardonnay!
1	Worst worst customer service experience ... If you have kids I highly recommend not to visit this place. Me and my husband had visited his place with our son twice and liked the food we even recommended this place to our friends .. After a day at the park we took went to eat there with our friends and their two little girls .. The kids where joyfully laughing and talking and the lady from behind the counter SCREAMED OUT LOUD ... NO SCREAMING!!!#  as to make things anymore awkward when the one year old started blabbing out loud she said CANT THEY JUST BE QUITE!!!  We quickly got up and started leaving their place. I approached lady to let her know there was better ways to approach the situation than screaming across the restaurant and she said I won't allow people to bring their kids and scream at my restaurant so I'm guessing it was her restaurant. Makes sense why they don't have high chairs. Last time we will ever visit this place. Not to mention we where the only ones at the restaurant and a couple who was sitting outside. By the time we were out an older couple showed up but no one else was there so the one with the problem with the kids was apparently the owner . If her way to deal with loud baby's is by being an a rude adult who screams across her restaurant than I guess that's her way of doing business. They should consider where their business is located as 80% OF THEIR SURROUNDING IS NEIGHBOORHOODS WITH FAMILY'S WITH YOUNG KIDS ...
5	Super good and very fresh tasting. I had one of the best Pannini's I have ever had here. Also the chai latte is amazing. Very casual atmosphere
4	So far, the foodI have had at the Bistro is very good. We have been there twice - 1st for bfast and my husband enjoyed the quiche, and we both enjoyed my bfast burrito. I only wished my burrito would have come with some nice greens like his quiche did.  Our last visit was for a light early dinner. They have good happy hour prices on house wine, sangria and beer. White sangria was good. We started with hummus and flat bread, then caprese salad, ending with Mediterranean flatbread. I felt the magnificent caprese lacked balsamic but otherwise was quite good. For a small local business their food is good, unfortunately their customer service is lacking.  Both times we visited we were one of two tables. Neither time were we asked if we had been there before. If the owner was there you would have no idea. I would expect a small business like this to reach out to their customers especially when they had so few. Our wait person tried but it was evident she had no training. Adding some personality and a genuine thank you to the customer would go a long way to helping this business succeed. I will go back for the food, delicious. I just hope the lack of customer service doesn't kill them.
5	Cute appearance with nice patio and inside.  Food really good as well as coffee.  Not snobby, great place to hang out on the patio and have a drink (coffee, iced tea, or wine).  Wish we would have tried this place earlier.  Across parking lot from Serranos (in back).  Great addition to QC.  Enjoying ourselves on the patio with Ice teas in December!  Listening to Marvin Gaye.
4	First of all after reading the reviews I was so happy to try out the bistro.  I am tired of restaurants in Queen Creek were the parents allow their kids to scream all dinner long and make the dinning experience miserable for everyone else.  The lady behind the bar yelled at one kid to stop screaming and I was so happy she did.  The food is great and worth the prices.  The reason I put 4 stars is because the wine list could be a little bigger, but I am sure this will increase over time.  Great place to go in Queen Creek.
4	Best coffee in the area! I had their red velvet latte today and nothing else even compares. Friendly employees and cozy atmosphere inside too! My only complaint is it's a little pricey. I'm also a little surprised they don't have any high chairs, but overall I'm happy to give them my business and I will definitely be back!
1	Not kid friendly; staff unpleasantly unfriendly. Will give it another shot one day...but for now, 1 star...
4	Pros: Yummy food, nice place, a good variety of food, good environment. Cons: Not very friendly (the waitress), and they don't have highchairs!  I think this is the only place I've ever been to without highchairs.
4	Great cafe for breakfast and coffee in Queen Creek Arizona.  It is located in the Village on the Greens just off Ellsworth.  I love their breakfast burritos with bacon and a little potatoes.
