5	Some of you may remember Sushi House Manda from back in the day when they were located on West Sahara Ave, near the World's Largest Gift Shop. Since then, they've moved west to South Ft. Apache Road, sharing property with Doc Holliday's Saloon. If you're like (the old) me, you're probably wondering how fresh fish can be sitting in the middle of a desert. Now before you get your panties in a bunch, give me a chance to show you some pics and explain...This all-you-can-eat sushi powerhouse has gone through major upgrades to create the ambience that you will find at their new location. When you enter the building, just turn left to see what you've been missing (Doc Holliday's is to the right).Read my complete column (with photos) here:http://www.world-wide-ed.com/2006/04/01/vegas-kine-grindz/
5	I do remember!  One of the best sushi places I've ever been too.  Unfortunately, I don't think business was good for them when they moved here from their old spot right off of Sahara.   Yes this place is closed.  :(  I want it back!!!
5	Yes this place was the best I wish Jimbo would re-open again in las vegas. I live in LA but my friends and i would fly in just for the sushi here. It was the best, little rice, big slices of fish. tasty roles.To bad the new smoking law had them close shop, it was inside a bar at Doc holidays. The all you can eat was the best.
5	I looking for Jimbo or Leslie or any of the old crew. Please email me. I been eating at Manda since I was 16 yrs old in the early 90s. I was a regular until moving away to the Phoenix area. After many trips back to Vegas for Jimbos sushi and to see family I was sad to hear the old place was closing until a new place was found. I recieved an email from Crystal I believe and was told the new location. We headed to Vegas for some sushi. I was amazed when I walked in at the new look. It was beutiful!  After going there for a few times when we were in town me and a few friends found out the hard way they were closed. Some time short after life threw me a bad one and I spent almost a year in one hospital or another from AZ to MD and now left disabled for some time. So my point is I lost touch with all of them over time. I was told over a year ago that Jimbo was at some place on Decatur but I don't remember where. If you can email me if you know where I can find Jimbo I would treat you to Sushi. I'm serious!!!  Miss you guys so much. You all were more than food to me and were a big part of me being raised and growing up in Las Vegas. brokenrt@gmail.com
