3	I will also agree that this place has great food.  However, I've been warned by regulars that the owner will often try to charge you for something extra while you aren't paying attention.  If you think your bill is a dollar or two high, it just might be.
3	Pretty decent middle eastern fare. The shelves were mostly empty when I went there, but they had some take home items available like tahini, fozen pita and baba ganoush. Your choice of wraps or plates; fresh ingredients tasty and authentic. Big minus is the locale.There was, of course, the usual loud arabic banter going on between staff (typical of the culture, bound to freak out the local southern belles)heh heh.
2	Good falafel, tabbouleh, hummus... But the prices kill it for me. Decent sides and salads, also expensive, and for take-aways like pickles and pita, once again, pricey. There are better alternatives that are of this quality and much cheaper and are literally, right around the corner.
3	Definitely under new management, and the dining area has been totally redone. Big, comfy chairs, dangling bistro lighting, it's somewhat comfier.The menu has changed quite a bit - this learns more towards Turkish than anything else, and has some interesting options for you meaters. Veg fare hasn't budged, and neither have the prices, but the quality and portion size have improved some. Falafel now comes with a smidge of hummus on the side, which is a nice touch.Everyone that waited on me was very tall, female, and beautiful, in that awesome Mediterranean way, so there's that.
2	I've eaten at this location since 1997/98, so I know what I'm talking about. First, the place is under new management and the renovations are awesome. My first visit for lunch since the changes was great. Unfortunately, I thought dinner would be the same and it was borderline terrible. My falafel was cold and one side was a cheaper substitute for the tabouleh that I'm accustomed to having. Other patrons complained that their food was cold as well (which had to be reheated). My appetizer came near the end of dinner, the baklava was ridiculously small and the pitas I purchased were completely molded 3 days later. I've been a loyal customer for more than 10 years. It will be a long, long time before I ever go back and I won't recommend my friends eating here until I see improvement.
