4	I don't really want to brag about needing to run out to a see a doctor, but I really do want to recommend this Nextcare.  I don't have a primary care physician, and I don't want to wait at an emergency room.  So when I need medical attention for a non life-threatening situation, a place like this is where I go.The desk staff is friendly and wise enough not to ask "How are you doing?"  I'm in an urgent care.  The answer can't be good.  They just say hello and ask "Do you need to be seen?"  The answer to that is also fairly obvious, but nevertheless a much smarter question.  I filled out the forms and went from the waiting room to an exam room in just a couple of minutes.As the other reviewer mentioned, everyone is professional and prompt.  I felt very comfortable with the staff.  And other than the wait to see the doctor (which we all know is typically long anywhere), I wasn't stuck at Nextcare for a very long time.  I was diagnosed, given a prescription, paid and left in a little more than a half hour.The one negative I can point out is the suite is a little dated.  The building is nice, but the actual office feels old.  I've been to Nextcares which don't use paper anymore, and are a lot nicer.  It's not a bad environment.  It could just use a little bit of updating.  But when you're at a doctor's office, that's the least of your problems.  The place is clean and organized, which is all anyone should really need.
1	By far the worst experience i've ever encountered. The front dest lady had the WORST customer service skills i've ever experienced! I checked in online and when I arrived she was incredibly rude and looked and me like she did not know what I was talking about! I tried showing her my confirmation email then to my amazement she asked me what I expected her to do about it !! I told her it's fine I'll just wait to be seen. As i'm sitting in the waiting room I hear that same receptionist talking to another patient about how she does not like the online check in because you are " cutting" the patients who have been sitting there waiting! She continued to talk bad and loudly about it as I was sitting right there! I could not believe what had happened I imminently left and went to another urgent care where I was treated with respect! If the Urgent Care is going to have a check in where they tell you when to come. It would be a good idea to make sure your staff is on the same page!!! I'll take my business else where!
2	Staff is very friendly and professional, the wait is excruciatingly long and the place is like a ghost town. Not sure I would come back.....
5	Doctor's office not open on a weekend? This IS your place for you to stop by if you need immediate med attention - stat.Clean, cheap (if you're insured) and comprehensive.NOTE: Book an appointment online and complete your pre-forms ahead of time. Trust me. ;)
2	Not a great experience. My doctor was curt and rushed me out with cryptic instructions on first visit and follow-up visit. Treatment was not effective and I ended up having to go somewhere else.They are difficult to get a hold of as you are routed through a call center even during business hours.
1	This place is probably good for stitches or colds but I found it unprofessional and useless. Went in for a simple problem that was highly misdiagnosed. Good thing we didn't trust the prognosis and double checked with a real doctor. Also, I didn't think the place appeared very clean in the lobby and the receptionist was very indifferent and slightly rude. The place closed at 7 and he was telling everyone that it was going to be a long wait (1.5 hours) when it was averaging only a half hour. She just wanted to be sure she went home on time. Someone actually came In at 7:03 and she turned them away. Someone should explain to her that they weren't there for dinner, they needed help. I guess the place would be okay if the dropped the 'Care' from their name. I would not recommend this place and will never return. They also overcharged me for the co-pay. They can keep it. I dread just talking with the receptionist again... She was mentally draining.
4	Overall not bad. The PA was nice and attentive. The front desk person was cold and didn't want to be there but I was in and out in under and hour.
4	Agree with the previous reviewer, Mathew L.  Overall,  pretty satisfied.  I've had a misfortune of having to visit here couple times this summer (2014) and the wait time wasn't  very long both times. I thought the staff was attentive and friendly unlike previous reviews (but those reviews were from 2+ years ago, so they must have new staff) and i was seen by the PA or NP in timely manner. They have additional diagnostic tools such as xray equipment unlike some of the other urgent cares I've been to. It's conveniently located close to 101 and shea.
2	Only redeeming quality: short wait times.Other than that, expect to go in with ABC symptoms and be diagnosed with XYZ. After I went in with horrible abdominal pains, the PA looked at me, assumed it was heart burn, and shooed me out. A blood test would have revealed I had high lipase enzymes, indicative of pancreatitis. I found this out when I had to go to the ER for the unbearable pain. Had the PA done any due diligence, I would have gotten the necessary care sooner.Your nearest ER probably has more qualified and caring staff to assist you with your ailments.
