3	This location is decent. I've noticed the tables are always clean which is not the norm for a lot of fast food places. If you go through the drive thru they are not super fast so expect to wait a few minutes and that's even if you're the only car there.  The food is fine.  I'm a sucker for a Bacon Western Cheesburger and I love their fried zuchinni!  YUM!  Their milkshakes are pretty darn good too.  They have the standard chocolate, strawberry and vanilla but every month they have a special shake.  I had a Banana Cream Pie shake that was sooooo yummy!  I highly recommend it!  Thanks Carl's Jr.
1	1 car in the drive thru = 15 minutes
5	Carl's Jr.....Good place for burgers.  I always enjoy their guacamole burger which is grubtastic!  ;)  This location is also pretty quick about serving their food especially when your on your lunch break which is an advantage over other locations I've been to.  Place is neat, clean, and staff are friendly.  :)
4	Not too much can be said about a burger joint so I'll share something not everyone may know. They have veterans discounts every day. Just bring in something to prove it and you get a discount.Oh, and their ice-cream cookies are delicious.
1	Every 5-6 months I get an uncontrollable urge for a Super Star with Cheese.  Only because it was my go-to burger growing up in So Cal and I have a tiny little spot for that burger in my heart.  So, I got that urge this evening and headed on down to this Carls Jr.  I've been to this one 3-4 times over the past couple of years - and have had similar experiences each time.First, there were exactly 2 cars in front of me in the drive through.  And exactly two cars in the parking lot - which were probably employee cars.  12 minutes after placing my order, I finally pulled up to the window.  The car that was two in front of me had an ice cream shake handed to them and the one directly in front of me had a bag of goodies handed to them. Why it took so long, I have no idea.The dude at the drive through needs to learn some customer service skills.  When I drove up, he looked at me and mumbled "kldoidlp".  I said "what?"  He then said "ketchup?".  No "sorry for the wait".   No "hello".  No repeating my order to me to make sure it was right.  Just "ketchup?"  I said "ummm.... sure".  He told me my amount, took my card, ran it, gave it back to me, stuffed a few ketchups into the bag that he was holding in his hand and handed it to me with my receipt.  He didn't thank me.  He didn't say "F you", he didn't say ANYTHING.  Simply handed me my bag.  It's usually automatic for  me to say "thank you" even when purchasing something, but I stopped myself this time.  His name was Cameron (according to the receipt).  Hey Cameron, buddy.  You need some serious customer service lessons.  Ask your manager or the corporate headquarters if maybe they could get you some training.  Because you lost a customer tonight.  And judging from the total lack of activity at 6:15 PM at your restaurant, I'm going to take a leap here and guess y'all can't afford to lose too many more customers.The burger was good by the way.  Just how I remember it.  However, not good enough to overcome the horrible service.
1	Keep driving, service is terrible.
1	I like Carls Jr, I do not like this Carls Jr.  It seems everyone that works here is related, and they all could care less about quality of food or service, they show up for a paycheck. I have been here 3 times, and will not be returning.  I tried there red hot burger today, it was a soggy soggy mess served upside down on a burned bun.  In the past at this Carls Jr I have been served the wrong burger.So, I tried to contact corporate via email, and it appears I have to send them a letter.CORPORATE OFFICE  Carl's Jr. Restaurants LLC  6307 Carpinteria Ave., Suite A  Carpinteria, CA 93013ill update my review when/if they get back to me.
1	I hate giving bad reviews, but I've gotta be honest. The sandwich was over cooked and dry, and there was so much grease in the fries that it leaked thru the bag... At least the soda was good, I guess...
