1	Verizon Wireless: I just experienced the WORST customer service EVER! I've been in the retail/service business for 5+ years and am currently a service manager. I'm so unimpressed with Kevin at 7300 Aroyo Crossing in Las Vegas. He may be your worst hire ever not to mention he's a manager who doesn't possess the skill of delivering a message with tact or dealing with customers at all. My first experience in the store was wonderful but Kevin needs some coaching on his ability to manage. I certainly hope he's not training others if that's the case you've got a serious problem on your hands. If it weren't for your incredible wireless service everywhere, I'd have paid the early cancellation and driven to AT&T.
5	BOOM!  5 Stars....   this place is awesome...  everyone in there handles their business with efficiency and confidence....  They know the answers to most of my questions about my account and if they dont know they ask someone who does...   Sometimes they are super busy, but thats the goal isnt it?   I have come to trust a few of the key employees in their with my account and they have not disappointed me yet...  Keep it up!
1	I took my phone in because it kept freezing up and resetting itself. The associate told me it was due to a bad battery and insisted I go to his friends store and buy a new battery there and not from Verizon because it was more expensive......I ended up just calling Verizon technical services and got the phone fixed over the phone without needing to replace the battery......
5	I stopped at two different stores to fix my issues with my new phone and it only took this store 10 minutes to fix everything. Great job!
5	They're all very nice people provide awesome customer services!!
1	Went into store to get help about my back up  list.  Tehy said they could not help me.When I go t home and tried to print a copy of my list, the computer deleted it. The following day, all of my number disappeared from my cell phone. I spoke to many on line reps, and was disconnected twice, and the third one was not helpful at all.  One of them said he would call me back, and never did. What terrible experience to deal with Verizon.  ATT , here I come.
1	My advice: Never ever go to the store. Just call Verizon Customer Support.I had lost my phone and wanted an upgrade. I was due in 2 months, so I figure it wasn't a big deal. After a 2 hour wait, I was told in 5 minutes that I was SOL. They did try to sell me the "edge" program which pretty much meant I was either leasing a phone or paying full price. RIP OFF!!The next day, I called Verizon Customer Support and they told me it'd be no problem since I was so close. They said I could order over the phone, but since I needed it that day, I told them to make a note of it on my account information and I would order it at the store.I made an appointment so I wouldn't have to wait for 2 hours again. However, I was told that I needed the manager approval and she wouldn't give it. Yes, Sandra (Sandy on her name tag) the manager, would not honor the agreement Verizon Customer Support had ensured me would be no problem. Again, they tried to push me onto the "edge" program which I believe is a predatory program targeting those who can't pay for a phone upfront. In the end, you pay WAY MORE than if you would of paid up front for an upgrade.After another hour and half wait, we reached Verizon Customer Support. They apologized to me and told me they could not do anything on their end because the manager of the store, Sandy, had final say. I ended up ordering the phone with Verizon Customer Support. Unfortunately, I would not receive my new phone for another 3 days.Long story short, NEVER EVER go to the store unless you enjoy having your time wasted Everything can be handled through Verizon Customer Support. They are much more knowledgeable and helpful.
5	I had the best service ever. I hate when I have phone trouble....it ruins life! I walked in and was greeted immediately. I don't remember her name but she asked my what she could help me with and was friendly. The only thing I call BS on is that I was told my phone had "water damage" and I never dropped it in water....but whatever. If you have insurance on the phone (which I do) you have to call some number and file a claim and wait....what wait for a new phone....can you live with out a phone fore more than an hour???Now here is where it get's good....she was able to see that I was eligible for an early upgrade (thank GOD) and I was sent to wait for a sales rep to help me.Dan O was with me in less than 5 minutes. I told him I was technologically challenged and he took care of everything. He talked me into a 5 from a 4 (great choice) and even got me into the cloud and got my pictures and contacts right over. He even looked into my account to make sure I had the best plan for me.He is the best!!!I never want phone trouble but if I have it Dan O better be the one to help me!!!!
5	Kevin greeted me immediately and helped me quickly with my car charger purchase. He was super personable and I was in & out in 5 minutes...and that included us chatting about vacations! I usually have a loooooong wait at my local store in CA. What a refreshing change!!!
5	It's the worst feeling when you're 2000 miles away from home with no phone or contacts. I've had t-mobile for 12 years but when I came to this store there was no doubt in my mind that it was time for a change. My roomate and I were greeted right away and then had to wait for about 20 minutes, no big deal being that I didnt know what I wanted anyway.  Kevin was very patient and kind as he explained every option available for me and hooked me up with an amazing deal. The entire staff at this store was incredibly friendly and down to earth. I'm glad I changed services souly on the great customer service provided in the store.
5	Needed an upgrade and was still 30 days short of my "New Every Two". Met the manager who explained in detail my three best options. IN DETAIL!! Then she passed me over to Zach. We had some difficulties transfering some of the important stuff on my old phone. Zach was a true professional, trying every route until he solved our problem. Walked out with new Samsung Galaxy S5 with a good plan. Thanks for all the help!!!!!
2	First off, the wait was long, but cmon... That happens at every cellular store that's good. Didn't mind that. Got greeted, the guy was great (who I will not name cuz he was nice even tho he conned me). So he pushes the Verizon edge plan which I don't mind cuz it's the same monthly bill. Cool. I trade in two iPhones which I want to put towards a new smartphone they're running a promo where I get $200/phone which was great! But sadly I was conned as the associate used up all my credit which was supposed to go towards the phone on merchandise. I asked repeatedly if my credit can go towards my bill or the phone itself, he kept saying don't worry your bill will be the same this merchandise is discounted. Awsome, I don't mind the phone case, car and travel charger, but a $200 portable speaker? I asked if the credit could go to my bill instead. Nope it doesn't work like that, then again "how bout the phone?" Again nope. I said why did you tell me the promo was towards the phone then? Oh it is I made sure your bill was the same. Ok then put the $200 credit towards the bill. After continuing on this cycle I finally got fed up and said just do what you got to do. I'm done. So I got some overpriced gear from my iPhone trade in and was definitely unsatisfied with the unwillingness to put any credit towards my bill or phone like I wanted. Looking back I shouldve got a manager involved but I thought,what the heck, I'm getting $400 in merchandise for my two iPhones. Beware the salesman.
5	If you do not have Verizon Wireless as your carrier, I recommend that you switch! I have gotten some of the best customer service EVER while being a Verizon customer since 2009!! Talk about great customer service! Try going to this location! The manager has to be one of the best managers I have ever had the pleasure to interact with in ANY experience! Sandy went above and beyond to help myself and my family with a phone issue we were experiencing.Each and every one of our wireless experiences WILL be at this location because Sandy is there and she has trained her employees to be as awesome as her. Verizon, take note! You NEED more managers like Sandy. Managers that truly care, have compassion, that are well educated and patient. Sandy should not go unnoticed in your establishment. Like I said it is because of Sandy that we will return to this location and this location only for each and every one of our wireless needs! Friends and Family, I hope you visit this amazing location as well. I promise you will not leave unhappy or dissatisfied.
4	Finally getting around to writing a review of this store. I know sometimes it can be sooo busy and feel like the DMV but when I do finally get helped they always manage to take care of me here. Was very excited to get my iPhone 6 here and will continue to do my upgrades here. Just recently bought some accessories and the manager Patt was able to quickly get me in and out. He was also more than happy to answer my questions. I would definitely recommend this Verizon to my friends and family.
1	The employees here are pretty damn stupid. I asked three different employees the same questions and got three different answers. The "manager" did nothing to help the folks waiting. He stood by the door and did not help.  All he did was greet people. Wtf!?!?I signed up with AT&T instead. Version sucks!! My advise is to avoid this store all together. Go to best buy or walmart located in the same plaza.
