3	I got my wisdom teeth taken out at this place. My experience was okay. I had three people tried to take an x ray of my tooth and I'm pretty sure that one of them have no idea what they were doing. When the dentist finally came to extract my tooth it was fast and painless which is why I'm giving them 3 stars otherwise it would be 0. When I called they said it would cost $75 to extract my teeth, and I ended up paying $175 for extraction plus $200+ for a bone graph making my total bill more than $400. Which I was unprepared to pay because I don't have insurance. To sum up my experience : dentist is good but  make sure you get the pricing straight before getting any work done.
5	My experience was so welcoming and comforting, they have a great staff. I have always been able to get same day appointments and treatment same day. They even open on  weekends.
1	Do not go here!! I just moved into town and was recommend to this dentist.  It started off great, the receptionist Tina was helpful and informative. When I was taken back to get x-rays I was surprised to see the frowning faces of the tech and the dentist. X-rays were taken by the tech and the tech also did my cleaning.  It was the worst cleaning ever!!!  She basically just brushed my teeth. My 3 year old could have done a better job. When finished the tech didn't say a word to me. I just sat in the chair thinking the doctor was going to come out to talk to me,  but instead the recptionist Tina came to talk to me about my x-rays , payment plan,  insurance coverages, etc. Where is the dentist? I turned around and there she was in her office watching a show/movie on her laptop.  Poor, poor customer service. I never went back to get any work done. I tried to retrieve copies of my x-rays which were paid by my insurance but was told the patient has a $20 fee. WTF. I am furious!!
1	Not even a one star. NEVER EVER EVER will I return or tell people to come here. They got me in on the sane which is great.I basically gave them $500 and walked out. The dentist did such a TERRIBLE job I couldn't even imagine she had a degree. She sent me over to the guy that makes the coloring for the crowns and guess what he did. HE LAUGHED IN MY FACE and said I don't have your color. Well gee thanks dude. NEVER WILL I EVER COME BACK. I'm furious til this day and it's been 2 months Save yourself some time money and pain. Don't come here. 0 stars.
