4	Small place with a cafe feel.  Got a breakfast sandwich and a coffee for about 4 bucks (Saturday special), both of which were good.  Order at the counter and they bring it out, fill your water, etc.  Good service.
4	I have only been there for breakfast but it was good.  One time when I was in there I completely forgot my wallet and the owner was so nice and just told me to stop by sometime later on and pay.
4	YEAH a new lunch spot - I don't know about you but I have a hard time thinking of a place to get a great salad for lunch and this place rocks.The chef salad was on special so thats what i ordered it was fresh and delicious nothing out of the ordinary but made to order and tasty.  I should also mention huge but I still ate the whole thing.  They also make all their salad dressings in house.The staff was helpful and friendly - and if you have an order for four or more and work close-by they will deliver the food too you. However its a super cute cafe so you must stop in to check the place out. Thank you Cluck N' Cup I will be returning soon.
3	Always on the hunt for a new coffee joint,  I stopped here the other day for a cup of joe before doing some shopping. I was looking for something to eat as well but only saw a lunch menu and specials  so not sure if they offer b-fast or not? Coffee was fresh and did the trick. I like the random paper table cloths with crayons they have on each table so you can draw out your feelings and whats on your mind (don't worry, I didn't write out where's the freakin breakfast menu??) Friendly peeps....get it...peeps. cluck? Yes, no? Anywho, I'll check this place out again
4	I heard about this restaurant and their Wednesday special of Chicken Pot Pie.  I bought the special for both me and my wife.  We both enjoyed it greatly.  The chicken pot pie was delicious and was a great value for $5.99 which includes both a side and a drink.  It definitely beats fast food.I look forward to future visits to the Cluck N' Cup, if I can ever get used to the name.
4	First time at Cluck N' Cup.  We ate at their new location on the north-side of Charlotte.....we have tried to eat at their original restaurant on the south-side of town but never managed to get the timing right. The chicken pot pie was very good (nice lean chicken with vegetables and flaky crust) and my wife thought the veggie wrap she got was good too.  I tried the coffee (I had read that they had some of the best around) and it was pretty good for standard coffee (I typically drink espresso so I am not a regular coffee connoisseur). The new location is in a really big space so it is not as cozy/comfy as we would have liked but it was nice and had a good clean atmosphere. We will definitely go back and still want to try the original location.
4	Support your local small business owners!!Good food - 'home cooking' freshly prepared, not like other fast food joints. Neat atmosphere and generally a nice change of pace. Saw a sign in Uptown and appears one is also opening on McDowell Street.
4	If you're looking for a nice little place to go for some food or snacks then this definitely worth a try. I went for their "famous" chicken pot pie and was not disappointed. The Wed. special was the pot pie, side and a drink all for $5.99. That was a deal and very filling. They have daily specials which are very reasonable. They offer a variety of items to take home including the pot pie, delicious chicken salad, desserts, muffins, sides, etc. I've done this in the winter with the pot pie and it made a great dinner after a long day at work in the cold weather. What a treat! I've tried many items on their menu (which includes a great breakfast selection) and have found everything very good to excellent.The atmosphere is great. It's a really nice little place tucked into a small shopping area behind Lowe's Home Improvement. The place is cute with a chicken decor. It's clean and the staff is very friendly. They offer free internet access so if you are doing a business meeting or just need a place to work and need a cute quiet place, I would highly recommend it.
1	Food was good, but the service was horrible.  Took 30 minutes to bring out food to begin with, then forgot one order and continued to tell us it would be right out.  After 15 more minutes without explanations had to ask for money back.  Very disappointing
5	Chicken pot pie! MASSIVE
4	This place is really charming. Tucked away all the way in the back of a shopping center in South End, I would have never known about this place if my friend Carolyn hadn't checked in here for lunch one day!The space is really nice and cozy, while still having sort of an upscale diner feel to it. Going on a Wednesday was apparently the right thing to do because $5.99 for a huge chicken pot pie, side, and drink is the way to go folks! The pie came out steaming hot and flaky deliciousness. I usually prefer my chicken pot pies a bit creamier with more sauce but this one was still excellent and fresh. I don't ever drink sodas anymore but wow drinks included with the food? A nice touch was when we were ready to go they asked if we would like a to go cup filled up, I appreciate the little things like that. It shows that they care about your business. I got a broccoli casserole as a side and it was very nicely flavor seasoned and yummy. But they also offer more healthy choices such as fresh fruit.The space is quite comfy, with attentive service and good food. Return trips are planned for more pot pie.
5	The Chicken pot pie and the broccoli casserole is as good as it can get!!!!  And on Wed, that is the special!I suggest  you get there early - I went close to 1:00pm and they were sold out of pot pies (they make them fresh and once they are out, that is it!)
4	Went here for breakfast on Saturday morning. A great little find. The place is adorable, and populated with all sorts of poultry paraphernalia--lots of glass and ceramic roosters and chickens giving the place lots of character.  It has also has tons of magazines and books which are really nice if you want to just lounge around have a lazy weekend morning. We ordered the frittata and the breakfast sandwich and both were really solid-- very simply and well-prepared food, nothing Michelin quality but satisfying nonetheless and really reasonable, in fact, I'd say even cheap. Service was a bit gruff at first, but the waiter/cashier warmed considerably after some time. Maybe he was just a little stressed as it seems he's the only person working there besides the kitchen staff. Still, a really nice place for a casual, simple breakfast over the weekend. Recommend!
4	Just ducked in to use the wi-fi in a work emergency and felt guilty so I ordered a lemon desert bar. It was pretty good. The people were friendly enough as well. Several months later my wife told me about this place with a funny name that had the best chicken-pot-pies anywhere. I laughed that it was the same place, so I went back to try one. Unfortunately if you get there before noon they won't be ready, but you can buy a take and bake with you, so I took one. It takes 40 minutes or so in an oven or toaster oven and my wife was right. I've been craving more ever since. I went back for another one just the other day, but be aware, they close at 4pm.
5	Great little neighborhood spot, so glad it's in our hood. We have lunch here once or twice a week-love this place. They might have the friendliest, nicest staff in Charlotte. The menu is varied, and everything nicely prepared. My favorite is the spinach & black bean quesadilla, my boss goes crazy over their Chix pot pie. The broccoli casserole side is to die for, tastes like moms. They also have great sweets for after lunch and full coffee service. The prices are right, check it out!
4	YUM!!!!Wonderful wholesome homemade food!Truly has the "made fresh" taste.Cozy, simple atmosphere.  Absolutely perfect ... From  great salads to yummy homemade chicken pot pies. Good price. Good service. Excellent food!
4	It's been awhile since I've been to Cluck n Cup and now I'm reminded why I need to come back more often.  This is the place for fresh salads, the salad dressing are homemade and they have some great choices to choose from.  Check out their daily lunch specials you can get a meal & a drink for $5.99.
5	I found this cute little spot on a whim. I got a good chuckle out of the sign and it's logo, a chicken in a cup lol (maybe I'm just easily amused) The interior is very relaxed and definitely has that cozy, southern feel. The prices are VERY reasonable, about $10 or less and the staff is, as expected, incredibly sweet.I ordered the chicken pot pie with broccoli casserole. Both were DELICIOUS, definite comfort food! I wish my chicken pot pie was a little warmer though. Regardless, it was amazing! My friend was tempted to buy a "Take and Bake," which is a ready-made chicken pot pie that you would bake at home. Too bad we had plans afterwards and didn't think it was a good idea to leave it in the car. Luckily, I live right by Cluck N' Cup yielding PREMIUM ACCESS (be jealous! haha) With that said, I will definitely be back soon. I peeked at our neighbor's table and saw their Frittata.. definitely gotta try that too! That is if I can convince myself to sway away from the chicken pot pie! (Yes, I'm one of those creepers that peek at other people's dishes and think "aww I want that instead!!!" ..super indecisive foodie)
4	First let me start off by saying that the food at the place is delicious and consistent ! I have been on several different occasions and my food has been brag worthy each time. I will be definitely be dining here regularly, but I do have a gripe about the guy who works there (hence the 4 stars). He is not friendly for the most part, and he seems to have lost his sense of urgency for assisting customers. Lucky he hasn't been bad enough for me to stop going. I think it could be the fact that the chicken pot pie and broccoli casserole outweigh the negative. Try them out.
5	So this place is right next to my office and it's becoming a habit of mine!  Breakfast is AWESOME, seriously, awesome.  Any breakfast sandwich - put that in your mouth.  And for those folks NOT nursing a hangover, the oatmeal (loaded with pecans, brown sugar and fresh fruit) is to die for!  nom nom nom.Admittedly, I've never had their coffee.  I love coffee, but they've got some killer tea options so I always go there.  Food is fast and everything I've every gotten has been scrumptious.  The Asian chicken salad is huge and top notch.  The hummus sandwich, on point.  The guys I work with always enjoy the wraps.  I've heard the pot pie is delectable - but I've never tried it for fear that I might need a nap after eating all those tasty calories.  Listen - I've seen a few comments about the staff, and I want to make sure that you know the guys that work there are sheep in wolf's clothing.  Cut them a break, while they may look rough and tough - give them a smile.  They are the sweetest people in the world.  Remember that their job consists of people barking orders at them all day.  You might forget to smile every once in awhile too. Give them a compliment and enjoy your delicious meal!
5	I'm never disappointed when I come here. Mischa is always on point lol.
4	Was going to Five Guys one day for lunch, then I remembered Cluck N Cup was also right there. I had always been meaning to stop in, so I finally did. It was around 3PM so the place was empty. I got the chicken pot pie with broccoli casserole. It came to me in about seven minutes after ordering, FAST. It was pipping hot and reminded me of my moms chicken pot pie, very good. The crust was flaky, buttery and inside was ample amounts of chicken and veg with very creamy sauce. Which is probably more of a soup than a sauce, whatever. The broccoli casserole was also very good, I will have to come back, get some coffee and breakfast. It was literally a million degrees when I went so coffee did not sound appetizing when leaving.
4	Cluck 'N Cup is a cute breakfast and lunch spot where I enjoyed a delightful lunch several weeks ago. I dined at the Southend location just off South Blvd. but there are locations uptown and in north Charlotte as well. The chicken pot pie is very good - I look forward to having this again over the winter. I also sampled the broccoli casserole - also very tasty. Cluck 'N Cup serves a full breakfast menu including breakfast sandwiches (toast, croissants and bagels available), yogurt, oatmeal, muffins and frittatas. A full coffee selection including espresso drinks is also available - yay for serving my favorite, the mocha. Lunch brings several salads, wraps, sandwiches and entrees like the pot pie, lasagna and quesadillas. Lots of chicken is on the menu - hence the "cluck". Every day there is a lunch special including a drink for around $5 - $6 - a nice deal - on Wednesday you can get the pot pie, a side and a drink for $5.99. Also, you can purchase pot pie, broccoli casserole and more to take and bake a home - a nice option. I can walk here from home so I look forward to returning to Cluck 'N Cup soon to try the mocha and more of the menu.
4	I've been seeing this cluck n cup sign a lot lately on my drives home. So I finally decided to stop in today to check it out. So good! I got the chicken pot pie combo. Come with the pot pie, a side, and a drink. All for $6... wow! This pot pie was amazing! I got the broccoli casserole as my side... creamy goodness! I will be back for more!
3	Tucked away in Sothend awaits Cluck N' Cup.  It is a great location for a mid-way meeting place outside of the scurry of Uptown (though there is an Uptown location, too). Parking can be extremely tough but have patience!  I have been there twice now and though the food is good and the atmosphere is comfortable, there really isn't a wow factor to keep me coming back.  I won't turn it down for a homemade lunch but it is not on my target go to spots.  I had the Turkey, Apple and Brie wrap during my last visit and I enjoyed it.  I was a little underwhelmed by my side of fruit which was a portion cup that you would use for condiments.
5	I met a friend for lunch today here for the first time. What an awesome lunch! The chicken pot pie is DELICIOUS!! Homemade everything!!
5	Awesome staff!!! I left my wallet in my locker and asked if I could give them my card # being that I have it memorized and they said yes. Who else would do that?!?! The food is great btw. I never had a bad experience and I've been eating here for 2.5 years.
1	The new girl they have with the curly hair is a total BITCH!! I asked for the lasagna special and she waits til after i paid and said there was a 20 min wait!! What??? mind you, I'm on my lunch break and cant wait. I told her this and she basically didnt care. I had to wait about 10 minutes to get my money back and when I did she pretty much threw the money at me. I never had this much disrespect here and I doubt I will be back. What a shame because the food is pretty good.
1	I've been to cluck-n-cup southend three times now and every time was a bad experience. The first time I went in they were out of chicken! Not sure how a chicken restaurant can run out of chicken in the middle of lunch time. The second time I went in they were out of turkey! Today was strike three, and I will not be a patron in the future. When I went in for lunch today, I asked for a menu and they were out. Out of menus. I asked the cashier what my options were and he was just as helpful as the menus they didn't have. I asked if they had an online menu and he said he thought so. I pulled up their website on my phone, clicked on the menu and it lead to a dead page. I left and went across the street to noodles and company, where I received fantastic service, they had menus, and chicken! I will say that the food I was able to get the last couple of times was good, which is the only reason I'm giving them one star
2	I have been a regular at this spot for months. They have changed staff around a few times and the service was seeming to get better and faster. I have been known to wait 15 minutes for a coffee, but their food is good and nearby so it's easy to go and maybe take a client. I usually order the same thing and this past week called in for my "regular" sandwich. I confirmed the price over the phone and went down to pick it up. When I arrived I was told a much higher price, and I was a little shocked considering I order this item all the time. The cashier said it was from the breakfast menu (turkey?) and that I would have to pay the higher price. Turns out that I was speaking with the owner, who did not want to seem to budge on charging me the price I was given on the phone, and had been charged that amount multiple times before. She eventually took my money at the lower price. After I had to HAGGLE with her for longer than I would ever wish to.She has just lost a regular customer.  Changing the price of items is at their discretion, of course. However, I expect to be paying the price I was given over the phone. Her staff was very apologetic, and I had always had good experiences with this restaurant in the past. Too bad the owner doesn't have the same attitude about customer service.
5	Wow what a gem! Thanks Yelp for helping us discover this place just off South Tryon.  Owner lady is sweet and really helpful. The croissant breakfast sandwiches are amazing and filling. The fruit oatmeal was plentiful and just right. And the cappuccino was large with a perfect amount of froth. Sure it is busy during typical rush times but if you come when everyone is at work it's a quiet place to enjoy a late breakfast or meet with someone you love. They even have paper and crayons for you to draw your next business plan or your best chicken! Make sure to give this place a try, I'll guarantee you'll be back!
4	Awesome chicken pot pie, need to try the shrimp tacos and broccoli casserole.
5	Came in with my mother-in-law and daughter.  They ordered the chicken pot and broccoli casserole.  I ordered the lasagna.  I had a few bites of their pot pies, best pot pie ever.  Crust was very flaky n tasty, filling had a lot chicken.  Lasagna was really good also.  Service was excellent.  We will definitely be back.
4	Was here for lunch the other day after over a year of wanting to try one of these Charlotte locations. I went to the location in South End and was quite happy with the outcome. After seeing what the chicken pot pies looked like I simply couldn't pass it up. Unfortunately it wasn't Wednesday so I paid a little more than the normal $5.99!!! that it usually is on special. Even at "full price" this meal was great. I may be a bit bias since I have what I'm sure is an unhealthy obsession with pot pies but how could something that makes you so happy ever be bad for you. I stand by the fact that pot pies are delicious and Cluck N' Cup nails it with theirs.As a side it seems the broccoli casserole is the claim to fame here but I went with the Asian slaw which was great. Had some toasted pine nuts on it and a sweet (honey-based maybe) sauce with a little hit of vinegar. After scoping the broccoli casserole at another table though I'm confident I'll lean that way on my next visit. I had the opportunity to try a bite of my cousin's turkey sandwich as well which was also good. I'm a fan of very thin sliced turkey piled high and this hit the spot in my opinion. One point I need to make is regarding the price. For a place like this where many of the items seem very fresh and high quality I'd expect a higher price. The full-price menu was extremely reasonable in my opinion and if you choose an item on special it becomes that much more reasonable.The location itself is tucked back in a mixed-use area off of South Blvd. with enough parking (although we walked) and the interior has great lighting and all-in-all was a great place to grab a bite for lunch. I could see the venue being a perfect spot for some coffee with laptop in tow as well but you'd want to choose one of the comfy chairs available if you did that.
5	Love this place! The asian chicken wrap is delicious! The atmosphere is casual and warm. Also try the chai latte!
5	Stuck in the worst storm, all food restaurants were closed, roads impassable... finally some sun shine on Friday, headed to airport and want lunch, saw a funny sign Cluck N Cup, never heard of this place , why not try it... Best food I've had since Monday, chicken pot pie was excellent, and we have many vendors that make this type of pie.Slaw was also good. in my 60 years this was the best I have ever had.. no lie. headed back to NH and will order some on line, I just hope they are the same quality. I never buy frozen food.. Pie's are made at the restaurant, bottom crust was still crispy by the time I got to it. Thanks for a great lunchRickey
4	Great little neighborhood place!    When I first saw it, I wasn't sure what it was.    Decent prices.  Great daily lunch specials.  I haven't eaten here - just had various coffee beverages.  And no complaints!    Baristas are super friendly.   Cute atmosphere inside.  Easy to walk to location In south end (kind of behind chipotle).  But also plenty of parking.
5	I love this little place! My now husband and I used to meet up here for coffee before work every day and now that we are married we definitely start many a weekend mornings here together. The breakfast is simple but delicious and to coffee is actually really good. The staff is sweeter than pecan pie! I'm not even a southern girl and I feel like that's the only way to describe them! They are welcoming but not too pushy. They are kind and attentive. The prices are great and the atmosphere is about as comfortable as sitting in your mommas breakfast nook. Not to mention you can't beat table cloths you can color on! I definitely recommend!!!!
2	This is tough because the service was so friendly that I hate to write anything negative. Judging from all of the positive reviews Cluck N' Cup must have had an off-day. They had great prices, a very convenient location, and really nice staff but I just didn't feel the food was good. I had the chicken salad on a croissant with the broccoli casserole on the side. Their lunch special included a beverage for about $6 after tax which is great. The croissant had been kept in the fridge and the salad didn't taste like anything. The broccoli casserole kind of reminded me of something served in a hospital - just bland and mushy. I'd like to give it another try in the future and hopefully they'll be better.
5	The wife and I tried this place out one evening when we were feeling like a wrap for dinner.  I had the barbecue chicken wrap and the wife had the chicken salad wrap.  Both were delicious.  The service was great.  Both employees were very friendly and attentive.  The prices were also reasonable, which I appreciate.  There were several items on the menu that looked good so I can't wait to try it again.
4	What an adorable little place this is! I came during lunch rush (~12:30) on a Wednesday to sample the Chicken Pot Pie special. The parking lot was a bit of a pain and I had to stalk a poor woman leaving the salon next door to snag a space. There were no open tables and a handful of people in line, which I had expected.They have a different lunch special everyday of the week (see picture!). On Wednesday's it's a Chicken Pot Pie , choice of side and a a beverage for $5.99 - not bad. The ladies working the front counter are the most adorable, friendly people you could imagine. This place really has homey, southern feel to put you at ease on a stressful workday.I ordered my meal to go and it only took a few minutes to come out and I couldn't wait to get back to the office to try it. The pastry was perfectly fluffy and soft and the inside was STUFFED with chicken among other veggies. They definitely did not skimp on the pot pie fixin's here. The broccoli casserole was delicious as well, though a little salty and dripping in butter. I was only able to eat about the half the pie, in addition to the small cup of casserole.All in all, $5.99 for a little under two meals is definitely a bargain. I just wish this place was a little less busy (selfish request, I know). Next time I'll be sure to come before 12.
5	Only had coffee here, but loved the place and the people working here. Friendly place :)
5	Good value. Good food. I started new job in South End. Recently discovered place. One of my favorite things is chicken pot pie!  And their's is supurb. Flaky crust on top. Made fresh.  Lots of meat, veggies, gravy. Have had asian cole slaw and broccoli casserol sides. They keep ur drink filled.Limited parking is as a challenge.Stop on in y'all.
5	Great food and an even better value.Pot pie was delicious, fresh, and hot. Side if slaw was also super. Sweet tea was good. All for $7Workers were friendly and prompt.
5	We fell in love at once. The atmosphere is terrific and the food is well prepared and freshly made.  The staff is friendly and helpful with suggestions of what combinations work.They also have new hours and are opened till 8pm with wonderful specials that are amazingly priced.  Try it once and you will be hooked!  We are actually going back tonight for the Chicken Pot Pie!  Can't wait!
1	I wish I could say I've eaten here but they're always closed. I went out of my way to eat dinner here tonight and the sign said open til 8:00pm. But they were closing at 5 p.m. This is the second time I've been here to eat in the past year where they were closed. There will be no third chances to eat here. The food must be awesome otherwise I don't know how they're still in business.
4	Chicken Pot Pies!So to be honest, whenever I come here, I watch my co-workers eat every last little crumb of their Chicken Pot Pies. I am always on a diet, so i usually have a big salad. The salads are great and the service is pretty fast, but people really rave about the pies. My co-workers dream about them.You place your order at the counter and then get a number - they bring your items to the table and your drinks and refill your drinks for you. Nothing fancy, but the food is good and everyone is friendly.
3	I used to come in here a few times a week. The staff is friendly, the food is pretty good, and the prices are mediocre. For lunch, I only go if I like the special that day because it's a very good deal. Their breakfast is also pretty tasty. Unfortunately, I have pretty much stopped going at all since probably 5 out of the last 7 times I have been in they are out of what I order or at least an ingredient in what I order. It is extremely frustrating and has really caused me to stop going as I don't want to go out of my way to get there only to be told they don't have the items on their menu. this usually happens at breakfast and I think it's because they wait on a truck to bring them items from their other location every morning and sometimes it doesn't get there until later but either way it has caused them to basically lose me as a customer unless absolutely necessary. I would recommend as long as you are flexible on what you want to eat that day.
