3	Oceans 7 nightclub is a moderately new night club located in the Papago plaza off N Scottsdale road. The benefit of its location is the ample free plaza parking available (since all the other nearby businesses are closed when Ocean opens), however since it is not near the Old town night scene, you have to plan and commit to just go there for the night instead of bar hop around. I struggled to go there initially because they don't have a formal website with club information. the phone listed doesn't work and oh- yeah, no yelp reviews! Needless to say i found out what they had that night by just showing up, which may or may not have been to everyone's liking.This Friday they had some Latin/mariachi band playing and they charged a cover. The door guy did a VERY thorough pat-down of the males, which I found it to be quite creepy. The club itself is decently sized with a dance area, bird cages for the go-go dances (wtf) and a separate smaller room for live bands to play. By midnight the place was only about 1/3 full and the place was definitely, as the kids used to say "not jumpin".Objective details aside, I have to confess that Ocean's does not have a... errr... how do I say this... culturally diverse mix of people? More specifically, 100% of the people there were Hispanic. Not that there is anything wrong with that, just warning you, a lot of English speaking does not go down in this establishment. As a Hispanic myself, I am going to bite the bullet and just say this: its ghetto. Oceans 7 is ghetto as hell. There. phew, feels so much better being honest.
4	I met some friends here this past weekend for the Brazilian Carnaval event and it was a good-good time. The place is huge, the drinks are super cheap and there are spots to hang out like a VIP without having to be a VIP.  I've never been to a dance club where there were more people on the dance floor than anywhere else in the club. I was blown away by the moves some of the dancers were throwing down; it was murder!  It would have sent Disco Dottie into cardiac arrest without having to snort a single line.
1	Didn't wanna drive to far so just decided to checkout this place on a Friday night. They had the Latin/mariachi thing going on and another room was hip-hop. Lets just say that this place has some good music but the service is HORRIBLE! and 80% of the people didn't speak English. On Fridays is mostly for Hispanic crowd and they definitely know how to make you feel unwelcome if you are not hispanic. The waiters literally ignored me for 40 mins while waiting for a drink and gladly served other Hispanic customers that came way after me to buy drinks while standing next to me.  I had to give a customer money to buy a drink for me at the same bar. Even worst is the water down the drinks...and to get the best of of it, you will have to buy either a shot or a beer. And not to mention the amount of police/security outside waiting for something to happen. You feel like you are visiting a military zone. if you are not Hispanic and don't like to be mean mugged a lot then this is not a place to go.I also livenighted my experience there
3	I came here with a friend on Reggae night (Sunday night) and it was a mediocre experience. The drinks weren't very good but were priced cheaper than in old town. They came in plastic disposable cups instead of actual glasses. I found that different and interesting.Only half of the club is used for Reggae Night so the place was small and although it got crowded by midnight, most people weren't dancing which was odd. By midnight anywhere in old town, people are dancing! I was very confused, especially since Reggae isn't hard to dance to. The crowd was a bit older, maybe early thirties, some people were in their twenties. A lot of males, definitely disproportionate when it comes to the female to male ratio. The service was 50/50, some people that worked there were very professional and helpful while others were not. I liked the Reggae music, it was more modern than classic, but I didn't mind. They also played a lot of hip-hop, it was a mix, so not only reggae. The bathrooms could use a little help, other than that the place was alright. The vibe was nice. They had a lot of strobe lights the whole time where as in old town strobe lights aren't used as much (more so at Smashboxx than anywhere else in old town). The smoke machine was working which I really like, you definitely don't see these types of effects in old town, again mostly at Smashboxx and sometimes at Maya or The Mint. I asked someone who worked there what Friday and Saturday nights were like and he said the whole club is used unlike Sunday nights and it's packed, also on Fridays it's Latin night, and on Saturdays it's Hip-Hop night, so all in all he said those nights are better to visit.
1	They don't even deserve 1 star! Horrible ghetto hip hop club. They keep the 21 and over caged in on one side.. Security galore, must be a high crime place, in scottsdale??? Wow... I will never go back.. A better place is Bobby Q lounge! Oh it's also a kiddy club.. 18 and over caged on the other side.. Music sucked, atmosphere wasn't happening and it smelled like a dump. The dance floor is a good size, only positive thing to say!
5	First time to the place. The door guys were really friendly. music was awsome all night long. great bar specials all night long. its a big place.
1	Worst club experience I've ever had. There was no one servicing the bar, the music was way to loud, and the DJ or whoever's job it was to get people on the dance floor just stood on stage and did nothing. There was almost no one there at 11 pm on a Friday night so they probably need a new promoter. And the few people who were there refused to dance, it felt like a junior high school dance.
1	I show up and the parking lot is empty. There's three bouncers outside the club they're still advertising it over the radio that the club is apparently pack an extra cover is going to end at 11 o'clock. I got there at 12 o'clock and the club had four people in it. We were girls that were on their way out and a bartender who had not even officially set the bar up because he knew no one was going to frequent this club tonight. The DJ for power 98.3  was still advocating that the club was packed and was living up to expectations that they had set out all week long over the radio. The club has a lot of seating room but it all looks dirty the banister were sticky the floor and the tables are unclean. This place must of had that a grungy is looking for VIP section I have ever seen. Stayed in the club long enough to finish one Red Bull and left and went to Jaguars instead. Save your time and money skip this club by all means.
