3	A lot of selection. There wasn't anybody else there when we stopped in so we didn't know if it was open or closed. Once we found it it was open, we helped ourselves to a delicious scoop. Nothing wrong the place, just in an off location.
3	And so begins a series of reviews about dairy... from Maidon's newest non-dairy eater. (that's me) Ironic?Chocolate Shoppe is bomb if you're a fan of flavors but don't really care about aesthetics. The inside is a little dingy, I wouldn't say grimy, that makes it sound like the place needs a good scrubbin' and that's not the case. It just needs a little TLC. Perhaps some paint and some new furniture would give the place the breath of fresh air it needs. There's a decent amount of seating outdoors though, and that's nice to sit, lick, watch the world go by. But let's talk about the important stuff, the ice cream. One word for ya, and not even a real one ZOREO. Shiz is bomb. They take their dark DARK chocolate ice cream and wrap in marshmallow and oreo cookies. What? Huh? It's true. And it's awesome. I'll be back to try other flavors and update this bad boy accordingly, but let's be honest CS, you can only go up from here.
4	+Service+Ice cream (I had the zanzimint - yum! dark chocolate and mint in perfect proportions!)+One sugarless and three non-dairy ice cream options+Gluten free cones, wafer and sugar options!Recommend.
4	The urge for a sweet snack struck the other night, so we hopped into the car and scurried over to the ice cream shop, just a few minutes before they were scheduled to close.+ Friendly staff member+ HUUUUUUUGE selection of ice creams+ Mint Avalanche!!! Yes, please+ Generous scoop/portion+ Reasonably priced- Rock-hard ice cream; like seriously - concrete hard... I broke not one, but two, plastic spoons while trying to consume my bounty. The server struggled to dish the ice cream as well; she really had to claw at it. I don't want it to be soft-serve, but wowser... this stuff was ridiculous.+ Clean venue- Dated and hospital-operating-room bright - crikey!+ Plenty of parking
4	Look, I am going to be perfectly honest here...... I have a problem, and that problem is Zoreo ice cream. I had never heard of it until I moved in next door to a Chocolate Shoppe, and now I can't stop eating it. I used to enjoy things in life, like riding my bike, hiking, and playing board games...now? I just eat Zoreo ice cream all day and night. Ever since I had that first scoop, nothing else has seemed worth it. Oh, the rest of the store is okay. Sure, the employees are friendly. The location is pretty good. Prices are good considering the massive quantities of ice cream that is shoveled into your cup or cone. But,  none of this matters anymore....so long as they have a full container of Zoreo, all will be okay.
4	this place has great service, the lady that helped me had no problem of me asking to taste test all the flavors I wanted to try. They have a ton of flavors, which can be good and bad. TOO MANY OPTIONS! there was another person working there which might have been the manager who was just chatting it up with her friend and not helping the other worker.
3	My fiance had a taste for ice cream after going out for dinner, and this place was on the way home, the two people behind the counter were funny and very nice and helpful. The Blueberry Cheesecake + Waffle cone is where it's at, My fiance got some carmel Chocolate something or other that she really liked.
4	I got two flavors on a cone and the scoops were huge, so that was a plus! I asked for a lot of samples but the lady behind the counter was nice and didn't mind at all. There were a lot of flavors to choose from, so that was the main reason why I had a hard time deciding. Minus one star because another lady working wasn't really paying attention to the customers or helping the other out. I got the Black Cherry and Black Raspberry flavors (I know, lame combo lol) and my boyfriend got the Salted Caramel and Kitty Kitty Bang Bang. I was sorely tempted to switch cones with him cause I liked his better. Moral of the story, try flavors that have eccentric names.
