5	Never would I agree that any dentist place is worth going to.But this place welcomes me with a professional staff, providing exceptional dental work.Doctor Matt Pham, works wonders with getting the job done fast and comfortably. (not an error or discomfort feeling experienced) It is the best in town, I won't take any say from others w/ different opinions.As for the staff,  they're heart-warming people who give advisable information to their patients.Altough this place is small, they provide all the equipment neccesary.Its been several years from hiding and I haven't experienced any problems or complains to say about this place. I recommend this place to all!
5	Dr. Pham is so easy going. I feel like everyone knows me by name. I love the small town feel to this office. Thanks!
5	I picked this Dental place from browsing through this wonderful website called... Yelp :) Oh I'm on it now!??! It's conveniently located on w. sahara passed buffalo in the same building complex where Paymon's and Nothing Bundt Cake is located. You can't miss it, since it's the first office/corner that is visible either you're driving up or down w. sahara.I was warmly greeted by the receptionist and asked me to fill out some paperwork. After a short wait, I did a gawdzillion of x-rays, which she flew by in doing.. almost as if it was a race. Then I was placed in another chair for cleaning and it was a sloppy mess. I never knew how much saliva I can produce or was it the instrument she was using that was shooting water all over my face. Either way, it was Niagara freakin' Falls down my whole left side of my neck to my back. I felt a gush of cold slim and started to get chills. I realized I had my head tilted to my left, so my saliva was sliding down my face. Goodness... If I was on my lunch break and wanted to get a quick cleaning. This is a great place for that. This was the fastest cleaning I ever experienced. I swear it only took less than a few mins. It's nice for people that don't like to visit the Dentist. I suntanned my left side while waiting for Dr. Phan, since it was icy cold from my saliva river. No biggie.. I like the sun and getting a tan... It was a beautiful day, so if that never happened, I probably wouldn't know how nice the sun felt warming my back :PDr. Phan was personable, laid-back, and nice. Asked me why I came in today... I wanted to say because I have this sexiest server contest I'm entered in on spyonvegas and need my teeth dazzling, but I restrained myself and told him my other reasons, which were it was time  for a cleaning and yay I have dental insurance now that covers this visit today. He was very helpful and advised me to try a different technique in brushing to get the back of my molars, since I was asking him if he knew where I can find this particular toothbrush from GUM. I brought it with me and showed him and he told me he hasn't seen that brand in a long time. When he asked me where I got that and when. I told him another Dentist gave it to me, but I was a bit embarrassed and got shy, since I couldn't even tell him how long I had it. All I know is it's my favorite toothbrush that gets the back molars and... I like it. Dr. Phan checked my teeth at the very end and I was out of there in no time.Even when checking out with the receptionist, I heard my name called like... how my Father would shout out when I was in big trouble. Yikes right?!! I stood there and questioned if I heard my name being called out then the receptionist goes.. Dr. Phan is calling you... Luckily, Dr. Phan was so kind enough to look up my favorite toothbrush that I use to get my back top molars on the internet and called my name to let me know I can still purchase it online. He was on it and I didn't even have to ask?!??!? What a proactive Dr.!!! I wish more men, I mean doctors were more like him! He told me if I have any trouble in purchasing it online to let him know and he'll get it for me. Considerate and helpful!! I love the guest service here. That felt really nice to know someone cares enough even for the littlest  thing like a toothbrush I've been searching Forever for. Thanks Dr. Phan!!! That put a big smile on my face :D I was telling myself... How come I didn't think of that??!? I was too stubborn looking for it at every store in Vegas and never thought about checking online. Ahhhhhh! Great location and place for any dental needs. I enjoyed the service they provided, the treatment I received, and the helpful tip from Dr. Phan for my brushing concerns. Definitely will share this place with family, friends, and Yelp family.
5	The dentist is no longer the enemy. Dr. Pham is great!
2	The service was prompt and the staff were nice, however, my tooth is now so sensitive after they put the silver in it to fix cavity. The dentist did not tell me any option which porcelain would be a better material than silver! I'm kinda pissed now, my fixed tooth is very sensitive, to the degree that it bothers me on a daily basis as I drink ice water or hot tea!If I knew I could avoid this by paying a little bit more $, I would totally choose porcelain. How could the dentist is so irresponsible, not telling the patients their options!!!!!!!
5	I barely write any reviews....but this dentist deserves my full attention and support! We all know its hard to find a good dentist.  And I was lucky enough to find Dr. Phan.  There's two reasons why I recommend Crown Dental.  1.  The dentist I went to before him said I needed a root canal in my lower left molar.  I decided to go to crown dental and not say anything about the dentist opinions before.  Guess what!!!! I never needed a root canal!!!! Dr. Phan is an honest dentist!!! 2.  The doc and staff explain every procedure and your options and pricing before anything is done! I needed a few filling... OK probably more than 3 and he actually showed me on the xray where I needed to get work done.  This is a sign of a good practitioner!!!!!Among those two reasons there are many others.  The staff is absolutely caring and friendly! This place doesn't feel like a business.  Its like a family there.  They know me and actually know stuff about me.  They genuinely care about me! I will be forever a fan of crown dental.
