3	I stop by this Goodwill pretty much every time I'm in town. In the past I have found it to be on the expensive side overall especially on larger furniture type items.  Today I had fairly good luck finding several items for my grandchildren. I spent about $22.  They kept announcing over the loud speaker that today's tag color was only a dollar today and a reminder that there is no sales tax, which I didn't know or had forgotten. No sales tax saves you over a dollar on every 20 dollars you spend. I'm glad I took the time to stop here today even though it's a little farther from my motel because I found some good stuff. I've been to the store in the past and not seen much of anything I wanted so you just never know.  I'm sure I will keep coming to the store when I'm in Mesa and if I'm lucky I will have time to stop in to Cindy's Restaurant cafe for lunch or dinner.  I've been there in the past and I know it is good but today I had already eaten. At the store there is plenty of parking, a nice lot, you don't have too walk far to the door and I found the clerk to be pleasant even though she had a slightly curt customer ahead of me. I also usually stop at the Needlework Attic next door but this trip I found it to be empty upon a closer look there was a sign on the door saying they had moved to Dobson and Guadalupe so I'll have to pop into that location instead.
1	This place is overpriced. I stopped in today to see if any electronics caught my eye. They had a Wii under lock and key in a display case with no controllers, cables or games that I could see. But it did have a price tag of $60. GameStop sells them for $85 and they come with all the stuff the goodwill one was missing that you need to make it work. I glanced at the DVDs and laughed at the $5 price tag on the movies. I was at Best Buy the day before and for a brand new copy of the same old movies goodwill had were $5. The only time it may be worth shopping here is on a half priced day, assuming the stuff you want isn't excluded from the discount. I have a good friend that goes to goodwills all over and she said this one was by far the most expensive. Now I can confirm her story. At these prices you may as well go to a place selling the items new.
4	Store is inconsistent. Sometimes 5* & sometimes 3*s. You can find the identical item at two diffferent prices. An identical item, samevtime a few feet apart for a few dollars different. I have bought a lot at the store. Children and adult books, pictures, piggy banks.some employeees can't do enough and others not as good.
