3	While I do think the prices are a bit high for a second hand store, Kid to Kid is pretty good overall. They are very picky about what they buy, so you won't get anything dirty or stained. The other reviewer cracks me up...as if a 2-year-old is going to pay that much attention to the music in the store! And then the kid also recites the lyrics? Yeah right.
1	My friend recommended I try Kid to Kid. I did today and I'm not happy and I'm definitely not impressed. I called beforehand to make sure I understood what the procedure was. I've sold to other consignment shops before, but each one is different. However, I have never had to wait over 2 hours to get an appraisal. Everywhere else I've been, the appraisal is instantaneous and then takes about 5 minutes or so, depending on how much apparel I've brought.  They told me 1 hour, maybe up to 1.5 hours. I was surprised since the lady on the phone had not mentioned any sort of wait and I was unprepared for that. I left, came back after 1.5 hours only to be told that my things still had not been touched, but I was next. Ok. I stayed in the store this time and waited over 30 more minutes. I told the sales girl that my phone died while I was waiting and that I was right in the store so please let me know when you're ready for me; don't call. The store is small so it shouldn't have been an issue. 40 min later I hear her on the phone leaving ME a voicemail. I walk up and ask if my things are ready. She says yes. (luckily I heard her calling my phone or I would have waited even longer!) So after waiting 2 hours and 10 minutes for an appraisal I find out that they don't want anything but 2 shirts and a toy. A brand new $50 Rocking Mickey Mouse that they gave me .75 for! It was in perfect condition. I got about $3 for the shirts. Because we had been there forever my son wanted a toy so in essence I traded my brand new $50 Mickey mouse for a .5 eraser and a $3 toy plane. I was so mad. They don't give you anything close to a fair price and they are very picky. I take very good care of my things so I was certain I'd sell it all. HA! However, the clothes they do end up selling are worn looking and not up to par with the selectiveness they use in purchasing. The used shoes are just gross. The used toys are dirty, all over the floor and a lot didn't work or the batteries were dead. Basically if you want to get nothing for your clothes and want to spend top dollar on Melissa and Doug toys, then this is the place!
2	Poor customer service and this store is so cluttered, I could barely even get in the door today because of so many items just piled up! The employees seem to always be in a foul mood, and act completely unprofessional. (Example: employee screaming/asking anyone within a 2 mile radius if they have lotion because his skin is so ashy from the heat)  Their prices are higher than typical, but consider the area. Their selling process is also unorganized, expect to wait awhile. I'm not sure of their exact formula, but they give you 40% of selling price while pocketing the remaining 60%. Their clothes seem hit or miss, but I have seen a pretty decent selection of baby gear. I laughed when i saw a bathing suit for $3.99 that still had a tag in it from the dollar store!! I overheard a customer bargaining with an employee for a stroller, so they may negotiate on some bigger ticket items. They often have things marked down, I assume because they always over price.I've given this place more than a fair share of opportunities and they just continuously disappoint.
1	I was in there on 5-3-14 and picked out a pair of shoes and a shirt for my son. As I hand the cashier my debit card I realize THEY mislabeled the shoes with the wrong size so I told her I did not want them. They would not reimburse me because the card had already gone through and would only give me a store credit (that could only be used at that location). This really bothered me because I don't live in Charlotte and it was their fault that I grab those shoes to begin with. The staff was no help so I asked to speak to a manager and the assistant manager came out and had zero customer service, no apologies, and was basically like deal with it there is nothing I can do. If someone would have said a simple "sorry" I cod have dealt with it but because they have ZERO customer service I will never go back there again! Whoever owns this place needs to give their employees a crash course in customer service.
1	The customer service at this store is by far the worst I've seen. I was there today during their Semi- Annual sale and used a the email coupon on my purchase. Once leaving the store I noticed that my tax rate was Extremely high for my purchase (12.25%) . Once I informed one of the two employees she informed me with a very nasty attitude that it is preset and it is the correct amount. After repeating myself several times and not getting now where she told me she could do nothing and have me a card for the store manager and told me to email her. After calming down I later discovered that they were charging me the tax on my pre coupon dollar amount which is still wrong. How are you going to charge tax on a dollar amount that is not my purchase amount. Needless to say I will NEVER shop at this location again which is sad since this is the closet to my home. I would rather spend the extra money in gas to go to Huntersville.
1	Rudest. Employees. EVER. Walked in with a cheerful hi how are y'all and was totally ignored, welcomed with a "do you have something to sell" as if I didn't even matter, didn't even look in my direction. MANAGERS, read your reviews and get new employees!!!
2	I've been going to this Kid to Kid location on and off for four years now.  When I first started shopping here,  it was a disastrous mess.  The organization was terrible.  I went in a few months ago and noticed a HUGE improvement.  The shoe area was moved and very nicely organized and all of the clothing was nicely sorted.  I thought the place must be under new management, until I had to interact with the staff. Just as rude as they've always been. I went back again last week to sell some items and found that the staff was still rude.  They were loudly talking bad about customers and they were even rude to each other.I'll only come back here if I'm really in a pinch.   The terrible reviews over the past years obviously haven't done much good.
