4	Wonderful service all around. Had a few drinks at the bar before dinner, bartender was great.Food was your standard chops and fish. Very well prepared and tasty. Also a great wine list - I recommend the 2003 Lascombes if you like Bordeaux.The location isnt the best (downtown) if you are looking for fun afterward.
4	The steaks here are very good.  It's the same quality as the other high end places (prime cuts, aged, etc.).  However, I love the fact that they serve them on  platters sizzling with butter.  That's something somewhat unique compared to some of the other shops.  I love the sound of the sizzle as the plates approach the table.  I had dinner a couple of nights ago and while the steaks are top notch the bar isn't that good.  The  bartenders are competent, but the atmosphere is pretty lame.  It's kind of an afterthought it seems.  Oh yeah, and they don't have Guiness on tap.  I'm going to start a petition that  no liquor licenses should be issued without a guarantee that the proprietor have guiness on tap.  I mean, how do you not at a steakhouse?  If you  go here for dinner do your  happy hour elsewhere.  The service is very good.  The crab stuffed mushrooms are okay, but they certainly aren't noteworthy.  The mashed potatoes are great and the asparagus is okay, but I think  at high end steakhouses they should have asparagus that is as big as a baseball bat, something you can't get at the local grocery.  Overall a very fine experience.  I'd rate the chain steakhouses  in this city in this order for sit down dinners Mortons, Capital Grille,  Ruth Chris, Hyde Park.  And, for bar area and bar dining Capital Grille, Hyde Park, Mortons, Ruth Chris.
1	Horrible service and the food is not comparable to any other Ruth Chris I have been to and I've been to them in 10-15 different cities. My rib-eye was all fat and the waitress was so snotty we wanted to throw our drinks at her. Save your money, this place doesn't deserve to be named Ruth Chris. I've had better steaks at the Outback Steakhouse!!
4	Really good steaks! The porter house is to die for! Something about cooking a steak in butter! Paula Deen would be proud! The location could be better. With all the new construction of new condos and office buildings going up now would be a great time to move! Was my favorite until Hyde Park came to town. Really good service and drinks!
2	I took my parents here because it's one of their favorite places, but I wasn't that impressed.  The service was impeccable, but the food - not much different than Outback or Texas Roadhouse.
4	I've been to this Ruth's Chris several times. Often in the winter, we will head in for an early dinner and then skate off the calories at the PPG ice rink across the street.As long as you make a reservation, seating shouldn't be a problem. I have never had to wait more than five minutes unless I was waiting for someone. If you do have to wait, sit at the bar and order one of their cocktails (Pear Martini and the mojito are excellent.) Extensive wine list.All of the appetizers are delicious. Favorites include the Ahi Tuna, crabcake, and stuffed mushrooms. But you're going there for the steak, right? Right. The last time I went, they had a special where two people could have filets and split a lobster. We elected for this option. I ordered my steak medium. It came out sizzling in butter. After overcoming my caveman urges to tuck in to the obviously too-hot-to-eat-yet steak, I instead ate some of the asparagus we ordered as an appetizer. Important note. At Ruth's Chris, almost all sides are family sized so you can share. Our asparagus was perfectly cooked and was accompanied by a delicious hollandaise. Finally, we made our way to the steaks. Cooked exactly to order and seared in butter, it was delicious and tender. The lobster was slightly overcooked, but still tasty. Service is always excellent. Tip well. Cons. The restaurant is very expensive. I like to go for special occasions or for when they have specials.
5	Dinned here last night for my birthday. Absolutely wonderful. Our waitress Erin was the best. Had the Porterhouse for two. Cooked to perfection. Drinks were great. This place lives up to all the hype. Best meal I have ever had. Had the strawberries and creme for desert, they were so sweet and delicious. The management were very nice and accomadating since we arrived about an hour early.  We are looking forward to coming back at New Years Eve.
4	I took my girlfriend here for our 6 month anniversary dinner for a nice night out. I had been here several times before but she had not. As per past experience it was a very nice experience with a good wait staff, and wonderful food. As usual I managed to devour every bit of my t-bone. When asked ifnwe were going to have dessert we declined as we decided to go to our favorite dessert place. We were pleasantly surprised when our waitress retrned with a plate which had strawberries and whipped cream, and happy anniversary written in chocolate! Needless to say that was quite wonderfully sweet in a few ways! All in all we will be dining here again.
5	Just had a meal here a few hours ago. Nearly pooed myself looking at the prices. I usually get a free bum wipe with steaks over $20. he he.Having said that, we knew it was going to be expensive, and didn't care.  We wanted to try it. I usually prefer steaks from Brazil or Argentinian restaurants as they are the best. But in Pittsburgh... those types of restaurants are a rare find. The steak was extremely good! I'm not totally sure if it was great value for money, but having said that, nothing was left on my plate! So I can't complain! And the restaurant is located in my favourite skyscraper! So I got to take photos of my favourite building on my holiday visit to Pittsburgh!So my final words... are YUM!
5	When it comes to the high-end chain steakhouses, Morton's and Capital Grille are great.  They consistently deliver great steaks and dependable apps, sides, and desserts.  However, my first and forever true love for steaks will always be Ruth's Chris.  I can still remember my first trip there in high school after my buddy's dad took us there to celebrate graduation.  As the 500 degree plate came out with the glorious aroma of perfectly cooked meat sizzling in butter, I knew I was not only in for something special, but a livelong love.Ruth's Chris is a franchise and the setting in different cities can be quite variable.  The Philadelphia Ruth's Chris is right next to the Academy of Music with gas lamps lighting Broad St.  The Boston's Ruth's Chris is in old city hall with a beautiful ceiling 2 stories up in the bar area.  Pittsburgh's Ruth's Chris cannot boast such extravagance in their setting, but the food is equally outstanding in all their restaurants.My recent venture to Ruth's Chris was with 4 other young men in a "guys night out."  I brought several bottles of wine (you have to love the PA Chairman's selection) because Ruth's Chris amazingly allows you to do this.  We started with the seared Ahi tuna.  It was raw, thick, and delicious.  Actually, it kind of tasted like steak.We each went on to get various cuts of meat.  I personally rolled with my favorite:  NY Strip, medium rare (correctly done with a blood red center), extra butter.  The extra butter is key.  If you're going to roll with a decadent feast of steak, might as well pull out all the stops.  It was brought out absolutely perfect and delicious.  The table also shared the excellent huge family-style sides of asparagus and garlic mashed potatoes.Our server was extremely gracious.  She opened and decanted a couple of our bigger bottles as soon as we sat down to give them time to breathe.  They arranged for us to have a cab-van at the end of our meal to take us to our next location.  If I was really searching for something negative to say, it's that I wish that the Pittsburgh Ruth's Chris was in a more extravagant setting like some bigger cities.  However, since the main menu is exactly the same, Ruth's Chris is forever my go-to location for a perfect steak dinner.
5	I came here for lunch recently and all was excellent. I come here about 4 times a year. When I do go I prepare myself by not eating red meat several days prior to going. On the day of I make sure to eat a normal but smaller breakfast. No bagels as they occupy too much space. I arrive a bit later, I am a bit hungrier and the staff that remains are long time regulars who know me but are also there to earn a living and make my visit worthwhile. I always order a filet, medium with mushrooms. I don't drink when go, the beef is too good to have my senses misdirected. The plate and filet arrive in minutes, the plate is sizzling at 500 degrees, if by chance there is too much red in the meat I cut a piece and sizzle it right there on the plate. I recently tried the salmon on a recommendation from the owner and was wowed how good it was. Panko crumbs and lemon, great stuff. I always feel they go the extra mile for me but the food and service are always top notch i can assume this is the standard.
4	I wavered between 4 and 5 stars here. If the rating was strictly based on food, I'd go with 5, easily. But, it's based on service, too, which is why I had to knock one off. Here's the deal...I love Morton's. Its old-school interior and no-gimmicks shtick is awesome. Plus, of course, the food is fantastic. However, I wanted to branch out, and Ruth's Chris had some great reviews, so I utilized Yelp's oh-so-convenient Open Table reservation feature, and scored a table for two on a Saturday night. Our reservation was for 8:30. We arrived right on the dot, but were told to go to the bar and wait. So, my boyfriend and I both got cocktails -- he had Glenlivet, which is obvs hard to mess up, and I got the Peachy Pear-tini, which was delish. And then, we waited. And waited. Around 9, our table was ready. Our waitress was Kristen, and she was fantastic. Very attentive, friendly, witty, and knowledgeable about the food. Here's our food rundown:- Barbequed shrimp app: I initially thought was BBQ sauce + shrimp, but it ain't. It's succulent li'l shrimp in a deliciously garlicky, white wine-infused sauce with a cayenne kick. Kristen suggested that we dip the bread in the sauce after the shrimp were gone, and we happily took her up on that. -Ruth's chopped salad: Holy crap. The most memorable salad of my life. I rarely rave about salads. In fact, I think this is the first time I ever have in my life. But, this salad was incredible! It has crispy onion strings on top, hearts of palm (which I love), and this amazing lemon-basil dressing, among other delicious things. So awesome.- Filet mignon: My boyfriend and I both opted for the filet. I got mine with extra butter, he got his with a bleu cheese crust. Mine was phenomenal. The sizzling butter really adds an extra dimension of flavor that puts it beyond Morton's. My boyfriend found the bleu cheese to be a li'l too generous, and he wound up scraping some off, but still enjoyed it.- Broccoli au gratin: Again, phenomenal. I've never enjoyed broccoli so much. Granted, it was swimming in bubbling, gooey cheese...- Potatoes lyonnaise: We took a risk here, as many people rave about the garlic mashed potatoes, and we saw mountains of them carried past our table. But, it paid off big-time. These were, hands-down, the BEST lyonnaise potatoes EVER. Pamela's has nothing on these. Every mouthful was a medley of crusty brown potatoes and caramelized onion goodness. I dream about these potatoes.So, based on that experience, we went back again the next Saturday. Different waitress, same food (literally, we ordered exactly the same items, 'cause they were so damn good). I don't remember the waitress' name that we had the second time, but we waited longer for food to appear, were checked on far less, she took the cocktail shaker with my extra martini in it before I'd gotten to pour it in my glass, our steaks were not done correctly (he got my medium-rare, I got his medium-well), and it took forever to get the check. I really think it ruins the experience when you're done eating and ready to go, and you're just sitting there, drumming your fingers, looking around the dining room and wondering, "Where the hell is the waitress with our check?" That said, we will definitely be back. We'll just request to be seated in Kristen's section! :)
4	My wife and I went here to celebrate an early Valentine's Day.  We rarely eat out at expensive restaurants.  The wine selection was very good.  Like many restaurants, you're paying 3x-4x retail prices.The service staff was very friendly, as you would expect for a restaurant like this one.  My wife wanted something changed on one of their plates and they seemed particularly inflexible.  I thought it odd considering how much we were paying.The scallop appetizer was very good.  $15 for three very tasty scallops.The vegetarian platter was also very good and the petit filet + blackened shrimp was excellent.  I thought the filet was a little crustier on the outside than I like.  It was cooked the way I ordered it: medium rare; I just thought the outside was a little more cooked than I usually like.No dessert for us.
5	Always amazing! My Husband and I frequent Ruth's Chris for almost every special-occasion: birthdays, anniversaries, when we need a great meal; and without fail we leave euphoric. After almost each bite, we close our eyes to shut-out the sense of sight to focus on the taste and aroma of the garlicky, creaminess of the Remoulade on our salads; the richness of the Pesto on our Sea Scallops; the buttery-goodness of our dry-aged steak; and the salty crunch of our French Fries, which Kathy suggested we dip into Honey-mustard for a fantastic salty-sweet combination.Friday is a good reason to go... Reservations are calling!
5	I loved my everything about my experience at Ruth Chris.  It was a bit expensive, but the service was outstanding and the food was delicious.  I would definitely go again.
5	No matter which location I go to, I am never disappointed with Ruth's Chris.  I would live here if I could...  Feeling hungry?  Try the Porterhouse...AWESOME!
2	As early 90's rapper Tone-Loc once said "Let's do it."Unless you have spent your first 20 years or so in a subterranean nuclear fall out bunker, odds are you know of Ruth's Chris. The legendary steakhouse is supposedly the final word in steak outside of NYC and Texas. If this is the case then my oh my how the mighty have fallen. I have been to several Ruth's Chris locations around the PA, NY, and NJ area, but the one here in Market Square is truly a disappointment. When I go to a real steakhouse, like Peter Luger's, or the Old Homestead, or any other Ruth's Chris location I have visited, I expect to pay top dollar for top dollar steaks. I will never complain about the price so long as I feel as if the quality and quantity of food as well as the dining experience I recieve is fair in proportion to what I pay. The cheapest steak in the M2 Ruth's Chris will run you about thirty dollars. Normally, this would not be a problem had the establishment lived up to its reputation. Sadly, however, they did not.First, let's start with the decor. Ruth's Chris is a chain, first and foremost. That being said all locations are going to have the same basic look: old wood, magnum wine bottles, white tableclothes and red walls. I expect this sort of thing in a steakhouse. They are the last holdouts from the old industrial capitalist era. I feel as if I were to walk in, I might see Andrew Carneghie or John Rockefeller sitting at the bar discussing how unffair anti-trust legislation is.Continuing with the bar, Ruth's Chris offers a fantastic wine selection that has a pleasant mixture of affordable, yet quality, choices as well as a few that would cost me six months' rent. They also have a decent coctail menu, no doubt created by a corporate mixologist, that I must say is good. My girlfriend is not a fan because she can actually taste the alcohol in the majority of the concoctions, but I think that is a good thing. The bar is about the only place where you get the quality for the money you are spending.The most dissappointing aspect about my last few visits have been the steaks. Ruth's Chris is known for basting their steaks in butter, which I do like. Fat is deliscious and that is proof enough for me that we are meant to eat it. This is where the goodness ends. On my second to last visit, a member of my party was served a rancid steak. The server tried to say it was dry-aged, but dry-aging does not produce a metallic, green beef. On my most recent visit, I was served a filet mignon that was tough. I have no idea how they were able to serve a tough portion of the least used muscle on the cow, but they did.All of this brings me back to the service. I understand you are working in a fine dining, expensive steakhouse. I get that you throw down $300 plust dollar checks thirty or so times a night. I get that you are on first name basis with the Pens, Bucs, and Steelers that call themselves your regulars. That does not make me chop liver. I feel that if you are not wearing at least $3,000 worth of clothes or accessories, the staff will basically ignore you.The saving grace to the place would be the bar and decor I already mentioned, and the sides. Ruth's Chris, like most fine dining establishments runs an a la carte menu. The sides are usually very very good. I like the sauteed mushrooms, sauteed spinache, lyonaise potatoes, macaroni and cheese, and the wedge salad.All in all, this place gets a two in my book. I think that this is kind of sad given the fact that I was hoping to give them a five, but the quality of the food compared to what you pay just is not up to standard. For $250 I can feed and booze six friends at my house instead of me and my girlfriend at Ruth's Chris.
5	Best Steaks in Pittsburgh!!! I come here a lot for special occasions.  It is a pricy place but it is worth every penny. I had a New York Strip and it was really tender and juicy.  Definitely one of my favorite restaurants.  The service is excellent also.
2	ok I am trying to catch up on my reviews and since coming back from vaca in great SF and I have jetlag with nothing else to at the moment, I am trying to do just that. My husband and I have eaten at RCSH over the years and with each visit the service has gotten increasingly worse! The food is wonderful as always but really with our dinners averaging 200 plus tip I believe the service should be topnotch. What happened RC???? WE LOVE your food but can't justify the prices with service so bad. We should not have to keep looking around for our waiter for a drink refill and we told numerous times we would like bread with our meal and when we brought it up to him, his reply was, "oh the bread is done yet" and no reply about the drinks...sad...too busy talking with the other staff(this did happen last October, before the Yo-yo Ma concert we attended) Hey, maybe they have improved..but ah we are not taking anymore chances with this place!
2	I took my parents out to celebrate the Christmas season.  My mother ordered the petite filet mignon, which she thought was very good.  The sides we ordered - mashed potatoes and creamed spinach, were also good.  However, my father and I shared the porterhouse for two.  For $90, I would have expected a much better piece of meat.  Flavor was good, but It was tough.  There were some pieces which could not be cut by my knife.  In addition, the presentation was poor.  They put a big plate in the center of the table, then cut up the steak into 10 or 12 cubes.  These cubes were then cooked.  I could have done better at home.
3	What can you say about a chain like this? Well, the steaks are quality, and my filet was done Pittsburgh rare just as I asked. All the sides are pretty pedestrian steak-house fare. I will say the veg wasn't overcooked.The decor needs a makeover big-time. Heavy cafe curtains and shutters cover the windows - closed in to the point that you don't realize half the restaurant is glass! It could just as easily be in a basement. The finishes - oak, printed carpet, banquette upholstery - is just a bit above what was standard in Eat-n-Park just over a decade ago.These places will always be popular for a certain demographic of diner - but I can't help to think a light re-invention and a little imagination would lift them above Morton's and the like. With all the creative cooking going on in America these days, Ruth's Chris is coasting a bit.Lunch is better than dinner - the portions are more realistic, and you don't have to have 6 people dining to make use of their family-size side dish portions.
5	Always top notch service and food at Ruth's Chris Pittsburgh. They have some summery specials during these cold winter months to bring you out of the post-holiday funk, which is very refreshing to see. Stop in for lunch for great deals on amazing food. Their lunch cuts of beef, chicken and fish include 2 sides and a salad for an extremely reasonable price. I got the lunch petite filet, veggies, mashed potatoes and appetizer salad for 28 bucks! Not bad for a steakhouse. Our server was incredible, as usual, and was extremely attentive of my gluten-free needs. The servers are extremely knowledgeable of the menu and will accommodate you no matter what. The decor is a bit dated and is due for a remodeling, but perhaps that will be on the list of things to do for the chain since they are celebrating their 25th anniversary this year!
2	I'm really torn by this review. For years and years this was my favorite restarant in the downtown area. We went there last Saturday for dinner and had what I would deem an average meal at exorbitant prices. The salads, while tasty, were much smaller than I had remembered previously.  The side dishes, again, were seemingly smaller to not only me but our party as well. Unfortunately, the worst part of my meal were the steaks. For $45 I received a New York Strip that was WAY overpriced (my wife makes it all the time and much much better) and was, in a word, chewy. The service overall, was quite good, unless you like a car valet (they don't have it). Next time I'll try Morton's or Capital Grille.
5	Can't go wrong with 50 dollar prime beef every so often. This place is a treat... a very very expensive treat. No complaints at all about the food or the service. If your considering this restaurant then you know what to expect and that is top quality all around.Side note... I think the steaks are just a little bit better than Texas Roadhouse and you could buy three of their steaks for the price of one at RC. Just sayin'.
3	Good overall experience, but for the price I'd really like my steak to be perfect. The whole table ordered medium rare but ate a medium steak because the hot plate that the steaks were served on continued cooking the steak
2	Good steak if you don't get out much.  Not nearly as good as the price would lead you to believe.  Ruth's Chris will never be a Morton's or a Gibson's.  While Pittsburgh does not have a Gibson's, you should really go to Morton's.  The atmosphere is alright, the drinks moderately stiff, and the salad was great...  But one is supposed to come here for steak. Regrettably, my last two trips (I wasn't paying... hence why I went back) gave me a piece of beef like my late grandma would cook in her oven's broiler with butter.  For a $50 strip, I would expect it to be more like the hand cut, unfrozed meat I make for my grilling parties.  As such, I would rather fire my grill up in December than give Ruth's Chris more money for mediocrity.Good Talk.
1	Apparently I wasn't important enough with my lunch burger order (even though it was $16.95...) because my server did not come back to see if it was cooked medium, which it certainly was NOT. When I FINALLY got a chance to ask about it, she acted indignant that I would question her then checked her pad, yes, I ordered medium. Then she stared at me. Stared. I have to say, I have never felt smaller in any restaurant experience in my life. Extremely disappointing and appalling. Will give our business to Capital Grille from now on. I urge you to do the same.
5	The best restaurant in the burgh..I travel from California and this is my go to place to eat..sweet potato with vanilla ice cream so good
4	This is the third Ruth Chris I've been to. The steak was delicious as usual, but the service and overall atmosphere was a little off. The other locations I've visited have been located in casinos and I have to say they are more laid back and comfortable. You didn't feel like you had to whisper to your dinner mates. The only food complaint I have is that the asparagus was very large and barely warm. But luckily the bread and potatoes were more than enough to go with my steak. Parking here is free if you can find the lot. There was no mention of the parking online or when I made the reservation. So we paid for parking and had to walk a few blocks.
4	A sizzling steak is their signature. But, when I think of this place, I think old man's club. Sorry, I just do. Steak, the MAN's meat. But was that sizzling petite filet good? It was delicious! And "petite" meaning 8oz, which isn't even petite in my book!We came here for the Hubs birthday pick. It had been a really long time since I'd been here, so I was foggy on the details of what to expect, other than steak. We were happy to hear they just started carrying oysters, so we ordered up some Blue Points. I loved whatever lemon/vinegar concoction came with it!The sides were just okay. We ordered the brussells with bacon and cheesy potatoes. Nothing fabulous, but not bad by any means. Plus, you get complimentary bread. Which you need once you receive the bill. Daaaaaaaaang is it expensive. That's one thing I will always remember! One thing I will say is that the service is exceptional. I would expect nothing less. Especially because you gotstabe ballin' if you come here. You will not be ballin' when you leave... because you'll be broke. But you'll be full!
5	We decided to enjoy a Saturday night dinner at Ruth Chris for my wife Denise's and my sis Leah's birthdays. The meal was awesome, the service was great and the overall experience with my family and daughters there could not have been better. I tried to grab a bunch of pictures but you will see I had the New York Strip, the W and I each got different salads and shared w our girls, the table got 4 different appetizers, 5 different side dishes, and a bunch of desserts. We did plow through some bottles of Robert Mondavi merlot. I think this is a wonderful stop and they went above and beyond to make the kids happy too. They don't rush you and let you savor a great meal.
4	Alot of people wrote spot on positive reviews so i will some it up, they are probably the best steak house in Pittsburgh and that is saying something.  Pittsburgh has many good steakhouses.  Go earlier in the week, if your like me you hate waiting but Ruth's is probably the exception if you dont have a resavation. ScoreFood Quality 5Service 4Atmosphere 4 Value 4Recommend 5Tier 1
2	Hostess: 1.0Bartender/ waiter: 2Food: 3Property: style decor ambiance: 2When did they start storing their stuffed olives in Styrofoam cups?
3	During a pre-Penguins game dinner around 5:00pm on a Thursday, we dined with another couple.  The place was completely empty.The two hostesses were nice enough.  The waitress seemed preoccupied, and just didn't deliver the service that you'd expect from this high-end chain.The food was good to very good, and no one went away disappointed.The lobster bisque and crabtini were delicious.  All the sides were good, especially the mashed sweet potatoes.  They were almost like a dessert.  Bone-in ribeye and filet were good --- although someone (server? kitchen?) reversed the cook on two filets and the associated toppings.  They apologized, switched the plates, and just assumed everything would be ok.  It wasn't and steaks had to go back.Because of the high dollar value meal, I would have expected better from them!I really like Ruth's Chris, but they have to step up their service!  ESPECIALLY when the restaurant isn't busy!
5	Employees were all working hard very nice and conversational.  My family and I enjoyed celebrating my birthday here over the weekend
2	So many people have raved about this place so I was so excited to bring my husband for his birthday. We were greeted by friendly staff and walked through the room that smelled of wonderful steak. We were seated and our waiter was very friendly and knowledgeable. Everything was fine until we got the food which was disappointing. I ordered off the special menu and had the corn chowder, a filet and lobster tail, a side of creamed spinach and dessert for about $55. My husband had the cowboy ribeye for $65, the scallops to start and a side of brussel sprouts. The corn chowder was ok but not very hot. The scallops which came recommended were ok but they were on a pesto sauce which was simply too overpowering for the delicate scallop. We used the pesto to dip the bread in. The steaks came and were both overcooked. They were supposed to be medium rare but my filet was well done and his was more like medium. We should have complained but we decided to just eat bc we didn't want to wait and didn't think that they would be less well done since they come on a scorching hot plate. My husband liked the brussel sprouts but my creamed spinach was not hot and was stringy. Again, the food was mediocre but the staff was extremely friendly. I booked on opentable and told them that it was his birthday and they did bring him a complimentary dessert. I prefer Morton's, Ditkas and Peter Luger's.
2	I have eaten at a lot of Ruth's Chris joints.  This was the only place where nothing tasted like any of them.  Apparently not part of the main chain and it shows.   Fail on all levels.  Had to send steak back twice before I just said to hell with it.  Horrible.
5	This place has mouth watering steaks, unbelievable wine choices and impeccable service. I can not wait to go back.
3	Does not even compare to our hometown Ruth's Chris in Fairfax, Va. Normally this is where we'd get the best steak we ever tasted. My husband's filet was just ok and almost over cooked. My scallops were boarder line undercooked and were just ok. Probably one of the worst meals we've had at a Ruth's Chris. However hats off to our server, Kathy who was excellent and very on top of things. As well as the hostess and other support staff, bussers, etc.
5	Staff was exceptional, the food was delicious. Can't complain.
5	Just one word.....amazing. Food was incredible and service was impeccable. Thank you for a special evening!
5	Yes, it is a chain, but this location is still my favourite in Pittsburgh. Possibly it has to do with reminiscence. Here I had the first real steak of my life, and finally understood why anything above medium rare is considered butchery. Just watch out for the hot plates.
4	Ruth Chris Steakhouse is by far one of the best restaurants I've been to in Pittsburgh. Ironically, my family and I avoid eating red meats whenever possible, which seems awkward when dining at a renowned steakhouse. That being said, no red meat platters were placed in front of us.The service here is impeccable. The waiters are amazingly helpful, poised, and polite. The food we ordered arrived fairly quickly. I got the lobster mac 'n' cheese, my dad ordered chicken, my sister got medium rare fish, my mom ordered a salad, and as sides we all ordered cream spinach and mashed potatoes with garlic. All the foods were flavorful and seasoned and prepared perfectly. As we moved onto dessert, the choices were hard because everything sounded extremely delectable. I got the Chocolate Sin Cake, which the espresso and chocolate mixed together was mouth-watering. My sister ordered the Strawberries and Cream. The strawberries tasted fresh and sweet. My parents split an amazingly tempting apple cobbler served warm with vanilla ice cream and overflowing with delicious apples
