5	Great service from Karen in customer service!  She was wonderful!
1	Will not be doing any business with them if I can help it.  Was just cold called about their 'exciting plans' to my cell phone.
1	This review is in regards to the signup process. If you are thinking of signing up with AZblue.com. You better have a lot of patients and if you are stressed out you may want to drink a bottle of wine and get inebriated before trying to sign up. Because you will want to pull your hair out. I have never experienced such horrible proficiency from a company of that size. It was so horrendous that i believe that someone is intentionally trying to destroy their business. This is why i believe this. Remember - Blue Cross has a new competitor.and it's the govt. Anyone that knows the govt is run by the mafia known as the Illuminati who will do anything to destroy competitors even assasination. Yes, i know it's hard to believe but i know people who have experienced this.  Well i think they are purposely being destroyed b/c i could not sign up for a health plan and pay for the life of me. I tried for 24 hours and could not give them my credit card information. No one would take it. Their internet system wasn't working and when i tried to sign up for hours i kept getting error messages. When i called their phone number the woman took my information and would NOT take my credit card info and would not give me my ID number. She told me to call someone else. I called the second number to get an automated system that asked for my ID number, which i did not have because the first lady would not give me one or take my payment. Then i tried to press one of the numbers on the automated system and the phone went dead. I had to call back and finally got a person on the line who redirected my call to another automated system. Then a woman picked up the phone finally to tell me she doesn't see my info and that's it. I said how on earth do i pay. She just sat there blankly and said to call another number. I said i did call member services and they directed me to you. While i was talking to her the phone went dead a couple of times and the only thing i could hear was interference of music. Let it be known i was on a landline and had no trouble calling other companies. I still do not know how to pay for my insurance and do not have a member number to login to their site. Their company seems to be operating like a micky mouse organization and i have never seen anything like it from a company that is so big. My advice to the president is to check who is working for you. Fortify your website. Offer other ways to communicate with sales people like online chat or something. Your system is so horrible that i suspect you are under some type of attack and intentional destruction from inside. I would check your employees to make sure that they are not intentionally destroying your operations. That 's how the govt does it. They infiltrate and destroy. They do it all the time to competitors of pharmaceutical companies and free energy device companies. I think you are being destroyed from the inside.
