1	Awful, awful, awful. Do not ever give these guys $$ unless you want to work with a company that doesnt tell you all of the hidden costs and fees you have to pay after paying initial fee.. There were "requirements" to get back the $100 gift card, and they refused to give it to us after driving all the way to Vegas to get something back after paying so much up front... And yes, if you do manage to make it into their required "presentation, be prepared for a hardball timeshare pitch where the only way about is to get hostile back, which is something i dont like to do... Just know that they are trained to take your money, bait you in, then make you feel bad for not giving more or jumping thru major hoops only to find that you dont get what you thought you were going to getStay away! There are good enough hotel deals in Vegas to not have to go through these guys
1	If I could give a negative star I would! Not for the location, but the company as a whole! DO NOT BELIEVE ANYTHING THEY SAY! They pay for the worst airline possible and cheapest hotel you can imagine. Lets not forget the 7 hidden fees on everything attached that adds up to about $400. I would get more into detail but they have already wasted my time enough! Trust in me and you will be safer doing it on your own for better accommodations at a better price! These people just want your money and that's it! WORST TRIP OF MY LIFE!
1	NOT TO BE TRUSTED!A great getaway for my wife goes down as my worst experience ever!!!Or should I say, no experience.Purchased a 2 nigh package through Casablanca Express in Vegas at the Riveria...  brand new, renovated rooms with many features was the pitch, with many great offers including a $200 dinner and other great perks.Arrived at the hotel only to learn that our reservations were cancelled by Casablanca Express.  No written notice.  Said they tried to reach me three separate times by phone, something that was disconnected last May.  Never an email, never a response to my phone messages that I left for them.  How do they getaway with cancelling something I paid for?  How can a Vegas Hotel allow a "scam" reservation group to do this to them --- THEY BOTH WILL NOT BE USED, or VISITED IN THE FUTURE!An ATTORNEY GENERAL in Nevada should do something about these type of organizations.  Enough said.  I am done venting.  I will chalk this up to the worst experience, and one I will always remember when dealing with future offers.  They aren't worth it!
1	Take Casablanca Express for what it is, the Ghetto Junket travel agency that tries to take your money after giving you a "Free" or what seems to be a free trip to Vegas. If your looking for a cheap way to stay in Vegas, CBX might be your answer. No high rollin here, it's ghetto from when you first park your car to when you pay all the "Resort Fees" in the remodeled Riviera or Plaza Hotels. I have news for you CBX,  resort fees are for resorts! At least be truthful and call them what they are, ghetto fees because the Riviera and the Plaza ain't resorts! Your gut tells you when you're staying the the Plaza or the Riviera, ghetto!Oh and that fine customer service from the staff at the Vegas office of casablanca express, again, ghetto.Tell you what you want to hear and hang up as soon as possible! And that's why your business only has one star!Casablanca express is really like the used car sales of vegas vacations! Once they have your money you're stuck and have no recourse for what happens or what you were promised and don't get!!Take a good look at at their rating everyone! It's only a one star average because we couldn't give anything lower! Don't do it! Any manager's from CBX reading this? If you're interested email me, I have names and dates!
2	I got a phone call probably from filling out contest raffle form at an AMC theater.  A representative called me at October and said that all I had to do is attend a 90 minute presentation.  I would then get a 3 night stay at Vegas (weekdays) or 2 night stay (Friday and Saturdays), $100 cash, $100 restaurant.com gift card, $200 Binion's free slot play voucher, and a three night voucher bonus vacation stay.  The catch? $199 charged to my credit card.  I called to book my stay.  The rep made my request easy.  I was to stay at Plaza hotel in downtown Las Vegas.  The hotel is not bad for a remodeled.  Rooms were bigger than average fitting two queen beds.  More on the hotel on a separate review.My presentation was set for the next day in the morning.  Check in was easy I just needed a "significant" other.  I had my relative as my significant other.  To them our IDs showed that we lived at the same address.  To be qualified for free goodies you have to be living with a significant other or be married.  90 min presentation (at Saturday 10 am) was more like two hours.  They show a video and an agent ask questions from a classroom sized of qualified prospects regarding their opinion of having a hotel versus a point based vacation ownership.  Then everyone is broken into couples and a dedicated sales rep go for the close.  If you don't bite then another rep comes to talk.  If not you get to talk to a "manager" who gives you the goodies after saying no.  For the free trip to Vegas or Hawaii (your additional bonus vacation voucher) be prepared to pay processing fee and deposits.  The room was good but paying 15 dollar a day for resort fee was not pleasant as other reviewers said the plaza does not justify being a resort.  Got 100 dollars cash as promised.  The bite card is semi useful if you are watching shows at the quad like "recycled percussions."  Or go on a Grand Canyon tours.  Check out vegasbitecard.com to see participating retailers.  The restaurant.com card was a joke.  Why would I have to pay to get a discount? The $200 free slot play in horseshoe was a scam.  You play a carnival slot which prints a coupon for free picture of you and a million dollars cash (cash protected in one inch plexiglass clear casing).  If they say you can rent out your timeshare for money it's obviously a scam as timeshares cost thousands and you don't own the property, only a vested interest.  Think of how softwares you bought.  In reality you only bought I license to use the software.  I would've been happy if the room and resort fees were comped and the 200 dollar slot play could be used to play on real slots using my players card.  As a result I don't trust em unless my stay is absolutely free with the cost of a 90 minute presentation.
1	I really, really wish I would've read these reviews before I booked with them. I bought a deal on Colorado's Best Deals (a Groupon-like website), and then when I called in to book my stay, they pretty much up-sold me into staying for 4 nights for "free," as long as I listened to a 90 minute time share presentation.What other people say here is 100% true. When you get to Vegas, they'll be no strip for you. Nope, rather a shuttle ride to the "fine" Plaza (I'll review this he*l hole more later) in downtown Las Vegas.It was one of the most horrifying hotel stays I've ever had. The room was tiny, had stains all over the walls and carpet and smelled horrible. The sink clogged (and smelled rotten), the staff was rude (except for the Poker Dealer -- he was great), and they have a $12 "resort" fee to cover your 2 bottles of water and a tiny, stinky fitness room.The timeshare presentation itself wasn't so bad. The company, RSL Resorts, I believe, were right in the hotel, so all we had to do was take the elevator down to floor 3. The salesman was horrible (just a bad salesman), which made telling them no that much easier.In any case, I guess the old mantra "you get what you pay for" is true. You pay "free" through Casablanca Express, expect to get that kind of quality. My suggestion: AVOID THEM AT ALL COSTS!)
1	Whatever you do--DO NOT book with this travel agency. My friend and I had made a reservation through them for the Riviera, not knowing the nightmare we were about to endure. Less then a week before we were supposed to leave for Las Vegas, my friend received a phone call from Casablanca saying that the Riviera oversold on rooms and were sold out due to a convention, so we were either to switch and stay at the Plaza Hotel, or cancel our trip. This became an immediate problem for us because 1) our flights were not refundable, 2) we had already made plans to meet other people out there who were also staying on the strip, and 3) the Plaza Hotel is 4 miles off the strip. The travel agent was so rude, and seemed to care less about helping us find any other alternative that would allow us to stay on the strip. When we mentioned that being this far away from the strip would now cause us to pay hefty cab fares, the travel agent pretty much told us to either suck it up and pay for a taxi, or take public transportation. Unacceptable. I thought travel agencies were supposed to work with you not against you? I guess this one didn't get the memo.        The day before we were to leave for Las Vegas, my friend called the Riviera to see if our reservation had been cancelled, and it had, but my friend was then asked if we wanted to make a different one. It turns out that Casablanca had LIED to us about the Riviera being sold out, and there really wasn't a convention going on during the days we were to be there. This was the last straw. Now not only are they an absolutely useless travel agency, but they are liars. I will never use this travel agency ever again, and I will never recommend them to anyone. If you want your vacation to go smoothly do not use this company, because they will surely ruin it.
