4	I think this may be the first ever unsa unsa club I have enjoyed. Crowded but not annoying, great music, fun crowd. I would certainly go back!
3	nightclubs in vegas should be... well, there to be discovered, right?  so out with the reviews.. And doesnt the phrase also go, what happens in vegas stays in vegas?  Ha.. just kidding.  I actually had an excellent time there. It's a bit crowded, but the music was fun and they have a full bar.  Only, one small thing to remember though, was seeing this girl's hair full of hairspray go up in flames when she unconsciously dipped it into a votive candle.  poor thing caused a huge scene and lost her hair.  I wonder if she shaved her head in her hotel room
2	My girlfriends and I came here because we had passes to get in for free. While were walking to the door, a promoter asked if we wanted to get in for free. We told him we already had passes. He said he would put our names on the list so we wouldn't have to wait in line.He did and we went right in while people in the super long line yelled at us. Nice! The music was alright and it seemed like more of a lounge that a club. There isn't anywere to sit down unless you have bottle service. Apparently there isn't anywere to stand either because the bouncers kept yelling at my friend and shooing us away!You can either dance all night on the tiny dance floor or shell out $$$ for bottle service to sit down.This place sucked and I only give it two stars because we got in for free without waiting.
2	it started from the beginning... before we even got into the club. the wait. this is the only time i had ever been to a club where the bouncers outside selected people from a huge crowd to come inside. it was pretty obnoxious. i had a few things going for me to ensure my wait in line wasn't very long. first: have a vagina. second: if you have a vagina, show either legs or cleavage. third: be attractive. as my friend and i stood there waiting to get hand selected (LAME); my friend turned and asked me how i was so certain they would choose us to get in. i smiled knowing that her and i already had the first three things going for us. however, so did all the other females standing outside waiting to get in. i however had something almost none of them had; the advantage of height! i'm already 5'10", so when you add heels, i'm 6'2"! pretty hard to deny the girl who is nearly a head taller than every other female showing cleavage who is standing in line! once inside, i wasn't impressed. it was small and seemed sort of snooty. i like when everyone is dancing and seems to be having the time of their life; but this wasn't the case. people were standing on the dance floor...sort of shaking their ass', but not really. in all i think our whole light experience last about an hour and a half: twenty to thirty minutes waiting to get in, and an hour of boredom inside. there are so many better clubs in vegas... the light simply isn't it.
1	REASONS WHY I DO NOT DRINK TEQUILA: i am banned here for life. yup. for life. uh huh... not just for Light... but from Bellagio. the VIP people don't know what they're doing. mainly because they combined our party with a bunch of crazy red necks without consulting us. we ended up getting into a fight with the red neck party and the security guards stomped on our heads while some of us were sprawled out on the floor. they completely did the WRONG thing and participated in knocking us all down, destroying my brand new LV purse (because it was covered in people's blood) and not STOPPING the fight. now, i'm no fighter. i CAN fight and have had training, but i'm more of a "let's work it out" kind of chick. not when drinking tequila. it is the devil. i... turn into the devil. we ended up being handcuffed and taken away by the Bellagio security. apparently... Light's cameras weren't working that night, so they had NO live or recorded feed of what happened or the fact that their bouncers were involved in the fight; not stopping it. WOW. view photo. that crystal bowl..? yeah, i smashed it on someone's head.
