4	I went to see 'Copenhagen'. The theater has an ultramodern exterior that actually hides pretty traditional, apparently the-oldest-in-Edinburgh, Victorian-style theater interior. The place was not as nicely decorated in the 1950s or 60s as is now. (I overheard the old timer relating to his friend that he used to come here with his dad back then for some cheap vaudeville shows and now it seems far more glamorous than back then). Well, the renovation did not include air conditioning or more leg space. Be prepared to peel off your layers. Not much can be done about long legs, I am afraid. The guy selling the tickets was ultra patient with me - a dumb first time tourist / visitor who does not know a zilch how the things work and needs to be explained everything twice. I loved the play. Definitely would recommend. A treat for the thought. And, amazingly, I warmed up to quantum physics afterwards. Even more amazingly, I think I understood what they were talking about ... Or so I think ...
4	I have been to a few performances in the Royal Lyceum over the last year and enjoy my evenings in this lovely, if slightly cramped, theatre.The Royal Lyceum is a 658 seat theatre, positioned nicely in the centre of town. It hosts mostly plays and is a principle venue in the International Festival. It's also a major venue for youth theatre. The performances shown are quite varied. They show a lot of classics as well as modern plays (although all tend to have quite modern interpretations). The only problem is that there does seem to often be a hiatus, with not a lot on at times. As others have suggested there is a sort of decorative dichotomy. The building is late 19th century but has some modern renovations outside. The interior is more traditional. Inside there are three bars inside the theatre to choose from. Overall I find the building really appealing.
5	Once upon a time there was a girl called Jen. Jen loved books and reading and the theatre and anything that took her to another imagined world, space and time. Especially the romanticised times of days gone by.How happy was Jen, then, to one evening be accompanied by very good friends to the Lyceum Theatre for one of the most splendid, exciting, memorable and all round awesome evenings in a long while.It has all that is good and right about old-world traditions made modern in our near-on space age era (compared to what the Victorians were used to, we're practically the Jetsons.)Contrast the square, all-glass exterior of the entrance to the plush royal blue and gold painted interior; and most especially the exquisite chandelier hanging, pride of place, in the theatre itself. Anyone who has seen Phantom of the Opera will know how important a chandelier is to a theatre.Some old-world, listed buildlings have the charm but lack the comfort. Clean toilets or warm rooms are sacrficied for beautiful cornicing. Not at the Lyceum. It was beautifully presented and maintained, a gorgeous modern entrance, warm, nice bathrooms, easily acccesible bar, really attentive friendly staff -and still with the historical features to give it romance and class.I came to see The Infamous Brother's Davenport here, running in February 2012. A Victoriana play based on the true story of the Davenport Brothers who could communicate with the dead (allegedly). Wonderful setting, brilliant actors, captivating plot. If you are reading this review in February 2012, go -go now. If you aren't, go to the Lyceum anyway for a play that tickles your fancy; regardless of the play, I'm sure you'll fall in love with the theatre itself.
