4	Everyone knows I'm a designer jean whore, so I got uber excited when I heard there was going to be a TRJ outlet added to the Las Vegas Premium Outlets lol.  On my recent trip to Sin City, we braved the 114 degree weather for an outdoor shopping excursion at my favorite outlets.  First stop, TRJ outlet!The store pretty much looks like the regular TRJ stores, but about half the size smaller.  Very woodsy/all American feel.  The store was very clean & organized, all jeans folded perfectly...even the items on the clearance table.  The bf found 2 pairs and I only found 1.  They were about $120/each.  I know that's a lot of $, but we were saving at least $65 a pair compared to regular prices.  I believe I even saw the one I purchased still for sale at MetroPark for regular price, too.  I was having sizing issues with the one I loved, and the sales associate that was helping me didn't hesitate to grab sizes for me.  Each time he'd give me a pair, he'd come back in a few minutes to check in.  I wasn't overly under a microscope like some at some stores which I hate.  He gave me just enough service I liked without be the key word: pushy.When purchasing my pair, I noticed a tiny, microscopic tear on the side of the jeans, so asked for another after it had already been rung up.  Again, my sales associate searched the store for another pair in my size.  After about 5 minutes, da dingggg.....he found it!  They didn't even have to scan it again...he just swaped out the other pair.They pretty much have the same jeans and prices you'd find at an Off 5th or Neiman Marcus Last Call outlet, but the organization and customer service is 10x better.
4	When I can find labels at a discount I get really happy... like their happy Buddha in their logo! The sales staff here is EXTREMELY helpful and friendly. I have to say though, shopping in 110 degree weather was extremely hard and I didn't have too much patience in trying on 8 diff pairs of jeans. In the end, I resigned and left... knowing that I had no room in my luggage. :(
5	Ummm hello? I found a very bad addiction here in sin city: True Religion Outlet. My bank account is in trouble...Hehe jk. But really, this store is awesome. Prices are comparable to Off Saks, and for some styles even better. Store is stocked to the brim and the staff is friendly and helpful. All sales are final so make sure you take a look at your item with a microscopic eye before you buy! The reason they discount these items is because they were considered "irregular" which could be anything as small as a couple misplaced stitches or a rip. So keep a close eye, but you will not be disappointed, selection is A+!
4	My best friend from Norway flew in and wanted to shop for popular American brands. I took him to this store because I assumed since True Religion is the most popular brand of blue jeans in America that it would also be very popular in Norway. To my surprise, he never heard about True Religion. Apparently, these are not that popular in Scandinavia.Well, I was happy to find a pair of True Religion Billy-Super Big T's for only $199.00. At the regular True Religion stores at the Forum Shops, and Miracle Mile Shops, I would have had to pay over $300 for them. So I saved a lot of money. These are the best jeans I have ever had in my life. The service was pretty good. The girl at the cashier was really friendly and nice. But, no one ever helped me when I walked into the store. I notice at this location they tend to not immediately service the people of Asian descent. This is a really stupid move because Asian people are the only people in America who still have a ton of money in this bad economy. We should be the people they come to first. The workers at places like Burberry seem to understand that concept, but whenever I come here I never get any help... but my European friend got mobbed the moment he stepped into the door.Overall, I think this location has an amazing selection even though it's an outlet store.  I saved over $100 so I'm happy.
4	Love this brand for sure.   Quality jeans with a great fit.  Had questions about their products and Belle was very informative and helpful.  Thank you.
4	While I prefer AG and Seven for all Mankind you can't really fault True Religion for being as popular as they are.  Made in America and one of the better companies for making more than just "skinny jeans" I picked up a great pair of white jeans with red contrast stitching here for 1/3 the retail cost and couldn't have been more pleased with the service.
5	Friendly, honest and very nice people.  Left my sunglasses and I thought they were lost already.   Got a call from Dawn the next day that they found it.   Love the brand and this store.   Thank you!!
