2	Ran through the drive thru this morning. Why cant I find anyone in America who speaks English anymore? Spent 5 minutes at the box trying to order, surprisingly they actually got the order right after numerous (and I mean numerous) corrections because they a no comprende. I refuse to speak Spanish in this Country. Thank God for those monitors outside to make sure they get it right. Other then that the order was correct, hot & tasty. I like the Ultimate Breakfast sandwiches and had the hankerin for one.
4	I like Jack in the box.  I occasionally buy an order of tacos and share 1 with my dog (he loves them LOL)  I love their fish sandwich but it never seems to stay on their menu (it's only a promotional type item for some reason)  I just tried their new waffle breakfast sandwich and it was very yummy.Their food is always made fresh to order, ALWAYS hot.  I've never had a problem at this location or anywhere else.
3	I am a regular customer of this jack in the box. The employees are nice and friendly. The restaurant is usually clean on the inside. However, they have a major problem with the vagrants using the facilities. These people come in off the street with their own cups, then proceed to rob the store bye taking free soft drinks. How much contamination of the drinking area is done during this process? I've notified Jack in the Box management several times things improve, then the problem comes back.Beware of the drink a area it may be contaminated? I would give this Jack in the Box four stars except for this problem.
5	This place is awesome... the staff is awesome and the food is always fresh cooked and they have never got my order wrong. Great place and a pretty good variety of food... even though fast food, still pretty good!
1	Disgusting!I honestly wanted some in&out, but for some reason it was closed. So I got me jack in the box instead and I really likeJack in the box. I should have just got home hungry.I always get a jumbo jack, but this jumbo jack was like no other. The burger was soggy and I could not finish it. I had to throw it away. Not even my tacos felt like they were cooked right. I was over it once I pulled out the burger out of the bag, as soon as I felt like it was squished and soggy.
