5	This place is so new that when my friend suggested we go there for lunch, I had never even heard of it.  Fortunately, always up for something new, I agreed to go and I think I found a new favorite lunch spot downtown!  Bluebird Kitchen is located just around the corner of market square, next to Chipotle, and really sticks out as an original, non-chain, clean and cute bakery/eatery.  The inside is a gorgeous open space and very clean.  Their lunch menu is made up of an extensive selection of sandwiches, soups, salads and various sides.  (I didn't see the breakfast menu, but was informed they will start serving it tomorrow.)  In addition to lunch and breakfast, they had an array of delicious looking desserts.  The best part about Bluebird Kitchen is that everything is homemade daily, which is so refreshing.  For my lunch I got the Cuban sandwich and a cup of gazpacho.  My sandwich, served warm, was to die for!!  I could eat this sandwich for every meal and be a happy girl, except now I'm too intrigued and want to try everything else.  I did try to order the chicken salad sandwich at first, but they were all out of chicken salad.  (I went for a late lunch and they said this was a best seller - obviously I will be back to try it asap.)  My gazpacho was refreshing - I prefer a little more spice in mine, but I'm sure it's a bit different every day since it's made fresh.  As my friend and I were waiting for out food to be made, the owner, Liz (I think,) came to chat with us and was super friendly and genuinely interested in what we ordered.  She even offered me a free dessert while we waited!  (She clearly knew the way to my heart.)  I thought she just meant a free sample, but she gave me a whole gigantic cookie sandwich!  I'd be lying if I said this didn't make my day, maybe even week. :)  I got the chocolate cookie sandwich with pistachio filling.  Honestly, every dessert looked marvelous but I have a soft spot for pistachio desserts.  Like everything else, this cookie sandwich was excellent and I wish I could eat a dozen of them at once.My only suggestion would be that they put some chairs or seating in the space.  There are bar tops along two walls that some people were eating at standing up, but the space is definitely big enough to put in some small tables/chairs or at least stools at the bar tops.  My friend and I had planned to eat outside so this didn't affect us - it would just be a nice option.  I will be recommending this place to everyone I know - I even grabbed some menus to put in my office.  I really hope the best for this place and think we need more unique eateries like this downtown.  I can't wait to go back and slowly, but surely, try the rest of the menu!
4	Very nice addition to the Market Square area. I went for lunch and enjoyed the simplicity of the menu (soups, salads, sandwiches), but the complexity and thought that went into the individual items.I had the smoked turkey sandwich, and unlike the majority of smoked turkey sandwiches, it really tasted smoked. Very delightful. I didn't have any desserts, but one of the people I went with had a fudge brownie and said it was delightful. All the baked goods looked succulent. The staff was extremely friendly, overall a nice experience.
5	Fantastic!  Finally, a takeout downtown with really good food that's also good for you!  I hope they start selling their bread soon, too!  This will be my go to place from now on.
5	Finally had the chance to go here after watching it being constructed for what seemed like a decade. Had the fried egg sandwich with bacon, and it was really good. The quality of their ingredients is obvious, as the bacon was thick and flavorful, the eggs were delicious, and the bread was crisp on the outside and soft on the inside. This restaurant is a refreshing change of pace from some of the other options around downtown, and will hopefully be here to stay. Can't wait to go back and try some lunch sometime.
5	I don't know if anyone has been to the new Market Square restaurant named Bluebird Kitchen, but it is a lovely addition to Market Square.  Previously, if you wanted something other than a donut, bagel or Egg McMuffin, you were pretty hard pressed to find something else.  However, with the opening of the Bluebird Kitchen you will be able to find much more than those breakfast staples.   Recently, I had the opportunity to indulge my southern hankerings for an old fashioned breakfast of grits and eggs.  Boy oh boy, were they delicious!  The stone ground grits were creamy and had flecks of cheddar cheese mixed into the grits along with little nuggets of bacon.  Topped by sunny-side up eggs, this was a breakfast took me back to Columbia, SC where my mother was born.On another visit, the pastrami cured salmon on a toasted bagel made me believe that beef pastrami may be eliminated as my favorite type of pastrami.  With the addition of cucumber and oven dried tomato, this let me know that this restaurant gets all of the little details right.You also want to try this restaurant for lunch where the house roast turkey sandwich with bacon jam, that's right bacon jam, is smack your mama good!
5	Very impressed! I feel like I'm a pretty tough judge on deli/sandwich shops.  I think it's really easy to make a boring sandwich, salad or side.  They can just end up being bland and not creative at all.  That is NOT the case with this place (look at my rhyming!).  First thing's first.  Everything on the menu looked awesome!  From the sammies to the salads to the sides, it was really hard to decide.  I'm a sucker for roast beef and horsy dressing, so I went with the Roast Beef sandwich.  It definitely held it's own with a nice amount of meat, lettuce, tomato and horsy dressing (I love me some sauce!) on a delish ciabatta bread.  I also sampled the bean salad and pasta salad.  I LOVED the bean salad!  It was super tasty and had great flavor.  The pasta salad was bland.  I wouldn't get that again.  Only loser in the meal though... so I still left a very happy lady.The bakery part of the deli looked incredible!  I could have gobbled it all up.  I, of course, had to get something!  So I tried the homemade s'more.  It was ooey gooey goodness!  I had my eye on a couple other items I'll certainly be back for, promise!Although the line was long, it moved along fast and was able to zip in and out in no time.  This is such a great spot for a quick lunch, if I worked downtown I might be tempted to go in every day!  Another new establishment we're lucky to have in the Burgh!
3	Oh I really wanted to like this place!  I had heard so many great things about it.  I'll give myself 1 star for ordering all the WRONG things...so let me help you like this place more than I did...Do not order June's veggie sandwich.  Besides the cabbage coleslaw which contributes to the entire flavor of this sandwich, it's unspectacular in all other regards.  It has portabella, asparagus, goat cheese and the coleslaw, but all you can taste is the coleslaw and every once in a while a bit of goat cheese...but I'm not complaining about the strong coleslaw taste b/c without that I'd doubt I would have tasted anything worth remembering at all.  The veggies needed some seasoning or at least to be roasted...yes roasted would have helped immensely!  Side note, the bread was kinda tough and chewy...but it was a welcome distraction to the rest of the sandwich.Do not order the pasta salad.  Totally bland and nothing to write about...seriously nothing to write about.  Do not order the macaroon. Maybe I have the wrong idea of what a macaroon is supposed to be like...soft, chewy, delicately flavored and oh so heavenly.  Take the opposite of that and you'll have what I got.  It wasn't stale, but it sorta just crumbled apart, but not in a good way.  All I remember tasting was sweet crumbles with a bit of chocolate...I could have bought coco pebbles if I'd want that.  So why am I giving it 3 stars, well b/c everything my friend had was apparently UH-mazing.  I tried the bean salad she got and it was great, she ordered the s'more and said it was tasty and she gave major props to her sandwich as well.  I will go back again and I will order something that tastes good, I WILL, I WILL, I WILL!  Please learn from my mistakes.
4	Yet another welcome addition to the the Market Square dining scene!  Bluebird Kitchen does things a little differently than some of the other new places in the Square...it offers breakfast for one.  And the breakfast offerings sound quite nice...but I can't imagine ever having time to swoop down the street in the morning from Grant Street.  That means you lucky folks in the lower area of downtown won't have to fight off we intruders from the the upper area!  I'm envious.Lunch, however, is another thing.  I'll be back frequently for the fresh salads and other items on the menu!  Lured by the prospect of "crispy" porkbelly, I ordered the May's salad.  Besides the aforesaid porkbelly, it consisted of arugula and endive, slivers and flecks of smooth gouda, roasted thyme onions and slivered pear with a mustard vinaigrette I could have eaten with a spoon it was that good!  The porkbelly - and I'm a big porkbelly fan, mind you - left a lot to be desired.  Not crispy at all, it was a generous portion of what appeared to be raw thick-sliced bacon.  I know it wasn't raw....it just looked that way.  It was chewy and had strings of inedible rind.  That went on the side and remained uneaten.  Ugh.  But the salad itself was wonderful.  Next time I'll get ANYTHING other than the porkbelly.The service is friendly, efficient and QUICK!  You're in and out - even with a line in front of you - faster than you imagined possible.  Don't expect to eat in comfortably...take your prizes outside to the tables in the Square and enjoy some al fresco dining...or take it back to the office.Side note:  a colleague of mine ordered the porkbelly sandwich and found the same problem with the porkbelly.  Some work is needed on a better preparation of that particular product.
3	So I have been here twice and had two pretty different experiences.  The first time, L and I went for lunch to grab something and bring it back to work to eat in the office since we knew that there was no seating in the place and it was farmer's market day in Market Square.  We both had the veggie sandwich on rosemary and sea salt foccaccia. We also decided to splurge and split the oatmeal sandwich cookie.  Can I just say wow!  Both the sandwich proper and the sandwich cookie were delectable!  The veggies were perfectly cooked - zucchini, red peppers and onions.  They were covered with a lovely melting of cheese.  The sandwich cookie was to die for - much like the one from your childhood, but adult sized and adult taste.Today, my friend S and I went and were just kind of lukewarm.  I ordered the home made turkey sandwich and he got the chicken salad croissant.  His croissant was much too hard and the salad was more of chicken and mayo.  He opened it to show me and I was surprised there was nothing else in there.  My turkey sandwich had an amazing jam on it - hard to describe, but excellent and the cheese was definitely above par, but the turkey was odd.  I know that it is homemade, but it was too gelatinous for turkey from a place like that.  And the bread was a bit stale which I found hard to believe seeing as how we were the first customers in there.  All in all, I had a fantastic experience and a so-so experience.  I will likely be back in the future with hopes that today was an off day.
5	What a gem of downtown!  This places serves the best sides in town. I regularly go to bluebird to get a side of quinoa or panzanella to accompany my sandwich. Also the chocolate pistachio cookie is rich and delicious!  Don't forget dessert when you go here!
5	Just wanted to add that the customer service is so far above average here.  It so nice to be treated like a human being who matters by the people who you give your money to, which is something that's seriously lacking in many other eateries downtown.  The addition of the cordons and stools puts the finishing touches on this already amazing place.  And don't miss the baked goods.  Liz better hang on to that pastry chef; I see great things in her future!
4	Great idea, thank you!- healthy but fast lunches, wow, what a concept!- locally sourced eggs and other farm products, you care!- housemade everything, no frozen crap- great, fast breakfast in the morning with tons of healthy but tasty options- pretty good cup of coffee as well- Only complaint, don't be afraid to let the chalk board menu signs get messy - use them, we wanna know what today's "soup of the day" is. Good job!
2	I got the pastrami cured salmon bagel twice this week before work. The first time is was delicious. The second time the bagel was too stale to eat. Why would they serve that? Throw it in the toaster? I think I'm done with this place.
4	The boy and I also frequent this place for lunch. We've been going here since it opened and I must say, I'm impressed. I really loved their May Veggie Sandwich (not their July, but the boy really did). I love how they change their menu every month. What a great idea! And from what I understand they use local produce! Plus two for them!
5	Seriously, how am I supposed to get lunch anywhere else now?  I just started working downtown and after finding The Bluebird Kitchen I don't think anywhere else will compare.  First time I went (yesterday) I ordered the Croque Monsieur, and I'm not exaggerating when I say it was an out of body experience.  The brioche bread was amazing, then add the ham and gruyere, and you have an unreal sandwich.  Today when I went back I ordered the Cuban, and again was thrilled.  I topped it off with a chocolate chip cookie which was delicious as well.  The only draw back is their lack of seating, but I'll happily take my lunch anywhere I can if it tastes like this.  If you are downtown for lunch, don't go anywhere else, I don't think I'll be able to...ever.
5	Put it this way: I haven't written a Yelp review since 2008. I forgot I was even a member until I tried to join today solely to write about this place.I've had my eye on Bluebird for a couple months, and thank goodness I finally found an afternoon without a single reason to walk by. There was actually a line spilling onto the sidewalk, but not being in a rush, I was intrigued by the wait rather than discouraged. I'm so glad this place is living up to its hype.Bluebird Kitchen belongs in New York. No wait, San Francisco. The point is this place totally elevates breakfast & lunch. Its focus on fresh & local, coupled with its relaxed & rustic yet somehow also sophisticated atmosphere & presentation is unexpected in downtown Pittsburgh. It's high time the East End shared some of the foodie wealth! It's refreshing. The prices are fair ($4-$5 breakfast items, $6-$8 sandwiches, $7-9 salads) The staff is adorable & friendly, too.All I ordered on my first visit was a white bean, sausage & broccoli soup. I was pleasantly surprised to find it was broth-based, rather than a thick, roux base I anticipated with "bean" in the title. I felt like I was at my mom's kitchen table eating this soup, that's how fresh it tasted. I love soup but tend to shy away from eating it in restaurants because it's usually loaded with sodium. This tasted good for me: light yet hearty. Check out Bluebird, if only for a dessert. I didn't have one but I loved how each cookie looked unique; no pre-mixes here! Enjoy, folks.
5	Amazing!  We stopped for breakfast this morning and I was very impressed.  The decor is very classy; it almost feels you stepped into a NY deli or something.  Wood counters, huge thick cutting boards displaying baked goods, jazz playing, and artfully written chalkboard menus on the wall.The coffee is good, and the breakfast sandwiches are better.  I had local fried egg + cheddar on a pretzel roll, which to my delight was HUGE and came with fresh lettuce and tomato.  For $4?!?!  Take that, Egg McMuffin.  The husband had pastrami cured salmon and cucumber on an everything bagel.  He said it was awesome.We will definitely make more breakfast stops here, but I'm also looking forward to trying lunch.  Everything on the menu looked so delicious, plus they had pumpkin pecan bread pudding...couldn't bring myself to order it for breakfast, but I'm going to have to try it someday soon!
3	I stopped by Bluebird Kitchen the other day to grab some breakfast. I thought the place looked fantastic and modern. I can tell they must get some decent lunch business because most of the space is reserved for ordering and waiting for your food. There are two long shelf tables where you can sit, a little uncomfortably, and eat your food within. It is nice to be able to eat and look out at the passing downtown crowds though. I got the egg sandwich. It was decent, but I will never understand why one would want lettuce and tomato on a breakfast sandwich. After taking those off, I enjoyed the sandwich. The egg was cooked to perfection and was runny, just as I like it. Fortunately my girlfriend had my back with a handful of napkins! The coffee was good, and hot. No complaints there.The wait time for my food was a little longer than I had expected, especially since there was not a line to order. I guess that is the trade off for freshly cooked food. I think this place would be exponentially better if they had table service, but the space may not be there for this. Overall, this is a great addition to Market Square and I look forward to trying lunch.
4	I picked up a house roast beef for a working lunch. It was quick to be made and definitely carries some weight. The ingredients were fresh to the bite and enough horseradish aioli to delight and not overwhelm my taste buds and the sandwich. I do like adding chips for a side but found that the sandwich alone was enough to satiate my stomach. If you get there early or late enough you can find parking around market square but if you go during peak hours it won't be so easy to get in and get out.
5	Absolutely fantastic breakfast sandwiches and coffee.  I was there waiting for them to open at 7am while watching (and drooling over) all the fresh baked goods stream out of the kitchen.  I went with a egg and cheese sandwich on the pretzel roll after talking myself out of multiple delicious looking sweets (breakfast bread pudding!?).  The bread was soft, airy, and salty.  The egg was perfectly cooked and loaded with good cheese.  Top this off with a spot on brewed cup of coffee with beans from my favorite roaster from NC (Counter Culture) and I was set.  Wish I was in town long enough to grab another breakfast or try the lunch.  Next time Bluebird.
5	Cuban and turkey sandwiches were both excellent.
5	Great fried egg, cheese, tomato and sausage for $6 plus a great macchiato and not overly sweet cinnamon roll. You've gotta go. Seems like a place that would be in SF or NYC. And that's a good thing.
2	While the quality of the ingredients are pretty good, and the presentation of the food is pretty good, this place just falls down for a couple major problems.1. Speed. Went there for breakfast recently and the it took entirely too long to get my food.  I'm trying to sneak out of work to grab a quick sandwich and instead it turns into my lunch break.  There were no other customers in the place ---- the name of the game is to get people in and out. ESPECIALLY DOWNTOWN!!2. Generosity of the ingredients.  The roast beef sandwich was all bread and very little meat.  I don't mind paying $9 for a sandwich, but it better be good and fill me up. They had only one or two measly slices of roast beef.For these two reasons, I won't be going back any time soon!
5	I work downtown at a local Hotel, and was dragged here one day by a fellow staff member.I'd just like to say, that if I had the money; i'd be going here every week! Whenever I have cash in my wallet, and am craving a delicious homemade sandwich, I go here on my lunch break!My favorite would most certainly by the amazing Chicken Salad Sandwich. Filled with chicken, mayo, granny smith green apples, cumin, and cashews on a huge croisant roll, it will fill your stomach to the point of bursting.More often than not, I have to wrap up the other half and take it home!The delicious bakery portion of the small cafe always smells delicious (however, I'm a picky eater, and haven't found something I'd like to try).The only complaint is that the wait times are a bit too long (especially if you want lunch; but come 10 minutes before 11am, which is when they start serving it). However, the above was solved by asking if their was a solution; they told me to call to place a to go order about 5-10 minutes before leaving work and it'll be ready by the time I get there)! How great is that customer service?!All in all- I hope they NEVER take the Chicken Salad Sandwich off the menu. If so, I'm sure I'll find something just as delicious when I go back week after week!
4	Fun place to do a light breakfast. I would highly recommend this place to anyone who doesn't want a grease belly all day. The hash I had was inventive although just a squeak dry. Not a lot of room to eat inside so on a good day eat outside on market square.
5	Went here on a whim for breakfast and it was amazing! Fried Eggs sandwich with cheese on pretzel bread was phenomenal! Coffee is decently strong too. It was so good I went back the very next day with a friend and had the salmon and cucumber sandwich. If you have a little extra time in your morning visit your local downtown pittsburgh coffee shop its worth the adventure! My only quip is that it probably took around 10 minutes for them to make my sandwich when nobody was in the shop. Kind of dissapointing considering they have like 3 or 4 people in the kitchen and all i wanted was eggs. I will be returning soon to try their lunch menu. Im sure I wont be disappointed.
5	I'm in love.  Hands down one of the best lunch places in downtown Pittsburgh.  I love their sandwiches, and rotating hot meal menus or special of the day.  Their desserts are uber tasty and unique and the staff is friendly and so helpful, kind, and they know how to dress!  They are super busy during lunch with a line out the door.  So I suggest you go there early (rather than late - they tend to sell out of the specials).   Definitely stop in if you are in the market square area of downtown Pittsburgh.
5	This place is fantastic.I was in town for work and was not interested in a $40 breakfast at the Fairmont, so I explored and found the Bluebird Kitchen two blocks over. By the end of the trip, I had eaten here four times, twice for breakfast and twice for lunch.I still remember that first breakfast. Studying yelp, I found this spot and saw a review for a fried egg sandwich, and considering I was pretty much drooling, I threw on my jacket and headed that way. Wanting to size up the review, I ordered without hesitation the egg sandwich, which came on a fresh ciabatta roll topped with lettuce and tomato. I added a piece of local pork sausage for a few bucks. The taste was ridiculous. Freshly baked bread; hot sausage; hot egg; cool and crisp lettuce and tomato. The presentation was just as good. I'm standing there on a cold morning, and it is drizzling outside, and I am handed this piece of waxed paper, which contains a $6 breakfast sandwich that is better than pretty much egg sandwich I've ever eaten.Lunches are equally as delicious. I had a quinoa wrap and some wheat salad on one day. I had a roasted turkey sandwich on another. Everything I ate here was delicious. The coffee was strong and flavorful. The price was what you would expect for food of this quality.There is a small counter for eating in, but that's it. Most people grab food to go. I hope I am in Pittsburgh again soon to eat here again.Five stars.
5	Wonderful
5	I have become a Bluebird addict for both breakfast and lunch.Try the Pastrami-cured Salmon with cucumbers on an everything bagel for breakfast.  The egg sandwiches are to die for as well.At lunch, their poached tuna nicoise salad with mustard vinaigrette is the perfect mix of healthy/delicious.  Soups vary daily, and I have tried about 10 different ones without disappointment.  They had Borscht one day which was phenomenal.  I keep hoping for its return!
4	Just a chance to put in my $.02 on the Bluebird, since it has been Yelped about so many times.  Fantastic lunch spot Downtown.I hear it is a great breakfast, too.Looked at the menu on the chalkboard above the counter and notice that the specials and soups were only on the little sign out front.  So I asked and found that one of my fave's hot butternut squash soup was available.  It was so cold and the hot soup was delicious.  The Cuban sandwich went perfectly with the soup. The cookies and salads looked great, next time.What a great alternative Downtown.
5	Hands down, my favorite lunch option downtown. Fantastic sandwiches/salads/side dishes, and their catering is PHENOMENAL. For people who complain about the price: have you been to au bon pain lately? It's a comparable price, and I'm willing to pay $1 or so more to support a local business (with way better food).
3	$9.00 for canned tuna excuse me tuna nicoise is just not going to work for me. Not in this universe nor any other for that matter. The Bluebird Kitchen has hours until 3pm.  I arrived at 2:50pm and not wanting anyone to have to prepare something that close to closing time I opted from the tuna nicoise salad with the mustard dressing. Now hear me out on this one. When the dressing is the best part of the meal you know you're in trouble.  The description of the salad said, "Yellow fin tuna cured in oil. Oh come off if BBK, yellow fin, and cured ought to be removed out of that description. I feel smoke going up my breaches and I don't like it.  I do not like far reaching menu descriptions and inflated prices for a tuna salad.  I had to grab a  copy of the menu after I started eating.  I had to reread the meal description to double check what I had gotten myself into.  I don't care what kind of tuna you started out with. Once it goes in the can it all becomes the same tuna when you take it out of there.The space is very lovely, big windows and bright , airy and sunny.  I would love to go back for a cup of coffee....but I'll get my tuna salad elsewhere for now. Switch to tuna steaks, add another $1.50 to the price of the salad either that or take $4.00 of the price of the salad and let it be what it is.
5	Great
5	I was in town on business and wanted a nice lunch for one while avoiding a chain restaurant.  I stopped in after 1:30pm (no waiting) and had a great turkey sandwich, tomato soup, and one amazing biscuit.  Not sure how long they have been in business, but would love to see one of these in Chicago.  They ran out of decaf coffee, but gave me a soda  water for free.  Nice decor too.
5	I have not one complaint about Bluebird Kitchen. They are quick, attentive, thorough and nice. Not to mention their sandwiches are sensational and very upscale for a Pixburgh sandwich that typically contains french fries. A little taste of France in the Pitts sounds like a fabulous way to spend my lunch hour!
5	I love this place. I trust their food and it's such a pleasant place to have breakfast or lunch.  There are always vegan and gluten-free options but some great meat options too.  The oatmeal is delicious (get all of the toppings!) and the grits have bacon and 2 fried dippy eggs on top.  The Tuna Nicoise is a delicious salad and other reviewers aren't kidding: the mustard dressing is fantastic.
2	A coworker and I walked a few blocks to the Bluebird Kitchen since we had heard that this was the bee's knees.  It was lunch time and not too crowded yet so we ordered, paid and waited for about 10 minutes for our cubans.  We both thought that the $9 for the sandwich ($11+ with a side) was a little pricey for the small 5-6" sandwich.  We walked back to the office to eat and we both agreed that the bread was VERY  TOUGH!!! and we both felt like we needed dental work afterwards.  We agreed that for the price, the bread could have been softer and there should have been more ingredients.  The 2 local sub shops put in more ingredients than what was in these sandwiches for much less.   Service with a smile:  5 starsCuban sandwich:  2 stars
5	This is my favorite lunch spot.  The sandwiches are awesome and worth the price.  The sides are always a fresh, healthy option.  I usually get two small sides, which is more than enough to fill you up, and it's about $5.  The owner, Liz, is always so pleasant and happy to see regulars.  The entire staff is so friendly and helpful.  If you're not sure about any of the menu options they are always ready to explain and even offer suggestions.The soups are absolutely delicious.  The coffee and beverage selection is unique and equally as tasty as the food options.  The pastries are on another level.  I always have such a hard time walking past them on the way to the register without picking up one.  DEFINITELY try Bluebird and I'm positive you'll become a regular, too!I wish there was a 6 star option, because they totally deserve it.  I'm so grateful there's a lunch option like this in Market Square!
5	I follow a Vegan diet and the Bluebird has plenty of options. The service is always top notch as well- they are always friendly no matter how many annoying questions I ask... Much appreciated as I am aware of how much of a pain special dietary needs can be.Best Soy Lattes in town, hands down- they come with two shots of espresso: perfect. Vegan chocolate chip cookies are to die for- prefer them over normal cookies.Highly recommended. Sure, a bit pricey, but I you want homemade you have to pay for it. Absolutely worth every penny!
5	My favorite spot for lunch in downtown Pittsburgh. The food is delicious and inspired - not the generic sandwiches and sodas you get at a corner deli. I've had their soups, sandwiches, sides, desserts, and coffee. The breakfast menu looks amazing as well but I'm never downtown for breakfast so I can't say much about that.The prices are a bit higher for a meal than, say, nearby Chipotle or Subway, but the quality of the food you get more than makes up for the difference in my opinion. I usually get a small soup and small side and that's enough for a satisfying lunch for me and comes out to be about $7-8. They have a core menu of items and also daily and monthly specials so there's always something new to try. One thing to keep in mind is that the sandwiches are made to order while the salads are pre-made that morning and in to-go boxes. Seating is limited to bar-style seating along the wall and windows, which works fine for me since I'm usually just looking to grab a quick lunch during the workday and not to have a long sit-down meal.I hope Bluebird Kitchen never leaves downtown because there's really no other similar spot downtown like it.
4	I like it.  Lots of good sounding things on the menu.  I had coffee and almond bread pudding.  Both were good although the coffee was almost boiling, could have been a bit cooler.My co-workers got espresso that looked pretty damn good and also had fresh squeezed orange juice.The girls that were working there were very pleasant.There is not much seating inside but they do have a counter that is facing the outside window.  I love it when cafes do this.  You get to watch everyone walking by outside and with the location of this place (right outside Market Square) you surely get to see a lot of people.
3	I was surprised to see the amazing ratings that Bluebird Kitchen has on Yelp and just had to try the restaurant when I started working downtown!The restaurant is extremely busy during the weekday lunchtime hour. During the two times that I've been, the line is at least 15-20 people long. I recommend planning to get takeout since seating is very limited.I have tried the Chicken Salad sandwich, House Roast Turkey sandwich, Chocolate cookie "sandwich" filled with a Pistachio cream, and a Chocolate Strawberry cupcake. The Chicken Salad sandwich was good but a little too heavy, and I ended up throwing half of it away. I wasn't expecting much from a basic turkey sandwich, but the House Roast Turkey was amazing! I will definitely be ordering that sandwich again sometime soon. The desserts were disappointing, especially for the high price ($3.50 for the cupcake). Though I liked the concept of the two, both the chocolate cookies and cupcake were very dense, while the icing on the cupcake was too rich and tasted like butter. I will not be trying their cookies or cupcakes again.Of the four things I've tried, I would only re-purchase one of them. Based on this, I can only give the restaurant 3 stars. However, I definitely plan on trying Bluebird again and will re-review if I have a better experience in the future!
5	Stumbled across this little place while looking for a quick place for breakfast on our way out of town.  Unexpectedly, they make the best cheesy grits I've had in the north! Seems like a busy local favorite.
1	Haven't written a yelp review in a really long time.  The customer service at Bluebird Kitchen warranted it.   The food was amazing, exceptional.  The young man working the cash register was seriously afflicted with an unacceptable attitude.  Enough so, that even though I am craving the food, I will not return.  LIke Ever.  Disappointing that so much care and effort are put into the food only to be ruined by a little twit with an attitude.   It matters.
2	The BF and I were looking for a simple brunch/early lunch after flying in from Chicago. The four star rating I saw made me pick Bluebird Kitchen but we're leaving disappointed. The price of the food does not match the quality. I ordered the chicken salad sandwich, which was handed to me from a cooler in the back, and my boyfriend ordered the August salad, which he was told to pick from the cooler in front. I understand being prepared for the lunch rush, but why even call yourself a kitchen if you're simply handing out prepackaged food like 7-11? My chicken salad was entirely too salty, and my boyfriend's salad had bitter lettuce. Disappointing. And the customer service is likewise disappointing, as other Yelpers have mentioned. No one walks you through the menu, or explains why they serve some foods prepackaged or some foods hot.TL;DR not coming back and not recommending it.
3	If they had better service I would give it 4 stars.  This is a great little place to pick up lunch (don't plan on eating in b/c seating is very limited).  It is fresh food made from quality ingredients.  The prices are steep, particularly for the sandwiches and salads.  Tried two different sandwiches as was not impressed... both took quite awhile to prepare and just weren't good.  Their soups, on the other hand, are fantastic.  Every one I have tried has been great.  Their biscuits, as other reviewers have mentioned, are TO DIE FOR.  Their baked good are consistently yummy, though some are rather heavy.  The macarons are a great, lighter treat.The service needs improvement.  The employees aren't you're typical food-service employees.  They have a privileged, upper middle class air to them. They're not helpful.  They don't explain anything.  They'll ring you up and hand you your food (if you knew exactly what you wanted).They do post their soups and other specials every day on Facebook and Twitter. That's when I usually go there- when something strikes my fancy.
5	Stayed in Pittsburgh for 3 days. Had breakfast here all 3 mornings. Gorgeous oatmeal. Beautiful granola with fruit and great European style coffees. Highly recommend this place. You won't be disappointed.
5	Loved this little gem!  It's not really an "eat in" as most of the people at the counter are waiting for their take out order. Best to take your food and eat at a table in Market Square. Breakfast only served until 10:30. Get there early as they do run out of menu items. The steel cut oatmeal cooked in coconut water was soooo tasty.  My husband raves about the breakfast sandwich.   I really wanted to the the sweet potato hash but they were all out of.  Closed on the weekends and only open until 3pm.
4	Great food but on the pricy side. Not a chain so that is a plus. Best takeaway food in market square. Recommended if u are looking for more upscale lunch to go.
3	I will preface this review by saying that Bluebird's food is more than just a-ok.  The breakfast pastries are deliciously gluttonous. The lunches are fresh and unique. Seriously, try the turkey-gouda sandwich. Yum. I also appreciate that the Bluebird Kitchen works around seasonal local ingredients.  Blueberry season? Expect to see it in muffins, macaroons, and even the soups! This is fantastic.  My problem has nothing to do with the food quality itself. For several reasons, I think every item on the menu is overpriced by about a dollar. First, the portions are small. The sandwiches, though delicious, are about the size of the lunches you would make at home with wonderbread and deli turkey. Second, sides are not included.  If you do want a side, it will cost you at least 3 dollars. Not worth it for a side! Last, some of the people who work there are downright unfriendly.  Once, I queried a rather listless female about the blackberry macaroons.  I had purchased Bluebird's scrumptious macaroons before, but the ones I saw behind the glass this time were "mini."  So when crankypants tells me off the top of her head that they were about the same price as the normal sized pastries, I was taken aback.  When I asked her if she was sure about the cost, she rolled her eyes and gave me sass. Come on. It was a just question! Like I said, I am overall impressed with the superb quality of the food.  But both the service and quantity are lacking...
2	I love the concept of Bluebird Kitchen, but have been severely disappointed both times I have eaten here. The food is extremely bland. Today I was a bit shocked by the turkey sandwich I ordered. Not only did it not have much flavor, but it seemed that it had been made at least three days earlier and had been hanging out since then, you know, like the sandwiches at 7-11. I can't believe I paid $9 for a sandwich that tasted like gas station food. I won't be coming back to Bluebird Kitchen.
5	Yinzer Ottolenghi. Rotating menu, everything's high quality.
5	Best food I've found in pit. Fresh juice, local eggs and bacon and homemade sausage. They just need wipes.
2	I have had to downgrade my rating after numerous trips there. Today was the straw that broke this camel's back. I was there before the lunch rush. There was one other customer, she was being helped.  The three other employees ignored me for a good two minutes.  One was absentmindedly playing with her phone.  I ordered the chicken vegetable faro soup and a vegan chocolate chip cookie.  The service is just so hipster, I'm-too-cool-to-work vibe that I honestly can't take it anymore.  Every transaction with every employees is just cold and unfriendly, but yet I still feel guilted to write in a tip on the tip line.  Got back to my office to eat my soup, and it was nearly all watery broth.  What a kick in the teeth.  At least my cookie was good...
4	Excellent lunch selections! Cute little bistro with great salads, sandwiches, and different sides every time. No way you can walk in there without getting a sweet treat. The thanksgiving lunch special was the best surprise! You will not be disappointed. Smaller place so seating is limited.
5	A fabulous lunch spot just right outside of market square.  The food is fresh and the menu changes often.  The staff is very friendly and definitely with it. Grab and sandwich and sit in market square and people watch.
5	I have eaten here a few times this week.  The breakfast is fantastic.  I just had the frittata.  It was amazing.  This is a great restaurant and I am glad it is in Pittsburgh.
5	I am so glad this place is in Pittsburgh! If you work downtown, you know that there aren't many lunch options. Sure, you can walk to Market Square and sit down somewhere, but if you're short on time, your options are pretty limited to run-of-the-mill chain-type places. Bluebird is such a breath of fresh air!From the signage to the decor, it is warm and inviting. And though the interior is on the small side, there's plenty of room to wait inside for when the weather is bad. They change the menu often depending on what is in season, especially the desserts.I had been meaning to try this place for a long time now because my work friends rave about it, but because I often bring my lunch, I didn't get a chance to go until last week. Because we were having a pizza party at work, I decided to get a few sides and a dessert to the go with the pizza. It was a Friday after all, so I had to go all out. I had the housemade chips and a side of brussels sprouts with pecans and bacon jam. The bacon jam (which is so overdone at times) was really the perfect complement to the brussels sprouts and I had no trouble eating the entire thing.For dessert, I tried the panna cotta on recommendation from the work friend. It was an earl gray panna cotta on top of a small piece of poppyseed cake. It was absolutely delicious. The textures of the panna cotta and cake blended together perfectly. There were so many sides and bakery items I wanted to try, and of course I need to come back for a real lunch sometime, not just sides and desserts. Everything looked and smelled incredibly fresh, and there are so many healthy choices as well. This is truly food you can feel good about.
4	I had a mocha and the bluebird granola, greek yogurt, fruit  and honey parfait. They both exceeded my expectations. The staff was friendly and helpful. I would come here again. The only thing that would have made it a better experience for me would be a more comfortable environment, like comfy chairs to sink into. That, however, would likely interfere with busy lunchtime traffic.
5	We just missed breakfast and I was a little bummed because I wanted to try the pastrami salmon. But I am so happy we decided to stay for lunch. I had the cuban and my girlfriend had the roast beef sandwich. Both were excellent (ask for a side of horseradish sauce for the roast beef). Coffee was great and was served in a huge mug. We has a hard time deciding on a side because they all looked so good. The sweet potato and black bean salad was excellent. I couldn't believe how reasonably priced everything was for being made in-house and organic. Great healthy spot that won't hurt your wallet. That being said, the highlight for me was the Honey Tuilles. Oh my god was that good. I need to see if I can get them shipped down south because I might be addicted!
5	Amazing breakfast and lunch spot in downtown Pittsburgh, right off of Market Square.  Their menu has seasonal items that change each month, but the main sandwiches/salads stay the same.  They always have a variety of cold salads and cookies/pastries on the counter.  The food is super fresh and simply delicious!  Counter seating which is limiting, so it's not the best spot for a large group.  The order line gets backed up, but the staff does a great job keeping it moving.  My favorites are the turkey sandwich and the cuban.  Today I also had a tiramisu macaroon!  Delicious!!
4	With 3 guests in my party, we lined up.  A guy was taking our order when a girl stepped up and spoke over him (confusing on who to talk to?)  so overall I was asked for my order 3 times, by two people.  Although they were nice, it was such a forced nice. I had the turkey, and it was what I expected.  There was flavor, and it was the perfect size.  I could eat the entire sandwich and not feel overly full or remain hungry.
4	I was in Pittsburgh for a few days for business.  I really wanted to try breakfast, but didn't have time to squeeze it in prior to scheduled meetings for the day.   I did however visit for lunch on a Wednesday afternoon.  At 12:15, the place was pretty full, with people in line wating to order and well as customers waiting for their orders.   There was a pretty decent list of sandwiches, salads and soups.  I opted for the Rotisserie Chicken salad sandwich which had apples, cashews and curry seasoning on a homemade croissant.   I also opted for a side salad of grains and vegetables.  The sandwich ($8.50), was a little bit pricey but, it was pretty fresh and tasty.  The chicken was a bit salty, but all in all the combination was spot on.   There were multiple side salads displayed and available.  I opted for the Farro, strawberries, veggies and figs in a honey balsamic dressing, or at least that's what the sign read.   When I arrived back to my office, I actually had a salad that was completely different with asparagus (I'm allergic) and tofu, savory, not sweet.  I removed the  asparagus and enjoyed the remaining salad.   This place was a bit chaotic, but I would return....the food was good.
5	Interesting lunch, in a good way. I had some kind of brown rice and zucchini salad, which was very flavorful and the soup   Was also tasty. I will go there again. I liked the vibe. Good lunch option in Pittsburgh.
3	We went here for breakfast and ordered the pastrami salmon on a bagel and egg sandwich on a pretzel bun. We also split a side of sweet potato corned beef hash, which was amazing! The sandwiches were tasty and a nice size. We would have preferred that they offered to toast the bagel. Nice place to stop in for a quick bite in downtown pgh.
4	Knowing not the adventures of downtown lunching (as I work in the 'burbs) - finding myself downtown noonish on a weekday (jury duty, sees) - I was recommended by a friend to try Bluebird Kitchen. It was a beautiful day, one of the first warmish/sunny days of (almost) spring -  full of energy - and busy (the city) and the breakfast and lunch cafe that is Bluebird Kitchen. Great location - Market Square - and a unique lunch place for Pittsburgh. Reminded me of lunch joints in NYC. A little pricey for an la carte, grab and go lunch, but I wouldn't necessarily say overpriced - worth the extra few dollars for quick and easy, good, fresh food. There are places to sit along the windows and walls - high top bar stools along the perimeter of the inside - but it seemed most took their food to go...I'm sure when it's really warm outside it would be great to grab a salad, soup or sandwich (or cookie!) to take to the square and enjoy.
5	Came for lunch, had the Cuban and a cookie sandwich for dessert (sugar cookie with mango frosting). This place is delicious. The food was incredible, fresh ingredients. Bread was crusty and clearly baked same day. Not sure if it's expensive for Pittsburgh, but I found the price comparable to places in NYC. Would definitely come back...want to try their breakfast.
3	review for location in First Niagra building:  sandwiches are good but over-priced so i would not recommend them.  However, the salads are very good, I am a health conscious eater and ordered a tuna salad.  It came without the mayo and contained half of an avocado, very well made and healthy salad if you are looking for a healthy light lunch.
4	Bluebird Kitchen for breakfast is like the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow.. Its just meant to be. Its one of the [few] perks of having to be at work at 5am. $6 for a single sandwich is a little pricey, I'll admit, but when you're indulging on what may be the most amazingly delicious part of your day, you forget all about that 6 bucks. I haven't been quite as impressed with lunch at bluebird (ergo the 4 stars instead of 5), but that's neither here nor there- let's get back to breakfast. If you happen to be downtown during breakfast, do yourself a favor and have some bluebird for breakfast, you will not be left disappointed.
4	I'm sorry this review is about to be so short. Literally my favourite place to get a bacon-covered cinnamon roll in the city. Ask nicely (pay extra) and they will put a fried egg on it. AHAHAHHA I KNOW I'M A MAD GENIOUS. Bam, crushfast (more extreme than breakfast) of champions. NOTE: Prices could be better.
5	Missed out on breakfast so we got lunch instead. I got the July vegetarian and y boyfriend got a chicken salad. Both meals were incredible. My meal was a sandwich and it was life changing. Bye.
4	Discovered this little cafe during a business trip. I ordered the chicken salad. House-roasted chicken with pear slices, grilled onion, blue cheese and candied walnuts was delicious. There is not much seating. It is more of a "to go" place. My only complaint is that half my lettuce was heart/core of the head of lettuce. I would recommend for a healthy, delicious lunch.
4	I had a breakfast sandwich and orange juice. Both were very good. A little on the expensive side but the food was worth it.
2	I've been to Bluebird several times over the past few years since I work so close to Market Square. Sadly after my experience today I won't be back. This morning I stopped in for oatmeal and a coffee and had to ask one of the employees to take my order. Apparently she was taking a phone order but never told me that. I told her what I wanted and waited patiently while she continued to talk on the phone. More people came in and other workers took their orders. After about 5-10 minutes I became frustrated and told another employee how long I had been waiting and then left. This is not the first time I've experienced bad customer service at Bluebird. Most of the workers are rude and unfriendly.
4	What a fabulous little spot! Menu changes daily, but you can bet there will be something (or a lot of things here) that you will like!! Came here for breakfast and got a coffee, small corned beef hash, and salmon pastrami which tasted delicious with their homemade pretzel bread as they were out of bagels. Everything tasted so fresh and delicious! Seating was a little tight, but the lines move quickly and they accept credit cards including AmEx! Yay!
5	In the movie "Chef", Jon Favreau plays Carl Caspar, an executive chef who gets fired after a video of him berating a food critic goes viral.  So he buys a dilapidated lunch truck, renovates it, and starts selling the most amazing Cubanos.  Thanks to social media, his lunch  truck becomes a huge hit.  The movie features so many mouth watering close-ups of  delicious food being made, I almost cried into my $8.00 box of popcorn!And I've had a hankering for a good Cubano ever since.And now I've found one, thanks in part to Yelper DJ J. 's sandwich list and review.I haven't had many Cubanos before, but this was that perfect blend of ham and  pork belly, served on a yummy carba-licous  ciabatta roll.  I know a sandwich is good when I want to slowly savor each bite rather than wolf it down.  And what better way to top off a Cubano than with a nice cup of fair trade coffee?I think next time I come here I'll try the Pain Bagnat.  Or maybe I'll come for breakfast and try the pastrami cured salmon.But in the meantime Carl Caspar (Jon Favreau), you and your lunch truck have met your match!
3	Good food but really stingy portions for the price- 3+ dollars for a side dish and got maybe 3 tablespoons of food?  Disappointing.
5	Bluebird is indeed, as good as it gets for lunchtime fare in downtown Pittsburgh. I'm sure it is for breakfast as well; I just haven't made it in that early yet! I adore this restaurant - both locations on Forbes and on Stanwix. Everything I have ever tried has been wonderful! Everything is fresh; lots of local sourcing, imaginative menu items and salads every single day. The sweets are dangerously awesome. I won't go on, but if you're looking for some fabulous, healthy and creative soups, salads and sandwiches, plus a hot entree option daily, Bluebird is your place.
5	The Cuban might be the best sandwich in the city.. seriously.. porky, salty, juicy, pickle-ee, flavor-dripping-down-your-face, kinda good... and I'm sure the Local Fried Egg sandwich is the best breakfast sandwich in the city... rich, and yokey.Look, if you want fries on your sandwich, or a crappy buffalo chicken wrap, or processed cold cuts, then this place just isn't for you.This is real food people. Food that starts out as quality ingredients, that are transformed into a wonderful, delicious products.When you're baking your own bread and pastries, roasting and braising your own meat... that's cooking. That's what we're supposed to be eating.I can't say enough about people who treat food  with the proper respect it deserves.  It's absolutely refreshing in this world of chained, crappy, processed, mediocrity.
4	Excellent quality fresh foods.  Not cheap, but good food rarely is.
2	After 3 sub-par experiences I felt obligated to review.  1) Ordered  sweet potato hash. The staff admitted the potatoes had oxidized a bit and didn't  look appealling. They tasted Ok, but were extremely greasy.  2) Went in for coffee. There were at least 5 people in front of me waiting to order. After a few minutes of waiting without one of those people ordering, I walked out. 3) Ordered the parfait. Expected yogurt.  If it was yogurt, it didn't taste like it. It was the consistency of stiff whipped cream and didn't have much flavor. Impossible to stir. I didn't  finish it.
4	I've rarely if ever had lunch food that impresses me this much. It's delicious, local and always something new every day. The salad I got was literally one of the best salads I've had in my life - browned fresh pearl onions, gorgeous greens, and grilled chicken that rivals most grilled chicken dinners I've had. Their cookie sandwiches are wonderful, their cake is superlative...the only complaint I have is the price. Then again, you get what you pay for!
4	So glad we stumbled upon this place while visiting Pittsburgh. Our sandwiches were great (House Roast Beef and Croque Monsieur) and the potato salad was delicious, but what I really want to write about is the apple pie that was being served while we were there... I cannot remember the complete list of ingredients or exactly what the pie was called, but I can say that was absolutely the BEST apple pie I have ever had in my life. Every bite was PERFECT! Next time we are in town we will certainly visit the Bluebird Kitchen again. I can only hope and pray that the apple pie is being served again, but if it's not I'm sure there will be another dessert just as delicious!
4	You wont find many places to sit, don't expect wait staff, or cutlery, but the food is good, the service is personal.  Breakfast was tasty and filling
