5	Chris is knowledgeable and gets the job done quickly to get you back in the road.
5	Love love the quick repairs and great service. Chris is our neighbor and has even helped us with our "off-road" stroller when the quick clamp on the front wheel broke on trail 100 at North Mountain! Thanks again!
5	I couldn't have asked for a better experience!  My bike had been sitting dormant for a few years and I've made the decision to start riding again.  Chris tuned up the bike and installed new tires, super quick service and reasonable prices.  Two thumbs up for the Bike Doctor!
5	When you have 5 kids at home, the bike maintenance cost can go high when 3 are leaving for college, so I was sooo glad to find Chris. He was prompt, courteous, did a great job on the bikes. Will call him again when needed.
5	Chris is wonderful...prompt, professional, knows his bikes and provides fast, convenient and complete mobile service!! Very reasonably priced. He got my mountain bike tuned up and ready to go in an hour after I called to set an appointment the day before. At first, I called a few highly rated bike shops close to me to schedule a tune up.  I called on a Thursday afternoon. Even though I was told: "Sure, just bring it in" ..no one could get it done before end of day Monday. That translates into a full weekend without my bike. No way! Chris saved the day and had me up and running for my Moab trip in no time.  Thanks so much Chris!
5	Chris was awesome. He fixed my canondale and cleaned it up. Thing rides like new again. Very knowledgable and professional. Will definitely recommend to ally friends.
5	Chris was great!  My Specialized bike needed a new front tube and a tune-up and rides just as if I bought a new bike.  Will definately call Chris again the next time I need my bike serviced since this was so convenient.
5	Chris came by the house and tuned up both our mountain bikes, and did an exceptional job. You can tell he loves what he does and has an eye for details. I've had my bike tuned up at other shops in the past and none have taken as much care as the bike doctor did. Two thumbs up from me. Now to hit the trails!!
5	Found Chris on Yelp after purchasing a new bike last week and needing to get it tuned up.  He came to the house within about 20 minutes and was very helpful in explaining what the bike had to offer and getting it plumbed up.  His price was very fair compared to what a the bike shops wanted and I would recommend him over that option.
5	Super knowledgeable, convenient, friendly, Chris seems to know and love everything bicycle. I had a bike that supposedly had been set up and gone over by a shop in town, and the first time I rode it, the brakes felt off and the chain jumped off the sprocket when I shifted. In half an hour Chris was able to basically finish the assembly the shop had done so poorly, and get everything working and feeling the way it should. And he found ways to speak well of my cruiser bike!
5	I found the Bike Doctor through Yelp. I am so happy I did. Chris is fantastic! He showed up on time and had my husband's bike tuned up in no time. He is very knowledgable. His prices are reasonable. And he comes to you to service your bike. We will be using Chris for all of our family's bicycle needs.
5	Chris knows his stuff, is friendly, comes to you, and offers great prices. Oh and he obviously has a great first name.The Bike Doctor came within 24 hours of our call. He got my ~30 year old Huffy and my wife's ~25 year old bike up and running. The had been sitting in a hot, Phoenix garage through 10 summers with no use, and no maintenance. They were purchased at a garage sale before that in Michigan before coming here.And now they run great. Chris replaced our seats with something far more comfortable and told us about the bikes. And all told the price was lower than bike shops that we would've had to travel to.He accepts Paypal, cash and check. If you need to use plastic, have a paypal account ready. If you need a tuneup, seriously. Call this guy!
5	Found this guy through Yelp (like everyone else here), and he was fantastic! The epitome of good customer service!Last week hubs and I decided to get our 10 year old bikes out of the garage and see if they were still usable. Turns out the tires still hold air but we wanted them given a once over. Local bike shop quoted us a reasonable price but we only have small cars so getting the bikes (or even one bike) in the car wasn't going to happen. Bike Doctor to the rescue! We called around 6pm on a Sunday and his truck was here at 8:30 Monday morning! He spent about an hour on each bike taking it apart, oiling and cleaning everything up, and adjusting all of the bits and gears. No upselling, no criticism of our 10+ year old dusty mountain bikes, nothing. When we talked on the phone we mentioned purchasing new seats so he brought a few with him for us to try. He even brought a front reflector since hubs mentioned on the phone that mine was missing.He takes cash, check, or paypal, and the prices he quoted over the phone were very fair considering he came to us and was here for well over 2 hours working on both bikes. I'm looking forward to riding now!
5	Chris is a gem!  I had two bikes that haven't been ridden in several years - one is a recumbent and one is an old classic Raleigh 10 speed.  Chris got them both running really well and he cleaned them until they shine.  I highly recommend Chris for your bike work.  And the added bonus is that he comes to you!  You don't have to load your bikes up and haul them somewhere.
5	my man Chris!:) He showed up on time without reminder , was friendly and knowledgeable, did excellent work  and was priced very fairly. i will use Chris for all my bicycle needs and would recommend him to anyone!:)
5	Like many others who have reviewed Chris before me, I found him through Google and Yelp. He showed up on time, did everything he said he would do and then some. The price was more than fair for the labor and parts. The plus side is; he comes to you! I would also add that his attitude and customer service were above expectations.
5	Chris did a great job tuning up and cleaning up our cruisers!  He was on time and did a great job.  I felt his price was very reasonable as well.  Thanks Chris!
