3	Generally good Americanized Mexican.  The chain is a local one, so you aren't likely to find it much outside of the Charlotte area, but around town you'll find a few locations.  It's not true Mexican that you can find around town either, but it's not a bad compromise, either, and the prices are decent.
3	Yeah, this isn't really authentic Mexican food, but they do have good specials for lunch.  You can come out of here for about six or seven dollars, and it is much better quality than fast food.  As far as Mexican goes though, it really doesn't stand the test.  It is hard to find any good food besides the average chains around this area though.  Just go off of Central Ave. to grab some Mexican food.
4	Having been to the Monterrey in the University area several times for lunch, we decided to give this Monterrey on Independence a try for dinner this past weekend, and we weren't disappointed. The restaurant doesn't look like much from the outside, as it's in a strip mall near Outback Steakhouse.  Once you get inside, though, you can see that they took the extra effort to actually do something with their square footage.  It's not just one big room; they divided it up into sections and included high-backed booths for additional privacy during your dinner.  The Mexican decor is very fitting and creates the ambiance.  The dinner menu is a lot more extensive than lunch, but they still have combos from which you can choose.  Although instead of about 6 or 7 combos, there's about 30.  And those are just the numbered ones.  There are many, many more with names.  Ay, chihuahua!  The thing to do is, if you know what you'd like Mexican-wise, keep that in your head and look for a meal that has those combinations.  That's the quickest way to get through the menu!  I had "La Mejor" (translated = "the best").  It came with a beef soft taco, chalupa (different from Taco Bell's), and chile relleno (which isn't really a stuffed chile, it's more of a pile of mush of cheese and meat (?) on top of a tiny chile pepper, but oh-so-good).  And while the meal was good, I wouldn't call it the best.  We'll go back, but I'll try something different next time.  The chips and salsa they bring to your table are nothing out of the ordinary, but they always taste so good to whet your appetite.  The salsa comes in a little decanter which you can then pour into your salsa bowl(s).  It's unnecessary, but the presentation of it is very nice.  It's also a good place for kids and groups.  There is plenty of seating and they have a good number of choices for kids' meals.
4	I try to shy away from "chain" restaurants, but this one is exceptionally good.  I'm a sucker for Mexican food anyway - heck I used to frequent this place at least once a week.The prices are great, usually the place is not that busy, so you get a good, hot meal without dinging the wallet (or purse) to hard.The dining room is split up to 2 sides, I guess at one point it was smoking and non-smoking (is my best guess)... but it was always exciting to come in and figure out which side they would seat you on.  For the longest time my roommate and I kept getting seated on one side and couldn't figure out if the other side was much better.  The grass is always greener...LOL but in this case, I don't think it matters.The chips and salsa that are offered with everything are pretty good, the salsa has a bit of a kick to it so I like it.  You can easily fill up fast on chips, so be careful.
5	Great price, super filling. The steak tacos (tacos de asada) were the best ones I ever had, paired with rice, beans and Pico de gallo.
5	This particular location is my go-to place for Mexican food. I've been going to this place for years! The food is good, and the waitstaff is friendly. Rarely do they mess up an order (which is limited to the newest staff most times) and if they do, they are quick to correct it. This restaurant is my absolute fave and Azteca can't even touch it. Those who think Taco Bell is actually Mexican food will not like this place, as it is nothing like it. I've had nearly everything on the menu and it is always good. The Chimichangas are tasty, steak is generally good, and their specialty dishes are awesome. I stay away from the shrimp as it is usually overcooked (but I'm pretty picky and won't eat seafood at a restaurant -- mostly because I can cook it better at home). Fajitas are good for a casual date. Margaritas are meh, but the Sangria is the best! Great place for lunch, a casual date, or just an inexpensive night out.
4	This is one of our go-to inexpensive dinner places. Their margarita's are good and very large if you get anything but the small. The food is good, I'm a fan of the La Mejor and my hubby always gets Pollo con Crema.  Take home boxes are standard for us at Monterrey having left overs for the next day.The service can be hit of miss, but typically they are very attentive and food comes out quickly.  The dining room is a bit of a dive and sad.  The booths and tables have seen better days.  It could certainly use a face-lift.
4	Been looking for good "hole in the wall" Mexican in Charlotte for over a year, glad I finally found this place. The salsa, queso, and chimi are all very good, much better than Azteca!
2	Service is decent but food is highly overpriced for what it is. Will not eat here again.
4	Every rare once-in-a-while, I have to make a change from the usual greatness of La Unica in Indian Trail to venture to one of the "chain" Mexican restaurants of Charlotte. (I know, I know..La Unica IS a chain too. LU's and Monterreys' actually differ from store to store which I find cool.)Chips and salsa are always good here and they might just have one of the top-ten best sweet iced-teas in the area. I wish they would include that  free"white (non-cheese) dip" their sister restaurant in Pineville has...not sure what is exactly in it. It's kind of like a mayo salsa or something? They're a bit skimpy on the amount of cheese or bean dips you can get as an appetizer, but their beef & bean nachos are decent-sized. The weird thing about their beef & bean nachos is that one side of it has the beef, the other side has the beans. Why not just combine it all together? We've actually ordered a bean dip also and just poured it over the nachos for a delicious soupy mix. The wife thinks the chips get too soggy and uses the fresh ones that came with the salsa to dip. My son and I don't complain and usually fight over that gooey goodness.As far as entrees are concerned, I always have to go with either the Pancho Villa (grilled steak, topped with bacon, mushrooms, and cheese dip) or Chicken Ranchero (the same, with chicken instead of steak). A bit expensive but worth it.Fajitas are hit and miss. A lot of the times the meat is overcooked. I still don't understand why they insist on leaving the shells on the tail of the shrimps! Ever try to peel those suckers off when they're blazing hot?AWESOME Blue Moon Margaritas! Great sweet tea! It seems to me most Mexican restaurants Mexi-can get their sweet-tea perfect and this place doesn't dissapoint!Service is very good, but lacks friendliness.A weird side-note is that I get coupons for the locations in Monroe (nasty one), Pineville, and I think Mooresville but this location will not accept them. Individually-owned I guess?Your pal,Walter
5	Fresh guacamole was excellent and we split the chicken fajitas. Tons of great food and prompt friendly service. A keeper for sure
5	Monterrey never disappoints! The service is always quick and the staff is very attentive. Quality food, great price, great service!
5	I have been going to Monterrey since they opened nearly 20 yrs ago. The food is excellent. My favorite is the chimichangas both chicken and shredded beef but I have tried nearly everything and its all good. Love the fajitas, beef or chicken (skip the shrimp), tacos de asada, pollo con crema, pollo con queso, as well as any of their combinations. Oh, and you can't go wrong with just a couple chicken soft tacos ala cart, they are delicious. For those who have complained that it's not authentic Mexican food - your point is? I have been to at least 20 Mexican restaurants in Charlotte including many "authentic" ones where they don't even have an English menu. I like some of the food at these places but always come back to Monterrey.
3	I'm a big Mexican food fan! This Monterrey location in Matthews always seems to hit the spot. Stopped by recently on a Saturday evening for dinner. Got right in! I ordered the chimichangas w/ shredded beef, fried. I know, I know, they do offer an non fried option, too. Great flavors w/ the guac & sour cream & side of refried beans. Topped it off w/ an ice cold Dos Equis. Can you really ever go wrong w/ an ice cold Dos Equis? The wife tried the Taco Salad w/ chicken. I enjoyed that dish as well. Is this my go to Mexican restaurant? No, but on a Saturday night when I'm hungry and not in the mood to wait too long, this is a great option.
5	By far my favorite restaurant in Charlotte.  There is no comparison to their Sister property in Pineville.  The food here is always piping hot and service is attentive, quick and friendly.  Cheese dip and spinach and cheese quesadillas are my favorite.  Awesome joint!!
5	Ok, so this place is our go-to for Mexican food! The service is always so friendly. The chips and salsa they give you are always fresh; the chips are still warm and the salsa has just the right texture and kick. I've tried a few things on the menu from salads, to tacos, and burritos, and pollo con queso. Everything is good with lots of flavor. The pollo con queso is my favorite dish! It is literally chicken with cheese. The chicken is cooked to perfection and is served covered in this amazing melted cheese sauce, along with a side of refried beans and rice. I could eat this dish every night! Pair it with one of their margaritas (I love the mango one), and it is American-Mexican perfection!
4	Yes, I know it's not authentic... but this is my go to place to satisfy a craving for Mexican food.I love the salsa. In terms of the Monterrey locations, this one has the best. For me, it's the perfect texture, flavor and heat combination. I also have to order the cheese dip every time. I'm not a huge fan of their guac. It's okay as a topping for my meal, but I would never make it a point to order a bowl for my chips.I'm in a longstanding relationship with the chicken chimichangas... soft with rice instead of beans. You can't go wrong with anything that is drizzled in cheese. When I do cheat on the chimichangas, I go with chicken soft tacos or whatever the special is. My mom doesn't like Mexican food (I know, right? Don't even get me started on that), but she is a big fan of the taco salad.Monterrey has decent drink specials. It's not terribly expensive to begin so don't expect to have to drop a ton of money on food and drinks.Service is hit or miss. One constant though is that it never takes a long time for your food to come out of the kitchen.Casual place. Nothing fancy. I like the fact that I can go in here with my pajamas on and feel like no one is judging me. What? Sometimes you get the urge for chips and salsa and don't feel like getting out of your pjs.
4	Great Mexican food for the price. Esteban is a very courteous waiter. The gringo dip is a frat choice for an appetizer.
3	Sunday Mexican, yippee!  Having been to other Monterray locations, I was excited to see this location while on Independence Blvd.  Arriving just around 12, along with most of the lunch crowd we were greeted and seated in a booth near the back.  We were immediately served chips and salsa, which hit the spot, and ordered two medium margaritas.  While we looked over the menu we enjoyed the margarita, not too strong, but a nice drink to enjoy on Sunday afternoon..although I would have liked a little more kick. The chips were good, but were pretty bland, and needed a little more salt.  We ordered the Taco and Burrito combination platter and the chicken fajitas. The combination platter was a chicken burrito and ground beef taco.  The burrito was great, topped with cheese and a mild red sauce. As for the taco, the meat was a little dry.  As for the fajitas, they looked good and I was told they were delicious.Overall, the service was great, the menu full of options, but I was hoping for a little more taste from the food.  No doubt I will definitely be back to Monterray, however, I may stick to the other locations, ha ha!  Enjoy.
4	I ate here last night for the first time for dinner. I was craving Mexican and decided I would venture away from my typical Azteca and try something new. Monterrey is tucked back in an unassuming strip mall. The inside is completely different than what you would expect on the outside. It is really nicely decorated and very "Mexican restaurant". We were promptly greeted with warm chips and salsa. I got the enchiladas verdes and they were pretty good. My boyfriend got the chicken and cheese (queso con pollo) and it was okay. I have definitely had better Mexican food, but this is a solid place for cheap, American-Mexican cuisine. I was disappointed that they only had chicken or ground beef tacos. I like shredded pork or beef tacos and would like to see that added to the options.
3	Good sweet-tea and good food, but it's a little bit more expensive than better Mexican restaurants in the area. For me, the test of a Mexican joint is the mixed fajitas, which were nice but a few bucks more expensive than expected.
