5	I'm not a fashionable guy, and if I were left to my own senses at a place like Supercuts or Great Clips I would walk out looking like a cast member for the next Dumb and Dumber sequel and be none the wiser.  Because of this it's very important to me to have someone who will cut and style my hair and have me at least looking respectable so that I can then disappoint people AFTER they hear me talk and not before.Paria does this without fail every time.  I have even gone to her with pictures of male celebrities' hairstyles I find online that leaves a questionable google search trail on my computers, or ones that much more fashionable females might discover for me to present to Paria, and she will offer her opinion and then do about as well as can be expected with my head of hair.   I'm always pleased with the results, and I'm always getting compliments from people when others see these results as well.   Her prices are extremely reasonable and well worth every penny, unlike some of the other salons I've been to which tried to charge me upwards of $70 for a cut that didn't even look nearly as nice.  She's also extremely friendly and great company during a cut, which is a chore with me because I always want to talk about some ridiculous reality show to anyone that will listen.  Plus she's willing to humor me about asking her if my hair is thinning every time I see her which keeps me from jumping off a bridge immediately after each cut.It's very cliche to say this but if I could give more than 5 stars I would!
5	Paria is, without question, one of the best hairstylists I've had the pleasure of using. My hair is very difficult to deal with, but you wouldn't think it when this lady gets her hands on it. The color for my hair she suggests for me is wonderful as well.Paria is what I would consider more of an artist than a hairstylist. Cuts are considered carefully,  and she is not afraid to discuss and make suggestions to enhance your style to what is best to flatter your appearance.If you plan on getting a Brazilian Blowout, I highly recommend Paria, she does NOT cut corners and will make certain the process is done thoroughly and properly. I've been to others that make a quick mess of it, and instead of lasting a solid 2+ months, I've gotten maybe 4 weeks out of the others I've tried.Oh yes, she also happens to be a doll! Very nice and extremely flexible and accommodating to any of your needs.
5	Lets just say I always cried for days after getting a hair cut but not since I've been going to Paria... She listens to what you want and advices you on what she thinks and after that she gets you exactly what you ask her... I never ever had my hair this long before n that was because the hair styles wouldn't listen to me and always messed up my hair .. So im greatful I found her to save my hair... She knows how to handle thick stubborn hair!
5	Just a quick update, Paria is back from her extended leave and cutting hair again!  It's a regular Christmas Miracle!   So if anyone had been having difficulty trying to get a hold of her over the last several months, try again.   Welcome back Paria!
