5	Had Twenty20 come out today and do my windows and they were amazing.  Very friendly and professional.  I recently had all new windows installed so they were dirty, had streaks and still had the manufacturer stickers on them.  I couldnt get them to look good so I found Twenty20 and I am grateful I did....my windows are crystal clear, the price was fair and I will definitely be referring them to all my real estate clients.  You should definitely have them clean your windows.  And they do residential and business windows!!!  I love it when I have a new "find"!!!
5	Vinnie did a great job on our home. On time and windows look amazing. Would definitely use again.
5	Vincent does an amazing job on our windows.  No drips on sills or edges of the panes. I highly recommend his services you will not be disappointed.I need to see clearly through the window panes - don't you :)
5	Vincent with Twenty20 windows. Does a wonderful job keeping my windows sparkling clean. They pay attention to the edges no streaks and no water pots left behind on window sills. We now have him scheduled on a regular bases.  Very professional and great  results.
5	I purchased a living social deal from Twenty20 Window Cleaning, and as soon as I called he made time for my appt right away. He was out only a few days later to my salon Hair Ink. He did an awesome job, I will definitely be calling him next time I need my windows all cleaned and pretty.
5	Vincent was an honest and hard working owner.  Great work.  Great price.  They did a great job and even offer a 7 day rain guarantee.  I will be using them again.
5	Vincent with Twenty20 was great!We have an unusually large house with a lot of windows, the guys were able to get to us within a week during one of their busiest times right after a dust storm. They were professional, clean, well mannered, and courteous. His price was very fair and I will surely be using them on a regular basis.I would highly recommend using them in your home, particularly those who require quality work!Thanks Guys!
5	I just wanted to give Vincent and Twenty 20 Windows a big thank you for doing a great job on my windows today. I can see out of them again!!!!Vincent was right on time, very professional, quick and reasonable priced. I will be using them again for sure.Thanks for a job well done!
5	Fantastic job by Twenty20 Window Cleaning!  Vincent pays close attention to detail and has an eye for perfection.  Highly recommend his company for any of your window cleaning, no matter the size of the job.
5	Vincent has done a great job on the 2 times he has come to my home to clean my windows. He is professional, and his prices are very fair. I am a realtor and have recommended him to a few of my clients and they have all been extremely happy with him. You will not be disappointed if you use Twenty20 Window Cleaning.
5	We have had Twenty20 clean our windows twice and will use no one else.  Efficient, professional and exceptional service. So glad I used them first after moving to Phoenix.
5	Vincent is running a top notch business...To begin with, he cleans windows really, really well.Second, he is "hands on" with email reminders about your appointment, email a copy of your bill, and has a great website.He was on time, pleasant, quiet, and got to work right away.He and his team (one other man) went through the house room by room with meticulous detail.After 15 years in the valley, I've finally found a window cleaning company to stick with. I also like the fact that this is a family owned and operated business..who takes pride in their work. He's a keeper for sure.This will post from MI, but, this is a Scottsdale/Phoenix company that does my windows during the winter season out here in sunny AZ!
5	Vincent arrived promptly on time and thoroughly cleaned the inside and outside of my windows recently. The view out of my newly cleaned windows is AMAZING. Thank you SO much for your Professionalism and Attention to detail. I would HIGHLY recommend you and your company to anyone in need of world-class window cleaning. Cathy
5	Absolutely amazing when a company actually exceeds the scintillating reviews here on Yelp. Vincent and Ryan were over the top with honoring our requests (usually special from us) while going to painstakingly insane lengths to fashion a remarkable end result.Recommending you run to get onto their schedule before the wait is too long.
3	after reading all the reviews i thought i would give vince a shot at cleaning our house windows and screens. although i like vince and his assistant as nice guys and they clean the windows well, all my screens are bent and do not fit like they did prior to them working on the windows. i walked around the house and found two screws that they dropped and did not put in the screens. i have several screens that are showing big gaps and one that got forced in and is pretty bent now.looks like it is going to cost me to have them reframed down the road.
5	A pleasure to do business with Vincent.  Prompt, courteous, communicative and on top of all that, my windows and screens are spotless.  I will be a regular customer.
5	Vincent is the kind of small business that YOU want to support.  He is organized and maintains a professional demeanor.  I called 3 places that I had referrals for and chose Vincent based on the reviews and his professional behavior.  He emails reminders and confirmations.  He arrives on time and does a complete job.  He also pointed a few things out to me about my windows that I should pay attention to.  I have referred him to several people and will definitely use him again.
5	Wow - so this is what my windows look like when they're properly cleaned!  Vincent and Ryan did a terrific job - the glass, screens, and tracks have never looked better.  As the business owner, Vincent is very professional and conscientious - a pleasure to deal with.   I agree with Stephanie S.'s comment - this is the kind of small business you want to support.   I will definitely use them again, and would recommend them to anyone else who is looking for a window cleaner.
1	Don't bother with these guys!  I called to make an appointment and never even received a phone call back!  I guess they don't need the business that bad or they are very unprofessional!!!!
5	Vincent and his partner did an excellent job today cleaning my windows inside and out. They were punctual, professional, and careful. As my husband stated, the windows looked brand new!!  Great job!
5	Vinnie came at the agreed time to give us an estimate and then again was prompt and professional the day scheduled to clean the windows and sunscreens - WHAT A FABULOUS JOB - after nearly 20 years living in the area we have finally found the best window washer! Hope lots of my neighbors will be calling him too as they are all very impressed!
5	While preparing to sell my home, there are many little things to do to help my house show beautifully. Vincent was so great to work with in getting the windows on my 2 story home cleaned. He was experienced, professional, helpful, and accommodating. Needless to say, my windows look amazing and it brightened up my home so much! I'm so grateful to have found Twenty20 and will absolutely call on them in the future. I HIGHLY recommend them to anyone!!
5	I am "Monk Like" when it come to my home and my windows.  I've tried others but No One compares to the quality that Vince delivers when cleaning my windows.  He not only cleans the window to perfection but offer to clean mirrors and lights and any glass type objects that he observes needing attention, at no extra charge.  I swear for I minute I thought he was going to offer to clean my readers, lol.  My house looks like a brand new home when he is done.  Very professional--he is just the best!
5	We had our window done the first time in 16 years. I do the outsides but have never done the inside. After having twenty 20 come out, it was amazing how good our windows looked. This time of year, with the sun to the south, you can really see how dirty your window are. I decided I needed them professionally cleaned and was so happy with my choice. I would highly recommend them. Vincent was professional, neat and friendly. I would highly recommend him to all my friends and neighbors.
