4	I've lived here for 7 years now.  When I first moved in the management staff was fantastic.  Then, after a sale of the complex, they went through a revolving door of staff and it sucked.  For the last few years the staff in place is pretty good and it is a nice place to live again.
1	I would never stay here again, or refer anybody to stay here.  After staying there for one year, keeping the place clean, and finishing my MBA at Thunderbird, I moved out (along with my roommate).  We made an appointment to meet with the maintenance personnel to do a walk-through of the place before leaving because we had heard that the complex was unfairly keeping people's security deposits.  After the walk-through, the maintenance person said everything was fine.  The carpet was vacuumed and everything was clean.  Then, 3 weeks later I get my security deposit notice-  that they have taken my deposit and they want me to pay $75.00 beyond it.  Management told me there was nothing I could do about it.  I also had issues with rude management during an extension of my lease and adding somebody onto the lease.  I escalated the case to rkproperties management and they claimed that they took pictures of stains on carpets.  Also, my roommate had opened the microwave one day and a piece of the top fell off . . .just fell off!  We were told that it was 'damaged' above normal wear and tear and the maintenance personnel's word was the last.  Since when is opening a microwave door 'damage?'  It was probably broken before we even moved in.  Again, we were told that the maintenance personnel had the last word.  Seriously?  This is how you treat part of your largest group of renters, business school students?We had domestic violence in the apartment below us, ambulances came, they were screaming and yelling and fighting all the time.  And the apartment management chooses quiet students, with other potential quiet, orderly renting friends, to pick on.  That's just bad business, and I will not recommend ANY TBird to go there.  Beware!
2	Apartment management changes every year & the two women that are there now are not kind at all. They smile in your face as they refuse to help you. They are not courteous, and have no customer service skills. If your rent is 1 day late they involve the attorney and make you pay an attorney fee, instead of knocking on your door, they mail you a letter. inconsiderate, & lazy. I have lived here for over four years, and can't wait till my lease is up. Generally they fix small issues with the apartment quickly, but for the first 2 years that I lived here, my dryer didnt work, and everytime I complained, someone would come check it, and not fix it. The first 2 months I lived here there were roaches.  It is quiet at night, but the people that live downstairs can hear everything that goes on upstairs. Yes, I mean EVERYTHING, from toilets being used (not just flushed), to moaning and groaning.  There was a major accident in the pool, but they did not drain it. They just re-opened it the next day. That's unsanitary.
