2	I own a BMW 325i.  I made a phone call to find out if I needed an appointment for a diagnostic and how much it would cost.  The man on the other end wasn't rude, but he was NOT helpful at all.  Seemed like he didn't care to get any business.  I just wasn't thrilled with the way the phone call was handled.  By the way, the diagnostic costs $94.
4	These guys were super!! We dropped off the car and didn't have a ride back to our hotel-so they offered to give us a ride. Yes the diagnostics was $94.00 but that's standard at a BMW mechanic. They were very nice and I would highly recommend.
5	I own a BMW 7 series and have spent many years dealing with Desert BMW who's service is horrible and overpriced! My husband and I found this place by chance and have been there 3 times for service so far. I am so happy we found this company! They are honest, helpful, fast, and reasonably priced. BJ is very educated and cares about his customers this is very rare in the car business.
5	Euro-Asian Motorworks is the best place in Vegas. They are fast, efficient and fair on rice. Highly recommend, I have tried everybody else in town even the BMW dealer with great disappointment.
5	Have not had any personal work done with them YET! BUTTT this review is for DJ or BJ saving my day on Monday. I locked my keys in my trunk. Called AAA, spent 40 mins on the phone with them (24 of which were on hold) so I was really exhausted. AAA sent a locksmith who was able to unlock my car door. However the trunk release button in the car was not working, my car does not have a lock on the outside of the trunk to pick/unlock w a key (its opened with a remote).... therefore we were stuck. The locksmith and I were lost not knowing what the next step would be... I couldnt just get another microchip key made on the spot b/c it wouldn't help me get into my trunk (since there is no key hole outside the trunk). Called Infiniti dealer who quoted me $230 for a new remote and to program it  Then while the locksmith was putting my car alarm together since he reset it breaking in. I remembered Euro Asian Motorworks b/c I had previously book marked them on yelp having seen so many of their advertisements in my penny saver/value paks (?). I did it b/c ive had so complicated car troubles in the past that so many other places couldnt figure out so since i saw their ads I just bookmarked them for future needs. I called them curiously asking how much to purchase/program a new remote. DJ answered, told him what was going on and why I needed a new remote, he pulled up my car make and told me that there is a trunk release red strap b/w my back seats and that I can access the trunk that way. I tried it, couldnt find it, the locksmith tried it and we were able to get into the trunk and popped it open that way!!! SUCCESS!! DJ was very patient during the conversation b/c I mustve been very stressed out. He walked me through it quickly and saved me $225 w/ the locksmith from having to make a new key/buying a new remote. He also advised me that only a dealership can sell me the key since it would be illegal to do so otherwise. I was sooo thrilled that it worked out! He answered my questions and helped me out w/o having been there customer. I will definitely bring my car there in the future. So glad they could helpme out with just a call. Dealership had no idea what I was talking about and the locksmith did not have any experience directly with specific car makes. Very gratefull for Euro Asian Motorworks.
5	Great fast friendly service..thanks
5	I have had many cars and took them all to see BJ at Euro Asian Motorworks and all my vehicles have been serviced from minor to major and never had any issues after work was done, there very friendly and have great communication towards there customers , they have serviced my BMW 745LI,S550,SL550,CLS500,Rang Rover Sport,Audi A4 and even my Ifiniti truck and they have done a great job ... so I highly recommend this shop
5	I have been a customer of BJ and Euro Asian Motorworks for more than four years .  He is very honest and definitely knows how to fix cars other garages won't touch.  You can depend upon BJ to tell you what is wrong, more importantly (in Las Vegas) what is not wrong and what is worth fixing and needs fixing and what can wait. You cannot go wrong bringing your car to this shop.
5	This group of service geniuses are incredible! I'm from out of town, had an issue on a Friday afternoon and they fixed my issue and got me to my meetings on time! I would not only use them again but recommend them to everyone! You will not be disappointed! And the price was right!
5	If your ever in Vegas and need to get your car serviced euroasian is the place to go. There Down right honest and good people BJ was cool and professional he treated me more like a friend than a customer.  After being  denied service by a local BMW dealership  (dessert BMW) I thought I was doomed no one likes to be stranded on vacation but I decided to do some research and found euroasian   And saw a lot of awesome reviews so I took my car there I usually work on my car myself but I was on vacation and it was an emergency, I honestly feel great about my experience at there repair shop and felt like it was money well spent...... Good jobs guys keep up the good work. I will definitely come back
