4	This place is super-stylish. Cheerful, modern space. Perfect for talking or working (there's wi-fi).  Really good coffee (but I'm not a fanatic). Food is well-crafted from excellent ingredients -- they're small plates, so don't expect to get stuffed. Great addition to Central Phoenix.!
1	Very Mod looking place ... but I found the food to be pretty bland and my carmel latte just okay ... DOG FRIENDLY patio a major plus for me and my dog.Forgot all about this post until this came into my MySpace account from the OWNER!  Date:      May 27, 2006 8:02 PM   Flag spam/abuse. [ ? ]Subject:  hey daveBody:  i don't know you from adam...but i have to tell you how i feel about random folk posting negativity about drip coffee lounge. or any place for that matter.i find it totally lame.if you thought my organic food was bland, i'd much rather you tell me, talk to me about it so i could attempt to make it non bland for you....i wonder what you ordered?no you have to spew negativity into the world.curious if i was the barista that made your carmel latte???regardless if you care enough to come back to drip i'll attempt to make you a beverage that suits your tastes.if it was easy i guess everyone and their brother would have a cafe.From:http://www.myspace.com/gbellgrrl  take care---End---Well ... there you go ... building a community one person at a time!  I say the Lux "Community" is just fine ... and the coffee ... service much better ... I was originally being kind ... honestly this is the most pretentious place I've ever walked into ... and there is NOTHING cool about it ... zero substance ... only pretension ... fashion and style ... but so sorry you can't buy cool ... and this place proves it on a daily basis.
4	Drip is a cool little space of minimalistic decor. The coffee is excellent and the owner, Gina, was very friendly to me and we had quite a nice conversation. My Americano was great!  Wi-fi internet is available so bring your laptop with you. The menu is full of organic items. This time around I didn't sample any of the food because I had just eaten elsewhere, but I'll be sure to stop back by to try them out. The cream cheese and Nutella panini sounds intriguing.
4	Drip's hip interior, environmental stewardship, fair prices, and good coffee and tea make it my favorite breakfast lounge in the Phoenix downtown-ish area.  The servers make you feel glad to be there, too.  You should check it out.
5	LOVE IT!  Drip is a FAB place!The service was generous & friendly.  Coffee & treats? Delish! Free wi-fi and many easily available electrical plugs make it a hot  meeting place.I met one of my clients there for the first time  2 weeks ago - we enjoyed it so much - we are going back again this week.The owner Gina Madrid is as hip & gracious as they get.  Gina introduced herself & made us feel right home.   Mod decor.  Mad good cookies.  My cup of Joe!  Definitely worth the trip to Drip!
5	I love Drip. My partner and I stop by at least once every couple of weeks. The owner, Gina, and staff are incredibly friendly and welcoming. Every time I've been in they've all remembered our names and gone out of their way to see how we are doing.They are all about their organic, minimalist, authentic life at Drip. Coffee is only in drip form (i.e. espresso). Food is all local and organic. And the design is modern, simple, and attractive. They are dog friendly and even when they are packed they make the outdoor/indoor seating work. If you haven't been you should. It's definitely a place that you can go with friends, have a good lunch. Or you can take your laptop, zone out, and watch the scenery. It's just not trying to be anything that it's not (unlike sooo many coffee houses I come across). That's the best part about it. Drip is drip. And Drip is good.
5	Day 1: Excellent, personable service! The waiter, upon discovering it was my first time in, actually sat down at my table and told me about the establishment and their wonderful array of drinks and eats. Americano was made with fab espresso! Yum!Day 2: Yes, I actually came back the VERY NEXT DAY! Had another Americano, and after an hour or so of studying, tried the egg creme (Note:does not actually contain egg).  This smooth, chocolaty goodness left me wanting more, so......Day 3: Well, you get the idea. I have been here everyday to study since my first day over a week ago and still look forward to my few hours of studying, accompanied by "rewards." Cozy atmosphere, great staff and peaceful place to study!
1	Wow.  After reading Dave's review below, I feel like I am not alone.I wanted to give drip a decent chance.  After all, it's a locally-owned coffeeshop in my neighborhood.  First of all, I walked in and didn't quite know what to do.  After seeing I  looked lost, the barista said I could have a seat anywhere.Next, after about 5 minutes, the barista comes over and asks what I'd like.  I wanted to know if they were serving breakfast and lunch, since it was 11.00.  She said "let's just get your drink order first".  15 minutes later, I ordered a sandwich.  55 minutes after I walked in, I was eating my sandwich.What?  I stopped over because I had about an hour to kill.  You think that'd be enough time to get a sandwich and chill out.  Not that day.  The barista informed me they were short-handed.  The sandwich I ordered, had I made it at home, would have taken about 10 minutes. To top it off, she asked if I liked it.  When I replied "yeah", she said "You're lucky.  We just ran out of red peppers."Lucky me.Yikes.  Sorry drip.  I won't be back.
2	drip is a very apt name for this place. its got the heart but the actual follow through and execution leave a lot to be desired.my first cappuchino was horribly burnt and undrinkable. i sent it back and the owner made me another. it was equally as bad but i didnt want to make a scene out of it and drank my girlfriends iced tea, after we had to ask for the ice part.the breakfast was decent but nothing to get me out of bed to come and have.i am giving it two stars because they were playing the portishead live album and that gets my heart strings everytime.i know it seems harsh to judge a place on one experience but if i am going to spend money at an establishment they better make it the best experience everytime i am there. i gave drip a chance by sending my first coffee back and it came back to me just as ruined. this is not a case of accident, this is a case of not knowing how to make espresso. this is actually very common at most restaurants unfortunately no one seems to either complain about it or know when their espresso has been burned. (ie - its not supposed to taste bitter and make your face scrunch up in pain).for a coffee shop this is just unexcusable and grants no second chances. i hope that the owner is reading this cause i do want to see them succeed and i hope that she sees this as constructive criticism.in the meantime i have been introduced to LUX who have made me 3 caps on 3 seperate trips and each one has been perfect.
4	i love the veggie sandwich.I also enjoy the atmosphere, the music, and the community feel.  I'm a fan of the lemonade too.This is a good choice if you aren't in a rush (things happen in their own time at Drip.)  It is super fantastic if you can hang out for a while, enjoy the free Wi-fi and sip on a drink or chat with a friend.TRY THE VEGGIE SANDWICH!!!Yay for Drip!
4	Love Drip. I've been coming here for a few years now, and Gina and Vene always make my daughter and I feel right at home. And where else can you be guaranteed to see the mayor of phoenix sipping a cuppa joe. I love the food, especially the NY egg sandwich, and the homemade goodies that are usually on display. And the coffee is excellent, always nice and strong. However, they do make everything to order, so allow some time during busy hours (lunch, etc). They have free wi fi, and well placed outlets, most of them are quad boxes, so you will have place to plug in. And I have yet to hear a bad song, so overall, I would recommend it to anyone.
4	I've been going to drip for years. Love the owners and love the new Italian cafe (BYOB, sweet) they are opening next door.But today was a first for me. I had a soy latte. Why? Well, I think I've become lactose intolerant and wanted to try something new. It was GOOD. Also had the NY egg sandwich, without cheese, which was delectable. Just the right amount of chewy softness to the bagel. I do wish Sam the chocolate guy had been giving away free chocolates again, but I can't always get lucky.
1	Looked like a cute place and it's right down the street and locally owned, so I was excited to try it out.I think the staff (it looks like they might all be related) have been huffing toxic fumes in the kitchen.  The braincells were severely lacking throughout the place.  I went there for breakfast, but I don't eat eggs and I don't drink coffee...this has never been a problem at any restaurant in the world...except for Drip.  They couldn't comprehend that I don't eat eggs...so basically I was ordering a breakfast sandwhich they had on the menu minus the egg (bread & ham).  This caused a 4-minute confused slo-mo conversation at the table and then the chef ( mom?) came out 5 minutes later and we had to do the the entire conversation again.  All of which was entirely unnecessary, but heaven forbid they make a lunch item for breakfast...even though the components are exactly the same and lunch started in 20 minutes.The tea tasted average, but came in this time-consuming, over-the-top delivery system that was completely unnecessary.  It took forever for the simple-minded server to put it all together.  The server also liked hanging out at our table looking at us during our entire meal and taking things we weren't done with yet...like my half of my drink.This was one of the most annoying dining experiences I've ever had.  Pretentious, snotty, AND simple-minded...weird!  At least when I got my food (which was still totally wrong, but it didn't have egg in it and I didn't want to talk to anyone there anymore so I ate it) it tasted good for what it was (wrong).  Everything seemed to be organic.  If you have two brain cells and like good food, this may be the place for you...just don't confuse them...their heads might explode.
4	I've been going to drip now for almost a year now, I love it everything about it.  Gina is always super friendly, and the food is always great.  Free Wi-fi makes it the perfect place for me to wake up in the morning, have a nice breakfast and study in an actually well lit and open coffee shop.  THe only reason I can't give it five stars is I do wish that it would be open past 3 pm, but after 3 I have to head on over to Lux.
4	I lived down the street from this joint when it opened. Great place! Small and quaint. Coffee was pretty good from what I remembered. One time I went there with my husband and he got Nutella crepes. Sounds weird but looked good!
2	Note to self: ALWAYS listen to Amanda B.I spent a few hours at Drip recently, needing to get away from the Hubby, who is on a real vacation, not a working "vacation" as this teacher always is. Damned evaluations...Anyway, Drip was pretty full when I arrived at 11:00, and remained fairly so until I left 3 hours later. The iced latte I had might just leave me with a bleeding ulcer, but on the other hand, the cucumber, havarti, spinach, and cream cheese sandwich I had was freaking awesome. The atmosphere was pretty industrial, with an awkward second room which also contained the single unisex bathroom with a separate sink just outside the enclosed stall. Really, Drip. This feels like one small step above a porta-potty. The chairs were not entirely uncomfortable, but just enough so that it kept me working. No squishy nappy-time seats here, except for one boxy couch. I suppose that's good. But sorry, Drip. Pair the whole experience with your lame hours and poor acoustics, and I can't see myself returning.
2	I heard about this place for years before I actually went in yesterday. It was disappointing. It ended up being a dark, humid, little sweatbox (note: bad smells!) of a coffee shop, with very little seating and terrible hours for a CenPho location (open til 3 on a Sunday...are you serious?). I ordered an Americano, which was actually quite tasty, but switched with my girlfriend because the Chai tea latte she ordered was subpar. Instead of a syrup or a powder, Drip just brews a bag of Chai and then adds milk. What you get is nothing like a Chai tea latte, but rather a milky tea that left me with gas for 16 hours. Skip this hangout.
3	Went here about two weeks ago with my favorite boy for some coffee and a little breakfast.  Very surprised at the scarce furnishings inside, but everything was clean and the girl working was very helpful and friendly.  Certainly no bargains to be had here (2 coffees and a sandwich was close to $18!), but the coffee was good and the NYC Egg Sandwich that we shared was delicious!!  We both agreed we would return to try some of the other tasty things on the menu, and we both felt good supporting a local business.
4	I finally made it to Drip this past Thursday... I chose to go there because they were participating in Dining Out For Life and they were centrally located downtown.  And since I'd never been, I figured it would be a great place to host April Office Hours.I called ahead to give a heads up that our group would be in, and they seemed concerned that the space would not be big enough.  It was fine though!  We took over the main room.  Gina took good care of our group.I saw some of the food that they served and it looked pretty good...  some interesting sandwiches for a coffee shop including one with egg, asparagus, and prosciutto.  I however, went with an iced tea and a sparkling water.  Note to self - honey doesn't mix well in iced tea.  Mix honey into the hot tea next time before pouring over ice!  Since I don't live in the area, I probably won't be making a special trip to Drip anytime again soon, but if I did, I could see stopping by more often.
4	A friend introduced me to Drip while I was visiting for a weekend. It's hard to rate the menu since we grabbed breakfast. I'm into the healthy theme and the owners seemed cool.
3	It's one of those funky Phoenix institutions. They publish their menu in Java magazine and post it on the wall, so right away you know they don't do business as usual. In fact, they seem content to just cruise.There are only a handful of tables (all two tops) but they don't mind if you pull them all together for a group. Just be prepared. The kitchen is not known for being speedy, but that's part of Drip's appeal. Sit back, relax, enjoy your coffee and conversation while you wait for you food to come out. It's worth the wait. I've only been for breakfast and I really like the veggie fritatta (usually has asparagus, mushrooms and red/green bell peppers) with a few dollops of sour cream baked in. It comes with a piece of the BEST toast in the world with homemade berry jam. I have to remember to ask next time where they get that bread. The toast and jam also is a great breakfast treat.. They brew up fresh tea for you when you order ice tea. It's served with the hot cup of tea still steeping and a cup full of ice at the ready. They also offer Italian sodas in a bunch of different flavors and, of course, coffee. They have free wifi and lots of plug-ins, so it's not unusual to see several laptops with people attached when you go there. The waitstaff (aka Gina) is very friendly and helpful.
4	I wandered in here for the first time last week.  I liked it so much I went twice more in the same week!I met Gina Madrid, the owner, and we bonded over growing up in West Phoenix.  She was so nice and easygoing, it felt more like chatting with an old friend rather than buying an americano and cupcake.  I almost forgot to pay, and she almost forgot to charge me!Speaking of the cupcakes:  they are deeeelicous and vegan.  I had the PB & J cupcake and it was like heaven.  Moist, creamy, and sweet all at the same time.  She said that the guy who bakes them just walked in one day and offered to let her try some of his wares.  He used to bake them at his house, but Gina liked them so much she offered to let him use her kitchen at the Lounge.  They are really really good. I like the minimalist decor and the fact that Gina doesn't want to display art.  Normally I would hate this, but Gina makes a great argument for having a nice blank space to clear your thoughts. Plus it can be a hassle to manage the selling of art and finding artisits that you want to sell for. The music is awesome!  Classic rock, rockabilly, 70's and 80's easy listening.  Ya gotta love some "Leather and Lace" with your vegetable fritatta in the morning!
5	After our team yoga class we had our staff meeting at Drip this week. Gina is totally awesome, and they were super accomodating. Matt at Sutra Midtown Yoga (next door to Drip) let them know we'd be over afterwards and they had tables and chairs pulled together in the semi private space in the north part of their place.Gina is dynamic and attentive, and the food was was especially enjoyable. Matt had talked up the NY egg sandwich and it didn't disappoint- I had mine with an over hard egg, Boar's Head bacon and tomato. The home fries were some of the best I've had. If you're in the neighborhood and looking to support a cool local place (and you should be), stop in and check out Drip!
4	i was a bit turned off by the ambience the first time i came here - same as at lux, it kind of feels like you are stepping into an ikea catalogue.  unlike lux, though, the atmosphere gets friendlier the longer you hang around.where lux always feels more like an office, drip definitely feels like a neighborhood joint - albeit with contemporary furniture choices.  there's a really sweet dog that runs around the place occasionally, and the owner/operator is super friendly and chatty if you want to be.it's one of those coffee shops where you can sit and work, but there's also usually an opportunity or two every hour to jump into a convo that starts between the barista and the patrons and spreads around the cafe like a friendly communal blanket.  not that people are talking loudly - it's just a small space, so you'll be able to hear what everyone is saying unless they are speaking quietly.the espresso is yummy.  note to the guy who got gas from an actual chai tea - that's how a chai latte is supposed to be made, man.  it's like complaining because someone gave you fresh juice instead of juicy juice.also, the bathroom area is awesome!  i don't know why.  i just really like it.fair warning: the chairs are not very comfy.  even the ones in the middle of the room.  which look like they are begging to hold your fanny in a warming canvassed embrace - they leave you cold and a little stiff.
5	It's been at least three months since my last vist but that's because I'm not a morning perosn and by the time I rise the doors are closed. With that being said...I took my sister who was visiting form Seattle here and it was amazing. We had iced coffee's and I believe they said homemade jam and some bread. The jam was d-lish and the coffee was great. I used to be a big coffee drinker but now-a-days i barely ever drink the stuff, it hurts my stomach whenever I do. Not the case at Drip. The coffee was perfect and not a single stomach ache.When I was there they offered free wi-fi, a thumbs up move in my opinion, had adequate seating and the atmosphere was quiet and comfortable not like Starbucks. The women helping us was a delight to talk to as well.One day, soon, I'll have to wake up and visit again. Any of you coffee lovers that live or work in the area should definitely go check it out.
2	Hmmm... I'm a little sad.  I always drive by this place and have always wanted to go in.  Today was the big day.  I needed a place to study away from the boringness of the ASU library so I ventured out to Drip.  I had that warm, "yea!  A cute coffee house that isn't crowded" feeling as I walked up to the bar to order.  Gina, I presume, was very nice and I ordered a latte and frittata and took my seat at a cute table facing the street.  I happen to love the color orange- and it is everywhere in Drip... ah, contentment.  I turned on my laptop and patiently waited for the food.  Drink came out quickly.  I noticed that wi-fi didn't connect automatically so I waited a few minutes for the waitress.  It seemed like it took a little longer than norm for the food to come out.  As she walked over, the frittata looked amazing as did the toast.  She set my plate down and I asked her if Drip offered wi-fi.  Her cold reply, "no. sorry."  WHAT!!!  And after reading all of these great reviews that the coffeehouse does, I'm completely annoyed... even more so.  That is just so odd to me.  So, needless to say, I had to pack up and leave and here I am- in the boring library listening to some cute (yet incredibly annoying) nerds go over a chemistry mid-term.  Exactly what I set out to avoid today... ugh.Buuuuttttt... the food was great.  I loved the frittata and the coffee was great.  The other downfall, the frittata was $8 I believe- I think it should have been about $6 and the cute cup of coffee was about $5, should have been about $3.50 or so.  Not sure if I'll return, it'll probably be awhile.  High hopes shot down about the wi-fi... maybe I'll have a better outlook when I'm out of this basement!
2	Dangit, Drip. I've been hoping to love you for almost two years now. Having a coffee shop within walking distance of my place is a must, and so after moving to Phoenix I was thrilled to have this cute little spot just up the road. I find that whenever I'm in the mood (or desperate) for a nice cup of coffee they're closed. Closed on Mondays. Closed after 3. Randomly closed today (Tuesday). On the occasions when I've ventured in and found them open, my experience has been ok. There's something about the ambiance that--and another reviewer mentioned it--feels awkward. Sometimes the music is too loud and I can't work, or the place is empty and I feel guilty about sitting for a couple hours and ordering just a coffee and some toast. There's nothing WRONG with Drip, per se, but with so many other coffee options in town (that are reliably open), I'll be headed elsewhere for my caffeine fix.
4	Eggsalent Breakfast! (yah, I know sounds dorky, but it really was excellent).  Coffee is presented to you like you are the only person in world having a cup of coffee, something nice about that.  NOTE:::  Since the last time I was in there, about a month or so ago-- it is now closed down and either has or is going to re-open as "Toast" but located next door?  I was confused when this was explained to me.  If you know, can you message me and let me know what is going on?  I suppose I could stop by and see for myself.
3	Enjoyed the lattes and coffee. Stopped by this morning to find it's closed.
4	No longer in business.
