5	Roxy the Dog Model: A few weeks ago, Roxy and I happened upon A Dog's Life Photography at the gala opening of Zippity Do Dogs. Now, I'm not normally the type who would take her dog in for a portrait, but they were offering a free sitting and a free picture, so I figured why not? It was a little crazy in the shop that day, so as we waited for a trio of well dressed balls of fluff in front of us to finish up, and Roxy was starting to get a little nervous.  As I watched the photographer work, I noticed how well she adjusted her style to suit each dog. Using treats, toys, different tones of voice, or whatever got a response from the dog in the spotlight, she was able to get tons of different shots in just a few minutes. It was our turn before too long and I led Roxy over to their little set up in the corner (with a professional back drop and everything). The photographer, Susan, greeted me with a smile and Roxy with a treat, and told us where I should have her sit. After some minor wrangling, she started snapping pics. Roxy was already in nervous mode (which involves lots of panting and attempts to shake paws/hands), but Susan and her assistant were ready with their calm, cheerful voices and, of course, treats.  Roxy finally began to relax, and after several different poses and angles, we were done. Roxy was happy to get out of there and I was promised a digital copy and print within a few weeks. Fast forward a few weeks and...We got the email last night with our digital print! Wow! I just can't believe how well the pictures turned out! The first picture was classic Roxy, complete with her big, goofy, tongue-lolling dog smile. The other featured Roxy in her best 'please give me that treat' pose - paw poised for a shake. Too cute! I had to buy a few extra prints!I also got a link to check out the other dogs that were there at the event and fell even more in love. They were all so adorable that I almost wanted to buy the pictures of other people's dogs too! (Go check the website to see them!) The editing was great and every dog had great shots. They were even able to do some really cute group shots with the little fluff balls thanks to digital magic. They had a bunch of different angles and different kinds of shots of dogs of every size (including an escape attempt by a dachshund that turned into great action shot). Ordering prints was super easy - just click the pic you want and select from a variety of prints (or canvas, mugs, t-shirts, etc.). Voila!
5	I met Susan at a St. Francis event. There she took pictures of my Grandbabies Albert and Lacey. I took a photo of each one of the dogs and Susan turned it into a purse for my daughter for Christmas. My son-in-law loved it so much he wanted a wallet with the dogs on it. She does wonderful work. She is an artist. I am so proud to know her and her wonderful work. She helps rescue groups with her photography and in my eyes she is a wonderful person for doing that.
5	A Dog's Life Photography is as good as it gets.  Before Moving to Phoenix to start up Zippity Do Dogs, I owned a video production company in Los Angeles.  I've worked with professional photographers for the past 20 years.  I've seen the good, the bad and the ugly.  When we met Susan and saw her work I knew we had the the good, the best, and the Amazing!  On our Grand Opening I got to see her in action.  She is extremely professional.  I was shocked to see how many studio lights and equipment she brought in to take the photos.  Susan and her assistant were able to work with all the dogs and get great shots.  I couldn't believe what I was seeing.  Dogs are not easy to photograph.  We proudly display her work on our website www.zippitydodogs.com  and on our tv monitors in our store as well as hang her pictures on our wall.  Come by anytime to see them in person.
5	Susan (and Laura) are fantastic at what they do.  Susan did a fantastic job with our two Border Collies and Mini Doxie (who normally will pose until the cows come home).  If you are looking for the best in Photography, don't look any further.  I recommend A Dog's LIfe to everyone I talk to wanting photos of their kids done.  But don't think A Dog's Life is all about the mighty dollar either, they've done a tremendous amount of work with rescue groups too.  Their hearts are in the right spot with talent to spare.
5	Not only is Susan a wonderful photographer, she's also a wonderful human being. I volunteer for a dog rescue and Susan has done 2 pro-bono shoots for some of our dogs. The professional photos were used on their Petfinder and Adopt-a-Pet profiles and were INSTRUMENTAL in getting these dogs adopted! I highly recommend A Dog's Life Photography and Susan Schmidt. We love her and the dogs love her!
