4	The only reason I tried / found this place was because I was looking for some take-out on Christmas Day.  Drove to a place down the street from me -- figured it would be open, but wasn't.  GPS...Points of Interest...Restaurants...Chinese -- and I ended up at Hong Kong Asian Diner.  And, am I glad I did.  Our order for 2 adults and 3 kids was:- BBQ Spare Ribs (app)- Crab Puffs (app)- House Special Fried Rice- Sweet & Sour Pork- Fuji Steak- Shrimp & Lobster SauceThe food was absolutely delicious and there were plenty of left overs (which reheated amazingly well, some was even good cold).  The Spare Ribs and Fuji Steak stood out as especially good, while the sweet & sour was average.  But overall, it was excellent and we were all very happy with it.As of this writing I've been back once with the family, and I intend to go back many more times.  On the second trip, we had sweet & sour chicken and I'd say it was just as average as the pork was.  Other new dishes were:- Seafood Fire Pot: this was quite good, but I doubt I'll order it again.  There was a generous portion of lobster, scallops, and shrimp (for $11, anyway), but it was a little too bland.- House Lo Mein: this dish pretty much rocked.  The noodles weren't soggy, and it wasn't too greasy either.This place has a fairly extensive menu.  And, the lunch combo prices look unbeatable.  For under $5, you get soup, egg roll, crab pubb, fried rice, and your entree.The atmosphere is very casual, and the service reminds me of a good San Francisco Chinatown dive.  Not exactly a good date restaurant, but great for a date between the red bbq spare ribs and your stomach.Definitely keep this place in mind for take-out.  I can't imagine anyone regretting giving this place a shot.
3	This place is in the Fry's Marketplace shopping center, on the northwest corner of Ray and Rural. Not horrible, but not really good, either, and I really wanted it to be good because I needed another Asian take-out place for when Thai Basil was closed (during their annoying after lunch / before dinner break, or on Sundays) or I didn't want to shell out the big bucks for Swaddee across the street.So, their take-out process: they've never botched an order, but the food's never once been ready within the time frame given - I usually have to sit and wait and watch while somebody else comes in, orders, gets their food and leaves, when I freakin' called ahead.And the food: I've sampled various veggie and seafood options, and they're all just ok. It's cheap Chinese. If that's what you and your wallet are in the mood for, it'll work.
5	As a Chinese guy here in Arizona it's pretty hard to find any decent Chinese food.  I mean, if PF Chang's is your idea of authentic, you need to get your head checked then come to HK Asian Diner. This fine establishment is one of the few places that one can get a pretty authentic Chinese meal.  Just look at the usual crowd that frequents the restaurant and you know it's the real deal.  I can't really pick any specific dishes out that I particularly enjoy, but pretty much anything off the "Chinese" menu is pretty solid.  In conclusion, get out of your comfort zone and try something new.  The only thing that should scare you about this place is the HK gangster waitress. She may come off as rude, but that's just how they do it back in the home country so don't fret. Go there and you'll see what I mean haha.
5	I would have never known about this Hong Kong Chinese restaurant unless the waitress at Saigon Pho ( http://www.yelp.com/biz/saigon-pho-chandler#hrid:K7dcALr_WARav3-SqLC4LA ) hadn't recommended it! Kudos to her! We discovered that the waitress had virtually the same taste in Chinese cooking as my sister and myself! She even liked Wong's  Place ( http://www.yelp.com/biz/wongs-place-tempe#hrid:r9k_c5ki5lhCkm9wOsj8Hg ) on Baseline in Tempe. Tonight we decided on her recommendation of Hong Kong Asian Diner.Stuffed Meat To-Fu (*** 1/2 $5.95) The most subtle tasting entree that we had this evening. We probably should not have ordered it along with the Fish Ball entree, Salty Fish Fried Rice or Singapore Vermecelli. Our fault, not the restaurant's! The flavor was very subtle. You will see a slab of Tofu cut into eight thick squares... each Tofu square is topped with a piece of Shrimp and liberally sprinkled with small Peanut chunks. Chinese Broccoli flanked the sides of the Tofu, which was immersed in a White Gravy. Nice looking presentation.Sizzling Black Bean Sauce Fish Balls (***** $7.95) There is some problem in translation with this entree. The "Fish Balls" are actually Filet of Fish... not the Fish Balls you'd associate with Pho! The problem is the absolute direct translation from the Chinese lettering on the menu. The Filets are sauteed in a Black Bean Brown Gravy along with Green and Red Peppers and big chunks of Onions. We enjoyed this a lot!Salty Fish / Chicken Fried Rice (***** $7.95) Unlike other traditional Cantonese restaurants, the Chicken is fried golden brown (before being added to the Fried Rice), along with bigger chunks of Salty Fish to create this Fried RIce! This was one of the dishes unanimously voted best of the evening! Proviso - I hesitate in recommending this Fried Rice to non-Asians, as Salty Fish is an acquired taste.Singapore Vermecelli (***** $7.95) Hong Kong Asian Diner's innovation in this staple Egg Noodle dish is the addition of a lot of Ground Black Pepper, sprinkled profusely on top of the prepared Noodles! It seems like, even though I order this all the time, this was the first time my sister and my friend ever had Singapore Vermecelli. Singapore Vermecelli is a Egg Noodle dish fried with Barbeque Pork and Shrimp and bits of Chicken, also with Green Pepper, Eggs, and Onions, spiced with Curry. Because of the use of Curry, Singapore Vermecelli has been confused as a tropical item from the island of Singapore... when in actuality it's strictly of Chinese origin. Delicious!Pot of Hot TeaSliced Valencia Oranges afterwards.Nice presentation of each entree, especially the Salty Fish Fried Rice and Singapore Vermecelli. You might have a problem with communication... as there is a definite lack of knowledge of English in this restaurant... from the translation in the menus to the wait-staff.There are many Lunch Specials under $6... but you will be disappointed if you don't order off the strictly Chinese Menu even with the bad English translation! Attempts at being a little bit more upscale than your typical Chinese restaurant. Demographics at 9pm: 40% of capacity, 90% Oriental customers.A definite 5-star Chinese restaurant in the Valley! Not just a Cantonese restaurant... but a Hong Kong Cantonese restaurant. Perform some research on the Internet before coming through the door.
5	I've only been here once-but have been meaning to go back. It is very nice and clean inside and the family that owns it are nice enough. They are as authentic as you can get. I don't like a lot of Chinese restaurants in Arizona but this one's a keeper. The food is delicious, especially the way they make my favorite green beans. I am very picky about this and this place makes it just right.
2	the food is fine. my cantonese friends claim it's quite authentic actually, but the service sucks. hostesses and waitresses both quite rude and i'd rather take my money elsewhere.
4	Having done some research on Yelp before traveling to Phoenix for a long weekend, we were looking for a good Chinese restaurant near the airport. I was lured to this place by Mark D.'s review because he said it was in a Fry's marketplace and I was thinking he meant the electronics store (there aren't any Fry's grocery stores in NM)!! Despite the letdown of not being able to shop for electronics right after lunch, I am still a fan of this place. We got there at the odd hour of 2:30pm but still got served with good food. I had requested crispy (both sides fried) noodles with chicken and vegetables (only the vegetarian version is listed on the menu) which was delicious. The chicken with salted fish fried rice and beef, onion and pepper rice noodles with black bean sauce was also very good. The only dish that I would not recommend is the sauteed choy sum which was par-boiled too long and a bit too soft for my liking.
4	Stopped in here with Mike C. today to give this mid-sized buffet a try.  It sits in a modern strip mall, & is reasonably nice inside, but the food selection is small for a Chinese buffet.  There were only 20 main food choices out, including a bit of salad.  There were some tasty treats though, including:* The just-right Hot & Sour Soup with little pieces of mystery meat in it, & also shrimp!    (The Egg Flower Soup was good too.)*  The Spring Rolls...  well prepared & not greasy at all.*  The Pork Fried Rice...  fluffy, flavorful, & not greasy.All the rest of the food here was delicious too, actually.  Now as mentioned in more than one other review, the staff members here suffer from a touch of awfulness, but with the food as good as it is & the low price, I think it earns a good solid 4-Stars anyway.  Yum!Lunch Buffet $5.75
4	went here for lunch with Rand H. and it was pretty good with about 40 or so items it was like one of the typical Indian buffets in size. The soups egg drop and hot and sour were both really good,I had a bowl of each.The main dishes were all done to perfection , five stars for most of them.Well maybe all of them. They were a little weak on the dessert items though. They had jello ,sliced peaches and those little white balls i think there called lychee. Anyway it was a great lunch at a good price $5.75 the service kind of sucks or they could have made 5 stars but because the food was so good i give them 4.
5	They serve cantonese style Chinese food. I'd say you really have to know how to order to really enjoy good Chinese food because there are so many dishes you can choose from. I think they have a buffet here, but I wouldn't try it if I were you. Good food doesn't come in all-you-can-eat. Pay a little extra and really enjoy your food. Quality over quantity.The service here is not so great but the food makes up for it.
1	Well I have to agree with previous reviewers about the rather rude waitresses, but that has never really stopped me from trying out and liking establishments. Food taste and authenticity is more of my "thing". I had tried this place earlier as a coworker swears by this place ( Midwest American). I have really never been impressed or dissuaded enough to yelp about it. In all honesty I think that I should have tried their a-la carte menus which had a bunch of authentic (ask for the cantonese menu) dishes. However I decided to go for the buffet. Simply horrible is all that comes to mind. All of the dishes had that "left out for several hours" taste and texture. Both their soups were just horrible. All the items (of which only half of them were replenished) were americanized hurriedly prepared soaking in oil, dishes with chewy meat.The fried rice was rather decent; the only redeeming factor. I pity my coworker who eats this waste of comestibles, almost every day.
1	A prison gives better service than this place and possibly food too.i needed to get my stomach pumped after eating here. And you would too if you eat here, your stomach will hurt like hell!!! the soup was a disgusting glop. the rice was not fresh, the noodles were ehj...ive had better Chinese at a jack in the box. and after the horrible waitress and customer service. I DID NOT PROVIDE A TIP as i see a tip as a reflection of service and this place, lacked it all completely. well the cashier threw me the receipt, because of this, no words were exchanged, she was just pissed i did not give a tip. if i wasn't such a calm person, i would have reached over that counter and slapped her. however, this is all they get from me. a bad review and i will never think of this place again.trust me JACK IN THE BOX has better Chinese.
4	We went for their lunch buffet, which has a limited amount of food but it's all the best of the buffet choices and the price is unbeatable.  I loved their fried rice and chow mein, could not get enough of their orange chicken, chicken wings and chicken skewers.  Everything I tried was really good.  Like others have said, the service kinda sucks, the waitress was kinda rude when we got in because a big crowd had entered right behind us but she did get nicer throughout the meal.  The desserts section of the buffet was definitely lacking as well.  If you are looking for extremely well priced lunch buffet of great Chinese staples, this is the place.
3	Service = negative one million stars.  Almost walked out until my much smarter friend reminded me fellow yelpers warned us about the gosh awful rudeness.Food = not that many buffet options but everything they did have was very good.  Orange chicken, fried rice, egg rolls, some other chicken mixture were my favs.  And its cheap!  cheap + full belly = good lunch choice.  Maybe not good for a date night :)I'd go again now that I know they are rude consistently and not just to a select few.
4	This is actually a pretty authentic place; the service is pretty rude, the American inspired Chinese dishes don't taste that great, but the real Chinese dishes are pretty damn great.  If you're looking to bring a date, unless you are going for real casual, don't bother.  But if you're looking for a relatively low priced place where you can find a few dishes that rival San Francisco China Town's holes in the wall, turn a blind eye on the imported service and take your chopsticks and randomly choose something on the menu.  Well, that's what I did atleast.  I come here if I'm going to be in Phoenix for a couple of days, and always find myself full and with some leftovers for tomorrow.As for what to choose, well if you're someone with a sense of adventure ask the service what's their favorite, you might be disgusted and blown away all within the same hour.
4	After reading the 1 star reviews, I was reminded of the last time I ate here (2yrs ago).  The place was rediculously crowded, the wait staff was running around like it was their 1st time working at a restaurant, they had what looked like 5th-9th grade girls (owners daughters?) serving drinks and seating people.".....hey, let's open up a restaurant, how hard can it be?  it's not rocket science...."There were several 10-seat tables with lazy-susan's (sorry if your name is susan) that were reserved while throngs of customers waitied for the 4-person booths and smaller tables to open up.  Meanwhile, there were 3-4 tables waiting to be cleared as the waitresses looked like they were swamped.  Bringing out 1 order what looked like every 10mins.we reluctantly conceded to taking a booth and 2 small tables for our family of 15 all the while eyeing the 10-seat banquet style tables with hand written scraps of paper shouting "reserved"it took forever for them to come and take our order.  the waitress was making us nervous with her fast talking and sense of urgency to get back to serving food to the other tables.so to make it easy, we just ordered double-portions of about 10 different dishes and we never saw her again until our 1st entree came out.the whole dinner took in excess of 2 hrsi remember saying that there are plenty of other places to eat with the same quantity, quality and price and much closer to east chandler where we live.fast forward to august 27th, 2010....I entered this place again with fear and trepidation.so i thought of a new strategy, have my wife who speaks fluent cantonese call in a reservation for 10 and we'll get the royal treatment.  as i listened to the jiberish dialogue, and my wife promptly hangs up the phone, i asked, "she didn't even ask for a reservation name or phone number?"wife:  NOgreaaaat.  it was not an official reservation i shouted!  we'll get there, and the there will be no 10-seat banquet style lazy-susan equipped table available and the hostess will look at us and say, "what name was it under?"so for the next 5 mile drive, i was thinking about what i was going to say when i arrived to our destination."....hi, were chinese and have a reservation for 10.....""...reservation for 10, for the mayor of chandler.."so when i swung open the door, the waitress/hostess greeted me with a "how many?" gesture (don't ask me what that's supposed to look like) and i held up both my hands with 8 fingers and 2 thumbs outstretched.much to my surprise, she smiled and pointed to the 10-seat-lazy-susan.for those of you who had a "bad service" experience, i have to let you in on a little secret: this is going to sound racist, but if you don't speak the lingo, they're not gonna carry on a "hi, how are you, and how's your family" conversation.  I don't speak a lick of chinese and if i were to eat here alone, they'd snuff me.since my dutiful wife is fluent, gregarious and has a lovely demeanor, they love her and chat her up.  they make recommendations, ask her how old her daughter is, how cute it is that she can speak cantonese too.  and i'm sure they're asking why doesn't your chinese-looking husband speak chinese?  is he one of those "slow" ones?i having been raised for 3 generations in AZ, used to think, "these people really look down upon me for my ignorance"but i've come to realize that perhaps they just feel more comfortable speaking to someone in their native language as opposed to the semi-complicated english(?)in my 47 years of eating at 100's of different chinese restaurants, i can only count on 1 hand the few that have had great "western style" service. (think PFChang, pei-wei, panda express, noodle ranch).  does that make me stop eating at chinese restaurants?  if that were the case, then i would have to avoid eating at the top 10 chinese restaurants (as far as the food, price and quantity goes) in phoenix.3 out of 4 i can live with.good food, good quantity, bad prices, bad service.....i will go but only if someone insists on goinggood food, bad quantity, bad prices, bad service (see wong's place)....if family members drag me there and are payingbad food, good quantity, good prices, good service.....no way joseyou get the picture.turns out there are as good places that are1) closer in proximity2) as good quality3) same prices4) same service (with wife or mom in tow)so it's not a must have place to run toif you live in chandler and awhatukee, you have my 4 stars
4	This little gem of a restaurant is tucked away in a strip mall connected to a Fry's Marketplace.  I would have never noticed the place if it weren't for the big letters on the window proclaiming "Lunch Buffet - $5.95".  Somehow my radar has been finely tuned to pick up on these words.Of the three times I've been here, I've only had the buffet twice.  That ill-fated third visit was marred by my being fifteen minutes late.  By that time the buffet had already been cleared, so get there on time.  Buffet runs 11:30am-1pm.The six dollar price tag for the lunch buffet is worth it.  They only have about ten items but they're quality dishes.  Americanized but good.  Hot and sour is the only soup option on the buffet but that's fine by me.  It's awesome hot and sour soup.  I love the stir fried green beans with garlic, sesame chicken, roasted chicken, BBQ pork fried rice and the egg rolls.  I think there's only like two hostesses/waitresses.  One seems pretty crabby and not very welcoming.  I like her.  What's a meal without a little anxiety?Been three times and I'll probably be back.
4	Foodies, don't let this place deceive you! They are running two businesses under one guise. The first is regular ol' ho mogwai (not cute furry creature, but basically Chinese for gringo) food. There are two menus here and depending on what you look like (yes, I know it's discrimination) they will give you the blue menu or the pink menu. Sometimes they may give you both if you appear to be down with it! The pink menu is full of sweet and sour chicken and other morsels Americans expect in their Chinese "adventures" The blue menu is the Chinese menu (translated in to what is at times, very humorous Engrish). You may have to ask for this beauty. The clientele in the eat in part of the business is largely Chinese and this usually speaks volumes to the quality to price ratio at Chinese places. The Chinese patrons typically receive an earthenware pot of soup called "daily soup" that is totally free. The soup is different everyday, and often has ingredients favored in Chinese medicine. My kids like it, so we get it. It isn't offered to everyone, so if you want it, ask for it. We have a few favorites here that include seafood chow fun (with gravy), monks platter (an array of mushrooms unlike any I've ever known, paired with tofu), stir fry fish with vegetables (sauteed whitefish with Ginger and baby bok choy), something that I believe is called Peking rib (a staple at most tables, crunchy red goodness), fried calamari, and many others currently evading me. A portion of our family is Chinese, and so we always celebrate Chinese New Year with wonderful seafood dishes. We have typically shared this meal at C-Fu to watch their lion dance performance. This year C-Fu canceled the show, so we couldn't see paying twice as much for food that definitely isn't twice as good. We fed 16 people for around 120 dollars this year. It was awesome! Do know that the loss of a star is only due to the fact that the staff is discriminatory. We have come in before (before our Chinese relatives arrive) and chopsticks and tea cups were removed from the table. The staff can be quite brusque until you get to know them. We've been coming in for two years now and it has taken this long for them to start being friendly. The food, however, supersedes any lack of manners in the staff. Go in and make the decision that their antics are comical rather than hurtful and like the platter clean!
1	We walked in around 5 (there were three adults and two kids (4 and 2). There wasn't a single other person in the restaurant. The lady came out and didn't even crack a smile, and in fact, was almost bothered that we were there at all. We tried to "kill her with kindness", but she wasn't having it at all. The refused to give my two year old a place setting because "he didn't need it". We were feeling really uncomfortable and almost begging for a reason to leave, but we felt bad. We hoped the food would be better than the service so far. The server went into the back, yelled at someone back there, and then came back out. She came over to take our order about ten minutes later (we were still the only people in the place). I asked if there was any MSG in the food because I am VERY allergic to it. First she said no, and then changed her answer to, "well, maybe a little". I looked at her puzzled (and annoyed that she easily could have sent me to the hospital). I asked if it was in everything and her response was "not everything, well, yes, everything". Again. Are you serious?! Then, seeming annoyed with us, she sat down at a table near by (like standing for two minutes was just too much) and huffed under her breath. Needless to say, I threw two dollars down on the table to cover my diet coke and we left. I've never done a food review before, but I had to post about this. It was absolutely horrible. I've never felt so uncomfortable in a restaurant EVER. And, the fact that she was not going to be honest about the MSG, really irked me too. Please don't even bother going to this restaurant. We moved in down the street last year and have always been curious about it since we shop at the Frys next door. We obviously won't be back!
4	Don't mind the crabby waitress! The buffet is CHEAPER alternative than going to Panda Express (maybe even a bit tastier?). I realize Panda Express is not the best example of Chinese food, but if you are looking for an inexpensive, Americanized Chinese food there is no better. I can't speak for the traditional Chinese food menu, but I recommend that you do not come here for GOURMET Chinese food. Also I wish they would clean their fish tank. It was ok until I noticed them taking out a fish and taking it to the kitchen. Then again there is no fish in the buffet ;)
5	Buffet is super cheap.  You have to know what to order to really fall in love with the food.  We started coming here about 5 years ago, we LOVE this place.  My kids are so excited when I come home with take out and my 4 year old knows no other chinese place except hong kong!  We don't speak the language but they remember their customers and we always get a smile!  Sometimes when my husband and I go, the waitress says "hey, where are your boys?"Order the "sesame chicken" and the "mongolian beef" (extra spicy), shrimp fried rice and crab wontons.  Haven't had it better anywhere else!
3	I have a fear of fast Chinese food. Some meals should take longer and not have a drive through. This is a sit down (or take out) restaurant that is good for your basic Chinese. The prior review was completely correct. They have two menus. One for the gringo, and the other with a completely different selection in Chinese. Staff is a little rough, but get you served right away. They do take fish from the tank, and I would imagine that entry is on the "hidden" menu. It's the right spot Saturday night after Thanksgiving and you can't take anymore leftovers.
4	At first glance, I was skeptical. I've never had "real" Chinese food in a strip mall that wasn't devoted to Asian clientele. On the other hand, it was my picky Chinese family that had decided on this place. Once I stepped in the door, I realized that this restaurant seemed real enough. It even had the Chinese kid in the corner, probably the child of the restaurant owners forced to stay there because his parents were working and Chinese people don't hire babysitters (been there, done that).They handed us the menu (Chinese apparently), and we proceeded to order. I was pleasantly surprised by the free. It was the dried bok choy kind that I don't know how to efficiently translate to English. Not that I'm a particular fan (I dislike Chinese soups), but the way it tasted exactly like the kind my mom makes at home definitely caught my attention. The meal was delicious and I definitely ate waaaay too much. Overall, very good and I hope that I get to come again.
1	Still quite poor both in service and food. maybe I made a mistake and ordered Sichuan Gong Bao ji ding for what seemed like people from canton district. Unfortunately to get the good service U have to speak Mandarin/Cantonese. I do speak a smattering but try not to use it as I never feel confident about the intonation. The dish came out with zichini and bell peppers (what!??)  Where is the peanuts the dried fried red peppers and the large pieces of scallion. On pointing this out all I got was " Oh you like peanuts.. ok I will put some on" and she then proceeded to get some peanuts and sprinkle it on the chicken.Well at that point I was happy that atleast the chicken pieces were present else she would probably end up sprinkling raw chicken pieces on it like the raw peanuts she dumped on top of the food. Well then  I spoke a few chinese words and the scowl turned into a smile and she then became a bit more friendlier. Unfortunately I do not condone this type of behavior. It is all in poor taste...
5	Was referred here by the owner's of 1st Class Reflexology for a late lunch. I ordered the salt and pepper squid, pea shoots stir fried in garlic, and the HK style beef and gai lan chow mein. Everything was excellent and piping hot! The owner, Choi and her son were very pleasant and friendly and I will definitely be back!  They do not have any live seafood, but they told me that if I call ahead, they can make fresh lobster and crab for me. I would highly recommend this place for some good Cantonese cooking! It is not fancy, but the food quality was very good and the prices reasonable. I wish I lived closer as this would be somewhere where I would definitely order take out all the time!
5	I ate dinner here with some Chinese friends.  It definitely helped that they spoke the language.  The food was terrific - we shared, beef w/fungus, fish in a delicious ginger sauce, BBQ pork, duck and the soup of the day.    It was a Saturday night, and the place was packed, but we received excellent service.  My friend simply put her arm up in the air, and a server appeared right away.    They gave us an opportunity to cancel our duck order, as it would take about 30 minutes to prepapre.  It was well worth the wait.  It will be interesting to go back, without my Chinese friends, and see if I can get good service myself.
4	Nice little family place. Some of the dishes I had didn't taste quite right. Overall, pretty authentic though.
4	Good authentic hk style food!   Service is questionable but the flavors are great!   Try the fried noodles, beef and fungus, and fried taro duck if you get the chance :)
2	Food was very, very salty.
3	Chinese buffets have a low ceiling... am I right?  Hong Kong Asian Diner understands and (dare I say) embraces this concept.  Rather than overwhelming you with sub-standard desserts and rice-filled sushi, HKAD delivers a small buffet of about 8 solid Chinese dishes for a very low price ($5.75).  They also have a "salad bar" that is so unbelievably terrible that I assume the chef is trying to be ironic.  [It's lettuce, jell-o cubes, canned fruit, and 2 salad dressings, and it's probably refreshed weekly.]The egg drop soup was tasty although over-peppered.  I had two favorite dishes on the buffet:  asian green beans (perfectly cooked with some crunch left in them), and Kung Pao shrimp (which goes quickly after it's refilled.  Stay alert.)  The Mongolian beef and beef & broccoli were tender, although the broccoli was overcooked as usual at buffets.  The two type of sweet, deep-fried chicken bites were both enjoyable.  I preferred the lighter, sweeter sesame chicken.  [BTW: nothing was labeled, so I'm winging it with the names if you haven't noticed.]Other than that, there were some disappointing noodles and the classic staples of fried rice & egg rolls that I couldn't eat due to their porkiness.Although this doesn't read like a rave review, this place is a steal for $5.75.  It's way better than a comparably-priced trip to Panda Express.  I'll take it over those large buffets that are twice as expensive and four times as large.  The food is fresher and I don't have to wonder questions like, "Why does this huge Chinese buffet also have pizza and french fries?"
2	Price is great, but selection is really poor.  And during lunch they did not replenish the buffet very well.  They were nursing some of the older dry dishes rather than keeping it nice and fresh.  I wouldn't go back.  Rather spend $2 more and get 4 times the choices.  I'm guessing their regular menu is good though ... Food tasted fine.
5	= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =After having taken over two years to get back around to this mid-sized restaurant which offers a weekday Lunch Buffet from 11:30 to 2, Mike C. & I finally dropped back in today.  It's a somewhat stylish place in a Fry's Food shopping center, & offers a comfortable atmosphere with both booths and tables available.  The serving selection is still dinky for a Chinese Buffet, only 20 main items, but just wait 'til you taste how good the food is here!I started with a bowl of their absolutely tops Hot & Sour Soup, which came with pork morsels in it & REAL Chinese soup spoons to eat it with!  After that, it was on to just one more great dish after another.  Rather than try to impress with a zillion different offerings, they just serve up these few, & make every one of them really right!  By the time it was over, I was just as full as leaving a Buffet with 150 selections, & saying that yes, factoring for the tiny price of $5.75 this wonderful place really is "AS GOOD AS IT GETS"!     :-))PS:  The name of this restaurant is "Hong Kong", in case Yelp hasn't corrected the header by the time you read this.
5	= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =After having taken over two years to get back around to this mid-sized restaurant which offers a weekday Lunch Buffet from 11:30 to 2, Mike C. & I finally dropped back in today.  It's a somewhat stylish place in a Fry's Food shopping center, & offers a comfortable atmosphere with both booths and tables available.  The serving selection is still dinky for a Chinese Buffet, only 20 main items, but just wait 'til you taste how good the food is here!I started with a bowl of their absolutely tops Hot & Sour Soup, which came with pork morsels in it & REAL Chinese soup spoons to eat it with!  After that, it was on to just one more great dish after another.  Rather than try to impress with a zillion different offerings, they just serve up these few, & make every one of them really right!  By the time it was over, I was just as full as leaving a Buffet with 150 selections, & saying that yes, factoring for the tiny price of $5.75 this wonderful place really is "AS GOOD AS IT GETS"!     :-))
5	Yummmmmm, I love this place, I will have to say though if you are looking for a typical Americanized Chinese restaurant this is not the place for you. While they do have an "American menu" they also have a huge traditional Chinese menu (you might need to ask for it) We are regulars here and while one of my favorite dishes here is their spicy mongolian beef, my fiance John and I also love the fish with black bean sauce, salted fish fried rice, tangerine beef, wonton soup, chicken corn chowder and their peking duck as well. They also have a lunch buffet during the week for $5.75 however we have never tried that as we know what we like to order when we stop in. Overall I LOVE LOVE LOVE this place when we craving good Chinese food!
4	Oh, before you read...I didn't come for the buffet. Why on EARTH would you want to eat food that's been sitting under heat lamps all day? The integrity of the food is going to be compromised.  Stop expecting perfection at a buffet folks; ain't gonna happen. Back to the review:  Hong Kong Asian Diner is a little unassuming place serves nice homey Chinese Cuisine. I usually think it's a good sign when I am the only white person in an "ethnic" food restaurant...and both times I have eaten here, that's been the case.They have 2 menus (like a lot of good Chinese spots do) one for traditional eaters...and one for "Everyone else".  I asked if I could take a look at both and was questioned "Ohh, you LIKE Chinese Food?" Well, yeah! That's why I'm here.Anyway, the ladies here are super sweet, funny and attentive. Their food is also really lovely.  I had the Buddha's feast (from the traditional menu) and the Orange Chicken (yup...the everyone else menu) and I loved both! The vegetables were crisp, tasty and weren't overwhelmed by the light sauce...and the Orange Chicken...drooling...sooo good! They slice it into these strips and flash fry it. NO heavy breading, and the sauce was super sticky, sweet, and tangy.Washed it all down with an effervescent and cheap (nice, right?) Tsing Tao while being chatted up a few times, since I was dining alone.I really liked these ladies, and I tell ya --- Customer Service really does go along way.
1	There is nothing truer than you get what you pay for. The $6.25 lunch rate sounds pretty awesome however the food doesn't even match $1.00.All the dishes are super greasy, salty, etc. Just to put this on the right perspective, Panda Express and Pei Wey menu have much better quality and the dish itself has a better look. The place is not as clean as it should be. Just to begin with, the guy who collects the dishes carries a garbage cart throughout the entire room and dispose the leftovers in a bucket right in front of you. It is pretty much like you were eating in the dishwashing kitchen area. If you really like Chinese food, avoid this place because they have no idea what food from the mainland is.
1	Walked in, took one look at the "so called buffet", sat down in a seat torn, sticky tabled booth, looked at each other and got up and walked out.....enough said
4	Tried this place today,  really good food. Reminds me of my family dinners out growing up. Best Chinese I've had in az in long time. . Will be back,  owners were telling me to try the duck. . Next time!  Oh, and dont go for the buffet, and do order from the "other", menu!
5	I am reviewing the dinner not the lunch. As a Hong Kong Chinese, I believe that they probably have the best Hong Kong style Chinese food in the East Valley. All this "moo goo guy pan" stuff isn't real Chinese food so if you expect that, then go to Panda Express but if you know what to order then I think you will enjoy. Yes, there ambiance/customer service sucks but if you went to HK then I think you would be holed in your hotel ordering in because they do the same thing. A better judgment call is to look at all the Asians in there, if you see that then that's probably a better indication; we don't care about anything other than the food. A stronger indication why most Asians don't go to PF Changs etc unless you have a gift card/coupon. One word of caution, know your Chinese holidays!! If you go during the Mid Autumn festival or Chinese New Year, you will wait for like an hour just to be seated, so arrive early same applies for take-out as well.
4	Took my family here for dinner and was pleasantly surprised. The food is good and the price was very reasonable. Is this the best Chinese food in town? No. But, it reminded me of my first encounter with Chinese food as a kid. Sizzling rice soup. Mongolian beef. Sesame chicken. All were very good. Simple, inexpensive and enjoyable.I will try the "Hong Kong Menu" next time as it looked very interesting.
1	How does this place stay open? I haven't eaten here for around 8 or so years but when I pass by I have flashbacks of our visit. We sat by the fish tank that had 2 1/2 fish swimming around...I say 1/2 because one of the fish was trying to stay up right and alive! We were so engrossed by the dying fish (not a goldfish) that they finally came over and threw a table cloth over the tank. The food sucked! I was always told,"you know it's good Chinese food if there are a lot of Asians eating in the place." Not true...not true at all!
5	For dinner, it's probably the best Chinese food in the Valley.  The ambience is mediocre but the food is can be spectacular.  Some of the hot pot dishes, i.e. the pork belly, eggplant with fish, have a spectacular blend of flavors that is hard to replicate.  A lot of foreign born Chinese people come here and if you know what you want to order, ask the chef if he'll make it.  The suggested family dinners are a good start and I suggest adding or substituting what you like from there.  Modest prices for good food.
4	Great Food, order off the menu (ask your server for advice).  Apparently they have two different menus, 1 for Americanized Chinese & 1 for authentic Chinese.  I was not advised of the second menu when I went, but my waitress helped me out none the less and I had a very good meal (we did however order the Americanized orange peal chicken and loved it.  lightly breaded and fried no to oily though)
5	Pretty close to authentic Chinese cantonese style food. My dad, born and raised in Hong Kong likes this place quite a bit. Salt and Pepper pork chops and Honey Walnut Shrimp are a must try.
4	Great food.I just can't believe that as long as we've lived in the area we only recently began dining here.  It's in a strip mall and I've known long enough that many of the really good restaurants really do occupy spots in strip malls.  So why did it take us so long?Well I can tell you the reason we did finally come here is because the sushi place across the road had no vacant tables and I wasn't going to stand where there was no lobby or seating and wait for a table.  So Yelp and my fellow Yelpers to the rescue.This was the closest restaurant open and we're typically game for trying something new.  And here we are today.Happy customers and we keep coming back to enjoy original favorites and trying new things too.  They haven't disappointed us yet.Polite staff, good service (sorry but I don't like a server to gravitate over me before I have a chance to taste my food, nor do I need them checking on me with every bite -they don't ignore or avoid your table and they're not outside smoking or gabbing at a bus stations), great selection, delicious options, FAST to go -you don't need to call in if you're not opposed to waiting like five to ten minutes.  The cook is fast.  The rice is always moist and sticky.  We've done the lunch buffet and personally, I don't like buffet, but this was good.  It was later in the afternoon and she was ready to break it down but allowed us to decide if we wanted to order of the menu or eat from the buffet.  It was alright, even with it being later in the afternoon.  The Sesame Chicken was my favorite.  I had never had it before and when we ate here next it was one of the entrees we ordered.  The vegetables in each dish have been fresh and colorful.  The meats varied quite a bit based on the dish.  This place inspires me even more to try different (unusual to me) things on the menu so I always ask for both menus.I was considering the chicken and salted fish option but went with Beef Bok Sum -simple dish.  Maybe next time I'll try the fresh fish.
1	Had high expectations base on y'all's rating!! Horrible place, won't be come back. First things first, if you have customers please don't change your fish tank while we're eating, fish was flapping around. Wasn't a pleasant seen or vibe! Than there's the buffet bar, small and there was no food!!! Just scraps! Paid 8bucks for buffet.. No music, complete silences! Food was too seasoned, sweet and sour chicken was like eating a donut! Horrible place don't eat here..
2	What a sad little buffet.  Checked it out around 1pm on a Monday and there wasn't much left.  No eggrolls and most of the dishes were almost gone or had been there a long time.  I was the only one in the restaurant besides an attentive waitress who refilled my water a few times, and a young male employee who had his head down at a table - I think I was interrupting his sleep.  You might have better luck ordering off the menu, but steer clear of the buffet.  Note to Nicole G: It IS possible to have fresh buffet food that's edible.  Nobody is expecting perfection.
