2	I have been without hot water approximately 6 times. The last time, It was 2 days without communication from management since the day they said it would be off only one day, it went on 4 days.  Bed bugs 3 apartments down that supposedly were in the ducts from the apartment above. Broken pipes, music from cars that rattle windows late night, 3 episodes of cops coming for domestic violence, snuck a $25 increase after 6 months (my fault for not being thorough in lease, but shady) and never had a phone call returned when leaving a message. Thank god it's cheap to live here because it's exactly that! I've been here since 10/1/13. A resident just moved out (already planned) in August.  She and her husband were car jacked at the Thomas entrance. A women was blocking the gate with her car. The husband got out of the car to ask her to move. She got out of her car to assault him and her male friend jumped over the wall to help in the assault. The wife got out to help her husband and they let it go and they stole their car. When they left for Minnesota a few days later, the car wasn't found. The gate has been broken for close to a month now, so it isn't really a gated community. The place is full of potholes and needs to be resurfaced. This place has more smokers than non smokers. I can't enjoy my patio. I smell a fair amount of marihuana on a regular basis, at least that smells better than cigarette smoke.  Everyone that was here before me, is gone. To my right, left and above. The apartments once inside are nicely updated, priced fairly and few problems. Water pressure isn't great, but I could have replaced the shower head which likely would have helped.  The grounds are decent, like any dog community we have lazy tenants that don't pick up their crap. The garbage dumpsters are often over flowing. If the maintenance guy isn't on site, it won't get cleaned up. You would think the leasing office would want to clean it up themselves, nope. Anyway, it's a decent location and priced accordingly. If you smoke, you'll love it. If you don't and you are an indoor person year round, this place is better than most anywhere west to 44th street.
1	Wow...Its been over a week since we have had hot water here. Every time they "fix" the water heater it breaks immediately after. And this is the second time it has happened too, we've been here 3 weeks and have only had hot water less than half of the time. Plus, cockroaches in the kitchen on day 1! I was so disappointed with this place, it looked great during the tour, but since we have moved in, its been nothing but loud partying next door, police called to our neighbors across the way and a staff that never picks up the phone, not to mention dog crap EVERYWHERE!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Plus Our oven nearly caught on fire the first time we just turned it on, and the dryer was broken when we moved in.  If your looking to move here, don't be fooled by the fancy new aesthetics of the interior, its still a crap hole underneath it all.
4	I've only lived here for a few months, but my experience so far has been good. It's affordable, in a great location, and has been up to my expectations so far. I live in a 2 bedroom townhouse and it's very roomy.
1	I went to go look at the place and had a  scheduled appointment see the property, but they left a sign saying they were going to return way after the time scheduled. I figure if they could mess up that bad before even getting a lease sign they must be terrible after they get you to sign for a year. Not only that it felt like it was in a sketchy area as well.
