5	Outstanding Dojo with patient sensai. My son's have been going here for three months now and love it. They are an easy business to work with and are great with kids. Highly recommended
5	Can't say enough great things about this place. My 14 year old son has taken jujitsu here for the last 2 years.  The instructors are amazing and the staff is very professional.
5	I used to train in this dojo as a teenager a couple of years ago. Ray Hughes Sensei has got to be one of the best role models in the Martial Arts community. Both Hughes Sensei and Tyler Sensei are incredible with kids, they keep their attention, make the classes fun, but most importantly they properly teach their students how and when to defend themselves. The programs are not only for children, but for all ages, including adults. In fact there are several intense seminars dedicated to adult training, focusing on developing both the mind and body to properly defend itself. Basic class setup: Starts of with stretching, cardio, basically a quick warmup. Next a quick meditation (the dojo is a stress free environment, meditation is to help calm your mind). Then you go through basic form drills (to ensure you have correct footing, hand placement, and momentum). Towards the end, there might be sparing drills (safety first, all students are required to wear padding for arms, legs, and a mouth guard). Class is finished off with another meditation to unwind the body. The main focus of the dojo is teaching Wado, but there are other floors dedicated for Jujitsu and other Martial Arts Programs. Great, clean facility. Near the Ice Den, so plenty of parking. Located in a safe area. Quality wooden floors in the smaller rooms, and padding on the main floor to ensure maximum safety. Clean, cold water fountain. Air conditioned, fans to circulate air. Well lit. Spacious locker rooms, clean bathrooms. Well stocked inventory with padding and gis (uniforms) for all sizes. No contracts, just a monthly payment, if you dedicate yourself to the classes and really want to learn, then it is well worth the money!
5	SMAC was a wonderful dojo for our family. My son was there through his purple belt, my daughter through blue. We spent many, many hours there and I cannot sing their praises enough. I appreciate all of the teachers especially Sensei Tyler and Sensei Ray. They are patient yet firm. Their traditional dojo is the real deal.After years of practicing there, when my son decided to leave the dojo to try something else he went to Sensei Ray to talk to him about it, Ray was gracious and encouraging to my 10 year old son. It made all the difference in the world. That is the type of outstanding character Sensei Ray has. My son still remembers what they talked about and knows the door is open for him to come back anytime.
5	I love love love this place and I'm grateful to Yelp reviews for sending me in their direction. It's only fitting that I add to the reviews. My 4 year old daughter attends the Pee Wee Karate two days a week and she loves it. The two teachers, Ray and Tyler are incredibly funny, entertaining, and know how to relate to kids phenomenally. Truly, I enjoy watching the entire class just to see the teachings and interactions between the sensei and students. The price is reasonable for classes, especially if you partake in the twice weekly option. They're flexible about makeups, too.My daughter is learning karate but also gaining confidence in a beautiful way. It's hard to describe but her experience is so much more than just karate. She's learning to speak in front of a group, getting exercise, having manners instilled more, and having fun at the same time. From what I gather talking with other parents, there are a lot of satisfied families who have been customers for many many years. I look forward to doing the same. Oh... and they had a Halloween party (2014) and I was blown away at the event they put on. It just goes to show how much they truly love these kids. It had so much (tons of food, light show, music, contests, awesome prizes, laser tag in the parking lot, and more).
