2	Wow...what a total let down! I typically get pretty good service at Autobell, but not this time. I did notice, though, that the two BMW's and the one Mercedes in front of me got exceptional service. I left with spots on the outside of my vehicle and smeared windows. This Autobell also has an enhanced menu of services - if you want a basic wash and vacuum, be prepared to pay around $15 w/o tire dressing. I guess when you're the only game in town you can get away with shoddy service and high prices. I'll skip this new location and drive the extra few miles to the Autobell close to Uptown - they tend to be a little more careful and could care less whether I drive a Hummer or a Kia!
1	Okay...I thought I would give these guys another try. I brought my car in basically to get the windows cleaned. Well I knew as soon as I pulled out that I'd have to go home and redo the windows. Not only were they majorly streaked, but there was (again) water spots all over my vehicle. Fifteen bucks + tip is a lot of money to spend especially when you have to redo the work when you get home. Seriously the last time I'll use this Autobell. Not only do they do sub-par work, it's really tough to get in and out of this place espeically if you try to enter on the Tyvola side. Do yourselves a favor - skip this one and try another.
2	I feel bad giving them a bad review as they have a policy that if you aren't happy you can come back and they will fix it for free. The truth is, who has the time to do things twice. When your paying more than $30 for a car wash you expect it to be done correctly. Of Course you never notice the small issues until you drive away.I did the managers special that day. I pay almost $5 more to get rain resistant spray on my front wind shield. If you have ever used Rainx the stuff they use isn't even close to the same and is not worth the money.I also paid extra to have the inside of my car Armoral-ed. The driver side and front of the car was pretty good. The back of the car however, you could completely see the areas that were missed since the Armoral left everything shiny and clean. It was distracting once I noticed and couldn't stop looking at it in the rear view mirror. Another thing I noticed and that they didn't even bother to vacuum out my trunk even though it was completely empty.Ive been to several Autobells. This one is by far the nicest looking but the staff needs to be held to higher standards.
1	Yesterday was a beautiful day, so I sat outside.  My car looked great coming out of the wash, and the employee parked it right in front of me so I had a great view watching it being dried and wiped down.  The employee, who I'm sure was a child, didn't know how to start my car to move it for another vehicle to get by, but I laughed it off.  He also found tape on my car, which I took off because he was worried about messing up my paint... not sure where that came from.  I tipped him and drove off, expecting everything to be fine as it usually is when I go to Autobell.The trash I left in the floorboard in a bag for them to throw away had been dumped out into my front seat.  I didn't notice this at first because I always throw my bag onto the front seat when I get into my car.There were water spots everywhere on my windows.  There was bird poop still on my drivers side window, and this morning I noticed my backseat floormats had been thrown in and not placed properly in.  I did not have time to return to complain, but I certainly will not be returning to this Autobell.
1	This place is great if you want parts removed from your car! My front decorative license plate has been torn off now, twice! I thought the first time was just a fluke. Not! Avoid thus place at all cost! Go to a hand wash place like Gregs that cost less and does a far better job!
4	Never had a problem, in fact, this is my favorite location.  Workers are friendly and make my car look great!
