5	My new sub place. It just opened.  I wish they delivered. The bread is insanely good. The #3 Corned Beef and Pastrami with Provolone -New York Steamer is nuts good. Even the Italian, which is not usually my first choice is texturally perfect and full of complimentary flavors that hit you in succession. So good. And they have a Pininfarina designed Coca Cola machine. Quite literally, the Ferrari of Soda machines. Also got a meatball sub out of sheer curiosity. The BEST Meatball sub Ive had in my life.
4	I love sandwiches! I will pick them over almost any type of meal. This Firehouse subs is good. The staff was friendly and the sub was pretty good. It wasn't jam packed full of corned beef like you would get at a Jewish deli, but it was decent corned beef. They have the freestyle Coke machine and fresh brewed iced tea. I sampled a Cherry Vanilla Dr. Pepper and an Iced Tea. There is something so delicious about fountain Dr. Pepper! All in all pretty OK. It was 8.74 for a combo and I was satisfied when I left. They bring your sub to your table which is a nice perk.I am a wuss so I didn't try the hot sauce collection but many were enjoying it!
5	This place is delicious! Their smokehouse brisket is so tender and yummy. If you havent tried this place, GO GO GO! :)
4	This place is ALWAYS good! It's a chain sub place but nothing at all like your average subway.  The staff I have to say is always super nice and friendly and that is always a plus in my book :)! They have a large selection of different subs on their menu but I tend to stick the the same thing the firehouse hero with 3 different meats and extra crack sauce which is their signature bbq sauce at the counter.  The whole sandwich is super fresh (from the bread, veggies, and meat) and doesn't have that "processed" taste like some other places that look like the ingrediants have been sitting out all day long. Who wants that?! and to add to it all, the awesome coke machine - gazillion combos of soda any way you want it. Sometimes the machine is on the fritz though and it's sometimes too sugary (like syrupy) but it's nice to have a fancy smancy machine.  The sub is always soo good you want to order a large order cause a regular seems too small. All the other selections look good as well and comes with a sliced pickle.  This chain is worth the visit!!
5	Try the 120 soda choice machine
5	My favorite sub place! The staff is friendly. The sandwiches are delicious. The soda machine has endless combinations. It's nice to order your food and have it brought to your table. Definitely bringing everyone here!
5	I gave Capriotti's a 4 so I gotta give Firehouse a Five!I had a big 12 inch Italian sub and what can I say but how you can taste the freshness!  Getting the 12" for the extra $2 also gives you much more meat and leftovers!The staff here was super friendly asking if it was my first time and explaining the menu, bringing the food to my table and picking up when I was done.  Another bonus is the Coca Cola Freestyle machine which has over 100 varieties of soft drink.I'll be back to try something different, I've heard the meatball sub makes Subway taste like fast food!
5	This is a great place to get a sandwich! The staff is very friendly and helpful. They always bring your order straight to your table. The cashier was knowledgable and explained the menu to me, and also the soda machine. It has 120 different combinations. The food was delicious. I ordered the beef brisket and cheddar, and it was the best sub sandwich I've had in a long time. Juicy, tender, the perfect amount of meat and cheese. Yummy! The shop has on the counter an entire array of hot sauces, rated on a scale of 1 - 10. I think that's neat. The restaurant was clean, bright and very open. All in all, a great lunch experience, and I'll definitely come back!
5	Getting my firehouse Hero fix ... With special sauce ... And you can buy sauce to take home I am a fan and the staff is efficient !!! i'm for sure a regular here ... Dukedom here I come :)
5	This Philly Cheesesteak is so damn good I didn't even finish it before rushing to the computer to type up a quick review.  I was extremely impressed by their collection of hot sauces, all rated 1-10 based on intensity.  Glad I finally stopped in to try the place after driving past it so many times...
5	As far as subs go, my family loves Firehouse!  My husband and I are able to share the 12 inch sandwich - which saves us some money.  The meat served at Firehouse is excellent - some of the best in town.  The sandwich comes with a lot of meat and less veggies - unlike other places in town who skimp on the meat by overloading the sandwich with veggies.We love the Italian sub!  My husband - who LOVES HIM SOME SUBS - says the Ham at Firehouse is cooked in a special way and has a perfect sweetness to it for ham.  We also love the Kids Specials here.  Our little one gets a turkey sandwich and a Fire Hat - what else can you ask for!  As far as Kids Menu's goes, this is one of the best in town for a quickie eatery.  The restaurant is new and very clean and the staff are very polite and helpful.  We also love Capriotti's - but when the little kiddo is in tow - we pick Firehouse for their family friendly restaurant setting and excellent kids menu.
5	I finally got around to checking this place out today.  I'd heard alot of talk about it, but it's kind of out of my way.  With lots of other sub options more convenient to me, I'd been telling myself, "It's a sub sandwich... HOW much better could it really be??"  To my surprise, the answer is ALOT better!!  Upon entering, the dining area is extremely spacious and clean.  The staff greeted me promptly, asked if it was my first time visiting, and gave me a quick rundown of the menu and options.  When he mentioned all subs come toasted by default, I wasn't too impressed... with images of a toasted Subway sandwich flashing to mind... I could take it or leave it, but, in Subway's case, generally leave it.  Anyways, since is was Firehouse's default, I left it as toasted... and I'm so glad I did!  I don't know what they do differently here, but it wasn't the same sad attempt at toasting I was accustomed to - it was done to perfection.  I ordered the #4 Italian, and it came loaded with extremely flavorful meats.  I ordered the default toppings, which is referred to as "Fully Involved" - it was the perfect mix of veggies to add texture and flavor, but not drown out the flavors of the meats.  As for their default dressing that comes with it, it's superb and has a little kick with hints of horseradish or wasabi.  I will definitely go a little out of my way to come here next time I'm craving a sub sandwich!
5	Popped in at 8:54 P.M. 6/13, six minutes before close. I asked if I could get a quick one to go, the staff responded "sure, come on in". I've worked in restaurants and I know that at the end of the day as an employee, you are hoping nobody comes in so you can get out. The employees here were great. I didn't feel like an inconvenience at all. They cheerfully made my order smiling the entire time. The sub as usual was awesome. This is far and away my favorite submarine shop. Great staff and great food. If you haven't tried one yet, do yourself a favor.
4	I came here during a busy weekday where the whole place was literally packed and full. Since the place was completely packed during lunch, I got my order to go which didn't take too long to get my sandwich. I got the cheese steak sandwich which was absolutely amazing.  I can't remember when was the last time I had a decent steak sandwich. The whole firefighter theme was pretty cool and the fact that they have all these hot sauce labeled with a number indicating how spicy it is.
5	this place destroys Capriottis! the new york steamer is my favorite, and all their hot sauces are amazing
5	Yum!!! Yum!!! Yum!!! We're hooked on the Hook & Ladder! Did I say Yum?!
4	Pretty tasty sandwiches and much better then Subway. Great service, super polite employees. I knocked off a star because I thought it was a tad pricey
5	Great tasting sandwiches. The staff is wonderful. We love Sam and Diane - they make your visit very enjoyable. The store was busy at the time of our visit, but the sandwichs were fresh and tasty and were prepared in a very timely manner and of course with a friendly staff member delivering them to the table. Staff was also very attentive to cleaning up vacant tables and getting them ready for the next party.  Love the soft drink machine, great variety. Location was great. The physical suite is great with all the windows and very good parking. We will definitely be back to enjoy the experience again.
4	For a "franchise chain", Firehouse Subs makes an amazing sandwich.  A bit pricey, but very good.  Also, love, love, love the coke machines with 120 flavors!
3	Tried it for the first time. Flavor was good. But the price was too expensive for what we got.  They charge $2.00 more for a foot long with double the meat. There was barely anything on it!   If these are franchises, this one better keep their quality control up.
5	Food is always fresh and awesome.  The staff is always super nice and inviting.  Get the sweat and spicy meatball sub and thank me later.I've been a faithful customer since the day they first opened.
5	Good bye Subway!! This place is awesome!! Very friendly staff, fresh bread, tasty sub!!! Two thumbs up I will be back!! If you have not had it make sure u stop in!!! Daniel welcomed me at the door and Justin even picked up my tray when I was done so I didn't have to take it to the trash.
5	This is MY FAVE place ever!!!Food is always great, hot, fresh and fast!Loves it!
5	The Turkey bacon ranch is heavenly! This is my first tube here, and I love it! Will definitely be back!
4	The New York sub was delicious!!!! And I loved that a pickle came with it.... The staff was very friendly and explained the menu since it was our first time there
4	Great place to eat if you like a warm sandwich for a change.  The environment is naturally lit up with sunlight, employees well cater to everyone. I love the arrangement of the condiments is up front, and to the right hand corner is the soda fountain, lots of seating in the establishments and it is a decent place to relax and have a meal during lunch time.
4	Great greeting with great food.This location is usually extremely busy during lunchtime. I love the modern coke machine.
4	Delicious subs definitely growing fast. Expanded their menu now including sandwiches as well served on whole wheat buns which is definetly a plus for maintaining good health. Very pleasant employees at every location ive been to. Place is quiet and homey. Not many choices for vegans though. Nice and simple & quick service is always a pleasure. We watched a bowling tournament on tv while we were eating which we enjoyed rather then watching something usual that's on every other tv in a business you walk into. Walking distance from our place in a convenient location. Also loved that the bathroom has a motion soap and papertowel which really helps control spreading germs. Definitely not the first or the last time. Ill always support firemen, my dad hopes I carry on the family legacy and become 4th generation!
5	New favorite sandwich shop. Friendly staff, and they've never gotten my order wrong. Also love the Coca-Cola Freestyle beverage dispenser, with more than 120 drink choices. By far the most sugar free beverage choices I've seen.
5	Great food and great service, my kids won't bother with a sandwich anywhere else now! The kids love the new soda machine with a bunch of flavor options. My kids love the meatball sub and I had a great turkey subthing or other... it was great, I need to go back to remember what sandwhich it was :)
4	Very friendly, pretty quick making our order, and the sandwiches were delicious to boot! Definitely recommend this location after our lunch experience today.
4	Way better than subway or port of subs in my opinion but that's probably because I hate ordering cold sandwiches since I could easily make it at home. Having a hot sandwich makes me feel a little better/less lazy lol. The ingredients taste fresher and I like that they now offer salads and smaller subs for under 500 calories. This location is really clean and it's nice of the workers to offer to take your basket when you're done. I also like their soda machine because it has soo many options and I also like that they offer a large range of hot sauces! My favorites are their smokehouse beef & cheddar brisket and their club on a sub. They offer catering and you can also order online :)
1	The Firemen need to put out a few fires of their own! Today everything was very disappointing. I ordered the Firehouse Steak & Cheese...with mayo and mustard on the side, not a hot mayo fan and I like dipping my mustard. The sandwich - meat, cheese, and veggies were completely tasteless. No unique flavor at all. The meat was full of grisle and nodules, very low quality meat you can tell. And honestly the photo on the wall showed a sandwich loaded with meat and cheese...not the case.After a couple of bites, I went up to get some type of sauces to give the sandwich flavor. Decided against it...as the sauce bottles were all horribly dirty...crusted gummy old sauce stuck on the outside, inside and lid/knecks of more than 75% of the bottles. That's just really lazy standards as far as I'm concerned. Good luck Firehouse, probably won't be back!
5	Actually good subs...$8.50 sub, chips, and soda...Not Bad..They could use a beacon lamp in there, as well as a brass pole (not stripper like) Me and my helper ate there and thought it was decent! Very clean, as well as a good staff...
5	This place is amazing. Tried the kings Hawaiian and it was delicious! Everything here is great but the best part is the service and quality that you get. The guys at this location always greet you with a smile and have excellent customer service!
5	Got a free coupon for free sub so we are trying it out.  I must say it's really good.  I'm having an Italian with no cheese and Big Mike is having the Steak and cheese.  I'm surprised with how yummy they are.  A must try for sure.  They also have salads witch is a plus.
4	I love the decor of this place it is clean. The food was good too. My friend  recommended  it to me and she was right. The side dishes was Yummy too. I was waiting for the good looking firemen to come and start cooking but hey the food was was great so I cannot  ask for more. Lol.
1	Firehouse subs is supposedly another high quality all fresh sub shop among the others that have Come on to seen in recent years along side jersey mikes and jimmy johns. Question is what they serve is it fresh and is any good.Well I opted for a meatball and provolone with a sweet and spicy sauce . Sad to say this sub was less than pleasing . Let's 1st start off with the meat itself tasted like it came out of a bag not homemade at least from what I tasted . no flavor in the meat just plain bland. Second the sauce was from a can obviously and didn't have any flavor or punch to it. Have no clue what they are talking about spicy . There was no spice to this sauce whatsoever. And finally the provolone cheese . What little there was I couldn't even taste it. Talk about being cheap it , the cheese disintegrate as it covers the meatballs .You can see for yourself on the picture I posted. Sorry firehouse but maybe your the founders which are fireman should stick to putting out fires and leave the sandwich making to the other guys .
2	I was on this side of town and decided to drop in to this location.  I love firehouse subs and go to many locations on the other side of the valley. It was lunch time and they were not too busy when I walked in. I ordered and they always ask your name so they can deliver it to you. I told her my name, I spelled it and she repeated it. As I sat there waiting for my sandwich, I saw many others who ordered after me getting their food. I asked the lady running the food to check on it. She said oh I think yours is on the counter. Not sure how long it had been sitting there but a hot sub sitting on the counter for any length of time is not a good idea. She brought it over and matched the order number with my receipt. I asked her what name they were calling. She said Joe? Like it was a question to me. I said my name is not Joe and why they would ask for my name if they were just going to make one up? She said to me very rudely...well you're Joe now. I said no I'm not and I don't appreciate you making fun of the situation. She walked off never to be seen again. Sub on the other was not as good as other locations.  Bread was not soft, turkey seemed dry and overall presence was lacking again compared to other locations.  I think they need to work on cusotmer service here. And if you're going to ask for customer's names....then use them. I watched other people seem confused when calling names as well.
4	I really like this place, no matter the location the food and service is always consistent. Their meatball sub is amazing! full of flavor and the meatball to sub ratio is on point. The steak and cheese sandwich is okay, i don't like they use canned mushrooms but that is my only complaint with that sandwich. I have also tried their club and i was skeptical at first because it's not the traditional way a club sandwich comes but I was happily surprised at how good it was. They have a variety of sauces on the counter for you to put on your sandwiches which is nice and the cherry lime aid and fresh limes to add is a nice touch. They always give you service with a smile and even bring your sandwich to you when its ready! I would recomend if you have not been here to give them a try you will not be dissappointed.
5	Friendly service...Fast Service...Sandwich was awesome. They have a select number of sandwiches that are under 500 calories. I've only tried one (Turkey Salsa Verde) and it was awesome. Can't wait to try the others.
