5	Lunch today was, as usual, great!! The Cobbler was great and the lemon tea ice cream was wonderful. This is one of the best eats in Pittsburgh and the old cars are a bonus
2	This was our first experience at The Cafe and I won't be clamoring to go back. We started with sangria - a mix of red and white with delicious fruits. It was great.The food was well-meaning and decent. There were nice blends on ingredients and it tries to be very refined and sophisticated - befitting its location. I had the afternoon tea and my friend had the soup and sandwich, which was much better than my tea. She had the peach chicken sandwich and mushroom soup - both good. My taste of her meal had me give two stars instead of one. What was wrong with my tea? There were only very basic teas to choose from, several black, one fruit, a couple decaf and a token green tea. Nothing inventive or really different. I was surprised given the complexity and flavor of the other dishes. My finger sandwiches were stale and the deserts were all dry and non-edible. Thank goodness for the delicious caramel sauce and scones or it would have been a total disappointment. What was really awful was the service. We sat there for 15 minutes before our waitress showed up to take our order. Then we waited another 40 minutes for our food. At one point I was actually contemplating taking the bread basket the table next to us left untouched. We were famished.I think next time I'll eat before I go to The Frick.
2	i think i would've given this 3 stars as the food was perfectly good (though not spectacular), but it's 2 stars since the service left a lot to be desired.  the ambience is great -- i mean, you're in the middle of the gardens on the grounds of the Frick -- but that is really what you're paying for.  so if you're willing to spend a little more for an average sandwich or a very average tea service, you'll be able to enjoy the gorgeous grounds & take in the art afterwards or before.  however, don't expect attentive or efficient service -- you'll be mostly left alone.
4	An octagonal glass hothouse in the middle of a garden makes a charming setting.  They serve a solid lunch menu -- fresh ingredients, competent execution, and they have a lovely afternoon tea service. Some other reviewers found the service lacking, but I have never had any problem.  The pace may be on the slower side, but that seems befitting of a leisurely afternoon.
5	This place is divine.  The food is divine.  The atmosphere is divine.  I have nothing bad to say about it.I've been for both Afternoon high tea and for Sunday brunch.  The high tea is one of the best I've tried so far.  I'm not usually a scones person, but their scones have actually changed my mind - I usually associated scones with these dense, dry rocks that you could use to kill someone.  But their scones are fluffy and delicious.  So even if you're not a scones person, and hence avoid high tea, try them here.The Sunday brunch was equally delicious.  I won't say too much here, mainly because I don't remember the precise details, but suffice to say that it was incredibly enjoyable.  They charge $18 for a pre fixe meal.  Bring your parents, bring your friends.  If you're a dude, bring your date - she'll be impressed that you even know that high tea exists.
5	Best restaurant food I've had in Pittsburgh. Ingredient sourcing is as transparent as possible, the service was friendly and the food was generally very well thought out and executed in both flavor and texture. Best salad I've had in Pittsburgh. Any restaurant that has figured out that the trick to a worthwhile salad is treating fresh herbs like lettuce gets a bonus in my book. Good call with the tarragon.
4	This is a fantastic little cafe - very nice food in a beautiful setting with great service. I can't give the cafe itself 5 stars (I reserve that for truly outstanding places), but if you want a 5-star experience, make a day of it at Frick Park...(1) Take a tour of the Victorian-style Clayton mansion, with docents who know their stuff,(2) check out the amazing collection of coaches and vintage cars in the carriage house museum,(3) then have a delicious lunch in the cafe, looking out at the park. And if you're ready for more after that...(4) visit the lovely little art museum that exhibits some of the art the Frick's left in Pittsburgh. And finally,(5) take a walk in the woods.Trust me, if you're within travel distance of this place don't waste another day sitting in front of your computer.
5	WOW, is this place a surprise. I was in heaven here! Outdoor dining in Frick Park amongst blooming flowers, lovely people, and with divine food? I'm alright with that!I came here for an afternoon snack upon finishing a walk-through of the new PAN exhibit on show (which is amazing in and of itself) at the Frick Art Center. I wasn't expecting anything but mediocre overpriced food at the cafe, so my "snack" turned out to be a very pleasant surprise. I split an asparagus panini with mushrooms, gruyere, and mustard with my boyfriend. The sandwich turned out to be more than enough, since it came with a side of fresh orzo salad (can't remember what was in it aside from feta, but this was delicious as well). The vegetables were incredibly fresh, which makes sense since I later discovered that all vegetables are actually GROWN ON SITE at the Frick! Brilliant.Only bone to pick with my meal was the fact that I was unaware of the plate fee for splitting a sandwich ($3). I really didn't mind considering how tasty the panini was.If you're already at the Frick for an exhibit or to check out the Historical Center, definitely do yourself a favor and try their cafe! The food isn't too expensive, the service is professional, and most importantly, it's delicious!
4	I was so surprised by this place.  We went after visiting the Frick and I would go back again if I lived in the area.I see some people didn't like the service.  It didn't really bother me, but thinking back they were slow, but not bad.  It has a very laid back feeling to it with a lot of people that just don't seem to be in a hurry.The food was all eclectic and excellent.  I had some soup and sandwich that I would have a hard time not ordering again.  They use a lot of fresh ingredients and put together a curried chicken sandwich with a perfect amount of spice.  The soup was good as well and had a very fresh taste.  The fish tacos surprised me too.  I ordered them and then had seconds thoughts as I live in the Southwest and have had fish tacos in Ensenada. Well whoever put this on the menu knows what they were doing and put a nice twist on the tacos.Desserts were very good too and so were the drinks.  My wife had the sangria that was very good and I was impressed by their selection of local micro brews.
4	This is the perfect place for a surprise impromptu brunch on a Saturday.  I have learned from traveling overseas, that the only awesome menus that count are the ones that use only seasonal fresh ingredients.  When figs are in season (about a month out of the year here), they would be featured on these certain menus.  The frick is an every changing menu, that moves with the seasons.  Not only that,  it makes me feel better about eating there because they explain everything that is in their ingredients.  Vegan?  No problem. (Not that I am, but I can appreciate a restaurant that offers those items without you asking for them).  I enjoy sitting outside on the patio when we can, but the inside is also nice.  It makes me feel like I am back in France when I go here.  Get a Kir Royal to accompany your meal.  It may be a bit pricey to eat here, but it is definatly worth it if you are looking for someplace different.  You can always take in the Frick afterwards, or go for a nice walk in the park.  Very romantic place in general.  Just to give you an idea of the lunch menu I got-  Thai Sweet Potatoe Bisque/  Fig, Fennel and romaine caeser salad with white balsamic vin/ half a lamb sandwich (it was real lamb, tasted like my moms)., and of course Kir Royals.  (I believe they use Cassis Berry in the Kirs, which is proper).  Anyways, I love this place. Not somewhere I would frequent often, because I don't want to lose the magic.  Also!  They are now open for dinner until 9pm on the weekdays.  They are featuring until January a Russian menu!  Along with russian inspired drinks. I can't wait to go.
4	Came here today for brunch.  If you are looking for an small intimate dining experience, this is your place.  We were lucky enough to snag a table since non-members of the Frick can't make reservations ahead of time, so we made a point of getting there when it opened at 11am.There's a fixe price brunch menu, that includes soup, a salad or sandwich and dessert.  I had borscht as a starter.  It was very tasty and had lentils in it which I don't think is in traditional borscht.  Great for a cold day like today.  Then I had the Bruschetta Squash Sandwich.  It was an open face sandwich.  I am still thinking about this sandwich some 6 hours later it was that good.  Toasted Italian bread with roasted garlic and goat cheese.  On top of that was Carmelized onions and spaghetti squash, drizzled with a kalamata vinaigrette.  Super delicious.   After that I had an almond/pear tart with almond ice cream.  Again...delicious!The service was great.  A really great dining experience.  You should go if you get the chance.
4	We visited on a Friday afternoon for lunch. Apparently they have additional seating outside in the summer, in the winter it's restricted to a few tables inside, lovely and intimate. The food was wonderful. Hubbie and I had side salads with strawberry balsamic dressing. It had the bright flavor of strawberry with just a hint of the tang of vinegar and onion. Very good. He had the special sandwich, cod with carmelized onions. A bright taste of lemon was great but it did slightly overpower the fish. Even though, it was still a delightful sandwich.I had the chicken and avocado with bacon. Sounds like a simple enough sandwich but  so many places give you just a tiny bit of avocado or the chicken is dry or flavorless. This sandwich was very good. I only ordered half and was left wishing I had ordered the whole sandwich. I would definitely eat it again!I also tried the broccoli and arugula soup. It was creamy with a very distinct broccoli flavor. Warm and hearty, perfect for a cold day.The only downfall of this place. And MANY places in surrounding shadyside and squirrel hill was the service. I don't know why but servers frequently have an "I'm doing you a favor by waiting on you" attitude with nary a smile in sight. As someone who used to be a server, I know first-hand that a smile and friendly nature can vastly improve the quality of any meal. The servers here would do well to learn this lesson, because the better the experience, the better the tip!
2	The food here was not bad, but not particularly inspired, either. I neglected to make a reservation (if you're not a member of the Frick, you can't make a rese over the phone when you're reserving the tour, but must make one in person upon your arrival. I forgot.) but they had a spot for us outside, and it was shaded, so we were fine with that. We all started with the soup of the day, which was a cold gazpacho with cucumber. It was pretty good at the start, but had too much garlic in it, so that's all I tasted by the time I was halfway through. I had a salad with Bibb lettuce, diced tomatoes, red onion, Spanish almonds and crumbled bleu cheese in a balsamic vinaigrette. It was basically a big pile of diced tomatoes and way too much onion, so it had the look of a salsa on a pile of lettuce. I liked the vinaigrette, but this salad was not well balanced, and the overuse of onion just killed it for me. Restraint with the ingredients is what's called for here. It was also a small salad for the $11 price tag, so not a great value either. My companions had sandwiches and liked them, so I didn't choose well I guess. I liked the surroundings and the service was fine, but our tab for 3 people for lunch was $70...too much.
4	Charming! You could use that word and nothing else to review this place.  Charming location nestled between all the Frick buildings in the beautiful wooded Frick Park.  Charming inside cafe with few tables and homey atmosphere.  Charming sandwich?  Okay, maybe we'll omit charming for that, but I'm charmed to say the least!I came in literally on the tail end of brunch (what I was supposed to be coming for... that's what you get for being late!).  You know what though?  It's okay.  A temporary setback considering my chicken and cranberry salad sandwich was amazing!  It made me forget the delicious bite of french toast I had from my dining mate (seriously, next stop French Toast town!).  On Chiabatta bread, it was the right amount of mayo, cranberries, chicken and walnuts.  Gosh, it was incredible!  Considering the sandwich was so good the pasta salad that came with it didn't hold a candle to it.  Pretty bland and I left half eaten.  I ordered the chocolate mousse for dessert, considering the dessert case looked so inviting!  It fell flat as well.  Do you remember those ice creams that you got in the elementary school cafeteria that came between the cardboard?  It kinda tasted like that.  The only thing that made it was the cherries and sauce that adorned it.  THAT made it!  I wouldn't order it again though.  I'll stick to carton ice cream!Surprised I still gave it 4 stars?  Me too!  But it earned it with the setting, friendly service and dream inducing chicken sandwich!  I cannot wait to come here for high tea!  I can't imagine it's going to let me down, I honestly imagine it'll earn that fifth star!  Onward my friends!
5	Pricey, and you should make a reservation ahead of time to guarantee a table. However, the service was friendly and the food was excellent. When the weather is nice outside, their outdoor patio can't be beat especially since smoking is not allowed (yay!). This is possibly the best outdoor eating experience available in the burgh due to the location away from traffic noise and smoke.
5	I heart this place. Great food and great atmosphere...a fabulous place for lunch.
4	What a nice place for a spot of high tea, especially in the spring or summer.  While the dining area is a bit cramped (around 6 tables) I got a nice view of the conservatory and grounds outside  While I was skeptical that a few sandwiches, scones and petit fours would be worth the $18 price tag, there was actually more than enough food to go around (those buttery, soft, delicious scones are really quite filling!)  The cheese and ale soup (not part of the high tea) was also quite delicious.  The high tea is a worthwhile experience, and can be followed up by a visit to a museum and/or walk in the park for extra class!
4	Seems like the only place for high tea in the burgh. Tea are gooooood! Scone is good, too. Environment is marvelous. They also serve champagne.
4	The Cafe at the Frick is THE quintessential cafe.  As other reviewers have noted, it is a tiny little restaurant on the grounds of the Frick Museum and is surrounded by the gardens.  Comprised of only a few tables, it has all of the charm of walking into the scene of a Jane Austen novel.  You may expect to run into Mr. Darcy himself, but one look at the sleek and updated menu and you will be brought back to present day.The Prix Fixe menu is really a steal, at $22 for soup or salad, an entree, and house made dessert (lower prices if you choose a whole or half sandwich instead of an entree).  While everything was prepared perfectly and full of flavor, the star of the meal was definitely the dessert.  I ordered the oatmeal biscuit (ah-ma-zing) that was topped with fresh cream and whiskey-soaked peaches.  One of the best things about it was that the portions for the first two courses were portions for actual humans and not blown up for some mythical giant like most American restaurants, so I actually had room left to enjoy every bite of this sweet ending to the meal.  Don't get me wrong, the rest of the food was certainly memorable.  I started with the soup of the day, which was a honeydew and basil gazpacho and super refreshing on a hot summer day.  My entree was the hanger steak, which was perfectly cooked and served over a mushroom risotto that was earthy, rich, and delicious.  Everyone at our table of 7 thoroughly enjoyed their experience.After trying the main menu, I can't wait to go back and check out the high tea!  Perhaps for a twist I'll throw on a petticoat and see if I can't convince my very own Mr. Darcy to join me :)
5	First review of the place. I have been there 20+ times. Each and every time, it has been fantastic. The food is fresh. The soups are hot and flavorful and the sandwiches are a powerful explosion of mouth goodness. I had the messes and the seafood chowder on this trip and I must admit that the mussels might have been the most flavorful I have had outside of Brussels. The garlic and smoked tomato sauce were a great compliment to the mussels. This place is the hidden gem in Pittsburgh. Also, outdoor seating in the summer. Great setting, beautiful grounds. A must try!
2	I have been to quite a few high teas over the years and I was very disappointed in the Frick Cafe's version of a high tea. You could only get one flavor of tea or had to pay extra for an additional flavor. All the tea sandwiches were on plain white bread with mayonnaise based salads which were disgusting. For the price, they could have used croissants. I have been to high teas that were not in the most sophisticated of places, unlike the Frick, and they still gave you more gourmet tea sandwiches than the Frick Cafe. Would not recommend this cafe for high tea.
5	"Intimate, inventive, seasonal, reliable, not stuffy"--that's Cafe at the Frick for lunch--hands down, our favorite lunch in Pittsburgh.The green setting is a small house on the campus of the Frick Art and Historical Center in East Pittsburgh. In good weather, a small patio offers additional seating. An adjacent Visitors' Center is under construction, so a shaded side patio is--at least for now--off limits.The typical Sunday brunch menu features two savory soups, three salads, several sandwiches, several entrees, and five or six yummy desserts. Manager Patrick complements the menu with thoughtful wine, beer, and cocktails selections. Today we enjoyed three courses: wine, fish, and dessert. The special was crisped hogfish over Swiss chard and maitake mushrooms, topped with brassica greens, all over a drizzle of Hand of Buddha, honey, and pink peppercorns. (Many veggies are grown right on campus.) Desserts included a cherry-cranberry-walnut cake with caramel ice cream and a yellow almond-based cake with not-too-sweet chocolate icing. Interesting flavor combinations, a constantly-changing menu, sensible portions, attentive service, and personal attention from the host keep us coming back. Members get 10% off and can reserve in advance of the day. Parking is free.
4	If ever the term "hidden gem" applied it would be for the Cafe at the Frick.  We were in Pittsburgh for the weekend and saw an article in the paper about the emergence of fine dining at museums.  The article discussed the Cafe at the Frick so we decided to go.  Lunch was al fresco with a garden of herbs surrounding.  My salmon and my wives caesar chicken salad were both delicious. The server was smart and helpful. The weather was perfect.
2	Came here for a bite to eat before touring around the grounds. The menu is small and the choices are slim. You need a reservation to sit inside so we were seated outside. It had rained earlier and all the chairs were wet still. Instead of cleaning it she sat us at semi dry seats. After glancing at the menu we decided to just eat a snack since nothing really screamed out to us. We ordered the jumbo lump crab bisque and key lime cheesecake with a cup of peppermint tea. The bisque was a joke. There wasn't a single lump of crab inside and it was watery. The flavors weren't really there and the best part was the bread crisps The cheese cake was a small slice with a dent in the top like someone tried to slice it then decided to stop half way. The taste was OK but dry. Very overpriced at $7 The service was nonexistent. As soon as the waiter found out we weren't having a full meal he stopped showing up.
2	2.5 stars for the afternoon high tea. It was easy to get a reservation the day of being a non-member though I called right when they opened. Loved the ambiance of the building though small. Surrounded by windows so there is a lot of light and you can see the beauty of the park. The meh was the food. Three tiers of sandwiches, scones and desserts sounds wonderful though the food was just too rich and underwhelming. If I had to pick a favorite it would be the scones. You can take the leftovers home which I suppose is a good thing if you enjoy their food. $18 per person.
5	This place is definitely a sleeper gem for a great brunch and/or tea in PGH!  I visited with some friends this past Sun. at around 1:30pm, per their suggestion.  They wanted to visit since they'd been to the Frick before, but had never been able to eat at the cafe.  In order to ensure that we could get in this time, they called ahead, and although only members are able to make reservations, they allowed us to make one on the day of.  When we arrived, they originally were going to seat us inside, but given the beautiful weather and available tables outside, one of my friends asked if we could sit at one of them, and the waitstaff were happy to oblige.I wasn't aware that the Cafe offered a brunch, but we were handed a menu containing an insert for brunch.  Although we were given the disclaimer that there may not be brunch items left, our waiter checked on it, and it was our lucky day, since there were still some left.  In light of this, one of my friends and I ordered from the brunch menu, and the other decided to order off the regular lunch menu instead.  The brunch comes with three courses: soup, entree, and dessert, to which drinks can be added for an additional cost.  For soups, I ordered the soup of the day (creme of broccoli), and my friend ordered the squash soup.  Both of the soups were good, but to my surprise, I ended up preferring the squash soup, based on my spoonful of my friend's soup, due to its richness and complexity of flavor.  For entrees, both of us went with the pumpkin bread pudding, per the waiter's recommendation, and it was dynamite--definitely one of the most unique and delicious brunch entrees I've ever tried!  It had the perfect balance of flavors and textures: savory yet sweet, soft yet crunchy--it was seriously heaven on a plate!  It was quite rich, though, to the point that my friend wasn't able to finish hers (I did so shamelessly, however).My other friend ordered the mushroom ravioli off of the lunch menu, which came topped with arugula.  Although it looked small to him at first (he's a big guy with an accordingly large appetite), the portion size ended up being just enough to fill him up.  According to him, the flavor of the raviolis was great, but the arugula and other toppings took it to the next level.  He highly recommends it.Each of us ended up ordering a different dessert: pear-apple tart, hazelnut torte, and creme brulee (me).  (I'd originally wanted to order a slice of maple cinnamon cheesecake, but they'd run out of it.)  All of the desserts were quite different in flavor and texture, but all of them were wonderful in their own way.  My friends had coffee with their desserts, and I had the Frick blend of tea, which was quite mellow.  The tea helped cut the richness of the creme brulee, which was the perfect combination of a crispy exterior and a creamy interior generously seasoned with nutmeg.Although this brunch cost a bit more than I'd usually spend ($24 w/o tip), the high quality of food and service, as well as the atmosphere, made it well worth it.  Our waiter was quite friendly and attentive, and offered great recommendations.  As for the atmosphere, I couldn't imagine a nicer place to have brunch on a beautiful Sun. afternoon.  It was so relaxing to feel the gentle breeze, take in the beautiful fall colors, and watch the leaves drift lazily to the ground while catching up with friends and enjoying delicious food.  (So relaxing, in fact, that I forgot to check in on Yelp, which rarely happens--oops!)  As a bonus, after we finished, we enjoyed checking out the greenhouse, art gallery, and new gift shop--all for free!  :-)
4	We were finally able to get a seat for lunch! They let us make reservations even though we are not members. The food was very good. The watercress salad was amazing. The setting is quaint, elegant, historic and charming. I love being seated where I can look out the window directly at my dreamhouse. The menu is limited which is okay with me because all of the food I sampled was very good all except for the deserts. The deserts were not excellent. I tried the Chestnut Panna Cotta with Orange Marmalade. In my opinion...it wasn't all that good. I kick myself for not taking a snapshot. It LOOKED good. I tried my daughters peanut butter pretzel with pretzel ice cream. It was ok. My sons lemon Creme Brulee was good. Desert menu is the only reason for the absence of a star, which is subject to change pending future experiences.
4	I came in for afternoon tea service for myself and my two daughters (7 and 10 years old).  Be sure to call ahead to save yourself a trip.  The restaurant is quite small and walk ins are welcome according to the website, but I can't see that working out in anyone's favor.  There were at least 5 groups trying to get a table on a walk in and they were all turned away since they were completely booked up.  Since I'm not a member of The Frick, I had to do a same day reservation (members get to set reservation just about anytime they please).  I totally lucked out on this holiday week by snagging a same day reservation.  Best to try at 9am when the museum opens and getting into the reservation book at that time.  I called promptly at 9am and then got a callback around 10:15am confirming that there was an open table for me and my daughters.All three of us opted for Afternoon Tea ($18 per person).  For an additional $7, you can upgrade to the Royal Tea which gets you a glass of house wine or champagne with the Afternoon Tea service.  I totally went for the upgrade and it was worth it!  The house champagne was just great and a generous pour.And the food was excellent!  Presentation was great in the classic tiered plates that came to the table.  The bottom tier were the finger sandwiches.  The savories today included a crab salad on brioche, salmon salad on croissant, beet and cheese sandwich and an egg salad.  My kids went especially nuts for the egg salad.  They were not so crazy about the crab or salmon sandwiches.  Great - more for Dad!The scones were in the middle tier and they were all still warm.  Three to choose from - plain, lemon poppy and chocolate chip.  My kids devoured the chocolate chip scones and I enjoyed the plain ones.  Jam and clotted cream were also on hand for the scones.The top tier were the desserts.  Again, all winners on this tier!  Mini cheesecake, berries, shortbread cookies with jam, oatmeal raisin cookies and a frosted gingerbread cookie.  The tea selection was pretty solid.  Loose tea with strainers provided for each teapot.  My 10 year old and I went for English Breakfast (pretty good) and my 7 year old went with the non-traditional raspberry tea.  We were all pleased with our selection here, too.This is only my second experience of afternoon tea service in Pittsburgh.  My first one was a dreadful one at The Terrace Room at The Omni Hotel in Downtown Pittsburgh.  My kids remember it as well as being unimaginative and expensive.  Service was very warm and attentive.  We received frequent checkins to make sure we had plenty of hot water in our teapots and that all is well.After tax and tip, the bill came to $75 for our party of 3 at afternoon tea.  This is very much worth a visit and my kids can't wait to get back.  For next time, I might ask for a stronger teapot of English Breakfast.  I do enjoy a darker cup of tea - but there was so much going on with all of us enjoying the food and one another's company, I forgot to ask on this first outing at The Frick!
