5	Got the munchies and realised it's already 4.30pm?Don't sweat, just wander over to Hanover Street and browse through Pret's delicious range of soups, sandwiches, baguettes, salads, hot wraps and pastries. Everything is made fresh throughout the day and the fact the shop's open til 7pm means there's always something left in the fridge. For those on a health kick, they also sell apples, bananas, orange juice, smoothies, detox cordial, sushi and miso soup. I've had the latter on a handful of occasions and rate it better than the miso soup at both Yo! Sushi and Wagamama.
4	Ok, so it's a chain but as Yelp so aptly puts it on the star rating-o-meter "I'm a fan!" When I'm in town and need lunch without much fuss, but something that tastes more freshly made than M&S, Pret is my go-to.It doesn't need too much description, but their soups are delicous and especially their coffee. At Christmas time their mince pies are the best I've found, and their chocolate croissants are a really indulgent breakfast treat. Mmm.My only gripe is there isn't one in the Old Town as it's a bit of a trek when I'm really craving one of their tuna baguettes...
4	Best almond croissants and the coffee is good too, excellent lunch choices, very good toasties (i like the ham cheese & mustard ones), staff are excellent!!
2	I still really, really like Pret food but I'm dropping a star as after serveral visits here (for the lunch shift mainly) quite a lot of the staff have made me feel uncomfortable. Namely foreign male staff who seemed to be playing a game about how many times they could call me 'sweetheart' or 'honey' in one order without making me blush, then joking about it whilst they got my soup loud enough that I could hear, and continued to do so.I'm not sure why this branch of Pret seems to always have some slightly 'off' members of staff. It isn't across the board. But it's happened enough that I now skip two streets up to the one nearer the West End to get my sandwich or porridge. The staff in the other branch are much friendlier.The low stars are for the staff, the food is as always wonderful and the dining area is usually kept fairly well clean.
5	Pret is quite simply lunch perfection.There's not much seating up front, but there's plenty in back. And the staff at this particular location are tremendous. One guy didn't approve that our mozzarella and pesto panini came out a little burnt, so he ran over, grabbed a fresh one and did it again!Plus, he still gave us the first panini, which we were then able to pass on to a homeless person outside.
