2	I came with with an uncle- and cousin-in-law to watch UFC 141.  It was a relatively busy night, but the service was very lackluster.  The drink girl came by twice, technically... once to take my order, and once to deliver it.  Even though I kept an open tab, I only had one drink since she never came by again to ask me for another one.  Bad move, since I would have purchased more drinks if she had come around.  This place has NO food offerings at all -- no snacks, appetizers, etc.  No outside food is permitted, either.  The guy at the door said something about it, that they couldn't allow food since they allow smoking.  Whatever.  Bad business decision, since it would be wiser to have your patrons PAY for food and drink instead of paying only for drinks and smoke for free.  The projector used to broadcast the show was slightly "fuzzy."  I would have expected a better projector or TV setup, and the sound system showed significant signs of use... it's about time for them to either replace some equipment or maybe tune up what they've already got.  For a $10 cover, it's not too bad of a place to watch sporting events, but I'd rather find a better place to watch the next event.
5	Since 9-06-2013,The Railhead hosts the "Las Vegas Rocks"  TV show that is recorded on Fridays at 2pm.  The show has FREE ADMISSION while being recorded for television and keeps getting better and better with talent and variety.  Tony Sacca had a 50 year celebration of being in show business on 9-27-2013 that included various acts, preformers, comedians and entertainers.  This is one of Las Vegas'  Best Free Entertainment productions that you can see.  It can be seen on Channel 1014 at 3pm, Saturdays, the week after being recorded.  It's popularity is growing and will need a larger location to hold the numbers that are attending.  If you would like to see excellent talent (For FREE) that you would have to pay big money to see on the Strip, get to the Railhead around 1:30pm on Fridays as it's first come seating.
2	My first time visiting this venue was when I went to see Lacuna Coil with Sevendust back in March 2013.This venue seems to be a little out of place in regards to what artists they have booked here. The location is also a bit bar from the strip, although if you live on the east side of town then it's no big deal. Compared to other well-known, small concert venues such as The Vinyl or the House of Blues, The Railhead doesn't hold up very well.The good side the area is about the same size as The Vinyl, making the concert experience an intimate one. However, you will have a hard time seeing musicians up close and personal if you are not over 6 feet tall. Unlike the House of Blues, the Railhead's stage is not raised so you will have a bit of a hard time seeing the musician's faces.Also, you are not allowed to start mosh pits at The Railhead. So if you're the type that loves to mosh, security will kick you out if you start to show signs of 'the mosher' as well as 'the crowd-surfer' and 'stage-diver' (if you wanna do these things, then The Joint over at the Hard Rock doesn't seem to give a damn, so go there to fill all your concert pit needs).One thing to note are that the ticket prices to see artists at this place are slightly cheaper than at the HOB or The Joint--a useful tip is to try buying tickets at the box office, as you won't be charged a ridiculous 'service' or so that comes through buying tickets online. The only thing you'll be charged for are facility fees, which should only be like 5 bucks or so.Other than that, the sound quality at The Railhead is pretty much just like any other venue. I was able to hear the bands very well.Overall, The Railhead is a decent place to go see artists in an area that's more chill and not as saturated as the hotel strip. However, it's not really worth a place frequenting unless your favorite artists booked here and you HAVE to see them play.
