4	Very nice, cosy small restaurant, good and fresh sushi... and not even expensive.
4	This place is Legit Japanese. Having lived in Japan, restaurants which bill themselves as Japanese but then serve up something deep-fried beyond recognition as "tempura," or a mayonnaise-covered monstrosity wrapped in rice and seaweed and try to tell me it's "sushi" make me angry. Like green-skin-and-purple-pants angry.I went here last week with the gf, and it was much better than I expected for a Japanese restaurant on the east coast, let along for one on Wellington St in Verdun! The place has a very Japanese (but still causal) feel to it, which is obvious as soon as you walk in. The space isn't big, and it wasn't too busy when we went there on a Friday night. You could see from the back-log of takeaway containers that the place is popular (there was a constant stream of people coming in to place and pickup orders). I always feel like any popular sushi restaurant must be pretty good - there's not a huge room for error when you're serving raw fish.The tempura batter was light, and dipping sauce spot-on (not too much soy sauce). The sushi was good, and I'll definitely be going back there. I wasn't a fan of the signature Wellington Roll (it's deep-fried, see above), but that's more because of my sushi-snobbery than anything else. I'm sure it's great for you sushi-heathens. The prices were good value for money (not the cheapest place in town, but then again I wouldn't want to eat sushi from the cheapest place in town).We didn't get sake, but there's a few of them on the menu so you can indulge if you want to get your samurai on. They also have wine and beer, but you can't bring your own.
4	I love the couple that work here. They work really hard and their sushi is AMAZING. I generally don't eat in here, I usually order the take out. The quality of the fish is amazing and they usually take the freshness of the fish seriously. I would not go their with your children, there are no high chairs, and its a pretty small place. Its quiet and quaint!I love their handrolls! As well, it is decently priced.
5	An excellent japanese restaurant, with not only sushis! It's a very quiet and zen place, and the owners are polite and quite serviceable! One of my friends, whom speaks japanese, started a conversation with them in their language, and it was just awesome seeing them exchange for close to 15 minutes like that!It's a small restaurant, but you can be as big a group as 12 in there. One of the best place in my part of town for japanese food.
4	Really very good by Montreal standards, good even by Vancouver standards. Pricing is a bit peculiar, some things are crazy expensive and others seem under priced.  It has become my go-to sushi place.
5	Another jewel on Wellington street, Aka-Fuji is tiny Japanese restaurant that can hardly accommodate up to 30 people. One of the reasons the service feels so personal and attentive. The place is decorated with numerous views of mount Fuji and quiet Japanese music flows in the background.The menu is pure joy for sushi lovers and has extensive choices, including vegetarian options. Every sushi roll was absolutely delicious, the best is there were no overwhelming tastes and spices, the sushi just tastes natural and fresh.The choice of spirits is limited to beer, house wine and sake. Nice touch was to be offered to choose your own sake cup from a little basket.
5	Great value, best sushi in Verdun and for the price best value in Mtl. Went 3 times and each time was AAA quality. If you takeout the combo sushi the cheapest one is so affordable around 35$ for 2, though comes with a large % of goberge sushis but still overall quality and confection is excellent.
1	BEWARE FOOD POISONING! Ordered from here last night. Waited an hour for the sushi. My girlfriend and I ate it and it was good at the time. Woke up this morning feeling awful! Sick to our stomachs. Stay away. Their service is crap as well. The guy making the sushi was really rude to me when I questioned having to wait an hour when he only had a table of 5 in house. Don't do it!
5	having moved from vancouver, we've often been disappointed at the asian food here. this was not one of those places.the sushi here is well priced, and excellently made. other than the elusive karaage, which does not seem to exist in its real form anywhere in this city due to what restaurant owners attribute to "local taste"*, everything else is quite authentic as well. authenticity aside, we really like the taste, and at the end of the day, thats probably more important (unless you're one of *those* people...;-)*this happened at a taiwanese places as well where we tried to order salt and pepper chicken... haha
