1	Worst manicure and pedicure ever. She didn't use any type of moisturizer for either, I had to ask for some for my hands when she finished.
4	I love Happy Nails.  The prices are great, the ladies are always nice, and I love being able to just drop in for a mani or pedi whenever I am in the mood.  Their new massage chairs are very relaxing, too.
5	I truly enjoy getting my nails done at happy nails. The ladies that work here are all very nice and each time I have been in they have plenty of nail techs to preform services.  Pedicures and manicures I have had here are always good and worth every cent.
3	Nice atmosphere.  Owner is very nice. Manicure was average.  Not cheap though.... more expensive for a manicure pedicurr than Washington,  DC. Glad I did not try to go to $$ salon. Would come back if back in town. Discount for those who pay cash....nice option.
1	I decided to wait to write my review until I gave them a chance to fix the situation today. I got an acrylic full set exactly a week ago and was extremely upset with the end result, as well as the service I received initially. The nail tech did not speak a word to, or otherwise acknowledge me at all the entire time, even as I made simple requests that seemed obvious (a little shorter on that long one please, the tip on the pinky is pointing outward, you missed the entire side of that nail with the polish, etc) until I finally gave up. By no means was I rude or demanding, it normally takes a lot for me to complain or make comment at all. She never pushed my cuticles back, and even without doing that, she didn't even attempt to get the color close to my nail bed. I watched her as she put the clear coat on. She was not even looking at my hands all, which became very apparent as they dried. Most of my nails were not even 75% covered by the clear coat. After the clear coat, she accidentally ran her hand into my thumbnail, badly damaging it, which we both clearly saw. She even picked up my hand to look at it. As I sat there waiting for her to say something like "uh oh, better fix that", she yelled for the next woman to come take my seat(that I was currently sitting in), and then nodded me off toward the dryers, without saying thank you. I had a male friend waiting with me and didnt want to make a scene, so I just took it as a loss. I was quietly furious. I shouldn't have, but I paid, and for some reason, I tipped.Fast forward to today, I go in and calmly explain that I have my receipt, show them the photo I took when I got into my car after leaving the salon, and asked them if they would please remove the nails. I was embarrassed even discussing it in front of the other happy customers. I had already made an appointment elsewhere to get them redone, but did not think I should pay for the new salon to remove them if Happy Nails might do it, since it was their mistake. The women were so nice and offered several times to "fix" them for me, but I didn't want to chance it, and politely declined. They removed the nails free of charge and apologized. Were it not for the kindness I was met with during the removal process, I would have urged anyone to avoid this place altogether because of a single nail technician's careless work. I honestly believe had any of the other ladies done my nails initially, I would have been very happy. I saw plenty of clients walk out with beautiful nails both times I went, and they seem to do great work. I just won't be spending my money there again to find out.If you're wondering which technician it was, I couldn't see her name, it was behind materials. But it was the 5th booth from the front, second booth from the back wall. Her photo was on the certification, so I believe it was her table.I attached a photo, where you can see that the color is no where close to my cuticles, the very crooked pinky nail, and if the photo were not taken after dark with flash, you could see the thumbnail she messed up and did not fix.
