3	I have really mixed feelings for this office. I want to love it, but at the same time I absolutely hate it. For one, I can completely agree with Amanda B. that Dr. Agarwal is a great doctor. We gave birth to our daughter at home so we did not receive a routine hospital newborn screening, and had to make her an appointment for the day after her birth. We were easily able to make an appointment for that morning (she was born Sunday night at 11, we called at 8 Monday am and had a 10 am appt). We were seen by his assistant, Brita Overly, and then by Dr. Agarwal himself. His newborn screen was thorough and he was very genuine and worked so well with our teeny tiny babe. I was so happy we had found a great doctor.Following visits were not as excellent. While I still believe the doctors and assistants are great, I find the office to be highly unorganized. We always had extremely long waits (anywhere from 45 - over 60 min), and we had a lot of issues with our daughter receiving her vaccinations. We first went in and they were out of one so they recommended waiting until they got it in to do the rest. We were supposed to have gotten a phone call in the next couple of days to schedule a time to come in, but after a week we hadn't heard anything. Finally I called and they scheduled us to come in for the shots. The morning of the appointment the office called and said they were still out of it and wouldn't have it in until the next day. So we rescheduled for the following day. The next morning I get a phone call that they still didn't have them and wouldn't until early the next week. Ooookay......so I rescheduled YET AGAIN. After all of the rescheduling and miscommunication, my daughter was TWO WEEKS LATE receiving her vaccinations. I'm not sure why I didn't consider another office after that. Now our daughter is due for her 4 month immunizations, with an appointment this week. I received a call Friday from the office saying they were AGAIN out of one of the shots so they would need to reschedule. At this point I just cancelled her appointment and began researching another office. We'll now be seeing Dr. Alexander at Camelback Pediatrics. I really wanted to love Desert Ridge Children's Center, but their complete lack of organization worries me when it comes to my daughter's wellbeing.
5	I love Desert Ridge Childrens center! Although the office staff seems to be ever changing... They are still competent.  I've always gotten right in if my son is sick and I've never waited more than 5-10 mins for my appointment. One time I even showed up on the wrong day and they still squeezed me in. We see Diane Becker and we love her! On occasion I've also seen Dr. Thomas and we like her too! It is super close and convenient with a beautiful office and we have never had a problem!
2	The only reason I've stayed with this practice is because of Dr Kuo. They don't return calls and suck at patient service. I've waited an hour only to end up seeing the nurse practitioner. I specifically confirmed my appt with dr Kuo and no one mentioned seeing a NP at that time. The office manager was the one who scheduled my appt too. So far no good for desert ridge peds. Third office visit is on Tuesday and if that doesn't go well I'm leaving because my child deserves a phone call back when she is having problems and I'm a new parent
5	Dr A revised my daughters tongue tie when she was a week old. It made breastfeeding work for us! If we wouldn't have done it I know I would have not been able to breastfeed! I am a first time mom and I was super emotional about it. Dr. A gave us all the necessary information along with emotional support. I love that he is very passionate about the importance of breastfeeding as long as possible!
4	Dr. A released both a tongue and lip-tie for our son.  We went in with terrible breastfeeding issues and I was happy to get the procedure done, yet still very nervous.  Dr. Agarwal explained everything and calmed me down and the procedure was over in a flash.  We've continued to go for well-baby checks and have always seen Penny (NP) for the visits.  She is patient and relateable and does very well with my son.  Over all its a great office.  Occasionally have had long wait times, and once felt very rushed while in the exam room,  but sometimes those things happen.
5	I have taken both my boys here for almost 7 years now, they were still desert ridge pediatrics, and we still love it there. So much so, I am driving them down from Chandler/Gilbert because I don't want to switch them. When I has my second son, he was so early that he had to go on a special formula. Knowing how expensive it was the office gave me weeks sometimes months worth each visit. You can't go wrong offering help like that in an economy like this.  Yes, sometimes the waits are long BUT there are times when you don't wait at all. They are a very popular office that takes care of their patients and if they need to spend a little extra time with someone's child, so be it. I would want the same if my child needed it.
5	A very friendly place to bring kids who are sick.  Service is very professional and the staff is very nice and patient.  I take my grandsons there when they are sick.
2	I think people usually associate 2 stars with hatred and I don't hate this place but, "Meh. I've experienced better," just about sums it up. I'm also comparing my experience with Scripps in San Diego which was simply amazing. At Agave, the people are pleasant, if often disorganized and one of the N.P.s I've met has been just great. Most of the work appears to be done by CNAs and while pleasant enough they mispronounce my child's name every time we visit. The "triage line" is a joke and results in a call back within a day by an assistant essentially saying to make an appointment. At least that was my experience: I was concerned about apparent side-effects from vaccines that were administered a few days prior. I can't afford so many appointments to the same "doctor" when what I'm expecting is a little follow-up from prior appointments.But here is my biggest problem with this office, and to me it's huge: Apparently our doctor is Dr. Thomas, but in 4 appointments in 6 months we've never met her. In fact, I've never seen a doctor there during our visits. The entire place appears staffed with N.P.s, P.A.s and CNAs.The office is cute, everyone is nice, wait-times can be excessive and based on my experience there isn't an actual doctor to be found. I've received the same level of expertise from WebMD or MayoClinic.com
5	I can't say enough good things about Dr. Agarwal and his staff at Agave Pediatrics North. As a first time mother, figuring out how the heck I was supposed to get my soon-to-be-born son a pediatrician was an absolute nightmare. After leaving voicemails for doctors all over town and listening to recording after recording (press 1 to make an appointment, press 2 if you'd rather claw out your own eyeballs than try to explain to another freaking robot what you want from us), I called Agave Pediatrics and the phone got answered by *gasp* a HUMAN!! I wish I could remember the gal's name, but she was super sweet... God bless you, sweet stranger. As a procrastinator, I was 9 months pregnant at the time and didn't have time to meet Dr. Agarwal before giving birth. She answered all my questions and made me as comfortable as one can possibly be with what was about to go down. I met Dr. Agarwal in the hospital right after my son was born and was immediately put at ease. Let me tell you something about this guy... he LOVES kids. That is ridiculously clear. He seemed genuinely excited to meet our little dude and let me tell you something else, our little dude seemed genuinely excited to meet him too. He answered all of our (only slightly panicky) new parent questions and set our minds at ease that raising this tiny little baby wasn't going to be nearly as difficult as we feared. And you know what? He was totally right. At every subsequent appointment, from circumcisions to vaccinations, Dr. Agarwal has been friendly, professional, and has seemed genuinely happy to see my son again. I have sung (sang?) his praises to anyone that mentions pediatricians and will continue to do so.
