1	I was a customer here for a while. I usually bring professional attire (i.e. suits, shirts), nothing particularly sensitive. I have brought in a dry clean only silk jumper before and it looked like it had been put through the wash, not dry cleaned. I didn't write anything about that incident because it was the only time something came back 'not meeting my expectation'. The incident I'm writing about is my last one...I brought in a suit, a skirt (bebe wool blend), a shirt, and two dresses. My skirt, very specifically DRY CLEAN ONLY, came back with additional damage on the lining and clearly washed due to the wear on the outer shell of the skirt. One of my dresses (bebe, silk) had a hook clasp for the back. When unhooking the dress for cleaning, they must have thought it was a button clasp because they pulled the hooks out WITH MEAT (i.e. silk). Absolutely beautiful dress that sold out in stores ruined! and it came back completely out of order with the way it is supposed to lay. Both of my sensitive fabric items were clearly treated horribly! I guess that's why they have you prepay. Needless to say I'm never going there again. And anyone who asks me for a dry cleaning recommendation, I tell them NOT to go here.
5	My dry cleaning is done when they promise and they offer a 10% discount if you pay first. SCORE.
1	The quality of their work is mediocre. But the lady at the front desk is so incredibly rude and can't even communicate well enough to understand specifics about what you'd like to have done.
5	Don't understand why this place would get unfavorable reviews, as my clothes are always cleaned immaculately & lady at the counter is always so nice. Very organized place, unlike other Cleaners I've gone to. I recommend this place. Your clothes get cleaned in 24 hours. And the prices are reasonable.
1	horrible customer service, I hate writing bad reviews but if the business pushes me to do so I do! Do not go here, have yet to find a good place to dry clean my clothes in this city. Once I do ill for sure write an awesome review, stay away and do not come here. They throw your clothes on the ground, they have others clothes on the front counter where people can just walk away with, hopefully they go out of business soon. Unfortunate to say, but if you don't do it right get out of that business!
1	The man there who is either the owner or manager is very rude. His attitude alone is enough of a reason for me not to return. The lady is nice, but the language barrier makes it impossible to communicate even the simplest of instructions or have basic questions answered.
