1	Their amazing prices are instantly countered by despairing customer service.  If I want low prices I will go to goodwill over this place.  Looks like Dillard's is on my list of do not shop.
3	i like this place. there's a lot of sifting that needs to be done, but if  you've got the time you can get a good deal.  i've gotten several shirts, some pants, 4 jackets/sweaters and a pair of shoes over the last 2 months...which would have cost me about $1100 at regular retail. i spent less than $200. i don't care if it's last season or "uncool". if i like it, i'm going to wear it.so, yes, it is a little smelly and weird in there and the fitting rooms are few and far between. i saw someone's comment about customer reps, i've only dealt with one regularly and she is always nice, she's a fitting room attendant. i will say the cashiers act like they hate life, so in agreement there.the thing i dislike most about this place is the no return policy. try it on before you take it to the register!
4	The disclosure here this is great for shopping for guys... I don't even bother looking for myself or any other dept in this clearance center.  My bf has a very short tolerance for shopping so the gameplan is I quickly sift thru the very organized (kudos!) dress shirts and shorts.... hand my boyfriend 10-15 options, he picks out what he likes (that doesn't mean I don't empower him to pick out his clothes right?  :D  I prefer to call it a joint decision making process), and end result is painless shopping for great pricing and quality dress shirts for work and events.$10-20 per, depending on what addtl % off sale is going on, we generally pick up Kenneth Cole / Hugo Boss / Perry Ellis / BCBG dress shirts.  (Near the inside mall entrance is the guy's long sleeved shirts in S/M/L and go deeper back twds the suits to get the fitted dress shirts for the higher end brand names).
5	When they have the "additional off" sale, this is as good of a bargain as you can get. The regular clearance is what you can get in the store so the 5 stars it for the special sales. The store is neat and well organized compared to other clearance centers I have been to.
4	Great deals can be found here on big name clothing but be prepared to dig some. Most items seem to be one or two only. Their bra selection is very limited to sizes most women don't wear such as 38FF! If you need a dress for New Year's or prom this would be a great place for a steal. They do have some really great prices on comforters also but again selection is limited but definitely worth a look.
5	Wandered over here today after attending a conference. I remember going to the Dillard's Clearance Center when it was at Christown many many years ago with my mom who always loved it. I had no idea that this now existed at Fiesta Mall, but I'm so happy I discovered it.It's like a gigantic Ross but better organized with better merchandise. People compare it to Last Chance but I found it to be so much cleaner, less stressful and the clothes didn't seem to be plagued with rips and tears. I got two pairs of adorable shoes for a total of $15. The original price for these two pairs of shoes combined would have been $190. If you wear around a size 6 shoe the possibilities are endless. It looks like they have all the floor displays of every pair of shoe ever sold at Dillards.I didn't have time to look around at much else because the store was closing but I'm coming back next time I'm in town.
3	This store would be great if someone needed to buy a bunch of work clothes.  Racks upon racks of clearance items with an additional percent off.  I'm not a good digger, and we just came from lunch, so trying anything on wasn't in the cards for me today.  I did find a very cute one shoulder French Connection dress for $20 with an additional 60% off.  Too bad it was tiny.
5	I was quite impressed with the Clearance Center! Lots of selections and a huge huge store! I bought $500 worth of dress clothes and shoes for under $100. For someone who hates to shop- this is truly something! You kind of have to know how to sort through the racks of clothes, but I was patient and it paid off. David, in the shoe department, was especially helpful.
4	Dillards clearance center and me were destined to meet. Any time you can mix great quality, name brand clothes with low, low  prices it is a recipe for shopping, and Dillards Clearance has perfected the recipe. The store is huge with racks upon racks of earlier / last season items straight from the racks of Dillards. This center and the one in metro center mall both receive merchandise from all southwest US dillards stores, according to one iffy sales representative.I scored with a 5 discounted Murano, Calvin Klein, and Perry Ellis shirts, 2 or 3 sweaters, a jacket, a pair of dress pants, 4 packages of new mens "under garments", and a pair of dockers shorts for about $150 after tax. A bargain shoppers delight - you just can't go wrong!
5	I have good luck at this place.Love their dresses, and how everything is always an additional % off.Case in point, today I got a FCUK dress for $30!YES!!!(and not one of their plain/basic ones, a v fancy one)Now, it is a clearance center, so like any other bargain place, it is hit or miss.  Have left here empty handed a few times...
5	Great deals all around on all Dillards depts. Look for addtl savings on weekends.
3	Excellent for shopping for Men's clothes! I have zero luck for myself but found some goodies for the hubby. Like any other "Clearance Center" you may very well find nothing. It can be hit or miss, you never know. The men's Big & Tall section is full of awesome shirts!The prices are on point. They are already marked down obviously but they usually add anywhere from 40 -60% additional off at check out. Everything is clearance so some of it is down right hideous but if you are willing to dig you may find some jems.
5	A friend turned me on to this clearance center. I live in Tucson, but try now to visit here when I go by the PHX area. It is just north off the exit from Highway 60 to Alma School.You are greeted by a massive amount of clothes (men's, women's, and some children's) on one floor level. Things are marked around 65% off, and then sometimes they have ADDITIONAL markdowns.I just hit the last week or so for the sweater/winter wear mark downs (30% additional off of 65% discount). I loaded up on incredible sweater deals, both for business wear and for more casual wear. I had been searching for a taupe cardigan and found a Tahari brand classy one for a huge discount. I normally don't even look at Tahari due to its retail pricing. My husband, with less tolerance for detailed shopping, found a very nice men's bathing trunk for $2.99 on additional sale (was $4.49, then marked down further). Can you beat that? Men will find huge choices here at great prices. My friend says he feels guilty shopping here, with the deals he gets, including on a whole men's suit! (And he's a snazzy dresser.)You have to have patience and some time to shop here as things are grouped only by size and type clothing (sweater, shirt, blazer, dress). But the deals can be astounding!Remember that it opens at NOON, not earlier, on Sundays. I found that one out the hard way, sigh. But it was worth the wait.TIP: Every woman seems to go to the back fitting room, which is small. Thus, a line forms. Look for the fitting room mid-store--it's bigger, with less or no waiting. An employee helped me with that tip.TIP2: All sales are final so be very sure of the merchandise you choose to buy.
3	I used to love shopping at Dillards because they had a wide selection of stuff that I could buy at decent prices.  At some point, this store became a clearance center, and I would shop here from time to time. I'm not sure why they made it a clearance center, but its racks and racks of Dillards clothing at deeply discounted prices.Most of the stuff is sorted by size and gender. Endless racks of clothing at 50% off, some even 70% off.  I'd see a lot of the same clothing in a variety of sizes, with a little bit of household items in the back that always seemed to be picked over.  Even though the store is two levels, they only have one level open for shopping, with a set of registers near the entrance.  Selection and prices are good, but you have to really pick through the racks to find what your looking for.  Second level is completely shut off, and I think you have to enter through the main level to shop.The bargains are really good, and its worth a trip here to find some nice clothing at a great price.  Just set aside some extra time to pick through the racks as their set up in an orderly chaos type fashion.  Not the most eye appealing set up, but if your here, go check it out.  I've had sporatic luck finding stuff here that I like.  Sometimes I hit the jackpot and find a few items that I like, other times I've walked out empty handed.  Not a bad place.
5	Dillard's clearance center is my favorite place to shop.  You can get some crazy deals at the Clearance Center.  I got some dresses that were 50% off with additional 40% off and then some tops that were 60% off with an additional 40% off.  Now that is a great deal.  It is even cheaper than the thrift stores.  If you are looking for a place to go shopping in the Mesa you should head over to the Dillard's Clearance center.
3	So not very different from its sister store in central Phoenix,Compared to Last Chance, this place's selection is mind numbingly huge.  The problem comes when you try to find something you want.  While at Last Chance, you need to be wary of holes, stains and wear,  here you simply must find a style you like.  Some items appear to have stayed on the shelves since the 90's, as noted in my pictures.  Of course, I can't forget to mention the turtle neck section, an absolute must have in summer, where it can never be too hot.  Not to be critical, you can find some gold here, albeit after looking for 30 to 60 minutes.  The other deal is that it is not at a giveaway price.  If you are willing to spend some money for well priced items, you will definitely leave a winner.  If you need some work clothes and not on a shoe string budget, you can score huge here.  Otherwise it is not advised to bring high expectations.
4	The prices at Dillard's Clearance Center can't be beat! I have found many a name brand item that I wanted in the regular Dillards show up here for about 1/4 the price. If you go on days when they have an "extra" percentage off, you make out like a bandit! The place is very well organized and clean for a clearance center. It is easy to find what you want in your size. I hate clearance centers that are disorganized! The only problem I have ran into is the dressing rooms. The attendants are not nice at all! They really seem to hate their job on 2 seperate occasions!
4	I'd never actually ventured in here until I was on the hunt for a specific fabric.Seems like they have things organized pretty well. Large signs everywhere directing you towards different sections. The quality of their items is pretty good too for being a "clearence center". And you really cant beat the prices. I found the piece I was looking for and purchased it for 60% off the marked price (80% off the original price).They have specials every day (extra 605 off womens dress, mens shoes, etc). That sign is posted right at the enterence so you cant miss it. This place is worth it if you have the time to look around.
4	You can get some pretty good deals here if you don't mind browsing through multiple racks of clothes. They have a huge selection of men's and women's wear.
4	I remember when these guys were at 19th Ave and Bethany on the West Side....too far for me to go often so I'm glad they opened up a new store here on the East side in Mesa.  This is a great place to come if you are looking for cheap but NEW clothing.  They have men's, women's and children's clothing all between 50-90% off the normal department store retail price .  You can also find some bedding, table linens, and shoes but they primarily carry clothing.  They also run monthly 'specials' so for example when I was there they had an additional 50% off dresses and 40% off women's tops.  I picked up an Antonio Melani  silk blouse listed for $41.65 and then at the register they took another 40% off that  price so it ended up costing $25.  Not bad for something that originally cost $119 so basically I got it for 80% off :)   Like any other bargain discount store you will have to search for those treasures and this place is sooooo BIG you will probably shop till you drop so bring comfy shoes and enjoy your treasure hunt!
5	My girlfriend introduced me to the clearance center. What a great place. You can't believe the bargains. Now you do have to hunt for the good stuff but it's there. Watch out for the TV test pattern shirts. Wow. My ears hurt those shirts were so loud. You know why some of this stuff is on clearance.Now if you are looking for a nice pristine store lined in 24 carrot gold with diamond encrusted hangers what planet are you on. It is a clearance center. It isn't a complete dump but not exactly the nicest store ever. It gets the job done.They have a wide selection of clothes of all different styles. Of course the women's stuff completely out numbers the men's but that is to be expected.I will definitely be back especially when they are having an extra 40% off the 60% off reduced price.
5	Closed on Mondays. Open rest of the week. Located bottom floor of the Dillards in Fiesta Mall, which seems to be dying, so I hope this clearance ctr doesnt go anywhere. They have ladies clothes up to 3x/24w and misses/petites. They also have men's, plus men's shoes, but no children's or teen boy items. This is truly an outlet. Sometimes picked over, sometimes not.  I have gotten some fabulous finds here. Today the clothes were all 65% off of original price, plus 40% off of the marked-down price. They have fitting rooms in both mens and womens sections, plus restrooms available by the women's fitting room. Also 2 cashiers...one by the outside entrance, one by the mall entrance. The staff don't seem to be all that excited to be there, but are helpful nonetheless.
3	There is only one reason I gave this store 3 stars, awesome clearance prices! Having said that let me just say that the customer service is horrible! We came in with my niece who is only 4 years old and difficult to shop with, and one of the employees was super rude and talking about how badly behaved she was! every time I come here I encounter a rude, non - helpful employee! I'm beginning to wonder if it's worth it to shop here!  If I come back and see improvement I will give a 5 star review!
3	Clearance? Hardly. Everything in this store is still really over priced. Only rarely will you find a good deal. The staff is very nice, though.
4	If you are looking for great value and great clothing, this is the place.  I enjoy shopping there because I always find some bargain.  Waiting for a fitting room can sometimes be a hassle, though.
4	I like Dillard's! But I LOOOOVE the Dillard's outlets! Where can you get (3) $300 suits and Jessica Simpson boots for $177? They carry all the name brands and the latest in-season clothes.  I'm a fan! These outlets are an organized mess; but if you have patience, you can persevere! lol. I'll do almost ANYTHING for a discount. Sales vary weekly, but you can check online before you go. And listen here! THERE ARE NO SALES ASSOCIATES ON THE FLOOR TO ASSIST YOU!!! Do not go in there thinking that you are at a regular Dillard's store, like at Scottsdale Fashion Square. YOU ARE NOT! You will NOT get approach by anyone asking if they can help you. There is no button to press in the dressing room if you "inadvertently" picked up the wrong size. Get over it. And your Dillard's credit card is acceptable here! :-)
2	Came here not knowing it was the clearance store. It was worth the trip for the New Year's Day sale but the store is old and run down
