4	I was urged to try this newly opened restaurant by my coworkers. I was happily surprised that the fried chicken was exceptional. It was so crispy! I didn't try the gravy that came with it. The Spaghetti was equally satisfying. It is sweet with hot dogs cut up in it. I will definitely order from this place again.
3	The location is great for those who live on the west side, near the movie theater also. The Yumburger was soggy. Palabok, Spaghetti and Chicken Joy was acceptable. The restaurant overall was clean and I like the fact that it's right next to Red Ribbon. I thought the "Chicken and Burgers" sign under the Jollibee sign was brilliant, it can attract audience not familiar with the brand.Near the restroom area a saw a party section if you do decide to have a kid's party. It's tucked at the back of the store.
3	Pros:Tasty lumpia.Feels good to finally have a Filipino restaurant on the southwest side. Prices aren't too shabby. Cons:The name Yumburger is inaccurate. It should be renamed Yuckburger. Yuck. Will update once I try the chicken everyone raves about.
1	I was over joyed to see a new food place opening in the neighborhood, let alone a filipino joint!The restaurant was busy and not very clean.I brought my family to lunch in this area and had no idea what to order, but after a suggestion from the employees, I got the following:- The Yum Burger- Lumpia- Chicken for my kidsAfter getting our food and taking our first bites, I knew it wasn't go to go well.  My kids didn't like their chicken and when I tried it I can see why.The Yum burger was OK, but I wouldn't eat it again.  The lumpia came out different than what I expected...  Imagine if you took some real lumpia, shrank it to the size of a french fry, fried it dry in the microwave for 20 minutes and then added water and microwaved it again to reconstitute it.  You get an interesting concoction. Everyone also had a very heavy feeling after eating.  That is no good.  It's like you just put sand in your gas tank.Regrettably, I do not recommend this place at all. :(
2	My review for Jollibee was months in the making. Somehow words were escaping me on how to best describe my experience here. I struggled on not turning this into a fecal focused review about the place. as you can see I failed miserably. Well.....Holy Crap Batman, that is what I was thinking a few hours after visiting this fine restaurant. Now I am not one to be crude, but their food is not exactly easy on the bowels if you know what I mean. I give it two stars just because of the twisted names of some of their menu items,. I had the Aloha burger and it does mean hello and goodbye!
3	There is a Kentucky Fried Chicken in the same vicinity but I choose Jollibee almost every time. It's not because of their chicken but because they offer white rice as a side dish. Jollibee's chicken isn't as crunchy as KFC's but I prefer white rice with my meal. Jollibee's chicken comes with a side of brown dipping sauce. I usually pass on it because I prefer making my own sauce (rice vinegar, 3 cloves of crushed garlic, crushed red pepper, and if you like it salty a little bit of patis). I also like the fact that I can get Mountain Dew with my meal because most fast food places don't offer it. Their lumpia (egg rolls) is okay but I prefer Jack in the Box's egg rolls because they're tastier. I've tried their mini sandwiches that have the corned beef and the spam in them but after a while I get nauseous because their is too much mayo on them. When I'm not ordering through the drive thru I like to go inside and look at their pastries and breads because their is a Red Ribbon Bakery in there.I like the fact that I don't have to go all the way to Seafood City for Pandesal (rolls).
2	I've never claimed to be very Pinoy. I haven't been to the Philippines since I was about 8 years old and until a couple of weeks ago in San Francisco, I had never been to a Jollibee before. Well that visit inspired me to finally check out one of the Vegas locations.My mentality as I approached the drive-thru window was simple. I might as well order everything I want to try now. Just get it out of the way so I don't have to come back. I ended up spending $14!The verdict? The fried chicken was just so so. The side of mashed potatoes tasted like instant. The side of corn fared better, but basically that fried chicken combo was a bust.Fortunately, the Filipino style spaghetti rocked! Honestly, I used to hate the sweetness of Filo spaghetti sauce. I'm probably still partial to a good, tart Italian Bolognese, but I'm totally down with Filo spaghetti these days and it is something that Jollibee does right.On to dessert. You can get two pies for $3, so I opted to get both the Mango Peach and the Banana Langka (jackfruit). The Mango Peach was pretty good in its own right, but OMG! The Banana Langka is a superstar. I would totally come back just for that. It's basically like Turon. And that equals yumminess.Overall, I can't give Jollibee more than two stars. It just misses the mark on basic food flavor (I'm referring to the fried chicken deal and the one bite of my cousin's cheeseburger I tried in SF). Still, it is totally worth a visit just for that Banana Langka Pie!
1	I was never really in to Jollibee and didn't see the big deal to it.  But, every time I mention that we have them in Las Vegas to some of my friends, they make such a big fuss over it.  I stumbled in to this one a few months back and was not very impressed.  I had their palabok and chicken dish with coke for beverage.  Needless to say, I was disappointed.  Their food is overpriced, not worth the money.  I actually thought that McDonald's is better to go back to.  That's a sad comparison.My cousin came over to my house one time and brought over Jollibee from this same restaurant.  He got the spaghetti, pies, and forgot what else.  I was actually more impressed with it that time.  The spaghetti was really tasty and the flavors were impressive.  The balance between salty and sweet was perfect.  I wondered if it's just a hit and miss.Today, I went back and used the drive through.  It's very slow and employees look a little depressed and unhappy to be serving me.  Maybe I just looked like I was not worth serving.  Who knows?  I ordered the JolliHotDog and Spaghetti because of the good impression I had in my mind from when my cousin came over with one.  I am convinced it's a hit and miss.  My hot dog was not worth $2.58.  The sauce they put on there with the cheese and banana sauce didn't go well together.  I give that a thumbs down.  The spaghetti was lacking the same taste as the one my cousin brought over.  I was disappointed once again.  It just didn't have that taste.If I didn't have Jollibee again, it wouldn't make a difference.  I think this restaurant didn't give me the feeling of wanting more.  It was just "eh!"
5	You may ask yourself, why did this guy rate Jollibee so high?! 5 stars?Well, I have my reasons and I will tell you. I grew up in the Philippines, lived there for 14 years and when I did, I never really thought much about Jollibee. When I moved to the US for school, that is when I began to really miss the unique menu and mascot of Filipino fast food. If I had lived here in the states and just tried Jollibee, I can understand a 2 or 3 star rating. But I rated it higher because of them bringing it to America. It let's me feel at home, even for 5-10 minutes. The atmosphere, the service and the customers remind me of the islands that I miss so much.That's why I rated it 5 stars, how many places can offer garlic rice with longanisa? Spam? Corned beef?! Pan de sal? All on the go? Spaghetti! Not many.When I go to Jollibee, I always get the yum with cheese and spaghetti. Only in the Philippines is where we offer rice and spaghetti in the same place. Now many non-filipino's may find that wrong or weird.. But to me, its awesome.Heck, even the McDonalds and KFC in the Philippines offer spaghetti. It's not your regular Italian style, we put sugar and hot dogs in ours. Which I think is better.I think it may be an acquired taste, when I was younger I never really liked the special sauce they have.. But now its one reason I go there. I have yet to try everything, I usually get the same thing but that's because I like it so much. Anyways, if you're in the area and want to try something new.. That's fast. Go for it. Also, the good thing about this Jollibee is it shares with Red Ribbon. If you get a meal in Jollibee, get dessert at red ribbon. That's my 2 cents.. Centavos.
3	i come here for 2 things only. the "palabok" and "halo-halo" they serve it styro foam, upside of that is in case you cant finish, take it home. compared to many other home-style filipino restaurants, i find portions of the eats to be a little bit pricey, and not as comforting, maybe because it's a chain. but, the palabok portion is just perfect for me. and i like the texture and thickness of the sauce. anyways, best part of my meal would be the halo-halo. its basically a cup of shaved ice packed with a variety of tons of oriental boba's, ube (candied yam), red beans and more tasty goodness, i recommend trying it for dessert.for the most part, i haven't gotten the best service transaction. some of the workers here always look a little stressed out, and in a hurry, i feel so rushed.they also have a drivethru lane.
3	This rating is for 3.5 stars. I only had the Halo Halo here; there is a Red Ribbon bakery inside along with a few tables and chairs- a small space, though it was clean. But I liked it- it wasn't as big as Chow King's inside Seafood City (which is the BEST by the way), but I did enjoy having it since there aren't too many Filipino restaurant options in this area- the west side. (As I said before, I am very picky about Filipino food because so often, it is greasy and I don't like the orangey fatty liquid that is left on your plate, yuck and gross.) There is a bench outside but it is cold in the winter time. There is a drive-thru window as well.
2	Yeah I'm reviewing this watered down Filipino restaurant.  Reason why I came to eat here was because I was in the mood for a Filipino breakfast and this was the closest one to my gf's house.  What a bad choice. Sorry babe. LolI ordered the tocino breakfast, which came with like 6 small pieces of pork, garlic fried rice and fake scrambled egg with a tomato slice on it, and let me tell you... The tomato was so good! And that's it.  My gf ordered the spam breakfast.... The spam was cut the wrong way. How do you cut spam the wrong way? If it has squared edges you cut it the wrong way!! It has to have the rounded edges.  Spam lovers, YOU know what I mean! Our meals came with free coffee by the way and tasted horrible.. no wonder why it's free.  Good thing I got a cup of water too.  And the service was annoying, no kind of personality or enthusiasm, when I asked for ketchup, she gave me 3 packets.. I looked at it as she placed it in my palm... I said, can i get more please, she grabbed 2 more.. paused to think.. and grabbed another 1 packet.  Ay yi yi!  2 stars for the tomato, and good water.  Next time I come here is probably because I want something from Red Ribbon which is unfortunately, conveniently located inside Jolibee.
4	Yes!  The McDonalds of the Philippines (food/people...etc)!  LOL, all my fellow Pinoy's, you know what I'm talking about.  Anyways, although this is a food place, let me recommend the Boba Tea!  It is delicious!  Probably the best I've tasted in a LONG time!
4	Mmmm...Jollibee!  I love the fried chicken, it's lighter and tastier than say KFC or Popeyes (Popeyes=ewwww anyways) or anything Americans are used to as far as fried chicken goes.  Their Spicy?  Is SPICY.  One piece of their spicy fried chicken and I'm done!  But oh so good.  If you like spaghetti, don't eat their spaghetti thinking it's just spaghetti.  It's a sweeter sauce with hot dogs in it.  Yesss, hot dogs.  Don't dog it (hehe) til you try it!  Lumpia is delicious and crispy.  I wish there was a Jollibee closer to Henderson (not the Maryland location...I mean HENDERSON.), because they'd get my business like no other.
1	Service crew is very slow.
3	Good food but the service sucks!!
3	Not a lot of filipino places but when i saw I had a Jollibee next to my place I was kinda stoked.  Just because I knew if I wanted to get Filipino Food, I could.  i didn't have to wait for my aunt to go come to town or for my cuz to make filipino spaghetti!  My boyfriend actually likes the sweet potato fries because they are spicy and sweet.  They could be spicier but it's still good.  Plus, seeing the big Bee outside is pretty funny!  Service is great, unlike some other filipino places in Vegas.
3	Jollibee = fried chicken. & that's about it.Everything else is too salty or too sweet. Meals & desserts, respectively.The TFC they play gets pretty old, but I think that's just me.Oh, the tocino breakfast is pretty good.
2	After watching my cousin quickly devour half the menu at a Jollibee in Manila, I had kind of lost my taste for Jollibee. Now that there's one pretty close to where I live, I do wander in from time to time. That said, the service is sometimes really great and sometimes kind of off (or pretty off). I mostly come here if I'm feeling too lazy or cheap to drive farther for good filipino food. It's awfully convenient sometimes.
2	The fried chicken is nothing special. The entire experience is like (what I would imagine would be) going to an "American Fast Food" joint in the Philippines. Which is kitsch and cute, but we're not in the Philippines, and there's both better Filipino food and American food readily available nearby.
1	This palce use to have the best fried chicken until they stopped changing the oil! I defintely can tell the difference when the oil isnt changed! I tried this 3 different times and still the same taste old frying oil taste!!! This ruined it for me otherwise it used to be good!
5	I am Filipino and I am proud to be one, I give jollibee 5 stars because I am not a hypocrite, I will admit I EAT at jollibee because my kid is crazy about chicken joy and every time I feel nostalgic for my country of birth i come here. So I do not know why there are so many haters out there rating this place so low when they keep coming back here anyways... You know who you are... And why even bother to write a review...just to prove that you are above jollibee? FYI KFC in the same complex closed down... I think this is because jollibee was getting all the business instead. So don't listen to all those haters (especially if you are Filipino) go ahead and indulge yourself in the crispy skin of chicken joy and the yummy sweet spaghetti. Go ahead and relive your childhood days of yore...
1	Ok, so when I go back on my trips to Vegas, this place is right acroos the street from where I stay..As much as I don't like this place, I find myself constantly trying it out again, and again and again...like a bad movie on replay...I think it's because they have Spam there...and yes that mystery meat people on the mainland thumb their nose down to...But we Hawaiians live on this stuff and Love it...So this is why I go there a lot, because where else in the states do you see Spam on the menu?...lol rhetorical.. Guess you could say I am a glutton for punishment!
2	Can you say bland? Ideally I'd give Jollibee a 2.5 star rating (mainly since the wife seems to like it). Their food isn't bad...or good...it's...food. The service was OK... the chicken was apparently fried on the surface of the sun (still waiting to see if my taste buds will come back to life) and the sides were forgettable. Reminds me of eating in a school lunchroom...
4	You gotta be in the culture to be a fan otherwise you just dont get it. Can't go wrong. Chicken is delicious, with or without the gravy.I'm in love with the spaghetti and pancit.
3	Now being a proud Filipino person, I gotta say I love my people.  My peeps.  My bretheren.  But Filipino fast food?  Not so much love.  Jollibee does some things right, but some things not so right.  Damn...can you say over-processed food!?  Jollibee is of course, the Filipino equivalent of your American McDonald's or Burger King.  It was created when settlers from the lost tribes of the Philippine forests ventured to the soil of modern society and proclaimed that the world was their oyster...errr...balot.  Okay, fine, fine.  Jollibee got its start in Daly City, CA by trying to give Filipino-American families a taste of home that was long forgotten.  Apparently my Nanay and Tatay both missed the taste of the PI with burgers, chicken, and sweet spaghetti!  And the joy of that strange red and white bee buzzing around.Honestly, Jollibee is about as Filipino as I am to looking like an Asian Brad Pitt (though on most days I'm closer to Jo Koy).  Close...but no cigar.  This is Filipino trying to attract caucasians at it's finest.  No offense to caucasians (especially you - Most Desirable Woman of 2012 Jennifer Lawrence), but not much Filipino influence is to be had here.  It is for all-intentional purposes, dumbed down for American audiences.  Which is a bit of a disappointment because real Filipino food is bursting with real flavor!  Patis here, bagoong there, jufran here, 'all-purpose' sauce there...pork EVERYWHERE...that is real Filipino food.  Jollibee, ai sos, I don't know what to tell you.Of course I eat at Jollibee occasionally because my kids somehow like it here.  My little one goes, "This is how they eat in the Philippines?  Yummy!"  Now I've never been back to my homeland, but I'm 110% sure this isn't how most folks eat there.  I've seen the PI episodes for both No Reservations and Bizarre Foods so I know!  Tony Bourdain and Andrew Zimmern cannot be deceived!    Going to the food.  For fast foods standards it's OK.  Nothing special for the most part, but somehow comforting at the same time.  It is nice to see Filipinos congregating in the same place considering what a melting pot Las Vegas is.  It's kinda like eating at the communal table.  Except we are all partaking in a lot of sodium and artificial flavoring.  But who said MSG was bad for you, eh?  Jollibee's menu is all over the place!  They got burgers, fried chicken, fried fish, Italian spaghetti, palabok, hot dogs...it's nuts!  Then of course you got sides like waffle fries, mashed potatoes and gravy, and white rice.  Filipino, right?  And who can forget the creative names for some of their food?  Fried chicken is called 'Chickenjoy',  and there's burgers called the 'Amazing Aloha' (it has pineapple in it) and the 'Big Yum!'  (I have never had it but I am assuming it is BIG and YUMMY).  Gotta love the marketing.If you've had fast food before you know what to expect from Jollibee.  It all tastes strangely the same.  I will give them credit for their Chickenjoy though, it's pretty darn good!  Especially when it's fresh out of the fryer.  Something about getting a side of gravy to dip your fried chicken in is very appealing to me.  Add a side of mashed potatoes and corn and I'm in.  Jollibee Chickenjoy rivals that of your big chain fried chicken joints.  Masarap!Jollibee does breakfast as well, and I think that this is actually better than their lunch and dinner menu.  What Filipino doesn't like garlic fried rice with a sunny-side-up fried egg and your choice of meat?  Especially when your choice of meat includes pork tocino, fried milkfish belly, corned beef, or SPAM?  Lovely!  Bring on some shoyu, Filipino ketchup, a Lipitor, lots of water and I'm all set!  Thanks for the memories.  Sure beats a friggin' Egg McMuffin!Jollibee does dessert as well, boba drinks that they call 'Pearl Coolers' (UBE=YUM), peach and mango or banana pies (that look just like the ones from McDonald's), and the ubiquitous Halo-Halo.  International dessert of the Philippines!  It's kinda like fruit cocktail mixed with coconut shavings, condensed milk, shaved ice, and topped with a dollop of ube and vanilla ice cream.  This one is a bit sweet for my liking though, wish there was more fruit, and less milk.  It is kinda pricey though at around $5 for a large.  But unfortunately the large only feeds piggy ol' me.  Overall it's an OK experience.  And yes, the cashiers at Jollibee can speak English as well as Ilocano or Tagalog and are very friendly.  If you go in here and think all Filipino people eat like this then you my friend have no clue!  Ok well maybe some of us eat like that.  Most of us rather be at home with a pot of chicken adobo or fish head sinigang or kalding (goat) calderetta simmering on the stove.  Just saying.  Now that's MASARAP!
1	My good friend Dennis Schulz who accompanied me to this place put it best."TV dinner food made by Filipino people."
4	My family loves to eat at this place once in a while. I specially like their cakes. If you want to get someone a nice healthy B-day cake, buy a birthday cake at "Jollibee".
5	yes Jollibee is open here, but unfortunately it is hard to tell because the place is new.  I found this by accident when driving by and said yes we have to go. The chicken joy was great as well with the corn and mashed potatos for very cheap.  You can get a reward card as well for a shirt or doll, but I do not live in Las Vegas.  I really enjoyed the food like always.
3	Not really a great Filipino restaurant but hey you can't expect much from any fast food joint anyway. When I'm craving Filipino food but in a rush this is the place I go. Not the greatest menu. Honestly, I only like the palubok with their chicken combo. The chicken taste great especially when dipped in that gravy sauce they give along with it.If you've never tried Filipino food, I suggest going to an authentic Filipino dine in restaurant.  I don't want you to think this is how Filipino food is supposed to taste like. 3 stars! Can't really complain since it is a fast food joint. The McDonald's of Filipino food.
3	Tried this place one time shortly after they opened. I wasn't really impressed with their food. The place did look neat and clean and the staff was very friendly.Although I wasn't impressed with my one visit based on the customer service I'll probably try it again at some point.
1	I had no idea it is a Philippino restaurant. Looks like a typical fast food joint. I live in the neighborhood and saw "Chicken and Burgers" so I walked in for some chicken.  I ordered the 3 peace chicken. Asked for all white meat. They said it is a 25 minute wait for all white. Don't know why but I said I'll wait. On the menu it says $1 upgrade for white meat. That was fine until I paid, and discovered it is $1 per peace! 3 peace chicken = $3. Not cool. Chicken was served with two sides. 6-7 peaces of french fries and a tablespoon of corn. Chicken was decent but not worth $12. Pepeys chicken is much better for half the price. I'm never going there again.
2	I wasn't sure what to expect when I came here, but I was surprised to find it was spaghetti with some sort of gravy for sauce and fried chicken as a side. Didn't really set well with my stomach as far as taste, and the price was a bit high for what you get.
3	Yelp 100 Challenge * 69/100FYI, Jollibee is like the McDonald's of the Philippines: notice the flamboyant mascot, pretty 'eh' of a menu, and its prolificness. They both have kiddie toys and accommodate birthday parties for teeny tots! Tonight, I got to attend a birthday event for one of my good friend's daughter who just turned 2 years old. We were provided with a private room with enough space for the guests (make that roughly 30) and an open space for the kids to play around and dance. People were given an hour to munch and socialize, which was then followed by an hour-long program that consisted of games for the kids (and one for the adults!) and finally, a dance number by the bumble bee mascot. He sure 'stung' that one Psy song like a boss! We all had fun and I could've sworn tonight's experience felt like I was teleported back to the Philippines for a while. (or maybe even Hong Kong - Yes, they have Jollibees there too!) The cashier up front even greeted me with the Filipino honorific 'po' when I ordered some food to-go! Awesometastic. Nonetheless, as much as I loved the company of tonight's crowd, Jollibee won't go up to my top 10 (or even 20) of fast food joints any time soon. The chicken joy is basically another word for 'Popeye chicken', with jollibee gravy added in. Oh, and there was so much fat attached to the chicken's skin, I wouldn't be surprised if you confused its consistency with jello. On a brighter note, I probably like the spaghetti best, sweet red sauce with hot dogs, very Filipino - lovveeee! Halo halo (shaved ice with beans, fruits, jelly and ice cream etc.) isn't bad either. Choose that for dessert or the peach mango pie. It's probably their alternative for the apple pie at Mickey D's for all I know!
4	2013 HALO-HALO CHALLENGE - Contender #2Jollibee got the honors for our next Halo-Halo Challenge.  They say pictures are worth a 1000 words. Well, when we walked into Jollibee, Bam! In our face was a beautiful sight...a poster of a perfectly made cup of Halo-Halo. For about $5, I was hoping we got exactly what the picture demonstrated...ube ice cream, flan, sweetened condensed milk, red beans, green jelly, and coconut packed in shave ice.  I think a little ube syrup was even added just for show (see pictures).  Our Halo-Halo tasted as good as expected. And with the Vegas heat that evening, our dessert only tasted that much better. Our Halo-Halo was sweet, cool, and had enough of the minimum ingredients to keep me satisfied until our next challenge.  So far, I'm a fan of Jollibee's Halo Squared.  My only issue...I wish there was more flan and some legit ube (not ice cream).PS: For an appetizer before our Halo-Halo Challenge, I tried their Beef Tenders (Tapa).  This was basically seasoned and caramelized beef steak, eggs, and rice.  So good and a perfect quick meal before any Halo-Halo Challenge.Halo-Halo:  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jollibee-las-vegas-2?userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ#Cot3wGtkvTNtq_OTutVyzA2013 HALO-HALO CHALLENGE:Contender #1 (Elena's):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/elenas-restaurant-las-vegas-2#hrid:66pT_yQvZudRThxlGl74QwContender #2 (Jollibee):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/jollibee-las-vegas-2#hrid:ZSJzziWEVLyOF3DHfn1MaA/src:selfContender #3 (Cafe Cebu):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/caf%C3%A9-de-cebu-las-vegas#hrid:5iu3U4zoZWQISOSO7BMsGQContender #4 (Salo-Salo):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/salo-salo-grill-las-vegas#hrid:Wgtkj97v8-l9MnNuyj-QxQ/src:selfContender #5 (Thelma's):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/thelmas-filipino-restaurant-henderson#hrid:wzGAlZyBNi1UtDRM0t0oXwContender #6 (Andrea's):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/andreas-las-vegas#hrid:idKe5bOeuIwnyzcamgeUDgContender #7 (Chow King):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/chow-king-las-vegas-2#hrid:3FzhPzAaF7_OE6i0Nau5WAContender #8 (Fiesta Filipina):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/fiesta-filipina-cuisine-henderson#hrid:VLvYgY6ROsMh9q70tmkoHw
2	I never go to jollibee and I have my reasons which I will explain below. We had a halo-halo craving and this was the closest place at the time to get it. Man was I totally disappointed! I should have just spent that $5 on a tub of ice cream. Upon walking in, holy jeez it was hot!! The ac was not on. All they had were multiple large fans circulating hot air! It was like walking into a giant oven. Next, my halo halo was pretty much just ice. It was topped with ube and mango ice cream and flan. I mixed it in with the rest and it was still bland. A halo halo is supposed to be chunky with a whole bunch of ingredients. But did I get that?! Nope!!! Just a little bit of red bean and 2 or 3 of the jelly things. The rest was all ice. Complete fail of a halo halo. As for the food, I don't eat it. Spaghetti is uber greasy. If you want Filipino spaghetti, just go to seafood city, buy the ingredients and make it yourself. Hell, I was born and raised in California and I make Filipino spaghetti better. Plus it's supposed to have hot dog pieces in the sauce. There's like 5. Another fail. The fried chicken, I don't know what it is, but it always has this weird taste. Like it's fried with old oil or something. It's like a rich taste, but not good. The chicken is served with a side of a gravy. For me, gravy doesnt really go well with spaghetti. However, I must say that the peach mango pies are delish. The crust is crisp and light while the filling is not too sweet. I once bought 6 of them so I could eat them later on. Only reason I gave them 2 stars was the staff. They are always so nice and quick with orders.
3	Jollibees leaves me a bit perplexed.  I came in looking for a unique ethnic dining experience.  I left with root beer, a piece of fried chicken and sweet spaghetti with hot dogs and ham in the sauce.  I'm not saying it was bad.  Just not what I expected.  Sure, I could have ordered something more like what I was expecting.  Something with more Asian or Island influence.  But I honeslty did not know what any of it was.  I should not let that scare me and I usually don't.  I do enjoy trying new things.  But that is after some previously obtained knowledge.  I know very little about Philipino food culture.  So I went with what was familiar to me.  Fried chicken and spaghetti.  The chicken was not the best I've had.  It was not terribly crispy.  And the spaghetti was like something I would expect a child to eat.  Sweet and full of hot dogs.  That being said, I actually really did enjoy the spaghetti for what it was.  To pay around $6 or $7 for a drink, a pice of chicken and a scoop of spaghetti seemed too much.  And the restaurant was terribly hot.  Their air unit must have gone out.  The tables were warm to the touch and there were noisy fans all over the place.  I don't place any blame on the owners or management for this.  I just warn everybody out there in Yelplandia that it may be uncomfortably hot in the Jollibees on West Sahara if you go in during the summer.
3	I have heard about Jollibee for quite some time and finally got the chance to try it out today.  A friend had told me that it was like the Filipino version of McDs and KFC combined with some traditional Filipino staples thrown in the mix.  And yep, that is what I thought when I saw the menu.We had the fried chicken and the spaghetti today.  The fried chicken was tasty and I really liked the gravy to dip it in.  Yum.  The spaghetti was really different since it had cheese on top, a sweet tomato sauce, and some hot dog pieces all mixed together.  I know it sounds super weird, but it was actually good, in a strange way.  It was a cheap meal too. For 2 adult meals and a kid's meal the total was only $16.  Not too shabby for lunch.  I wish I was more hungry because there were a lot of fun looking desserts to try.  Maybe next time...And there will be a next time!
3	In the area for an appointment, we were trying to find something quick to eat at 10:30 in the morning and didn't want IHOP, so we decided to give Jollibee a shot. I've been to Jollibee in So Cal before, but never to one here in town. I've never been a huge fan, but figured I'd give them another shot.I got the spam breakfast and it was ok. The best thing about this place is that everything is so cheap, even for fast food. Nothing amazing but it satiated our craving for a quick and cheap meal while we were in the area. Good for what it is, cheap fast food.
2	I didn't like anything about this place. The food was bad. Nothing I tasted was good and I don't plan on coming back ever again. For the price I'd rather go to a buffet or other fast food spot.
2	It's good for fast and cheap food, but it's a put off eating at the restaurant sometimes. Every time I come here, there's always a big group of flies flying around. It's super annoying. Also, since the workers most likely don't want to work there, they're a bit rude. I guess ordering in English instead of Tagalog was a big sign of make fun of me was put on my forehead, since they kept laughing at the fact that I was probably "white washed" In retaliation, I thanked them in Tagalog and sat nearby talking in Tagalog to my best friend.
3	My daughter wanted to have lunch at Jollibee for her birthday. We had never visited before, but she had always wanted to try it because she liked the bee logo and statue. Go figure. The place was very clean, but I thought the staff could have been friendlier, especially because we were newbies and not familiar with the menu. We got the chicken, a Yum-Yum burger, the spaghetti and some mashed potatoes. The food was okay-- the spaghetti and potatoes were the highlights. But the drinks just tasted awful (although they looked tasty). I may give it one more try, but I won't be rushing out to eat there anytime soon.
2	I've eaten at Jollibee in Daly City, the PI and this location in Las Vegas as well as the one on the east side of town. So for this location 3 Stars for the Food, it's Hit or Miss, Never Consistent. 1 Star for Service; compared to the PI, I miss the Hundreds of Employees offering their Help and Eagerness to Clean and take your Trash, but here It takes them Forever to take your order and it takes Longer than that to get your food. -5 Stars, that's right Negative 5, for their Lack of AC, ESPECIALLY during the Summer! We first assumed it was just Broken, but after Several of Years of them being in business and experiencing Hot Oven like conditions, we're now Speculating they have a Crappy AC system or they are just a bunch of Cheapskates for not wanting to pay their Electric Bill! It's Las Vegas for goodness sakes! We live in a Desert, it gets to 120 degrees in the Summer! Heck even all the Jollibees in the PI all seemed to have Sufficient AC!
2	There has to be a good reason my parents would never let me eat at Jollibee when I was little.  They always told me the burgers are made of worms. Somebody gave me a burger from Jollibee and I would not touch it.This is a Filipino fast-food joint. It's like the Filipino Mickey D's. It's not fusion or anything. Filipino, Filipino, Filipino! Pinoy! From the food to the old ladies that cut in line in front of you. And no, this is definitely not the best burger anywhere. Whoever says that it is is a liar...just because you saw Jollibee in Bourdain's show, doesn't mean you have to believe it. I would not recommend a Jollibee burger to anyone.I've had their Chicken Joy and that's alright.  I'm not a fan of Filipino spaghetti with the sweet sauce and red hotdogs (also made with worms according to my folks). The only thing I like from this place is Peach Mango Pie.Years later...parentless and living in Vegas...feeling like a rebel, I finally got the urge to try their burger. It's one of those "The Prodigal Son" moments where I was like "I should've listened to my parents". Pack this!
4	Huge clean bathroom, tasty breakfast food, friendly service. Nice flat screen for TFC and fans to keep you cool. Plenty of parking.  What more can you ask for in Vegas. We probably had three meals here. Jolibee, when are you coming to the Chicagoland area? Build it and they will come.
2	I will be the first to admit, I do not like the sweet sauce they put on their spaghetti.  That said, I hoped one of the other options would be edible.  It wasn't.  The Chicken Joy so many people rave about practically flooded my kitchen with grease when I bit into it.  The meat itself was poor quality and stringy.  They provided a very small bit of gravy for the chicken.  The gravy tasted like it was made with dirt.   The Hamburgers were overcooked but other than that they were typical fast food burgers.The staff is very rude at this location and get impatient if you do not know your order when you walk up or if you ask any questions.The restaurant itself always seems dirty, more than once we have had to switch tables because their was some sort of goo or food leftovers on them.I tried to find some Joy in ChickenJoy but alas, my second trip was as bad as the first.
2	The food was great. It was a quick service. The cahier was nice except for the manager named Marivic Perez.  She was rude with her employees. She yelled one of her employee infront of the customer.  I mean that was not right. Be civilize Marivic!
1	This morning I went there to pick up  breakfast.  To make a long story short, I had the worst customer service experience from beginning of the transaction till the end.  I looked at the name tag to see who was helping me and it was the restaurant manager herself.  Marivic, if you dislike your job then please quit.  I have been going to Jolibee for 10+ years and never have I been rudely treated the way you treated me.  You were very, VERY, rude.  Plus the fact that you got my order wrong made me more disappointed that a person like you, a restaurant manager, is running the show.  A big thumbs down for Jollibee
3	If you're Filipino, you probably will crave some Jollibee. Fried chicken with sweet spaghetti? Love it. But that's not the only weird thing, like showing sports at sports bars, why do some Filipino food places feel it's necessary to have bad Filipino dramas and variety shows on constant play? Perhaps they have a lot of customers that don't want to spring for TFC(The Filipino Channel) in their own homes. I haven't experienced any of the rude service that other people are talking about. The staff seems nice and tries to keep the place pretty clean. My only complaint about the service would be that I wish they would stop calling me "ma'am." No need for honorifics. Plus, I don't look old enough to be a "ma'am" just yet. The food is pretty cheap here but overall, I've got to admit, it's not very good. The chicken and spaghetti is still a guilty pleasure of mine. Yes, I like sweet spaghetti. My mom still makes a better version than Jollibee but if I need a quick cure for a craving, this is where I go. So this place is OK in that regard. Out of everything on their menu, I will recommend the halo-halo (shaved ice dessert) and the pearl(boba) drinks.
1	I'm confused. Nothing was edible. Fries were chewy and starchy. The fried chicken was old and smelly. The so called yummy burger was the most disgusting of it all I don't even know what kind of meat it was it didn't taste like anything I've ever eaten. I'm so confused how this place is in business
2	Oh em gee! Why didn't I read reviews before coming here.Ran into this place and decided to check it out since I was pressed for time and it was on my way, convenient and it "looked" decent. Took me a good while to make a decision on what to get from their drive-thru menu (should always follow my food instincts, but didn't). I ordered the two piece chicken and my side of fries. Service:When I rolled up to the window, I was charged for a 3 piece, two sides! Fine. Whatever, I wasn't in the mood for an argument so I paid the darn $8. Lady at the window was very sincere about her apology in screwing up my order but never offered to fix it. Food:Mother-trucker! This place takes the cake in messing up fried chicken-ROYALLY. I took the first bite and my lips looked so greasy, it looked like I over applied clear lipgloss! Moved on to the fries in hopes for them to be so awesome, they would make up for the fried chicken lard drumstick I had just bit into. Negative. Salty, stale and with an odd flavor! Guess I can scratch this curiosity out the way for the next time they happen to conveniently cross my path.
3	This review is based mainly on chickenjoy. I am half filipino so it's no surprise to find myself at jollibee. This location is pretty big and also has a Red Ribbon inside which is a plus. I got the 3 piece chickenjoy that comes with a side. I was disappointed that it didn't come with a drink so I had to pay a dollar extra. The meal itself was $7. If this meal was $2 cheaper it would definitely be worth the money. As for the taste, jollibee's chicken is probably one of my favorites when it comes to fast food. It's always so crispy and juicy whenever I order it. The gravy that comes with the chicken is also unique and tasteful. As for the other food, I don't really remember how they all taste like. I grew up with jollibee but don't really have it now as an "adult."
1	Jollibee, why'd you have to go and break my heart like that?I've always had a special place in my belly for this one of a kind Filipino fried chicken and fast food establishment, until yesterday. I haven't been here for a good 5 years...oh how much things have changed. First offense: an army of chicken fried in advance and sitting on heat racks. The chicken was soggy, slimy, very fatty and the crisp factor was out of the door. That's a fried chicken no no! UghSecond offense: 2 sausages in my sweet spaghetti. What happened to the promised "meatiest, cheesiest, spaghettiest?" This used to be my favorite item on the menu too! Double ugh Third offense: that burger steak combo meal was so bad, I really couldn't figure out if they wanted it to taste like a boot or what! Triple ughMy beloved quirky Filipino fried chicken chain went down the drain. Cutting corners is what looses customers! Ugh to the ugh!
4	I love the foods... specially the spaghetti and chicken joy...Dont forget the apple pie and halo-halo...
2	Uhm I don't know why I come here.I think it's because I'm yearning for my Filipino childhood. I usually hit this place up when I'm desperate for Filipino spaghetti. You know, the sweet kind with the hotdogs. I usually get like the combo mixture whatever. Like spaghetti and burger, or spaghetti with chicken or chicken with rice. I know, it's weird.but the spaghetti is usually runny or watery with their sauce. The chicken? It's aight. I'd come back here only for the spaghetti. I mean, this is the only place in town where I know they have it somewhat decent.
4	I once did a case study on Jollibee, and it was about branching outside of Philippines and SE Asia.  Well, lo and behold there is one in Village Square!  I'm sure there must be one in L.A. somewhere but don't ever recall seeing one...  Anyhow, decided I would hop over for lunch just to see what it would be like.  And well, I like it!  Granted I only had one thing on the menu, but it's certainly off to a good start.The place is pretty big, set up like a typical fast food joint but with more of a mickey mouse-like set-up.  I'm not sure what it was, maybe the big bee and the color and the plastic-y seating?  Anyway, thought it was quite interesting.  There are probably 30 tables inside, and at least a third of them were occupied with Filipinos, belying the poor rating from Yelp.  Traffic remained brisk during my stay, so I'm guessing they do okay.  The service was pleasant although not necessarily altogether sincere, I thought.  But, what more can you expect from teenage employees at fast food restaurants?They messed up my order a bit - I ordered the 3 piece chicken with a side of fries, but received rice.  Okay, chalk that up to confusion between "fries" and "rice", which could sound similar.  The chicken was properly crispy and fresh, and quite good.  This is a departure from other reviews I read.  I am a fan of Popeye's because their chicken come crispy, and don't like KFC because theirs do not.  I would say Jollibee's chicken was crispier than Popeye's although I like the seasoning on Popeye's better.  So basically a wash between the two, which is a complement for Jollibee's.  And to the rice, not fries... Okay, the rice is typical rice.  But that gravy is delish!  Surely it must be half msg, but who cares!  I put the gravy over the rice and that was pretty irresistible.  So there you have it, purely based on chicken & gravy, I'm giving it 3.5 stars.  Impressive for fast food.  I will eventually try some of their other stuff, including their Filipino dishes and the spaghetti.  Debated if I should give it 4 stars and work down from there, or 3 stars with a chance to work up.  Eh, don't think they'll work it up so I'll give it 4 for now.
4	I'm really saying 3.5 stars... or 3.75.. Please, people, don't sleep on the spicy Chickenjoy! I don't know why, but it's some of the most satisfying spicy fried chicken out there. Plus, chicken and rice is a universally delicious combination that is exponentially improved here with spice and a side of gravy. It's taken to even higher levels with the ability to add fries, burgers, or filipino spaghetti (complete with cheese and hot dogs). Don't sleep on filipino spaghetti either. And, finally, if your greedy meter is maxed out, you can always pop in and order filipinos empanadas (less flaky, more doughy/thicker like pie) or desserts (ube cake and mango cake for the win) and breads from the adjacent Red Ribbon Bakeshop.If you're too lazy to hit up Red Ribbon, the Jollibee dessert pies are surprisingly good. The banana langka is a pie version of turon (banana and jackfruit eggrolls) that are good but make me sad for actual turon. However, that and the alternate flavor - mango peach  are served flaky and warm. And, of course, you can't go wrong with halo-halo. A word of warning (and the primary reason I don't give more stars): The drive-thru almost consistently is either slow or makes mistakes on orders. Once, my sister drove all the way home, eager to share spicy Chickenjoy, only to find that all the chicken was sans the "spicy". Make sure to check your order - the red flag and specks of spice should be clearly visible. Also, I find that three family buckets options are weird and force us to order a lot more a la carte. Perhaps smart on their part, but frustrating and far from satisfying for me.
2	I thought I'd check this place out since its near my job so I brought the entire fam. I had never heard of it before but thought it was worth a shot. Once we got in, I realized I wasn't in Kansas anymore. I quickly noticed I was the only white boy in the place and it this wasn't an American fast food joint. Once I got over that uncomfortable feeling of everyone staring at you because you seem to be in the wrong place, I reviewed the menu and decided that the food scared me. So I told the wifey, lets go and we went to Rubios instead.
4	We ordered a bucket of spicy chicken....wasn't very spicy at all; however, it was hot and very tasty!  We ordered their fresh pineapple juice; what a hit!  I would come back for their juice alone.The pies were pretty good, so were the mashed potatoes; however, I'm not a big Calrose brand rice-type person.  Overall, I would give this place a 3.8-3.9 rating.  Definitely way better than KFC!
5	DON'T READ MY REVIEW IF..1. You're not Filipino.2. You're Filipino but you were raised in the US.3. You haven't tried Jollibee in the Philippines before.Seriously, this may sound racist but people who doesn't fall in these criteria understands.I was born and raised in the PI and I grew up eating Jollibee on special occasions of my life (LOL). It is an acquired taste!!! You can't be craving fried chicken one day, come eat here and expect to have that American flavor to it. Same with Spaghetti. Filipino Spaghetti is sweet. Sometimes spicy. You can't expect it to taste Italian and be disappointed about it.Their spaghetti is on point. Despite the fact that it only has 2 pieces of hotdog, or sausage (sometimes), it still tastes like home. I'm not a big "chicken person" so I can't really comment on the Chickenjoy. Their fries? It sucks. LOL Don't even think about it. Just pretend it's not on the menu. But my son loves their corn. It's just a little overpriced! I mean, you're better off buying a $1 can of Kernel and melt butter in it. But that's the point of coming here. Besides the "hit-or-miss" menu items, it's that "I miss Philippines" feeling. It's that "teaching your kids their culture", or that "let's try something different".You honestly can't come here and expect a lot. Even the Jollibee's in the PI are not as it used to be when we were kids. Their servings are small and they only give you ONE packet of ketchup and ONE tissue to wipe with. LOL oh i know..
1	This place is theeee worst restaurant in the whole city!!! Could care less of its franchise all around the world.. the fried chicken was horrible!!!  The cheese burger had green meat inside of it so i didnt even attempt  a bite of it!!! this place needs to be closed by the health dept, I just threw my food as well as my money away!! sTAY away even if your  ASIAN
4	Got Taro bubble tea! Was yummy! perfect for me because I still can crunch on the tiny crushed ice. And the chicken was awesome as well. The spicyness, crunchiness. And the meat was very moist.
2	Needs improvement both food and cleanliness.  The restroom was dirty, the table was sticky and the chicken that I ordered was not cooked all the way through.  I have visited this location before and had better experience,  it just needs more effort to do things better and more consistency.
