4	I worked here when I was 20 and I couldnt fully appreciate what they have to offer.Its unfortunate I didnt take advantage of my 30% employee discount, but I was poor since I worked there. I really enjoy this place now, the dining room tables are the best buy ever! I was shopping fore like 5 months for a table with bench seats instead of chairs. Then I remembered how many Cost Plus had.I went in and they have 4 different kinds for 199.00I dont know if you have been bench shopping lately but I find them ion the price range of 700-1200.I liked a lot of the tables but they didnt match my style so got a table somewhere else and bought the benches here. They also have walkers shortbread cookies on sale all the time. Ok the ingredients on that: Butter, sugar, flour, saltSooo GooodBut yeah great buys on tables, but they have midget couches.They are for like a childrens playroom.
4	I was thrilled to find that they sell Vegemite here! : ) There are only a few things I can stomach well being pregnant right now and Vegemite on Toast is one of them. Being an Australian product I was very worried as my last jar was getting very low and I feared that shipping it here could take a long time....however I remembered Heather L. had mentioned there was a store in Scottsdale that sold it and I found I had scribbled the name down on a piece of paper.... Cost Plus!Not only did I find Vegemite but I found many chocolate bars normally only sold in Australia and England here as well! I am very happy now : )  Oh and I cannot forget Patak's Indian Curry sauces....they are great for home made curries.My husband also found some very nice international beers (jealous). The staff here are great too, very helpful and friendly.
4	WOW...that was my expression we i spotted this World Market in "The Promenade" shopping center after having some great frozen yogurt at "The Golden Spoon", which i will be reviewing later. The last two World Markets i visited...one in Michigan...and one in the Chicagoland area...were both going out of business. I thought several more be going out of business as well...so i was extremely pleased to see this one so close to wear i live here in Arizona. Now this store is not for everyone...even though it has something for everyone. It truly is a "World" market...they have items from all over the world. Some of those items include furniture...rugs....china...all kinds of food...desserts....wines...and various other trinkets that will excite your senses so to speak. Some of the items are a bit expensive...while other items are very affordable.Some food items you could find cheaper at your local grocery store...but for example Jasmine rice...which i love...is surprisingly cheaper here than at all other grocery stores in the valley. While i don't drink...my wife found some great wine there for as low as 5.99 per bottle. They even have some candy from your childhood that they put on clearance...for example i bought some Chunky Bars which usually go for 2 bucks for the giant size one...for only 50 cents....wohoooooo!!!So if your ever in Scottsdale and want to experience a little taste of World Culture...please visit the World Market...you will not be disappointed. Eat, Drink, and Be Merry My Friends!!!!!
4	We really like Cost Plus World Markets!We have been going here for only three years but have been shopping at CPWM in several different sates for over fifteen years.  They have hard to find food items from overseas markets (hence the name) as well as furniture, household items and wines.  The prices seem very reasonable and they now have introduced a frequent shoppers system that tracks how much you have spent, offers you points and even sends you emails when there is a sale coming up.  WOW!
4	Plenty of fun knick-knacks here.  Unique items for home decor.  Check out the wine section for good prices on some interesting selections.
4	Came in for a coffee mug tree, but walked out w/ salad plates and bowls (selected items were 20% if I bought four or more!), and beautifully-delicate champagne flutes and Burgundy wine glasses (two each, and German-crafted).  A few days later, Mom and I went back to exchange defective bowl and plate, and we walked out w/ a set of espresso mugs and saucers and a vegetable/fruit peeler.  The register line tends to get long, because a specific clerk, while very friendly and accommodating w/ answering questions, forgets to ask her fellow teammates for assistance.  Kindly ask if it's possible to open up other registers and someone will assist!
5	This review is directly for Joe that works at this specific location. From the first time I entered the store with my boyfriend, I can't explain how much of a help Joe has been. Not only is he knowledgeable about every product in the store, his warm character makes it an absolute pleasure to shop there. If it were up to me.... Joe would be a regional manager!
2	Don't buy furniture here unless you have lots of time and patience.When it comes to customer service here, prepare for the worst...On several different occasions we have been flat out ignored by the rude staff here. Not all are rude, but it seems like either they don't enjoy working there or they don't care about customer service. Before Thanksgiving, we visited the store during a big furniture sale and unfortunately had to get a rain check for three items. We were pleasantly surprised as the person helping us was very helpful and informative about how we would get a call when they were in stock and also the dates that they would most likely have them. She checked the distribution center for us and everything. We were very happy that day and thought maybe the store had finally hired some service friendly staff. And, we were also excited because although we wouldn't have them for Thanksgiving, we would have them for Christmas. She said the estimated time frame and gave the specific date of the 21st, as that is the latest date a new shipment would be coming in from the distribution warehouse.We we were having a very large party at our house on December 20th and would have loved to have the tables there. So on the 18th, we called and asked for them to check to see if the items were in stock. My husband politely asked them to check to see if they had any in stock. He was then rudely told by a guy that if they are in stock, they will call us. He wouldn't even check to see if they were coming soon or if they happened to have arrived and hadn't called yet. He then went on and on to a point that felt condescending. No friendliness or helpful response was given during the entire call - with either the warehouse or the person who first took the call.So the 21st came and went, and obviously so did our party. Then yesterday, the 26th, we went back into the store. After waiting around for 15 minutes to get someone to help us, we couldn't even finish our sentence asking about the items before the guy started the whole spiel, "they'll call you when we have it...". So I politely told him it had been five weeks and I know that the distribution center should have had them on the 21st..blah blah...Sir, please, can you just go back and check? His eyes rolled and he agreed.Finally, about 10 minutes later, the same guy comes back out to the front, "Uh yea, we have your items. They call you on the 17th." They didn't call - trust me, I would have loved for them to call! I would have picked them up the same day! Then they would have been there for our party. I was frustrated. We told the guy that we never received a call and then he BLAMES us for not getting the call, saying that the guys there call people immediately when items come in from the warehouse.  We didn't get an apology or anything from him or the cashier lady. Later on, he says, it was probably a new guy who, "didn't know how to us the phone..." They both continued to act like it was our fault that we didn't come get our items earlier. In fact, the guy had the nerve to say, "Luckily we still have them for you..." as if they should have sold them to someone else because they didn't call us. Worst customer service ever. Also, don't expect help loading your items. They'll watch you struggle and do nothing. I understand they can't be responsible for your items, but at least last time, my husband had help lifting the heavy items into our truck. The only reason they get 2 stars is because I do like their products and unique food. If you only are buying small items, or a bottle of wine, you should be fine. But if you need something big, important, have a deadline, or otherwise are short on time, look elsewhere. Looking back, I would have paid more for a better item somewhere else.
5	I have fallen in love with World Market so much. I love going in here because every time I see something new I want. The whole store is perfect. It's so need and tidy and always put together every time I come in here. The employees are so sweet and nice and always ask if you need help finding something. I love the food section especially because of all the small little treats and snacks they have that you can't find at a regular grocery store. All of the home accents and decorations are so well made you can just see it by looking at it, I want to buy everything seriously every time I come in here.
4	Me likey Cost Plus World Market and this location is fantastic. It's large, with plenty of items and room to browse. Upon first entering the store, to the right there are a lot of home decorations that were clamoring for my attention. I found several pieces I really liked and took note of them. Continuing through the store, there are pieces from around the world and many furniture options. There's even a food and drink area with many options from different countries. Delicious looking candies, cookies, tea, coffee, etc. Most of this is relatively inexpensive and a nice splurge for yourself or someone adventurous. They even have a beer/wine section with varieties across the globe. Moving on there is a kitchen/dishware section with tons of fun gadgets and cooking items. Overall, the prices aren't too high and you could get some cool pieces from here. I'd definitely recommend it!
4	I love Cost Plus mainly for the food and wine. When I was visiting Scottsdale, they had a wine tasting on Saturday 1-4, I'm not sure if that happens every week...they have got some quality, unique trade items here and I just love coming here! but I love coming in here to buy cheap wine on vacation!
4	Love going to Cost Plus World Markets as they carry such an elaborate selection of int'l candies, shelf-stable food, wines, etc. - especially during holiday season!I mean, where else can you buy a meter of red licorice? I think I just found my gift exchange gift!They seem to always have their furniture on sale as well. My mom bough a red leather chair there (cpl yrs back) and still loves it!French-milled, fragrant soaps, incense, beads, 100% pure Virgin olive oil, Jamaican beer - there's something for everyone here. ;)
