5	Ok first-off, this place is "run" (as it's not really run since it's a collective) by one of the members of godspeed you! black emperor which makes it immediately awesome (the fact they have broken up however makes me awesomely sad).It's got a fantastic beer selection, and the food can't be beat (unless you are a cranky carnivore, as it is all vegetarian). They put on live shows constantly that usually showcase up and coming darlings of the indie/art music scene. One of my favorite things about Casa Del Popolo is that they have a refurbished cigarette vending machine that, instead of vending cigarettes, will provide you with miniature art for $2, with items ranging from cds, minidiscs, buttons, mini dvds, stickers, whatever.It is by far one of my favorite places to go in the city and by far one of the coolest.
4	I went here last year with Bridget M. who talked a lot about Godspeed You! Black Emperor and I tried to look like I knew what she was talking about.For a place that focuses entirely on vegetarian food, there's still plenty to be enjoyed by omnivores. Ardent carnivores (we all know them), will likely be disappointed but for them there is a great beer list that rivals anything in the area. The small menu has a number of unusual and wonderfully fresh sandwiches. The food seems remarkably cheap - especially for the area.I had a lot of fun with the converted cigarette machine that dispenses mini-CDs of weird music you've never heard of. The music is seriously weird stuff, but some come in hand-made containers that are art in their own right. Maybe I'm just a sucker for machines that take my money and give me things.The interior is cozy, but a little dark for lunch.  I suppose given this place is more of a night-life kind of place given its enormous calendar of concerts the dark interior shouldn't be an issue for most. Casa del Popolo is definitely a great and unique place to go if you're passing through Montreal.
3	This place is OK.  It's probably better for the coffee/bar than the food.  The sandwiches were alright, but not mind-blowing.  This is more of a hip hang out spot than a place for food.
4	Came here whilst visiting Montreal to catch a show and have a few drinks.  Was not disappointed by either.  There is a nice separation between the bar area and the area where the bands are playing, so if you're waiting for a particular band, or you just want to get out of the noise room for a little while, you can come back to the bar and relax without having to go outside into the cold.A friend I was with had the queso burrito, and he enjoyed it.  Decent selection of good beers, too.
3	Hit the revolutionary road only if you are looking for a remarkable night atmosphere. Take a seat near the entrance if you want to enjoy a warm and redden light while admiring the lightly silvered ceiling or move further in the back for a cozy spot. You can still take a seat outside if you feel like being sociable once plunged in the dark.Well, now content wise, there is not much to blind you. Except their selection of Griffon beers the barmaid didn't not seem very cocktail savvy and her bloody Mary almost felt like an over salted soup. Moreover, there are no actual signature cocktails that would give this spot more personality. Haven't tried the food tho.Crowd wise, although I agree that the patrons a very nice and open, you won't feel too welcome if you are not part of the hipster crowd.
4	I have to say, I use to go to the Casa a lot when I was studying at Concordia University and I went there last Tuesday to see a show by local bands IN DAYS OF YORE (www.idoy.ca) and David Woll (http://davidwoll.ca/)I was pretty impressed with the design of the building. The interior design of the show room is vintage and visually appealing.  The Casa is locatied in the Mile-End just streets away from the Plateau and the terrasse is super natural with vegetation and trees inside!I highly recommand the food as well.  The sandwiches are tasty, filling and nutritious! Great combo!  And to top it all, the prices (food, shows) are way affordable for all sorts of budgets (students, young professionnals, etc.)http://www.casadelpopolo.com/
5	Casa is 2 rooms now, one is tables and couches, tasty nachos and sandwiches, zine library - a pretty, ramshackle, dim, perfect space for thinking, drinking, drawing and eating vegetarian tasty inexpensive eats. The second room is a dedicated performance venue accessible from a backside door in the resto/cafe. A perfect little venue for ~100 to cozy up to exceptional music and feel tucked away from the world. The people behind Casa also run the music venue across the street at Sala as well as a sweet space for travelers above Casa called Pensione Popolo, and they do a lot of the booking for Il Motore up on Jean Talon. They also run a festival of resistance music called Suoni Per Il Popolo that brings life-changing music into close encounters with the city. 5 stars fer sure.
3	Pretty solid in terms of a neighborhood watering hole. The drinks are very reasonably priced and they even have a decent snack menu (try the nachos).What I like the most, though, is how the show bar is separate, meaning that you don't have to pay cover or deal with bands if you don't want to. There is also a very decent terrace out back in the summer (perfect for smokers).
5	I like this place, beers are reasonably priced, bar staff are good and manage to make decent food behind the bar and serve drinks all at the same time. Music was good at times, and even when it wasn't good it was inoffensive which means you can still have a conversation. I didn't go to the venue or the terrace so can't speak on those but loved the cafe/bar.
5	I'm just in love with this place.During a recent stay in Montreal my friend and I stayed in the rooms upstairs (Pensione Popolo) and we couldn't have asked for a better experience. Not only are the rooms very nice and very inexpensive (double bed in a private room for $40/night), but the staff is super sweet.We didn't check out the venue nor can I speak to their food or coffee but we enjoyed our fair share of nightcaps in the bar and loved the atmosphere. It gets pretty packed at night but not in an intolerable way. Great place to make friends if you're passing through, lots of interesting travelers come by here.
4	I didn't try their sandwiches but I did like hanging out in this place. They had wonderful service and were lucky to be staying in an apartment right above this place. They aren't known for their cocktails so I don't recommend going to this place if you are looking for a classic negroni or old fashioned. I would say this place is a beer-only sort of place.
4	VERY affordable! Music was a bit too loud though. They had lounge-type music playing. The place is pretty dim and quite cozy!I got a hot chocolate for $2.75
3	As a bar it's pretty decent. As for the food well... If you're going to prepare ALL your food in a microwave, can you at least hide it somewhere in the back. I would also appreciate it if the waitresses could wash their hands in between handling money and preparing my nuke nachos.
5	Casa 2 rooms, and offers 2 things --- many a moons ago, this was the stomping grounds for such bands as Arcade Fire, Elephant Stone and countless other indie bands, elbow room and pints in hand is all this place could occupy max. before the fire laws were busted as well as the fact that you used to have to buy a samosa plate if you were going to buy pints of beer or glasses of booze. Time changes everything, except that they chucked the samosas, got a real license and opened basically a venue room, with only the load bearing wall in the way. But now you have two bars and people can actually move around and use the washrooms without standing on someone's coat. I've had lunch there and I would say it rivals Aux Vivres in freshness and veggie options and it's cheaper too as well as the fact the bar is open for biz. An institution in the best sense of the word.
4	This bar is an institution and rightly so. It is a cornerstone of mtl's indie music scene and a great meeting place for musicians, artists, activists, etc.. The prices are decent, the food is tasty and bonus points for rocking the vegetarianism. The place is generally super welcoming and comfortable although be advised that later in the evening/night it gets pretty crowded and loud. In the summer, they have a very charming courtyard with tables. My reason for 4 stars instead of 5: I have a friend who has gotten sick from their food a couple times which is a little scary (that being said, I have eaten there dozens of times and never had a problem and am not personally discouraged from eating there).
4	Cheap beers? Check!Good vegetarian eats? Check!Broody bartenders? Check! Weird hipsters? Check, check, and check!Casa Del Popolo is mi hogar lejos de casa (that means my home away from home for those who never studied Spanish). I go here to drink the best poured pints of St-Ambroise Blonde and to eat their nachos. Their nachos are topped with homemade salsa, homemade guacamole, sour cream and black beans. For cheese they use old cheddar cheese which really holds everything together for me. Accompanied by a beer (on Mondays and Tuesdays, they sell their pints 4$ each hence all the hipsters) it's the best late night snack. Hell, it can definitely be dinner as well! I love this place.
5	I've always loved the ambience here. Plus it has lots of good lookin' vegetarian and vegan food (and did I hear the bartender say the kitchen was open until 2:30 AM?) and $5 pints of beer. It just feels classy, with the high tin ceilings and warm colors. But then it's not too classy, either.I used to come here for shows. They've still got lots of 'em, and I bet they're fun.
4	Casa is awesome. I go here several times a month. Either to eat awesome nachos, drink cheap drinks, see a band, or listen to a friend DJ. Really cool place that is good for various times of day/week/year.I only don't like it too much on weekends as it's too packed and a younger college crowd. But otherwise, great place.
3	I like Casa, but I used to like it better when they had the pints for 4 dollar on monday and tuesday. They recently raised the prices and it's a bit of a bummer. And because the music is usually loud inside and the place packed most of the time, I'd rather go in the summer when I can sit on the patio. The food is good even if it's microwaved, especially the nachos. The place is beautiful and they have an amazing ceiling! I also love seeing live bands there, but it can be annoying if it's too crowded.
4	About as French as it gets :)Great atmosphere, better beer, good eats.Well worth a visit.THEY ARE CASH ONLY
