4	For those of us who live in the Uptown Area, this is THE place to head to pick up foods and supplies. It's a pretty standard grocery store, but it's great. They've got everything you need, which isn't all that surprising--what else would you expect from a huge store like this? Great selection of fresh produce, some of it locally grown. Incredible selection of beer and wine--usually with some great deals on both. This Harris Teeter also has a popular sandwich bar, with sandwiches made to order, that gets really crowded during lunch time (probably because it's cheap and quick, and pretty high-quality). Pretty decent grocery store sushi area, and a really good selection of meats and fish--especially the fish. Super friendly staff, too--always very helpful.
4	I also love this Harris Teeter. It's small, but the salad bar is fresh and exciting, and their soup/deli/bistro selection is top-knotch. It's a great way to break up the lunch routine, and it reminds me of grocery shopping in New York City with the little grocery stores and the parking deck. The staff is friendly and helpful, and it's always been a clean, quick, pleasant experience for me in this store. Like all the Harry Peters, it's a little overpriced,but you do get what you pay for in many ways.
4	I love this Harris Teeter. It might be a small one, but it's clean and really nice to walk around in. There's always a friendly cop at the door. Walking here from my apartment on 5th was really convenient. Definitely overpriced, but when you're picking up a few things for dinner, oh well. Their microwave meals section rocks! I always got chicken tikka masala from here for nights when I didn't want to cook dinner. Fab. Garage parking area is small but luckily I never had problems parking. I miss having a nice grocery store so close!
4	This Harris Teeter is tiny and not the best as far as prices and selection, but they have by far the best deli of any of the Harris Teeters I've been to in the area.  I'd eat a Harris Teeter sub over Subway any day of the week, and especially from this location.  Instead of squirting mayo and mustard from a bottle, one on each side, they lather it on with a knife, creating this unbelievably magical sauce that I would eat on their fresh white bread alone.  Add to it great cuts of meat and fresh veggies, and you have sandwich perfection.  However, don't come here if you're looking for a deal because its one of the more overpriced Teet's I've visited. (Which is why it lost one crucial star from me.)   But if you're in uptown and craving a good sub, this is the place to go!  Not to mention it's in fourth ward, one of the most beautiful areas of Charlotte.
5	If you live or work uptown, it's super-convenient- a short walk from any of the main office buildings along Trade or Tryon and just steps from your front door, especially in Fourth Ward.  It's smaller than regular Harris Teeters, but re: the post above about this store being similar to shopping in New York City- come on, this is way way nicer than any grocery store in NYC except maybe Whole Foods, and much larger than nearly every grocery store in NYC.ETA: The store has free Wi-Fi and places to sit (upstairs), with tables.
4	Ok.. I just moved to Charlotte, NC yesterday and I am super pumped.  I am going to Yelp about everything to help out my peoples.  First, this is a grocery store.. What are you expecting??  Groceries!!??  Oh yeah, they got that.  The price is a little high, but what do you really expect living in a semi major city?  It does have everything though.  Deli, salad bar, BEER, wine, and many many meats.  The staff was very helpful with setting me up with a VIC card.  I fully endorse this spot.. Use it!-Ian M.
3	Uptown grocery store.  Translation: sort of like a regular grocery store, but a little more wine and cheesy, and a bit of a mark-up.  I am a Trader Joe's regular, so I see myself coming here only when I need a particular brand or have to pick up party food ASAP. Deli selection was pleasing.  Blackberries looked promising, but were sour.  Eh, it could happen anywhere.
4	I don't live uptown but go to this Teet about once a week since it's so convenient to work. It's the perfect place to go when I have no idea what I want for lunch since you can get subs, soups, sushi and snacks. (yes, I like alliteration) Plus their sushi is as gourmet as you can get for supermarket sushi-whoever the new sushi prepper is is awesome, its so pretty and quite tasty and fresh. They also seem to have a cart in the back of the produce area of produce that is soon going to meet their demise for super cheap so if you are looking for last minute veggies to add to your dinner-check it out. The sub line gets a little long during the work week, especially on Tuesdays when they have $2.99 any six inch sub so I try to go before noon or after 1:30. All in all, a solid HT choice for the Uptown area!
3	In the world of Harris Teeters this one is by far the most expensive. I know this first hand as I used to live just a few blocks away in the 4th ward. And I'm sure that during my first few trips here when I loaded up the (mini) cart full of groceries that locals were probably laughing at me. Oh, silly girl, she doesn't know that this Teeter sports jacked up prices because it's the only grocery store in Uptown. Hardy har har. My grocery bills were always astronomical in comparison with similar products at other Teeters...and all other grocery stores for that matter. But, you pay for convenience at this Uptown location. Free parking, too - so that's a nice option. Well, during the past 3.5 years I've learned a few things and now when I'm Uptown and in need of a grocery item I will go here but only for a handful of items. Save money. The selection here is a bit limited (as the small is smaller), but the lunch bar isn't too shabby and the staff are pretty friendly. That goes for the rent-a-cop who usually appears near the door, too. If you're scrambling around Uptown and need a bottle of wine, a handful of apples or a frozen pizza - this Teeter fits the bill. Just don't load up your cart and snag your groceries for two weeks like I used to do!
3	Convenient if you live Uptown, but expensive.I've lived Uptown for almost three years now and have been shopping at this Harris Teeter because it's so convenient to walk down the block and pick up just enough groceries for a couple days. It's also open until 11pm - the HT in Plaza Midwood is only open until 9-ish I think - so it's good for last minute drinks or desserts. This location can get overcrowded, but I'm starting to think that's Harris Teeter's corporate strategy (not quite enough retail locations for the customer base).While most of the cashiers are friendly and the on-duty police officer is friendly, I wish it were easier to get a little customer service on the grocery floor or at the deli counter (basically anywhere outside of the checkout lane!). I really think the quality of employee at this store has suffered over the past 1 - 2 years. There are rarely employees roaming the aisles offering to help and it's near impossible to get the employees behind the deli to help you with fresh meat, cheese, or a cannoli. They'd much rather chit-chat behind the racks of bread or roast chickens. Perhaps they only like to deal with customers during the lunch sub rush? I did try to bring this concern to a manager's attention once, but he didn't offer anything to correct the situation other than an apology. He didn't even offer to go get the product I wanted but was unable to pick up (behind the deli case). Interesting, huh?I give it three stars because it IS the only grocery store Uptown within walking distance (monopoly!), so I've been unable to break free of it's clutches. Looking forward to the remodel - maybe they'll remodel their customer service expectations.
3	If it was all about  location, I'd give this Teeter 5 stars.  There isn't a supermarket even close to this location!  That being said, I find their items to be overpriced and it is much, much smaller than any other Harris Teeter I've been to.  If you want to grab a sub during lunch hours - good luck!  All the uptown businesses in the vicinity are out on lunch at roughly the same hour and the last time I visited at 12:30, there were literally 14 people on line with 2 sandwich makers. They are currently renovating.  I do appreciate that there is a lot more room when you walk in.  I hated that everything was so close together in the produce isle!  I am also grateful that there is a parking lot that is totally free!   This Teeter serves its purpose, but I'd rather drive a bit further to a supermarket with better prices and a bigger selection.  In a crunch, I couldn't live without it!
4	I was in Charlotte for the weekend and wanted a grocery store specifically so I could buy a can of Cafe Du Monde (which I've never seen sold in LA).  I stopped at two grocery stores that did not carry it before I came to this Harris Teeter.  The parking lot was easy to get in and out of and I had not problems getting a good spot.  The young lady that checked me out was very friendly.
3	HT prices suck overall and I have seen better produce on the sidewalk next to a late night taco truck.  But this location is fabulous being right uptown and super convenient for us city folks.  It was just renovated a little to cram more stuff in which is good because if you cook a lot like me, you need variety!You can park in the lot outside for free but there are only 3 or so spaces.  It is easier to park in the parking garage on Pine under the building.  Be careful of the spots there tho since only some are marked for the HT.   The beautiful people shop here that live in Fifth and Poplar so dont forget to wear makeup and leave the curlers at home!!!
3	Hopefully with the recent improvements there will be more options. If you need deli meat practice your patience!!!! Slow slow slow
4	After consulting Yelp before visiting, I expected the prices at this Harris Teeter to be much higher than the other locations.  I was quite surprised to find that all the specials and daily low priced items like eggs and peanuts and HT brand cereal are no different than any of the other locations.  HT is not a cheap grocery store, but if you look for sale items you can find plenty of good deals.  I never buy the regularly priced items anyways so I haven't noticed any difference at least.The location is superb, I can get my groceries via walking or bike, which is something that is certainly rare in Charlotte.  I wish it was open later than 11pm since I don't get out of work until 10pm though.One problem is that because this store occupies a smaller footprint, there are some items that are conspicuously missing.  I just wish they had the knock-off HT brand of Kashi cereals here!
5	Great store,  buffet is bad old food, but the sandwichs and pizza and selection is great
3	Nice, convenient location in uptown. I went in just to see what the deals were and what was in the pre-made entrees section of the store. There was a pretty good selection but nothing that really grabbed my attention so I walked out and went to a more appetite appeasing restaurant.
3	Uptown's sole grocery store. Convenient if you just need a couple things, but don't fill up your buggy. It's pricey (even for the Teeter world) and the selection is a bit limited.If you're in hurry, it's a great place to grab a quick meal. Salad bar, Chinese buffet, sub and pizza station. A lot of options for pre-made meals.There's also a "cop" who stands at the stairs near the door to watch you shop.One big bonus: I swear, there are more beautiful people who frequent this store than any other bar/restaurant/venue in this city. I've told Rich at Rockhouse Events several times he should figure out how to throw an event here. Every trip I make to this store I curse myself for not wearing make up... and for wearing pajamas.Also, the guys who work the meat/seafood counter are all really nice and helpful. Overall, a great place if you're hurrying and need something. But if you're looking to stock your pantry and fridge... I recommend leaving the 277 loop.
4	It's a Harris Teeter, so it's pretty awesome, but it's in Uptown, so parking stinks.
3	I've always known this was here, but since I don't live uptown I haven't had much cause to go inside. However the other day I got sent on a mission from work to pick up a cake and, I must say, I'm impressed. I've heard from my city-dwelling friends that it was small and didn't carry everything they needed, which I suppose if you compare it to a regular HT is true. But mainly, I just see it as an elaborate drugstore, for people who just need to run out really quick and get one or two things. I mean, the whole front third of the store is wine, candy, cigarettes, and cold medicine. I think that tells you what to expect right there. For all intents and purposes, you're A-OK, uptown Harris Teeter. Glad to know you're around.
4	Maybe I'm excited by this location because I frequent it often for junk food and other odd assortments, but I have no complaints about it at all. I don't use it as my primary grocery store, so maybe that's why some people aren't as happy about it, but between my breakfast and lunch binges I enjoy this location immensely. They have free samples daily and I realized that Jarlsberg cheese is freakin amazing, so that in itself is worth it for me!! But on a serious note, this spot is fantastic for lunch because of the salad bar, Chinese bar and the soup. I order stuff from here pretty often and then I take it upstairs.What? Upstairs?? you ask... WHY YES!!! When you come in the front of the store, you will see a set of stairs to your left. It takes you up to the wine section. Well in that little wine section is a set of tables and some bar seating that overlooks the store. (Not bar as in alcohol...) It's actually interesting to sit up here for an hour just to people watch and listen to the music that they play. They have everything and more that I could possibly want and they probably get a pretty hefty portion of my pay check... If you don't want the hustle and bustle of the restaurants, go upstairs to eat your lunch at HT. You'll feel more relaxed and ready to return to the office!
2	I don't want to be objective and levelheaded in this review. I don't want to look at the store in its totality and review fairly. I'm so tired of intelligence-insulting prices, particularly for produce ($3 FOR A NON-ORGANIC TOMATO?!?!) I want to rouse the proletariat and storm the place like the damn Bastille, pitchforks, torches and all. I wonder if IKEA sells guillotines.But no, if I'm to be fair I must recognize that without this Harris-Teeter, I'd be pretty screwed. Since I live uptown and don't drive I'd have to catch a bus or the LYNX for even basic groceries. (Obligatory: Ain't nobody got time for that!) And like all H-T locations, their VIC specials are numerous enough that much of your shopping list will likely be on sale. The trick is this: Abandon all brand loyalty, ye who enter here. You may notice that these VIC specials aren't really deals at all. They just bring the prices down to what they normally are elsewhere. This trickery will probably infuriate you. Take a deep breath and push that rage-ball deep down inside. After all, that eggplant cost you $2.79 instead of $3. How generous of them!It's strange. There are some deals that lead me to believe they occasionally feel a pang of guilt for their usual greed. Once in a while they'll do a buy 2 get 3 free deal that's fantastic. Sometimes it's obviously to shift nearly expired stuff, but not always. And they do sell shoulder lamb chops cheaper than you'll find anywhere. Credit where credit's due. Finally, if you can resign yourself to sacrifice freshness for savings the H-T brand of frozen vegetables are decent and a good value. But frozen is never as good as fresh. "What about 7th Street Public Market", you say? Please! Given their meager hours of operation, I'm convinced they run that place more as a trendy hobby than to actually provide goods in exchange for profit. So Harris-Teeter remains a lifesaver for car-free uptown residents. Still, I don't appreciate that H-T has uptown by the balls and seems all too happy to take full advantage of it.
4	Great place to pop in for an easy lunch. This is a smaller-sized HT and I typically only use it for a convenient lunch. Starting at 11am there is a salad bar and Asian hot bar where you just grab a container and fill it up. $5.99 a pound for the salad, $7.99 a pound for the hot bar - good prices for a Harris Teeter, that's for sure. There is also fruit and dessert squares at the end of the bar as well if you are looking for a nice finish to your meal. You can also grab a sub for lunch and choose your toppings - be sure to check out the daily special to grab a 6 inch on the cheap. They can also do full pizzas or single slices. I've never tried the pizza here so not sure of the quality but know they have good pizza specials on Mondays. Both the Asian bar and salad bar are great though and was surprised at how delicious the hot bar was - the items switch up throughout the week as well so you can typically always find something new to try if you go more than once a week. I sometimes swing over to the cold case as well and grab a side dish or maybe even a sushi roll... love that sushi chefs are creating the rolls on sight and you can peek over and watch them. And hey, it's no Cowfish or Ru Sans but never expected it to be and give the sushi top notches here. I typically don't do my shopping at HT due to the higher prices but love that I can find flavors of brands at HT that I can't find elsewhere and applaud this location for the tasty lunch options!
3	Convienence.  Living uptown, this is what this HT location is all about.  Especially if you are within walking distance.  I will add also that the parking isn't horrible but it's pretty tight spacing and our SUV is a little hard to maneuver in there if it's slightly crowded.  The offer kind of an express store here, although I've never not found what I needed I know that it isn't stocked like the bigger locations.  It has a deli and a hot buffet with pizza, etc. if you were to pop in for a quick lunch.  Everything in here is compact so it can feel pretty cramped during your shopping and also during checkout.  While it's an efficient design you can't avoid the smaller feel of the place.
4	Knowing I would be having a late day in the office I decided to take care of a few grocery items during my lunch break. So, with the weather being nice out I headed on my 1st adventure to the uptown Harris Teeter.  Upon my arrival I was impressed that it was fully stocked with employees ready to serve you.  Being a different location than my usual, and also on a hunt for something I am making for a party, I chose to ask the HT employee for assistance. Not only did she tell me what aisle the product was in, she went with me and explained how she had used it.  I finished my list and was greeted at the register where they double bagged my items and I was off.  Very impressed with the options, cleanliness, and service I received.  I will be sure to remember HT when I don't want to deal with stopping on my way home from work.  Now, the only thing to remember is if you put anything in your office fridge, don't forget it!
1	From the north and looking for a good grocery store?  Stop wasting your time.  There is a grocery store where I grew up in NY called Wegmans and it is continuously voted #1 in the country every year, and not by a hair, it's a long shot.  So, I am not holding Harris Teeter to the same standard, but HT is terrible by any standard.  I don't know if it's the lack of food diversity in the south or HT's fault, but I have a difficult time finding many ingredients I need for cooking at home.  The prices here are higher than those of Wegmans in NY...that's right, higher than the #1 food store in the country in one of the most expensive states in the country.  The prepared foods section at HT is awful.  There are no decent hot meals; terrible taste and variety.  The bakery is no good either.  I have bought 4 different pies and returned them all.  Visit a NY bakery and learn what good is.  Deli?  Forget about it!  The standard is far below what it should be here.  I think the corporate QC people of this company need to visit some other high rated grocers around the country to learn where they're lacking.  Food Lion and Bi Lo are crap and pretend to be nothing better.  The annoying part about HT is that they charge out the roof and anyone who has never left Charlotte thinks this is the greatest place on earth.  And one last thing, what the heck is with the check outs?  They're backwards!  You hand your cart to the checkout person, they slowly unload it, the bag dispenser is on the rotating track the groceries are supposed to be on, while you're waiting to pay there is a checkout person 2 feet behind you unloading a cart and bumping into you, and you're left feeling like you just fell into an episode of the twilight zone.  The only thing I dislike about Charlotte (besides terrible drivers) is the lack of quality food and grocers.  I wish a better grocer would merge or buy HT.  Better yet, I wish a better grocer would move to Charlotte and kill HT in market share.  If you follow commercial real estate, you'll notice that HT buys prime locations where competitors make locate, and sits on them.  This is their tactic.  Don't compete in the market on quality, put up barriers to entry.  Scum bags.
4	Fantastic! Quick morning grocery run on the way to work uptown. No hassle and the parking deck ROCKS when it's raining. Great salad bar and fruit is so satisfying every time.
2	Not your typcial Harris Teeter- It is very small and has limited items. It is good if you need a quick fix on milk, butter, eggs. But if your looking to do some serious shopping I would recommend going to another the Teeter on East Blvd. They have fresher produce and meat/fish
1	Highly unimpressed with HT, this store in particular.  Unfortunately it's the closest grocer to where I live, hence my go-to for any immediate needs.Customer service is slow and indifferent, all staff of the automaton ilk.  I view the HT employee culture a throwback to the Winn Dixies and Piggly Wigglys of the 20th century South.  At checkout the same routinized questions conveyed with indifference, no eye contact and most surely, only with management's prodding.  HT competitors like Whole Foods or Trader Joes or Earth Fare seemingly encourage their employees to engage in much more personal (and real) interactions.Don't buy anything from the deli.  It's not airplane food but it's not quality either.  And I don't even want to know the sodium level.HT downtown should be viewed only as a convenience outlet.
1	Highway robbery! Goodness this place is expensive! I'm used to plenty of grocery store options in Downtown Chicago and prices not much different away from Downtown. What's up with this place?I had to walk here to buy an array of fruits for an office I was contracting at. Almost $3 per apple! Not even organic. That's just bad business.
5	I'm not sure about why people complain about the pricesAt HT?  Publix subs are a dollar more and not as good. If you are a VIP member you get all kinds of great weekly deals like 1.77 eggs!  This is a great little store in uptown with free garage parking (up to 90 minutes) and a giant amount of wine for the space.  The only issue I have is because of the multiple entrances, there are multiple register areas creating flow issues and confusion.  If you live West of 77 I recommend this HT over the BiLo off Freedom.
4	Went with the children on a recent class trip. Nice time to go, tickets were cheaper with the group. Kids enjoyed seeing all the animals and had a great time. Be prepared to walk, lots of shady areas. Wish there had been more shady areas to eat. It was a hot day and trying to relax and have lunch was difficult. Felt bad for the "special needs" children who had to sit in the hot sun. Bring your own food, it saves time, no lines, and is much healthier. $15 parking wow!, I probably would not go back unless it was another group trip Harris Teeter.
