1	Worst service I've ever received at White House Black Market stores across the country. "Suzy" and "Cory" gave me an attitude because I wanted to exchange 3 articles of clothes that I purchased at FULL price in Feb. I didn't want my money back or even the difference all I wanted was a smaller size since I recently had a baby and lost some weight. I checked the receipt before driving 40 minutes to the outlet and it did not say anything about exchanges only about returns. As a Black Book member I've spent thousands of dollars at the other WHBM locations. Never again will I shop at any of these stores. If I wanted to be treated like my $ didn't matter then I would have gone to the local mall. Poor cashier Lena was so nervous and embarrassed it took her almost 30 minutes to process a simple size exchange. Don't waste your time or money here. Better service at the other outlets.
4	I have always been a fan of Black House White Market. This was my second time to visit this location. The store is organized with merchandise neatly in order. Since it is an outlet store there are plenty of great savings throughout the store. They don't have as much variety of shoes and accessories like the main stores but they have plenty of clothes.The only downfall about this location is the customer service. I was in the store for 9 minutes I was not greeted or asked if I needed help. No one talked to me. The store was not busy and there was only one other customer in the store. The sales employees just looked at me. Very odd service as the main locations are very outgoing and always greet you then follow up on mentioning any sales.
2	I completely agree with Carrie. I was in this store at the tanger outlets today having been to their other location at the Biltmore and was very displeased. No one greeted me, asked if I needed help, if I needed to try on or anything! I might have well been invisible. Originally I thought it was because  I am a younger consumer and often associates don't think we are there to spend but I was prepared to buy! I bought one shirt but might have bought more had I not been eager to leave because of the lack of customer service. Most of the women working looked older like it was just a part time job to be out of the house. Either way I was not pleased. HOWEVER, the Biltmore location was a completely satisfying experience and I didn't even buy anything that day. The girls were extremely friendly and made conversation outside of what I was shopping for. So if you wish to shop this retailer I advise that location is best.
