5	I found this company on Craigslist and the owner, Jimmy, answered all of my questions promptly and professionally.He came out as soon as I requested, was on time and gave me the bid. He worked within my budget and built the requested decorative courtyard gate pretty much overnight! I never felt pressured and he was so affordable for this type of custom iron work!! The end result of my gate was very high quality and he was professional and friendly. In fact, when I went to pay my bill upon completion, he didnt have the change for my cash and he took less than his bid just to make it easy for me. Super nice guy! Excellent Quality work!Highly recommend!
5	Had a great experience with this company today. They came out quickly and had the work done by the end of the day. It looks great and the price was better than I had expected.
5	Can't say enough good things about TNP- I called for an emergency gate (creepers in the back alley) and Jim came out within an hour of my call to give me an estimate- Received an estimate within 20 minutes after we talked about my security and design needs- I was given an ETA of 3 days - he came out a day early with a helper and they had beautiful composite wood gates for the back and side of my fortress installed within an hourNot only did all this awesome stuff happen, but he also noticed that my front door lock was not working properly and offered to install one for me. Professional, on time (early, actually), and easy to work with for a reasonable price. What more could I ask for? Highly recommended!
5	Highly Recommend this company!!!  Just had this company fix my side gate into my backyard...Called and talked to Jimmy at 10:00am and he said he would come right over...he checked it out called me, gave me a great rate on the repair and did the job immediately!! He was done by noon, and my gate is PERFECT!!
5	Called and spoke with Jim and told him of my problem with my self closing gate. He knew exactly what the problem was, came out to my house and repaired the gate and installed the new spring and it works like new!!!  His prices were excellent and workmanship was  awesome. Highly recommended!!
5	Wow,  in 10 years in the Phoenix area, have never had such a great, low hassle experience . Tnp replaced our side gate.  They showed up on time for both the measure and install.  The price was the best from all the places I called and it looks great.  Really appreciated their great service and quality!
3	ANOTHER UPDATE (October 2014)-After reading my last review Jimmy contacted me to tend to the gate that  could not open or close. He apologized for not returning my calls and apparently he was out of town and somewhere along the way the messages were not retrieved. This can happen to the best businesses.He did repaint my gate and tweaked the hinges and latch so that it now closes properly and efficiently.He also told me that after my job he has severed ties with Campbell Contracting due to their shoddy work and poor business practices. I have tried many times to review Campbell on Yelp but for some reason Yelp has failed to post my reviews. Any emails to Yelp for assistance on the review have been ignored.I am updating my review mostly because of the problems I experienced after receiving my gate and writing my original review.When I contacted Jimmy for my gate, I told him that I wanted a low wall around my pool with which to hang my gate from. He bid the job, subbed out the block work to Campbell Contracting who proceeded to do shoddy work and never finish the job.Because of this, the gate that Jimmy made doesnt close correctly and he has never returned my calls for repair.The gate isnt bad, although after a year it drips rust all over my pavers and only has the decorative swirls on one side (which I found odd). It doesnt open/close correctly or with ease either.I thought Jimmy was a good guy but him and Campbell Contracting just kept blaming each other for the problems and in the end I got shoddy work with nobody willing to fix the problems.
1	We called TNP to replace two gates in our yard. Jimmy showed up on time, and the work was done quickly. He made gates very similar to a photo I chose off the internet, and they were installed very quickly. That's where the positive experience ended. Our front gate is hung crooked. When my husband pointed this out to him, he stated that it's because the wall that it attaches to isn't level. That may be the case, but being as we aren't the experts, I'd prefer to have the expert point that out to us while doing the work, rather than us discover it and feel like something is being hidden from us.The back gate was obviously not measured for properly, and there is a 5.5" gap between the ground and the bottom gate. Our two small dogs can easily squeeze under this gap so now we have some lovely bricks underneath our brand new gate to keep that from happening. To pay a good amount of money for 2 gates that aren't secure now and aren't level is SUCH a waste of money. We asked him to come out to fix at least the back gate, which instead of him remeasuring and making a correct-sized gate meant cutting the frame and moving the gate down (not my idea of making the job right), but he never showed up on the scheduled day. Didn't call either. It's very disappointing that most contractors don't put pride into their work, and seem to get away with taking your money for a shoddy job.
5	Jim did a great job with our new gate. Good price and completed within a week from estimate.
