3	Prices are great and the selection has gotten a lot better over the years.  Produce is still disgusting; expect mold, rotting, and/or insects if you make the mistake of getting "fresh" fruits and veggies here.A good place for groceries if you're willing to make a second trip to Schnucks or Meijer for produce.
3	This is a completely serviceable grocery store. It is not a supermarket. Thus, it does not have an extensive beauty/pharmacy section or a shitlload of greeting cards, seasonal decorations, or all the random crap that somehow fills up 5 aisles at Schnucks. They sell food. The fact that their store is not ridiculously huge is actually kinda nice, as you can get in and out faster. If you are a conscientious consumer, consider this as a first stop for groceries before bowing to the pressures of the corporate machine (County Market is a progressive, employee-owned local chain of stores).It is very true that their produce is hit-and-miss. I do not agree that it is consistently bad, however. I think that as far as local foods go, like corn, tomatoes and other vegetables in season, it is FAR better than the national chain stores in town, Meijer, Schnucks, and Wal-Mart. They have a large meat section and all the expected stuff. The seafood section is not very big, but they often have a very good deal or two, like Shark or Yellowfin Tuna for $5-6 per pound.The cashiers are friendly, and will recognize you if you are a regular. Their booze section is pretty good with a decent selection and fair prices, and is open long hours. They have a lot of craft/import beers, but they're not Friar Tuck's. Do not expect to find really good wines or ultra-premium liquors, either, but for 99% of your sauce needs you'll be fine.
1	This store has an expired food problem. On two separate occasions, I stumbled upon really expired food. One was a package of bacon, and I didn't see anyone around, so I pulled it out, and left it there with the big bold expiration date face up, and when I went back the next day, it was put back on the food rack. The other time I was shopping for soup, and I knew to make sure the food was not expired based on my previous experience with this store. 3 different types of soup that I happened to pick up were expired, the oldest on being a container of campbell's soup that expired December 2012. The current month and year is October 2013, so for 10 or so months they didn't check these containers of soup. Gross.Also, both the bacon and the packages of soup were on sale. That seems like quite a coincidence. Does County Market know these things are expired and do they put these expired items on sale knowingly because they do not want to pay for the loss themselves and want to then put it onto their shoppers?
2	Store review:In my short time in Champaign, I still can't make up my mind about county market. The stores vary in size and quality of food that can be purchased. Since I have been only to 3 so far this is on average ground. The store is a bit larger than the other ones, but it appears to have a low turn around so the food does not appear as fresh. There is a discount 1 dollar bin as well. All and all I think I will have to go to the other county market on kirby which has the carribou. That is the best location so far.Pros: occasionally good sales, closer than meijerCons: smaller store, not as fresh as other locationHidden deals:Sign up for max card mall which is a card that earns points toward gift cards. You can also select online coupons to load to your card from the website.
2	Incredibly depressing store.  I get the feeling that it preys on a 'food desert" mentality, taking advantage of people in the neighborhood who don't have a car to drive to Schnucks or Meijer.  I bought two items.  Both were overpriced to begin with and wound up ringing up for even higher amounts at the register.   I won't be back anytime soon.
