4	Five Points Artisan Bakery opened their doors yesterday, and I am quite impressed.  They are on the same block as the 67/69 bus stops, and it's going to be very hard to just walk past the bakery every morning.  I like that there is now somewhere closer to my apartment for baked goods!The owners today were very friendly, and while the selection is currently small, they conveyed that this is temporary.  There were still many interesting breads to chose from and a few flavors of scones.  I believe there was also coffee and tea.  I ordered a sour cream cranberry coffee cake muffin ($2.50).  For the size, I thought the bakery was a little pricey, as there are a lot of cheaper bakeries in the area.  However, the quality was great.  It will be interesting to see the complete selection as time goes on.  I'm still partial to Allegro Hearth because the prices are lower, and they have the bread card for discounts.  But I think Five Points has so much potential.  An article that was published a few months ago said they were hoping to make pizzas, and I REALLY hope they do that!Overall, I'm excited to watch this business grow.  Good luck, Five Points Owners!
5	This place just opened right across the street from my house which is awesome (or terrible for my health).  They are next to a small gym too so I supposed you could have a pastry then work it off right after ;) They just opened a week or so ago so their selection is currently a little limited but what they had there appeared of high quality, including a selection of pastries, fresh breads (including french baguettes), cookies, and quiche.  They said they would start to offer a couple of sandwiches soon too and they also had brewed coffee (but no espresso options I could see). There is a small seating area available inside.  The person who helped me (maybe the owner?) was very friendly and happy to tell me about all his offerings and they had a couple things out to sample.  I'd probably give them 4 stars for the limited offerings but since they just opened and are working on expanding I'll give them 5 stars for now and I'll definitely be checking back later!
4	This place has great quality stuff. I think it might be better than Allegro Hearth Bakery, and the products are a lot more appropriate for everyday than Gaby et Jules's fancy desserts and macarons. So, I'll be back.I've been there twice, and I had a mushroom quiche ($3.50), an onion, chevre, and pear focaccia tart ($4.50), and a smallish baguette ($2.00).My only complaint: they don't post the prices! Their online menu shows only the special-order items, not the everyday one-offs that you can find in the shop. So, if you want to know how much you're spending, you have to ask the cashier about each item individually. I guess I don't mind doing that but many people find it pretty awkward.
5	Been going here since it opened. Lovely place with easy parking access. Everything i've ordered has been delicious. Originally, the options were limited as they were starting. But as I keep going back, happy to see the variety is expanding with their business. A great local spot that serves high quality baked goods.
5	Welcome to the neighborhood!
