5	I've been meaning to write this review from the moment I walked in that bar a few years ago...I was new to the south west area of town and generally I don't go into a bar unless I know someone that works there...I heard a thing or two about "Sago's" (it's said "SAY-GOES", for the record) from a few coworkers and figured I'd check the place out. I pulled into the very easily accessible parking lot, walked inside and grabbed a seat. I had never been there before so I wasn't quite sure what to expect. I walked in, grabbed a seat in the middle of the bar, and within a minute of me sitting down, one of the bartenders came over and greeted me right away, she introduced herself as Heather, and took my drink order. I put a $20 into the machine, and she then began telling me about all their wonderful gaming promotions they had going on. Generally, in Vegas, I've found that if you walk into a bar for the first time and aren't a regular, or aren't with a regular, you get the cold shoulder. That was not the case at all with Sagos. I was about halfway done with my first cocktail, and Heather asked if I wanted another one, then presented me with a food menu if I was hungry. I'll get into the menu and great food in a bit. The bar was pretty steady, and they had two bartenders on. I personally loved that because it seemed as though everyone was taken care of. As I was looking over the menu, the male bartender, came over, introduced himself as Aaron, and asked to take my food order. I wasn't sure what I wanted to eat...there is so much on the menu, wings, fingers, fries, quesadilla's, nachos, salads...tacos, burgers...pasta...sandwiches, wraps...so much to choose from...Aaron threw out a couple of suggestions, then I finally decided to order the "Western Bacon Chipotle Cheese Burger" He let me know the food is made to order, so it'd be about a 10-12 minute wait. He refilled my drink and wished me a little luck on my 4 card keno....before I knew it, the food was out and I was eating the best burger ever. Seriously...it's my absolute favorite. The burger was amazing...thick burger, with cheese, topped with a giant onion ring and Chipotle BBQ sauce.... Both Aaron and Heather came around a few times to refill my drink, make sure I was doing ok with the food and everything else. Things couldn't have been better....after a bit, it was time for me to venture home. Aaron and Heather did an excellent job of making me feel at home and just like a regular. Needless to say, I made Sago's the only bar I ever set foot into for the entire time I lived in the south west. I've since moved to Henderson, and seldom stop into Sago's, however when I do show up there, the service is as great as it was the first time I stopped in there. If you're looking for a place to go in the south west area of town, Sago's is definitely the spot.
5	Excellent service everyone makes it a point to make sure you are taken care of. The owners are always involved day and night. All and all is a well oiled machine. Gambler's bonus is a plus here and they do extra promotions on the side of their normal gamblers bonus here. People this is the perfect place to get your "Norm" on (play on cheers t.v. series). All joking aside, great music, atmosphere, food and service. I have lived in Las Vegas going on 12 years and have allegedly visited almost every nook and crany in the Valley. Far East to far West at least. This has to be the best spot I have found and actually enjoy my time off here. Congrats to the bar and grill staff for showing such precedence. Just remember to pronounce the place correctly (say goes) and you'll fit right in. I believe it's been named after the wonderful everlasting sago palm also know as a wonderful house plant (cycads). Some people classify it is a cactus. Have good times at Sagos Bar and Grill! Enjoy!!http://www.facebook.com/?ref=home#!/SAGOSBARhttp://www.sagosbar.com/
5	From your first visit to your last, you may never remember if the food at Sago's is any good or not - although you feel assured that f it was not good, you would have noticed. What you do notice, and will notice every time to walk into this place, is the best service you will find in all of Las Vegas. Even as Sin City suffers more than most from a global recession, it is refreshing to see there are still places where a person can be made to feel welcome. Go there often enough and you just may be brought to tears as your name gets called out in the warmest of greetings as you enter the door.
5	Good food & great bartenders!! Aliesha is my fav! She's the most fun!! =)Friday ladies nite, ladies drink 4 FREE!! Plus more great promos!
5	A new benchmark has been set for pubs in Las Vegas. In my initial review, I praised the amazing service and exceptionally friendly atmosphere of this hidden little gem on the western edge of town, but I also mentioned that the food was nothing to get excited about.Well that has all changed with Sagos new menu. I have two words - GREAT JOB!Moving the menu closer to the restaurants Baja theme, management has introduced a completely new menu filled with some great selections like fish and shrimp tacos, homemade pizza, a delicious chicken avocado sandwich, a new twist on the BLT with a tomato jelly that rocks and much more.If you go, and you will, you have to try the Ceviche - cradled in what looked like a sea-shell shaped crisp flour tortilla, the taste is fabulous and the serving size to price ratio will fill you up but still make you want to order another.Way to go Sagos, you guys have hit all the marks now - great food, great service, great atmosphere. I'll be there - soon.
4	Good.
4	Very good. Strongly, strongly recommend the breakfast burrito. Very strongly. And if you like it spicy, add the hot sauce!
3	It was OK. NO ONE UNDER 21 ALLOWED!! The fish tacos were delicious!!! I had the jalapeno burger not so good. The waitress was very attentive, good atmosphere. It would be great around football season. HUGE FLAT SCREENS IN THE DINING ROOM!!
4	Had lunch with my brother today.  He had steak and eggs and I had the chicken fajitas with a side of fries.  My brother really enjoyed the steak and I loved the fajitas plus the fries were really good.  Our server was very sweet and nice and never had to wait for service.The only reason that they did not receive a 5 was the crappy Direc TV they had for college football viewing.  If they could get Cox TV then it is an easy 5 stars.Other than the TV, great place to eat with great food.
4	Nice work girls (and guys), the service behind the bar is truly first rate. I truly can't say enough about the service, everyone is friendly and prompt; they are on their game.I've had the Tacos, which were really good and the Ceveche (sp.) which was just ok for me, but I'm no authority on it either, so take that into consideration...Overall the place is clean and inviting, the new machines are a nice touch too...Check it out and tell me I'm wrong about the service.
4	I stopped in here to sample their menu at lunchtime--mostly because they had a Groupon Now! promo, and also because I've passed this place quite a few times while driving around--and was surprised to find this place.The place doesn't look that spacious on the outside, but when you walk in, there's a bar area complete with tvs, as well as another room where there are projection screens and even more tables.  The tv setup at the bar has 3 flat screens on one side, and 3 flat screens on the other side.  In the other area with tables and projection screens, there are three flat screens framing each side of one o the projection screens, so that there are 6 tvs framing a single screen.  After looking around, I ended up sitting in the bar area, since that's where all of the patrons were hanging out.  I debated about sitting at a table, but realized that I'd probably get faster service by sitting at the bar.  It seemed to be a pretty happening place for lunchtime--roughly 12 people and one friendly bartender.  The majority of the patrons were playing on the video poker/blackjack machines, drinking, smoking, or watching tv, while there was only one other person eating something. It took me a few minutes to figure out what to get, but I finally decided to go with the fish tacos.  They were three tiny ones, made of cod, with a salsa and other sauce drizzled on top, sitting on a bed of greens and flour tortillas.  Pretty tasty and the sauce wasn't too overpowering and they seemed to put just the right amount on the tacos.  Next time, though, I'm gonna have to get the steak or ceviche...decisions, decisions.  To be honest, for the prices that they offered and the selection/variety (given the type of establishment), I was pretty impressed.I've yet to find a place that bears any resemblance to Cheers ("where everybody knows your name"), and this place seems to be it.  I think that I was one of two people that the bartender didn't know on a first-name basis.  There are quite a few regulars that come here, and I must say that if I find myself in the area again, I'm definitely willing to try out more of their menu.  The only reason that I had to deduct a star was due to the service.  I would have given this place 3.5 stars, but unfortunately can't give a 1/2 star, so I rounded up.  Yes, I realize that I didn't walk into a restaurant (it's a bar/pub), but then again I do appreciate good service--not being ignored and attentiveness.
5	found this place on restaurant.com and have been there five times in the past 3 months.  stopped in three times for their MNF special, sitting in the restaurant side.  Stacia broke it down well.  $10 for girls is a STEAL!!!  $25 for guys is also a really good deal.  i really like the hotiyaki (sp?) wings.  the servers never let our drinks get empty and made sure we had food when we wanted it.  very friendly and attentive.  and i always won something in the raffle!  ok, they have quite a few items and not a million people with tickets, so my odds were good. :)the other times we just was at the bar and ordered food.  the nachos were a hit.  service again was great and very friendly.i wish i lived within staggering distance of Sagos! good food with great prices,  atmosphere and service!
5	I went there for the first time because of my fantasy football draft. I was shocked at how amazing this place was. First off I fell in love because they actually put our draft up on their 12,000 inch big screen.  (Seriously I don't know how big it is, but it's the biggest TV I've ever seen.) Next was the food. Delicious! Staff was super cool and the over all decor was fun. Didn't have that depressing bar feel like so many in Vegas do. It is now apart of my regular routine.
5	I was first introduced to here from our Flag Football League.  Been here a few times since.  Great place.  Service from Amber, Heather and Aleisha are always top notch.  We have been back a few times.  Food is great as well.
5	We don't really drink, and bars are not our normal dining out picks - so us going here was a bit out of our norm.I wanted fish tacos and the reviews on here drew me in. We braved the potential noise and smoke so I could have fish tacos  (my boyfriend is the best!)We sat in the dining room (all alone) and the waitress/bartender seemed confused as why we didn't want to sit in the bar area and a little put out, but we didn't dwell on it.Well...in addition to the fish tacos (the menu said it came with only 2) we decided to get Carne Asada Nachos.I barely remember the tacos.The nachos stole the show. Wiped everything else about the place out of my memory.Carne Asada, a spicy chipotle sauce, regular shredded cheese AND a nacho type cheese sauce.  All on one plate.  There were beans on the bottom, and some chips to work as cheese vessels into my mouth. I am normally not huge on verbal praise when eating out, as I am pretty shy.  The guy who brought out our food, was clearly the cook, so I was gushing over my nachos to him when he came to take the plate back.Since I went for fish tacos, I should review them too  ;)I was unaware they weren't fried fish tacos, which is what I prefer and really only order.They were good, but I missed the crunch of fried.  There was also a lot of cilantro and onions, and even with scraping it off, I couldn't get the cilantro taste off.-  On another note, they don't have lemonade.  Which I find sad  :(----On another another note....We went back a week later, because I was still unable to get carne asada nachos out of my head.  They were still delicious, but had been made by someone else, somehow they were not nearly as good.  i would get them a 4/5 on my second visit.  But the first visit, the nachos were a 10/5, so they are still great.   No idea who the master nacho maker is, but you want him to make them!
1	Never been impressed. The service is hit or miss, and better food can be found elsewhere.
3	It was good(ish) until we got the bill. We had 4 Corona Lights, and two orders of tacos. The fish tacos were OK. I played $20, max play in the machine and they only comped 1 beer. For $20 in? The beer tender was slow, very friendly and had huge boobs, that's great for a first date but didn't save the place. Ya know, We are seeing a lot of this: Places hire ONLY cute girls with big boobs to bring in dudes but you don't always get the best talent. Also this place is about as far outta town as you can get and it's not open 24 hours, so unless it's your local bar, don't make the trip.
3	If a bar offers match play, we're there.  The reviews certainly didn't hurt the place either.  They had a "text and receive $20 match play" but they informed us it took 24 hours to put it on a player's card so we would get it the next time we came.  That's a lock for repeat business.  We also had a restaurant.com coupon but it wasn't necessary during happy hour since all drinks were $2 and appetizers were half off.  Everything is full price if you use the coupon.  We ended up ordering chicken fingers, chicken fajitas and the carne asada tacos.  Everything was just OK.  I didn't really like the tacos since the salsa was already put on them and the beef was kinda cold.Wednesday night was insane.  All the regulars were there for the video poker drawings they do so if you're planning to play, avoid Wednesday between 5pm and 8:30pm.  You will not get a seat at the bar.  The staff was friendly and attentive.   Went back again last week on a Tuesday to redeem the free play and got a plate of the carne asada nachos which were better than what we ate before.  All the patrons sure love their slots and everyone knows everyone else for the most part.  The restaurant area was dead both times but I imagine it would be packed for certain sports events since the TV's are decent.  The football deals sound sweet so maybe we'll try that in the fall.  They also just sent us another $20 match play in the mail along with a bogo entree coupon for signing up for their slot club.  I guess we're going back!
3	At full price I don't think I'd eat here - but I had a Groupon. During happy hour, appetizers are half off - and that helps too. This restaurant isn't acutely bad, it just misses the mark.Ordered the strangest nachos I've ever had, topped with shredded cheese, Cheez Whiz and this strange chipotle sauce (maybe a sour cream base?) that rendered most of the chips a sloppy, soggy mess.Also ordered a grilled chicken Caesar. That was disappointing - the chicken breast was bland and the dressing was almost nonexistent.
4	So we went back and like we say on our show "always give a place a second chance". Before we reviewed this joint on episode 71 we had to go back and wow we had a waaaaay better experience than our first visit. As with many places, you go on an off day and you have an off time. Our full review is up and I have to ad a star.The girls are still smoking hot but this time they were on their game. We recommend the nachos. Oh and they have Wi-Fi, we'd go again whenever we are in the area.
4	HUGE TV'sGreat for watching sports. And I must say the FOOD is exceptional especially for bar food. I can't stay away from the grilled fish tacos.If you gamble the comp your drinks and if you gamble enough they'll comp your food.Definitely a locals place, definitely a neighborhood bar, and def beach clothes casual.I also think they are open all night or damn near close to it.
5	Really good happy hour deals.  The wings are awesome.   It's a nice atmosphere with friendly staff and a whole lot of TVs.   I would definitely recommend it.
5	This tropical themed bar has a great, friendly atmosphere, pretty girls serving good reasonably priced drinks, and the food is really good too. I'm a huge fan of the nachos which are layered and generously plated. The carne asasa is so good on them that I have yet to try anything else. The only minor setback for me as a non smoker is the fact that smoking is allowed in all areas of the bar. It can get pretty smoky in there depending on the crowd. Overall its a nice place and a good time
4	It's our first visit to Sagos and the first thing we see is a bunch of goofballs dressed up like it's Halloween - a "Wig Party," we were told. We came to eat, but they took over the whole dining room, so it was the bar for us.  I didn't mind, except that there were only a few [high] tables and the chairs weren't high enough for short little me.I'd glanced at the Yelp reviews before we left for the restaurant, and couldn't wait to see the "gorgeous bartenders," as visions of Chippendale's danced in my brain.  Unfortunately, I didn't notice that the reviews were written by men, and the "gorgeous bartenders were women!!  Oh, well.  For the record, they were indeed gorgeous, just not my type.The menu's kind of limited - lots of appetizers, a few burgers and sandwiches, and only a few main courses.  Hubby ordered Skewered Chicken with Pineapple, and I had Shrimp Fajitas.  He was looking for his pineapple all through the meal, and waited until he was nearly done to ask about it.  Turns out it was a pineapple sauce, not the chunks he was expecting, but there wasn't much sauce.  He liked it anyway, but he's never met a chicken he didn't like; the man practically clucks.My fajitas were terrific - I didn't count the shrimp, but there were a lot, together with mounds of onions and red pepper.  I was glad there was no green pepper, since I'm not a big lover of the green kind.  There were two things missing, and one was a big plus:  it was the rare meal that wasn't oversalted.  Big thumbs up for that!  The missing ingredient was some guacamole, and the dish definitely cried out for some of that.  Despite the craziness of the partygoers in the dining room, who made their way over to the bar way too often, and the crowds of people assembled at the bar by the time we were ready to leave, the service was excellent.  The waitress apologized for being slow due to the unexpected crowd, but we thought she was just fine.  And my husband sure didn't mind having to stay longer and surreptitiously gawk at her (I didn't really blame him!).We definitely enjoyed Sagos, and we'll be back.  And the party:  it was a Meet-Up.
4	Kind of cheesy decor inside, but the friendly staff and drink specials more than make up for it. We came here to watch a Chicago Bears game and were pumped to see Bears fans everywhere. The game was placed on big projection screen along with a tv on each side of the main bar where we sat. If you are looking for a place to watch the game off the strip, this is the place!
1	Warm beer cold machines and crappy food. Go to the lodge down way much better option.
4	This is 3.5 for me.  Things got off to a great start.  Love the way the bar is decorated because I felt like I was on an episode of Gilligan's Island.  The booths are covered in little tiki huts and very comfy -- a must if you plan on staying for the length of a game.  The service was fast and friendly.  Then the smoke set in.  Get mad all you want smokers, but I firmly believe you should be forced to smoke outside or shamed into quitting.  I don't care what you do to yourself, but I have never smoked.  That is MY right and I will not be made to marinate in a smoky haze while trying to enjoy a beer and some nachos.  I already have to endure a smoke-filled office during the day (thanks boss), and I refuse to deal with the same on my off time.  Now that I am off my soap box, if not for the smoke, I would be a constant here.  The food was better than average for bar food, happy hour prices are very cheap, the girls who work here are very pretty and most guys dig that.  The food standouts were the crazy big nachos (although next time I would get the cheese sauce on the side because it was overwhelming) and the chicken tenders.  I think single guys would enjoy this place for the eye candy and single girls would enjoy this place for the dating opportunities.  Tons of big screens so you won't need to worry about missing the game.  Sadly, I will probably stay with BWW since it is smoke-free, but if you do not have the same concerns, I highy recommend this place.
4	My Review is for the Lounge/Bar Only.This place is the BOMB! We were looking for a spot to go watch Monday Night Football and a friend suggested Sagos for the all you can eat and drink special. Okay sign me up.Here's the DEAL: $10 for Ladies: All you can eat Nachos, Chicken Wings, and Hot Dogs. All you can drink Smirnoff Vodka drinks.$25 for Gentlemen: All you can eat Nachos, Chicken Wings, and Hot Dogs. All you can drink draft beer. You also get raffle tickets for halftime and game end drawings for t-shirts, hats, key chains, bar glasses, and shot glasses. The food is served fresh to you plate by plate throughout the night, NOT a buffet like I would have expected. The nachos come without meat and topped with pico, sour cream, and jalapenos and were pretty tasty! The chicken wings come in mild, medium, hot, teriyaki, and yoni kono. I tried the yoni kono and teriyaki with ranch and they were really good with lots of sauce and good quality chicken. The drinks were served in short glasses for the ladies the bartender has a decent pour! The service was excellent. The girls worked together and we never had an empty glass or plate of food. The bar has gaming and I wandered over to play some blackjack and started chatting with a gentleman that frequents Sagos and he said they take very good care of locals with comped food and premium drinks for players. Nice to know =) Again my glass continued to be filled with delicious red wine by the polite bartender. Oh and I won a cute tequila t-shirt and 2 shot glasses in the raffle! *BONUS*I think I have found a new Monday Night spot.
5	This is a composite review from the first four or so visits, and deciding on a 4 or 5 star final rating was slightly hard, as this is a firm "4.5".  We first tried this place due to a Groupon deal and returned due to a good first (and later) experience(s).The pluses:  Good food    Cheap happy hour drink specials.   Cute, friendly waitresses  Ginormous big screen TVs in the east room   Good food specials.  Decent slot player incentive program.  The minuses:  Gamblers and regulars get the lions share of the staff's attention (minor gripe)If we are heading to the strip for an early evening show or something, we usually stop in at Sagos for some happy hour appetizers and and a couple happy hour drinks.  Service is good and the price cannot be beat.  Just got an invite to their NYE masquerade party.  $50/men & $20/women for open bar/food/free limo ride home.  I am getting a little old for that, but I am tempted..
5	Last visit:Sat 8 Dec 2012 9PThe food is better than you think it would be. Originally, we discovered Sagos thanks to Groupon.  This was sometime in the summer of last year, and the reason why I chose to get vouchers for it was because of the reviews from patrons exclaiming that it was among the best bar food (and even surpassed with its menu what one would consider bar food). Hopefully my review can serve as the same for others. The reason for the last visit was that after leaving a school production of 'Cheaper by the Dozen', there was a lack of places to get a bite to eat in this part of town. Really glad I remembered Sago since it was just a few minutes south on the Beltway from Faith Luthern. I have never eaten in the actual dining area and last night would be no different. There was some birthday party being celebrated so we sat in the bar area. UFC on Fox 5 (Henderson/Diaz) was being shown on some of the televisions, among the other spectator sports on a Saturday night, so there was plenty of activity at the bar. We were not noticed (it's to be expected with all the activity) so I walked up to an overly personable bartender  and asked for a food menu. She sent over a nice waitress and everything went better after that. I try something different every time we go to Sagos. It took last night to get to the signature 'Sagos Burger' on the menu after having tried several dinner salads and fajitas during previous visits. Best burger I have had at a bar anywhere. For those looking for late night food in this part of town, or a quick bite to eat for lunch, I highly recommend Sagos. They accept restaurant.com certificates as well. Don't think they have desserts so just drive a minute south to Yelp favourite Sweet Addictions in the Apache plaza for dessert. - E
5	Oh, Sago's, I love you again!  Our first experience was sweet:  we rode our bikes in search of the delicious nachos we read about on Yelp and were delighted to meet one of the owners (Pam) outside, who told us we could bring our bikes inside for safety.  Inside, we met the beautiful and uber-friendly Cindy, who lit up our Sunday and set in motion our Nacho dreams.This was the beginning of a never-ending rapport between us and Sago's.  And yes, it IS Say-go's, not Sah-go's.The nachos are better than you could ever imagine: piles of crisp (not crunchy) chips layered with black beans, FRESH (not pickled) jalapenos, both nacho and cheddar cheese, pico, and the best part of all, chipotle cream sauce.   You have the option of carne asada---which my man says is superb--or chicken.  Of course, we get the meat on the side for my vegetarian wishes and everyone is happy:)We haven't had much else as we are totally addicted to this chipotle-laden delight and usually go when this particular craving strikes.The staff here is better than any other local bar I know of.  No matter which shift we have come in on, we always receive superior service.   The bartenders seem to appreciate their jobs and their customers while striving to make you a regular.Other perks:  Good ventilation, super-clean bathrooms, a few video games (please, oh, please, fix the Texas Hold em' tournament game) and great perks for gamers.  From 4-7 everyday they have half-price appetizers and all sorts of happy-hour/football/late-night specials.  Sago'ss also has Angry Orchard on tap (my fav. cider) as well as a more-than-ample liquor selection.
4	Gotta luv any bar that luvs Da Bears. Service was good drinks kept me happy bartenders had enough personality that made me want to stay and drink. The only thing I didn't get was all the game machines there were kinda of oddly placed almost by accident. But good time was had by all will definitely make it part of my dive bar hop.
2	We used to go in about every couple weeks.  Last time we went in we grabbed a table in the dining room like we usually do and sat for 10 minutes before leaving.  No one came over to us at all even though an employee did know we were there (eye contact was made at around 5 minutes).  Absolutely ridiculous to have no one come over at all.  We always loved the food there.  My husband called the restaurant and got the lamest excuse..."yes, they do more business in the bar" and this is per the assistant manager.  Good customer service would've been totally sucking up to us and maybe offereing to comp a round of drinks if we'd come back in and give them another try.  Too bad.
4	We went back in last night after corresponding a bit with the owner, Jason.  He graciously comped us two entrees so we could see that the staff had been talked with about our experience.  We were very happy that Nicole waited on us.  Have always had good service from her in the past but last night she was better than ever!  And this was without me pulling out the e-mail comping the two entrees until it was time to settle the check.  Normally their dinner special isn't ready till about 6 pm (esp on Monday's when it's prime rib!) but after seeing my reaction she took it upon herself to see if it was ready...now that's a good waitress!  There's only one thing I'd change...some fresh horseradish would've made the meal a 10!  Food was great, service was great and we will definitely be back!
1	Went back again after receiving a message from the so-called owner; saying he doesn't know this happened but yet again same old sh@# just a different day. The food was under cook and can u believe some chick jumped in on the bartenders shift claiming all the tips haven't seem her in two hours but took the money in front of me? Wtf... Who's this??? I'm gaming spent 200! And drank four drinks and only got comped 2?? Wtf tired of giving second chances! Never again
3	I like to watch a game here.. they have a HUGE screen to enjoy it and usually have decent specials... but nothing spectacular in terms of food.  I've never been a fan of their bare-bones decor, either... seems cheap.  And their machines are pretty tight... I've never done well here.  The bartenders here are ALWAYS sweet and nice.. so that's truthfully what keeps me coming back.  If it weren't for that, I would tell my friends we should meet elsewhere...
4	Unfortunately they no longer accept restaurant.com certificates. And their decision was extremely abrupt. Which is their right, of course. But it sorta leaves a bunch of restaurant.com vouchers assed out. (We still have not received word from restaurant that we should switch all our vouchers to so other business -- but that is entirely a different matter.)Sagos Burger is still one of the best burgers at a pub/bar in Summerlin. - E
4	ok, so I've spent a little more time here with the help of the owner, Jason... who is very helpful AND very responsive to social media.  I'm starting to have better luck with the gambling, having hit 4 fours and 4 threes the other day and of course, the service is always friendly.  Now I'm discovering their tasty food specials... probably the best hidden secret in the SW.  I had prime rib this time...
5	This is an outstanding place. From the menu to the exceptional customer service, you will not be disappointed.
3	Sagos is a local video poker bar/restaurant.  It is a true locals joint. Every time I enter this tavern, I run into someone I know. (Pro-tip: Everyone really knows everyone in the small town that is Vegas.) It's a huge space, ample seating, and serves typical bar fare. Wings, nachos, burgers, and sandwiches.There a huge happy hour with all sorts of food and drink specials. The bar has a slew of regulars and it's a warm friendly atmosphere.There really isn't anything too special about it. It's a watering hole, with a large dining area, they allow smoking indoors, and they're open 24/7.
4	One of my new favorite happy hours!  Happy hour is from 3:00pm - 6:00pm daily and gets you:$2 Domestics$4 Crafts$5 all appetizersThe craft beer list is not very large, but $4 pints are a good deal.  It's nice to see a bar that doesn't exclude certain beers from happy hour specials.  I remember seeing Ballast Point, Dogfish Head, and Tenaya Creek amongst others that I forgot.The appetizers here are pretty good, enough to make me want to have a full meal here eventually.  The Coconut Crab Cakes are very tasty and come with a mango salsa,  the Fried Mac and Cheese nuggets are delicious and made with gouda cheese, and the nachos are gigantic.  Cheese, beans, choice of meat, salsa, sour cream, pico, jalapenos; this is a meal by itself.A solid spot for good drinks and good food at a good price.  Two visits in and I'm already a fan.
1	Obviously the below reviews were written by the owners. This place is garbage. Service is awful. The "cocktail servers" come to pick up empties, ask if you are doing okay, and before you can even answer they are already halfway back to the bar. The owners are also pretty awful. We tried to do an event here to raise money for charity, we sat down with the owners to talk about drink and food specials, and supposedly ironed everything out. On the night of the event, the owners were NOWHERE to be found. The bartenders had no idea there was an event at all, and after over an hour of trying to get in touch with the owner, he finally called the bar and reneged on all of the specials. Of course by that time we had nearly 100 people in the door or on their way. The saving grace of Sagos is their sick set up for sporting events. As long as they don't kick  you out of the seating area halfway through for a "special event", this place is great. There will also be NO people there because the service is so bad! Also, they changed their food, GROSS.
4	We were hungry but not for a meal just for some munchies and then i had remembered that Anthony had mentioned that Sago's had a great happy hour..  I always see this place when i drive down Fort Apache but have never thought to give it a go...It's really cute inside with a "Baja" theme present on the menu and decor.. It's not that big of a space ...just a bar area and a dining area but the dining area is not closed off... They have lots of TVs and little video games you can play.. The happy hour is not listed on the menu so just confirm with the bartender/server before you order but it's $5 on ALL apps and $4 for their limited craft beers. The apps that we tried were yummy and were not small in portion size.. The bartender (I forgot her name but she was Japanese possibly Hawaiian... ok maybe Filipina?) was sooooooo sweet! Great service and great Happy Hour~!!!HOT TIP: She said happy hour runs daily from 3-7pm
5	Great drinks, laid back environment, friendly staff and the food was better than I expected. We will be back!
5	Been awhile since I've written a review and since that last review, have to say this is now one of my favorite "locals" places in town and it's time to give them some  well deserved love on Yelp. Loved the service the first time I walked in and keep going back on my home from the office.Rachel & Rachel, Heather, Muoy, Austin and Aaron are all great bartenders and Gia is a great server...  Super nice and genuinely great people that will put a big smile on your face with their upbeat personalities. There are plenty of very cool regulars that go here consistently which should tell you a lot right there about the place. There is a reason why this place was named Best Locals bar by Seven Magazine last year.This is truly a locals bar owned by a local and it's not uncommon to see Jason (the owner) there and is a super nice guy. As their motto goes, "We take care of our players like Old Vegas used to". For some of us that have been in Vegas since the 1990's... we certainly know what this means before everything got so corporate and neighborhood bars started nickel and diming everybody.I'm not a big gambler and rarely play but they certainly take care of me and it's NOT one of those places that if you stick $20 bucks in, hit something and play it all back, you'll only get comped one drink. (Places like that annoy me.)Happy Hour is 3 to 7 with $2 Domestic Draft pints and $5 Maker Marks. (Not entirely sure what other drink prices are.) Appetizers are $5 and WELL worth $5. $2 Coors Light Pints during Football games and it's a GREAT place to watch Games with big TV's right at the bar or a couple of huge ones in the back dining area. (If you love The Bears -- this is certainly a great place to go for Bears games.)Even when it's not Happy Hour, I highly suggest the Street Tacos and as others have mentioned, the Nachos are divine.$ for $, one of the best places in town that I've been to and I've been to a lot of places. Your mileage might vary but I can guarantee you if you are cool to the staff, you will certainly be taken care of.
4	I drove by this place a hundred times without noticing. After searching the area for something new, I read good reviews so I checked it out. It looks like they have some great specials gameday and I was told this was a Chi Bears bar so I'll definitely be back on Sundays. I ordered the BBQ chic sliders and they were great
3	Why,  oh,  why do you torture me so, Sago's?? U reeled us in with the best nachos ever,  kept us around for the Texas hold em game and good service,  but now you have taken away the chipotle sauce (which is a key ingredient in making the best nachos ever). WHAH!!WHY????? Consistency is the key to good business.  Sad.
4	I am def not a vegas local, but next time I'm in vegas and down to do the local thing, I will come back here. I like the vibe and the layout of this place. It's not too big, and feels welcoming. I really liked the bartender (whose name I did not get) but he's a big teddy bear kind of guy. I think the HH deals of $5 on all the appetizers CANNOT be beat. I got the nachos in a heartbeat. It was SO HUGE, I was in utter shock. I don't know if it's the best nachos i've ever had, but it was DEFINITELY worth it. The drinks were good. Reasonable pricing for sure.
2	My wife and I used to love this place.  We have been going to Sagos for about a year, sometimes as many as 2 - 4 times a week.  Great Happy Hour, great drinks, great employees.  The last few times we've been there the service has gone horribly downhill.  The bartenders/servers now care more about high-fiving and  BSing with the locals than to provide even decent service.  The last 2 times we were there we ordered appitizers and we never received them.  We decided (sadly) that we won't be going here any more.
5	Great local spot! Prices are great and food is better then you'd expect. Not to mention if you get Samm as your server it makes everything 10x better! Super friendly and attentive, glass was never completely empty before she was bringing us another!
4	Well the owner certainly tries hard to accomplish his goal of taking care of his patrons like Classic Vegas would. It's a fun atmosphere and happy hour is one of the best by far.  Sadly, the food has recently changed a bit from good to mediocre, but I know theres more positive changes in store for the future. Graveyard bartenders seem to be on top of things, but seems at other times in the day or afternoon bartenders are inattentive, on the bar phone with friends or talking to one another by the registers not looking at whats going on.Overall great place to go! Get in there and see for yourself!
5	5 stars on the great bartending service by Mike. First time ever here and I came late night on a TUESDAY for the happy hour with my brother. We both never been here and we felt more then welcomed from our first step in the door. Mike greeted us with great respect and energy. He informed us of all drinks and food with awesome detail. The atmosphere is great! This is my new local bar to go to. Great deals on food and drinks the best we've seen. Customer service 5 star guaranteed.  Food came so quick about 10 min after ordering. Crab cakes and calamari= amazing. LOOKING FOR DEALS AND GREAT SERVICE COME HERE!
4	This place has one heck of a Happy Hour!!!! I still am amazed by the value/price. It is definitely a bar/restaurant for locals; you'd probably never have an occasion to visit otherwise. When we visited, it was pretty empty, just a few people sitting at the bar playing video poker. The decor is pretty dark, with huge tv screens on the walls.Happy Hour- well cocktails- $2!  Beer and wines- $4! ALL appetizers and sliders- $5!! Truly incredible! The server was very friendly and attentive, and checked on us several times throughout our meal.Now, the downside... The food. It wasn't spectacular. Average, at best. We ordered chips and salsa, the chicken quesadillias, sliders, and the coconut crab cakes.  On the positive side, the portions are very large, especially since they are only appetizers.  The crabcakes are more mango crabcakes than coconut (they are topped with a lot of mango), but they were pretty tasty overall and not overly breaded. The chips and salsa came with two sauces, a cheese sauce and a salsa. No complaints, but nothing to rave over. The quesadillias- eh... not fantastic. The chicken had an odd flavor, and there wasn't much cheese. The sliders were fine, but the accompanying fries tasted old.However, for 3 mixed drinks, a bottle of beer, and 4 appetizers to total bill less than $30 (I'm still wondering if she gave us an extra discount).... I have NO complaints. If I'd paid regular/full price, though- I'd be a little unhappy.
5	Bar far the cheapest happy hour in all my years of hunting. If I was hanging out with my homeboys instead of my best girlfriend, I would have needed a cab home. The waitress was super nice, she checked on us on a good schedule and the $5 sliders were perfect to soak up the cheap Smirnoff. You can tell the owners haven't decorated recently and aren't concerned with decor. It's OK, the specials and the staff will have me back again for sure!
5	3rd time being here and it's again awesome! Good atmosphere, great food, even better pricing. This is my #1 go to local spot. The happy hour is better than any that I have experienced. The service again is awesomely inviting, great place if your looking for the best bang for your buck and a good time. Sagos is the best local spot I been too yet! Highly recommended!  I'm always down to come here so let me know!
4	Had a much better experience this time around. I revoke my 2012 review. We enjoyed our Bartenders, spring rolls, and sliders. The vibe was positive, even with an Eagle fan in a Bear Cave!
4	This is a great place to meet up with friends over some good food and drinks.  Have never had a bad experience here -- good staff, great happy hour and I really like the atmosphere of it all.  I've come here for their NYE party before as well and had an absolute blast.  Definitely worth a stop in if you haven't been yet!
5	Location: easy access off the highway 215, a short way down Ft. Apache, plenty of lit up parking, big sign. Inside: door is blacked out but once open you still smell fresh air walking in on most nights, a bar you can smoke so be open minded, light music, mix of easy listening, decorations with a beach island look: the classic palm tree with a signature island Toucan. Bar set up: large and spaced out with tables surrounding and a separate booth/restaurant area meaning plenty of space for everyone to relax. Food: great chefs, great service equals quality and consistency, always was each time I come here. Drinks: basic but anything on your mind can be made, and the beers on draught are always shifting so always a great surprise. Crowd: mixed with locals and those who wander in, convos are easy to come by. Prices: right where they should be, $20 or less with food and drink on happy hour, $30 or less at normal hours. Consensus: 5 stars for this bar/restaurant, Sagos is forever the go to for the late night laid back happy hour
5	Best bar food in Vegas period.  The sliders are amazing.  Bavarian pretzel fabulous. Tuesday taco...street tacos are to die for.  Best happy hours too.  Love the bar tenders. Aaron is warm and funny Mike is like a breath of fresh air. Great time!!
5	Shuffle board, large huge TV's, decent draft selection, friendly staff and tasty finger food.
4	Well to all you folks wondering, I can assure you that the food now has surpassed expectations. Looks like lately they have made a few alterations for the betterment of their menu and the food is presented beautifully, and surely tastes like it was made with quality and care .......and i like that. Happy hour remains one of the best and the vibe is always good. Get your tail over there & tell 'em I sent ya!!!....(err....actually don't do that or you may get a dirty look....jk)
1	never have used yelp before today but thought this would be a great time to start. went to sagos last night to see how the service was cause i am trying to book a place for a small party. let me start with walking in the door, no hello! welcome to sagos, just ignored so took our seat at a table in the dining area. it only took about 9 mins for the server to appear and take drink order then another 7 mins to bring drinks back to table. i dont know what her name was because she never offered it the whole time i was there, she seemed more concerened with going out the back door and into the bathroom than her table. the food was typical bar food,the only difference was it was cold due to lack of poor service. i would not recommend sagos to anyone who has not tried it before, and to anyone who is a regular i honestly feel sorry for you. you can a much better experience for your money by going to other bars in area such as the bar, off the strip,even pts. i would have to say after my first visit there, i will definitly never return even if my meal and drinks were comped, due to lack of poor service and not a friendly atmosphere. i discourage anyone from wasting there money in this terrible establishment. thank you!
5	Sagos Baja Tavern & Lounge is more than your average gaming bar. Yes the machines hit like crazy but there is so much more to Sagos  than leaving there feeling lucky with a whole bunch of extra cash. I really enjoy the food and great happy hour price. $5 appetizers and $2 drinks. Wow you just can't beat that. Hence why my picture is so blurry, I had quite the buzz. and I really appreciate that this place does not judge my day drinking. Actually the staff here is extremely friendly and outgoing. Hi Gia as soon as I walk through the door from bartenders and bar patrons. I love that. This really is the place where everybody knows your name.In my opinion Sagos is the best neighborhood bar to Eat, Drink, Gamble and watch football. Did I mention this place has more TVs than I have boy friends? And I have a lot. Just kiddingAnyways if you have not yet been to Sagos Baja Tavern & Lounge  I strongly suggest you do.  THIS PLACE ROCKS!!!
5	Watching Monday Night Football, Packers kicking falcon butt! Great happy hour prices, great food and fantastic waitress Brittany! The tv is ridiculously huge, it's like we're at the game!!
