3	Now let me give Zarra's back some of its dignity.  I've been here twice, both on special anniversaries with my boyfriend. I must admit the first time was much better and would've gotten it 4 maybe even 5 stars because our meal, especially the lobster ravioli was delicious and they gave us a complimentary dessert liquor at the end of dinner.  The second time we went the food was mediocre and, yes, it was overpriced.  BUT the atmosphere in this restaurant is what allows it to keep its dignity and maintain that 3 star rating.  There are several antique knick knacks around the seating area and that will help to spur up conversation no matter who you're with. The music is nice, Sinatra style tunes.  And it's cozy, the staff is very nice and due to its unlikely location on Bigelow it feels like you're dining in one of Pittsburgh's secret treasures.  I say, give it a try and create your own experience out of it.  You may find it completely worth it.  I know because the first time was such a delightful experience, that even after the second mediocre meal, I would give it a third try.  I love the restaurant's antique eccentric atmosphere.
2	The food was feh (mussels were kinda tough but rolatini was good) I expected better marinara.  The beers were good. The service was slow. It's sort of like eating at someones house if that house was owned by an Italian grandmother that watched qvc and bought crap all day and wasn't cooking good food and/or cleaning.  A bit overpriced for the quality of...well, everything.
5	We first ate at Zarra's about 5 years ago, and we were immediately impressed by the food. My husband is Italian and his mother is an incredible cook, so we have high standards when it comes to Italian food. I had the Cavatelli con Polo Primavera di Judith and it was fantastic. That dish remains one of my favorites followed by the Linguine di Contosta with the spicy "palmieri" tomato sauce. I love red sauce, and can't believe how many different types of red sauce they make here, each more flavorful than the next.  My husband has worked his way through most of the menu, and his favorites include the Polenta Calabrese, Pasta e Fagoli and Cavatelli e Verdure di Rena. There are so many good dishes it's hard to pick a few to recommend! We may have started to go there because of the food but we remain loyal customers because of the people. Each time you dine at the restaurant it is as if you are being welcomed into the home of the Zarra family, and it's a place you don't want to leave anytime soon. Johnny, Judy, Donny and Jamie, as well as their entire staff make you feel welcomed and it's truly the best place to relax after a long work week (or work day!). We grew to love Zarra's so much, we even had our rehearsal dinner there, and our family is still talking about that night. We feel like Zarra's is one of the best kept secrets in the city, and want everyone to know what a phenomenal restaurant they are missing!
1	Had dinner there last night and was terribly disappointed.  The wine that was recommended was terrible and we had to ask for water twice.   The waiter was the owner's son and the owner and his wife were at the table beside us.    Appetizer took 45 minutes (Bruschetta) and seemed to have canned mushrooms on it.   You could taste the brine.    Finally asked for bread and a salad from a passing waitress who ended up being the one to bring it to us.   Our waiter had disappeared.   He reappeared 30 minutes later to bring our entrees.    My date had something with chicken and pasta with marinara and I had the scallops and marinara.   The sauce was terrible and seemed more like a paste than a traditional marinara.   Not fresh at all.   The scallops were chewy and had no flavor.   2.5 hours and $120 later and I will NEVER return.   Absolutely awful.  Oh yeah, the salad consisted of nothing but lettuce and one beet and the dressing was terrible.
4	A great place to go with family and friends, have Italian food and drink lots of wine. An unassuming place from the outside on a quiet street in pittsburgh, Zarra's is warm and cozy inside. Do pay attention to the many random objects on the wall, but do not let it distract you from sitting down and enjoying the wine and the company of family and friends.  I had the sample plate and it was perfect. A nice sampling of several southern Italian favorites. The wine kep coming, so we kept on eating and drinking.For desert, try the cannolie and a nice espresso.Next time that I am on Pittsburg, I am going.
5	hands-down the best, most authentic italian food in pittsburgh!!!    the sausage -- spicy & just plain awesome -- is made in-house.  the ricotta noodles are unlike anything else in the city and are also homemade.  and, the rack of lamb is out of this world!  i've truly never had a bad meal here.  good wine selection & delicious after-dinner drinks!the owners are amazing and go out of their way to make everyone feel welcome, which is helped by the homey decor.also - in the summer, this place has one of the best patios in the city!!!
3	I really like Zarra's.  The owner/waiter/bartender is a cool guy to talk with.  They cleaned up the front room, looks way better.  Food is still very good, but wow.  OVERPRICED.I had rolotini (appetizer), small salad (with bleu cheese and anchovi after being asked,) and a beer (Dolomite...after I asked for Peroni and it was suggested as being good.)....total: almost $30.00THIRTY BUCKS FOR 4 little rolotini ($9.50), a small salad ($6.50 +$1.75 for the cheese and fish), and a beer ($7.50) (plus tax)???  It's insane!Add in 5 bucks tip...and it's borderline ludicrous.Come on.
5	Two years ago I visited this area and went to Zarra's.  We LOVED it.  I found the atmosphere both unique and eclectic while at the same time homey.  Donny (our server) was terrific.  The food (sorry Donny) was even better (albeit too plentiful).   I was sad to have left town only eating at Zarra's once.  Two years later, and with high expectations, I (with 4 others) were at Zarra's again.   In a word, FANTASTIC.   This place is great.  The food is terrific, the people who serve you are like family, and there is nothing not to like about this place.  Love it!
5	Zarra's is by far the best Italian restaurant I have ever eaten at.  Not the same old boring menu as most Italian restaurants have, but a unique menu with fresh ingredients.  If the weather is nice, eat outside next to the fireplace and enjoy the best Italian food on the east coast. They have a good selection of beers too!  I will be back the next time I find myself in Pittsburgh.  Make sure to try the homemade sausage.
5	My friend and I stopped at Zarra's on a whitewater paddling trip a couple of weeks ago. Please be warned... this is not your neighborhood (american) Italian restaurant. If they did have any pizza or calzones I must have missed it because I was distracted by the extensive menu of authentic italian dishes. The hardest part of my experience was choosing what to eat. This is one of those places where you're not going to be choosing something you think you'll like, you're going to be deciding between dishes you know you'll love. The decision is made easier by Zarra's excellent family of staff. We sat outside near the outdoor fireplace fueled by a real wood fire. The scene, smell of the kitchen mixed with the wood fire, and excellent company set the stage for a perfect evening. I enjoyed a regional craft brew that was delicious, an appetizer sampler, and a seafood entree with a spicy red sauce over a seafood medley with pasta. The shrimp and scallop were huge and perfectly cooked. The scallop was especially savory. We stayed for a couple hours eating, drinking, and taking in the city through this small neighborhood gem. When you do go inside take a look at the pictures on the walls and notice they are all family of the owners. If you're lucky John will tell you the history of the establishment, how he met his wife there, and came to own it so many years ago. When you go to Zarra's you'll feel like part of their italian family for sure. We liked it so much we went back for dinner the next night while we were still in town. After all, how can you say no to an authentic italian family dinner?
5	Excellent food and wonderful service!   I will definitely be back.
3	I wish I would have known about this place before I wasted time eating dinner at another D grade Italian restuarant in town. I only had a Cannoli and bite of Tiramisu, but it was leaps and bounds more authentic than my earlier Shrimp Scampi. My Caffe de Carol ( Coffee with liqueur) was pretty awesome too.Everything here is homemade fresh, so I'm sure the food is legit. Sadly the service leaves a lot to be desired. I had to leave the table and ask for my waiter twice. Nevertheless, if you are staying at the Residence Inn in Oakland cross the street and try this place.
4	If you just want the skinny- Delish!!!! Authentic! Genuine! A wee bit overpriced with the add ons. DO NOT let that deter you. Read on for enjoyment purposes only.Okay- I never write posts, but I feel obligated to do so here. Let me preface by saying I am a FOODIE, I work in the restaurant industry, I live to find great places to eat, and I travel...A LOT.So today I had to drive up to Pittsburgh for work and ended up landing at the Residence Inn in Oakland, PA, because: A. I waited to long to book at the Hampton, and B. Love the Marriot Rewards points.Needles to say, I arrived late, tired, and a wee bit dissapointed at my lodging accomodations (the staff makes up for it in friendliness and hospitality). None the less it is time for dinner, and of course the Front Desk is pitching this allegedly "AMAZING" italian restaurant (they even had a sign in the lobby)- by the way just accross the street and the ONLY restaurant on the street (and it's not the prettiest of streets mind you). Any of those reading this that travel shares my first thought of "Danger Danger... Do not eat there!". But, all they had downstairs were stoffers mac n' cheese, and some chicken chinese stir fry, so I decided to spend some time not catching up on email and take a look at the Zarra's menu online. Once I started reading, the interest of the 2nd generation Italian in me was peaked. So I gave in and gave them a call. Maybe I got lucky... I don't know, but I got the nicest coolest guy on the other end of the line. It goes like this..."Zarras , Good Evening?""Hi, what time do you close?""Ahh...we're open and seating, what time do you want to eat?"""Oh I just got in and am staying at the hotel across the street and was checking.""Oh yeah, come on over, we'll gett you seated""Can I order something to be delivered to?""Sure thing we can do that""Ok great, I'll call you right back"I was so stoked by the non a-hole response that I normally get, where a restaurant sums me up as the 8:45 pm wishy washy annoying last minute order of the evening, that I called back 5 minutes later to order something (even though I realized at that point I wasn't hungry).I will paraphrase this conversation for those that I have lost, am about to lose, or who are just plain annoyed by my endless diatribe (I can't help it! I dig this place!). A lady answered and asked for my order. I asked her what is good and she knew the menu and started rattling things off.We landed on the ricotta pasta with meatballs AND sausage (I'm italian- if they say they make both from scratch- GAME ON), with a side salad w/homemade balsamic.She told me about all of the desserts they make from scratch and extra tidbits of yumminess, but for once I stuck to my guns.Ironically- this was this biggest mistake of my life. I should have ordered one of everything, charged it to my company account, called in sick the next day, and just nurtured an Italian Indulgence/hangover.I decided to walk accross the street and pick up the food. It is a small place in between what I can only describe as row houses (hey, I'm from San Diego and live in DC- give me a break). You walk into this dimly lit but nice and clean front sitting area with a bar. They were folding napkins and closing for the night. I won't go in to detail except to say- Cool, Genuine and Quarky characters. I wanted to sit at the bar and start chatting with everyone working there. A guy in his 30's offered to seat me right away, and then the lady who took my order came over to help me. Everyone was of course Italian and REAL! But the best- an older Gentleman dressed better than any man I've ever dated (owner?) that told me before the restaurant this place was the Electric Banana (I have not researched that yet- assuming an 80's accident in naming vs what I'm thinking). What I got from him, was that he has been the owner since the getgo. I could literally write another 5 pages about just how fun and unique the people are that run this place.I left with my food in tow wishing I could hang out and drink with those guys. Came back to my room and started working, forgetting about my meal. SHAME ON ME! Then it hit me and I started unwrapping the 3-time foil-wrapped container (I'm already in love, because red sauce gets everywhere in the bag!). One sniff and one bite- this is like my grandma's, like mine (because my grandma taught me). Meatballs perfect. Ricotta pasta- not what I expected, but in a good way. It's like a gnocchi, but cut like pasta, but different. I dunno- it's good! Dressing delish, like visiting Long Island family. Sausage, chunky with whole fennel seeds...ding ding ding!I only wish I had tried more there. I ordered the ricotta pasta because many of the other items were a bit steep- my only complaint. But with the quality tasted thus far, I can imagine it is well worth it!Note to self- should I stay at the Residence Inn from now on, just so I can eat here? TO BE CONTINUED...
5	Zarra's is on the short list of places I hit every time I visit Pittsburgh.  It's the closest thing you'll find to eating at your Italian grandmother's house.  The decor is a hodgepodge of antiques and odd artifacts that make it very homey.  The staff always includes Zarra's family members and they always remember you.The food is fantastic.  The sausage and meatballs are made in house by Johnny, the recipes are from Judy's family and some of the dishes, like the ricotta noodles, you won't find anywhere else.  I get mean cravings for the sausage and peppers over pasta.  Your entrees will come with giant garlic bread and a salad with homemade dressing.  Unless you stop eating halfway through your meal, you'll never fit dessert, but, if you do, the sweet creations are also all made in house.  I recommend the homemade cheesecake, it's light and fluffy.  One year Judy made me a homemade cake for my birthday and it was the best cake I've ever had in my life.Sometimes the meal takes a bit longer than you may expect but that's usually because the staff is chatting at your table but I'd rather have an overly friendly staff any day.  It's not uncommon for the owner to pull up a chair and shoot the breeze.
4	Really good, hearty Italian fare.  Perfect if you are staying in Oakland.  Wine list was extensive, but pretty overpriced, really.  The bread was old style, crispy, garlicky, etc... The salad was wonderful - had beets, garbanzo beans, and a heavenly, light, balsamic vinegarette.  I added the crumbled bleu cheese to mine.  Yum.  My mom got the linguini with shrimp and scallops.  The scallops were perfectly cooked.  The pasta was done aldente (perfect), but the sauce needed a little extra salt.  (Maybe they cater some to the retirement community across the street?).  I had the ravioli sampler plate - home made pasta on the raviolis - OMG, good.  Could've used a little more salt as well, but the parmesean cheese at the table made up for it.  Meatball, large and tasty.  Sausage was the bomb.  The sauteed spinach (which I was really looking forward to ) lacked flavor.  Parmesean cheese added to this as well.  My dad had the lasagna sampler and was very happy with it.Overall, 4 stars for a solid meal.  I'd rather have things undersalted than over, and let me make corrections.The staff was attentive, and the decor was awesome!!!!A definite must return spot!
5	So this was my first time here, staff off with ambiance a+ it's such a quaint intimate setting with really cool decor.. Gives you a home feeling with the table settings! The staff is friendly and awesome ! I ordered to start calamari salad which was fresh and tasty !! Followed by our entrees homemade ravioli meatballs sausage !! It was honestly wonderful and reminded me of home cooking !! For desert we had their tirmasuzy which was good!! I'm baffled by poor reviews it was just a great place!! Def give it a try on your own
3	If I could add half a star I would! If you like Italian grandmas, their cooking, and their living room decor, then this is the place for you. Family owned - mamma is in the upstairs and Jr. waits tables - all food seems hand made, which means the pasta is fresh and the red sauce is yummy. The best thing on the menu is the eggplant in all forms. Meatballs and sausage are second rate, though. Grisly is the word that comes to mind. Stuffed mushrooms too bready. But the greens and beans are good and the dumpling soup is authentic with delish homemade broth and dumpling - ask to make sure it is cooked through to avoid it being sticky in the middle. Excellent chicken parmesan. The bottled beer list is good but pricey, as is the wine. So split an appetizer and a pasta dish and have just one glass of red and all will be well.
5	Get Johnny's Famous Filet Mignon.You won't regret it.  It is $37 and it is so huge it takes up 1/3 of the plate.  It was over an inch thick, could have fed a small family of four and I ate it alone.Donnie took care of me and my mother very well! This was one of my most memorable birthdays dinners ever!
5	Ahh,  what can I say about this amazing place, except....... we HAVE to eat there every time we are in Pittsburgh! Yes, we have been there 4 plus times and every time we try something different and have never been disappointed. From the homemade hot sausage, to the homemade pillows of ravioli, beans and greens, rabe and sausage with garlic, I  could go on and on....I feel like I am back in my home area eating on Federal Hill in Providence, RI.  The interior is whimsical and eccentrically decorated which I loved!  Almost like eating in an obscure antique store. None of the tables, chairs, tablecloths, plates and silverware match but it all works. We ate there the evening before thanksgiving and had a celebrity sitting at the next table waiting for  his date! ( Kermit the frog was waiting for Ms Piggy!) I posted the pic here, and it got lots of giggles on my FB page too! We are fans and hope they never go away!
5	This place is the quintessential Mama's Kitchen. Everything is amazing, and try the cheesecake. It is the lightest and fluffiest dreamy cheesecake I have ever eaten.
5	Phenomenal food, portions and service. Great ambience.  This is fourth time here and have never been disappointed .  I have tried a new dish each time and always tastefully done. Portions are very large and always end up taking half home. Cherries Jubilee is very tasty and my favorite dessert of three tested.
4	The decor at this place is definitely strange, yet it will absolutely capture your attention.  From the beautiful stained glass to the plethora of swords, the wall decorations will definitely provide for interesting conversation!Despite the kitchy decor, mismatched chairs and tablecloths,  the food was fantastic, and the service was attentive.  From the scallops to the rack of lamb, my family enjoyed everything that we ordered.  It's nice that all of the entrees come with garlic bread and a salad.When I'm back in Pittsburgh, I'd definitely return.  My only concern: we were there on a  Saturday night, and the place was pretty empty.  I know it's a little off the beaten path, but I wonder how it's going to keep surviving....
1	Way overpriced for average food and less than average atmosphere.
5	Great food and very friendly staff. Highly recommend. Was out on a business trip and couldn't have felt more welcomed.
5	One of my favorite Italian restaurants so far! I loved the food and we all left feeling great due to the awesome experience. Don't let the pink painted building with bright blue neon lights catch you off guard. The atmosphere is unique with revolvers and swords on the walls. The service is down to earth and very good. But the food...oh the food...I left wondering and hoping the next time I could return was sometime in the very near future..I had the shrimp dish with mushrooms and spinach. It also came with a bowl of pasta and marinara sauce.  I want going to eat the pasta...but it only took one bite for me to realize how awesome it was. Yum. Others had the Fettuccini Alfredo. It was so creamy and delicious. The bread and olive oil mixture was sooo good! I am so looking forward to going back!
1	Great sausage   Wonderful spicy rich flavor obviously made with feeling.  That almost made me go to two stars or??? But my family was just so disappointed overall that I'm sticking with one star. Ambiance:  kitchy Italian knick knack filled dining room which is a little over the top but fun.  No problemsService was terribly.  So slow. We arrived before 9 and it was 9:50 before anyone took our order and then only because we flagged down someone. Our waiter was nowhere to be seen in this half filled not busy restaurant.  Meal comes with salad.  Could be yummy but we can't say since ours never came. Entrees included that yummy sausage but also cold dense ricotta noodles   Other yelps raved over this dish so huh??? Maybe the chef was asleep or we were getting the final dregs of the day.  Unclear. Got the bill.  They charged us for blue cheese on the salads we never got.  Huh again?   Didn't correct the bill but offered us free tiaramusu which also NEVER came. Huh. We called and complained and the owner seemed nice and apologetic but stilll....One star.
5	HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!! We were looking for a place to eat that was still open late at night, near our hotel, Residence Inn (off of Bigelow). Looked online and several sites suggested Zarra's. Called the restaurant, they just closed for the evening, but they asked how many were in our party, and if we could get there quickly, they would stay open for us. We arrived a few minutes later, and had the whole restaurant to ourselves. They seated us at a table they usually deserve for family. My 4 month granddaughter was a little fussy (traveled by plane from the west coast, to NYC, then long car ride). The chef already left for the evening, so mama (owner of the restaurant) did the cooking. Her son Donnie, and a waiter (sorry! Forgot his name.) seated us, waited on us, and served us. They made us feel like family. They even held Malia (whose fussiness finally subsided). The dinner, dessert, wine, and after dinner drink was absolutely DELICIOUS!! Salad was yummy with anchovies. Rack of lamb was succulent, filet mignon tender, perfectly cooked, and juicy. Manicotti to die for, accompanied by a suggested Italian red wine. Dessert ~ heavenly! My husband and son-in-law loved every bite of their cannoli. My daughter and I agreed that the tiramisu was the best we EVER had. Layered, light, and absolutely tasty at every bite. Not too sweet, not too rich. Zarra's family-owned restaurant was among the highlights of our first trip to Pittsburg, PA to attend our nephew's wedding. Can't say enough of this place!! Great food, service, & family-style ambience!!~ Warmest regards, The Reidy & the Halsey familiesVancouver, Washington
5	This place is really good.  What made it from 4 star to 5 star was the family devotion and effort which really shines through.  As for the food, it was really good, and plentiful.  We also ordered way too much.  I will return soon
5	I hosted a business dinner at Zarras tonight.  The experience from the unique dinner room to the appetizers, soups, dinner,desserts and after dinner drinks was first rate.  We travel a great deal and the combination of the owners personal service to the quality of the food was outstanding.  We all agreed the next time we came to Pittsburgh we would stay at the same hotel so we could walk to dinner at Zarras.  This is a 5 out 5 stars.
5	Great homemade food. Family owned and operated, which creates a homey and welcoming dining experience. The selection of unique beers is also excellent.
1	this place had the worst food i ever had in my life!!!! they were very rude .. dont ever go here!!!!! super gross!!!
