4	A bit pricey, but it was good, service warm and friendly!  We took our chairs outsise since we had a dog with us!Very accomodating owners!
4	Just got back from breakfast at Muffin But The Best. It was very good. I love little "mom & pop" places like this. I had the chicken fried steak and while other places use chopped beef steaks, this was a real steak. yum! The coating was crunchy & the gravy was prettygood. I will admit, the previous cafe in this space, Tiny's Cafe, had ahhhmazing gravy, but this one was pretty good too. Hubby had the Hangover Burro and he said it was very good but could have used a little more green chile - he loves green chile, so next time he will ask for extra. Our son had the basic ham & eggs & he couldn't stop raving about the ham. I didn't try any of the many muffins, cinnamon rolls or pie, I was too full from eating 1/2 of my meal, but they suuuure looked good!VERY friendly staff & I like how everyone wears a chef overcoat...makes it that much nicer. It does get a little warm in there, but then again, I have my own personal heat waves, so it could just be me. ;o)We definitely would go back.
4	We tried out this place for breakfast on 4th of July. Lucky for us it was open. Owner's were nice, service was good, although we did have to remind her about a few missing items, like my son's drink. Food was good. I expected a bit more from their homemade cinnamon bread french toast, but then again I'm not a bit french toast fan, I'm more of a pancake person, so my opinion may be a bit biased. My boyfriend had the bison burrito and he loved it. Not very many places offer that.
5	Nothing to fancy, but then again that's not what I was looking for.  We sat at the diner overlooking the kitchen and were greeted by the owner with a warm smile and excellent service.  I ordered a huge homestyle country breakfast of ham, scrambled eggs, texas toast and country potatoes all for the price of $7!!!! I was to full after my breakfast, but the tray of muffins they had out, especially the giant honey bun and pecan rolls looked fabulous!! As we were eating some other customers were ordering their lunch and we were able to watch the chief make a giant meatball sandwich that I will order whenever I come back in for lunch :)
5	For those of you that know this area, this used to be a Lenny's burger shop, and has been a few other eating places after Lennys closed this site.  It still has the same black and white checkered flooring and the same counter layout.  I would not have heard of this place if it had not been for a flyer with a 15% off coupon on my windshield.   I was intrigued by the idea of the elk sausage, and buffalo burgers. When I arrived, to be honest, I was kinda leery, and thought, to myself, I doubt I will ever come back here.  My husband ordered the Buffalo burger, and I knew I could satisfy my buffalo curiosity by grabbing a bite of his.  So I went for something I hope i would love Salmon benedict.  Two poached eggs on top of grilled Salmon, you know the rest.   It came with some fruity like pico salsa, and fresh fruit.   I have to admit one bite and I thought I was in food heaven.  It was great.  Of course my hubby gave me a bite of his burger.  It was good but nothing out of the ordinary for buffalo meat in case you were wondering.  It just tasted liked a great high  quality hamburger.  One thing that makes this burger better, was the bun, all homemade, and you could tell the burger patty was hand formed and not some frozen cookie cutter meat patty.  His french fries were seasoned and yum. I paid $8.50 for my salmon benedict, and was on par with other places that serve nice breakfast.   My husband's burger was $9.99 for the 1/3 pound buffalo bacon burger, fries included.  You can get angus beef burgers for less at this place, I dont remember the price, it varied by size.  The coffee was fresh, as she just made a pot of decaf for me.   It was folgers but sure tasted better than what I make at home.   I was really happy with place, and would like to see it succeed.  It has unique food, home made baked goods and some great cooks.   When I left I saw the sign on the window, something like Where country or home made meet gourmet  and I said YES, that is what I just experienced.    Great home cooked food with a gourmet touch.EDIT TO ADD: I went back again, and now they have a $2.99 breakfast.  I am not sure what you expect for $2.99 but I was expected to not order whatever it was.  Turns out it was one biscuit and gravy, one egg, and potatoes.  That sounded perfect to me.  I got a poached egg,   This food is wonderful.  I sure got more than my moneys worth.  My husband again ordered a huge bacon burger, I know he was happy by all his MMMM sounds, He also got the homemade potato chips which are very thinly sliced fried potatoes, not like real hard crunchy chips.   I off course tasted his chips,  OH Yum.
5	First off all, kudos to whoever came up with the name. I smile every time I mention it to my bf. We finally decided to try Muffin one day after driving by, Idk, 1000 times? We don't eat breakfast often, but this immediately became a new must go to place for us.It's a local business, very friendly staff, unique and interesting menu, and so far, every thing has been delicious. I like omelets, and I like to make my own, so I do. With ham, mushroom, & green chili.Comes with toast and potatoes. I have a thing for potatoes, and these are my new favorites! I love the cinnamon bread and the marble rye! Jerry Seinfeld would steal this marble rye if he could! Pumpkin cheesecake muffin? I think so!! Mmmm.....It's not fancy inside, but it's comfortable, and...cute? Yeah, I think that describes it.I like the ceramic muffin sweetener holders, and the smileys and sad faces denoting if they currently have or do not have a menu item available.Best of luck to you MBTB, you are very charming, and we will see you again soon!
5	Not sure why this place doesn't have a higher average rating, but here's to bumping it up! I've passed by this place a million times, and I tell you, I wouldn't blame anybody else for doing so. It's in a crappy hole in the wall complex that is old and nasty. But don't let that deter you- Muffin is really a diamond in the rough. The owners are from Ohio, and they like to make here what they call Homestyle Gourmet. What does that mean? Almost everything here is made in house. Their bread is, and their muffins (dur) and their cinnamon rolls (TO DIE FOR) as well. But it's home style, and rather country, so don't come in here expecting contemporary chic decor. The food is just as described, down home Americana. They have a revolving menu that changes with the seasons, which I appreciate. I remember them setting up a pavilion and having a special menu over Labor Day, almost all of which revolved around elk. That's right, elk. You could choose between an elk burger, elk meatloaf (what I got, and it was fabulous) or elk kabobs. Each plate was ENORMOUS, came with mac and cheese, corn bread, cole slaw, and your own peach cobbler desert complete with ice cream. My stomach's bursting just recalling the meal. And the man that co owns this with his wife was standing outside in 100+ degree heat grilling it all. Now that's love. I did ask if they caught the elk themselves, and the lady boss told me that that's not really feasible due to USDA regulations, though they do hunt their own. They buy the elk in from a ranch in Montana, I think. It's pretty awesome.And that's just the special. My husband usually gets the reuben when he comes in- they corn their own beef, are incredibly generous with it, and again, the bread is fresh baked in house. Stellar. I usually get some kind of breakfast item- I remember asking for my scrambled eggs soft the first time I came in, and they got it perfect. It was great. Their root beer floats are awesome too. And their cinnamon rolls. They deserve a paragraph all their own. Please make sure you leave with one. They're not impressive looking things, all wrapped up in their clingwrap, but nuke these babies right before you eat them and it's like that homely ugly duckling morphed into a stunning swan. Melty and gooey and soft and sweet. They've got a great range of flavors too- I've stopped in to buy some of their giant rolls for potlucks at work and they've got maple bacon, orange cinnamon, banana nut and the breast cancer special (which I do hope they bring back) that was cherry and chocolate. They aren't open past lunch, as they're strictly a brunch and breakfast place, but I love that they open ultra early, as it's allowed me to stop by prior to a potluck to pick some up. Definitely a crowd favorite for work! And the owners- awesome, and sweet, and their wait staff are great as well. Definitely go check it out, and not just because Chino Bandido's was too full, either. :P
1	I had eaten at this place before, and was impressed.  However, this last time was awful.  Our server was either new or not very bright.  She has no knowledge of the menu.  I know what you are probably saying, I'm just being to critical.  I've worked in restaurants my entire career.  I been a waitress, manager, bartender...you name it I've done it.  The service was just awful.  She asked me to point to the item on the menu so she knew what I ordered.  I ordered their signature eggs Benedict, my boyfriend ordered their steak and eggs.  After about 20 minutes of waiting our server comes up and says there steak shipment didn't come in.  And I mean that's all she said.  She didn't come with a menu, and didn't explain what that meant.  I asked well then can we look at the menu again.  She kindly brought it to us, but at this point we had already waited 20 minutes.  My boyfriend and I were starving.  We decided to leave.  On our way out, he told the manager what had happened and she just said "Okay", and looked at him blankly.  There was no apology, no acknowledgement of the situation.  Keep in mind the person he told was the owner.  There was no professionalism involved at all.  This is a prime example of people that think they can open up a restaurant just because they can cook.  I will not be back.  And I do not like their cinnamon rolls.  They are very dense.  I hate to be hurtful, but the service was just that bad.  The server we had should have never been allowed to work until she learned a little bit more about server etiquette.  We ended up going to Crazy Otto's which is delicious.  I recommended the biscuits and gravy.
5	I love this small hidden gem. They have a wonderfully welcoming staff and great food for the price. You sincerely cannot beat it. I suggest the biscuits and gravy!
5	Today was our second visit... great food, friendly service and a real "Mom and Pop" feel.  Their SOS was fantastic, the cinnamon french toast was great too! Thick sliced bacon and we got a cinnamon roll to go.This will be a weekly visit!
3	I ate here with my puffin and some friends who live in the area. I'm giving them three stars because my food was spot on and tasty, but a few things were off. The service was a little lackluster, as the waitress and cook forgot to make my order. I waited 5-10 minutes after everyone else received their food to get my meal. Also, the orange juice is Sunny D. I don't care how orgasmic it is for Yelpers to support "local mom n pop" businesses, no restaurant needs to serve that garbage. Other than those issues the restaurant is affordable and tasty, and I recommend it if you live in the area. I had the triple patty burger with fries and it really hit the spot!
4	This is the old Tiny's which was one of my favorite breakfast stops.  Now this nice lady has taken it over and it was not very busy when I stopped by but the food was great!  The sausage was really fresh tasting, the eggs were cooked perfect, the potatoes were pretty good but I used to really love Tiny's along with their homemade salsa.  The best part of the whole meal was the biscuits and gravy.  I am not a huge fan of these but I was in the mood and I am glad I was because the gravy was phenominal!!  It was thick and flavorful and made my morning.
3	This place really had potential.  They were out of almost all the Muffins and it took a LONG time to get our food.  I guess I expected a little bigger portions sizes.  They food was good.  Just some simples improvements would make this place very special indeed!  I'll be back to give them another chance.
3	You know your review is on target when other people have noted the same issues.  I want this place to succeed because it isn't corporate and the two people are obviously working so hard. However they need to solve some issues first.  Don't call yourself Muffin anything if you don't have muffins available to sell EVERY DAY YOU ARE OPEN.  Today was Sunday - which should be their biggest day and at 10am - No Muffins.  My french toast was great but my side of bacon was overcooked which is wierd because they brought the french toast out and said they were still cooking the bacon but when it came out later it was overcooked.  Should have come off the griddle at the same time as the French Toast.  I'm not a biscuits and gravy person but the guy in the next table said they were the best he had ever had so I'll bring my daughter back to try them and the cinnamon buns which looked incredible.  A part time student to help on the weekends would take the stress off both of the otwners.  How about a cooking student that wants to intern?  The female chef is obviously a great baker and cook and it would be good mutually rewarding opportunity for the Chef and Student.
5	SUPERB!!! The food was excellent. The service was great. We made some very specific requests for our order, and they were executed with perfection. I highly recommend MUFFIN BUT THE BEST for breakfast, brunch or lunch.
5	I am in Phoenix for business quite often and always make sure I stop by Muffin But The Best.  Excellent food & Fantastic portions.  What a great little find.  I recommend that everyone stop by and try it out.
5	This place is a cool little hole-in-the-wall. The staff are really friendly and fun. Perfect mix of great service and leave me alone, I'm trying to eat.  The food is higher quality than the appearance of the place. It has a nice diner atmosphere, but without the low diner quality food. It has the classic diner coffee, though. I actually enjoy that, but some of you might be looking for higher quality coffee. They might have other coffee options? I only ate breakfast here and I will be back for sure.
1	Save your money and time. Bad food and horrible serve. There was only 3 customers in the place, that should have been my first clue. Our waitress was not available.  She was busy eating her food or chatting with her boyfriend.  The poor cook told her twice to get a hamburger bun and she brought out hot dog buns. This is probably why our buffalo burger was so burned and dry it could be used as a door stop. The waitress made a rude insult about men and told my husband if he couldn't handle the truth, to bad. Wow!!! What is wrong with this lady?  They had no baked goods,  muffins pies cinnamon rolls, nothing. She said the owner was out of town so they didn't have anything. Oh and the soda fountain was broken so we got flat soda from a 2 liter that has been open and closed a few to many times. I felt bad for the cook because she obviously had no help. What can I say but do not go to this restaurant.
5	We were looking for a new breakfast place, and boy did we find it.  This is a small family owned breakfast and lunch cafe.  The cafe is small, and very cozy.  Small enough that everyone engaged into a conversation about Captain Kangaroo and Mr. Green Jeans.  They make everything fresh.  I had the traditional Eggs Benedict and my husband had the Corned Beef with sausage gravy.  Both were absolutely amazing.  We will definitely be back.  Oh by the way, Mr. Green Jeans always brought animals onto the show.  Yes I Googled it.  :-)
5	What a great place they have here! Went in to try them out after hearing my roommate talking about this place.It's very hole in the wall which usually equals good food and boy do they have good food here. My friend had the cajun elk burrito which I had a bite of and ut was delicious with great spices and good overall flavor. I had the "Shaggy" which had buffalo meat. It wasn't bad, it was mostly the buffalo meat which left it a bit underwhelming as it's generally a hard meat to give flavor to so I cannot blame the chef. Overall it's not expensive and you get great food overall for you money. Plus the portions are great for hangovers ;).Hospitality is definately a key point here and it shows with their attention and focus on customer service. The owner and the chef were so nice and great hosts it's one of the reasons I will be back. If you haven't tried it before you should give them a try. Now to try their muffins.
2	Went and it was fine for breakfast. Service was nice food was eh. Nothing special.  Wish I had more to say about it.
5	Wow! I just had the best ever  Chicken fried steak with gravy and eggs. I'm looking fwd to trying the Swiss Elk burger or the Buffalo Patty melt sandwich. This place is great!
5	What a great place! The staff is so hospitable and the food is delicious!!! Everything is made from scratch and its awesome!!!! check it out!!!!!! Feels like home!
5	Tiny little restaurant in an old outdated shopping plaza you probably wouldn't think I'm going to. Me and my good friend Alison we're on our way to a restaurant that is owned by a large corporation. I said to Alison, I really want to try that restaurant Muffin But the Best but I have seen some reviews and I wasn't sure about if I would have a good experience. Alison had French Toast it was made from scratch down to the bread I tried hers and it was really good. I had Corn Beef Hash Eggs Benedict.. The corn beef hash was homemade it was amazing. I ended up having a lemon poppyseed muffin. We had just had a bite of it, I wasn't crazy about it we didn't finish it but it wasn't bad.. Looks as though they make all of their breads and pastries  handcrafted there but the muffin appeared like it came from Costco which still is goodbad but I wasn't expecting it. This place is walking distance from my house and I tend to go back again.
5	Food was fantastic I added two photos! I just wanted to add it took a couple years to come in to this awesome "shop small" locally own restaurant... When you look into the window it's not inviting.. It's outdated not dirty but feels clutter. The strip center is also outdated but do yourself a favor ignore all that and try this secret out!!
4	I chose this cafe because of the clever name. The husband and wife team's cheery service made for a pleasant meal of great biscuits and gravy. You'll hear no complaints from me.
3	Stopped in this place mid-morning while in town on vacation. The restaurant is small, but the staff was extremely pleasant and worked to get us seated right away. They seemed a little frantic, but they had just calmed down after their morning rush - so completely understandable. The older gentleman (maybe an owner?) was very attentive in making sure my friend and I always had coffee and kept our waters full. My friend ordered the Classic Ham and Eggs and it looked very good - she was very pleased with the large piece of ham that came with the breakfast. I ordered the Ta-Tonka Benedict. It was good. The amount of buffalo wasn't what I had hoped, and the Hollandaise sauce was not spicy as advertised, but overall, good.
4	This is a really, really cozy little hole-in-the-wall diner and bakery that I fell in love with. They have well-priced specials and the food/service is great. I would have loved to try their blueberry muffins but they actually ran out :(The restaurant is a little cluttered, but if that doesn't bother you I can recommend this mom & pop restaurant highly. Try them for breakfast (obviously)
5	Cute hole in the wall place. Have the biscuits and gravy with a side of bacon. That's what I had, and I will be going back. I also had a blueberry-coconut muffin. It was fresh that morning. Get it warmed up with butter. So everything bread here is homemade and made from scratch. That is just so hard to find. By the way they are Buckeye fans!
3	Pros. Friendly wait staff. Server engaged us and made us feel welcome.Stuffed French toast was excellent. the strawberries and creme in the middle was to die for!Place was clean, cozy and quaint.Cons.Waitress forgot our muffins. We were one of three tables.Cluttered wall space, dining area, everything.Wife's pancakes were meh. They were good but not spectacular. IHOP might have a better pancake I am afraid. There muffins were OK. This is what bothered me. Muffin but the best? Me thinks not!They were supposed to be a bakery but had very little options to choose from on their bakery menu. Apparently, catering comes first and the restaurant second. Too bad. I really wanted to like this place.
1	SAD. AWKWARD. DISAPPOINTING. Sorry, I had to state my overall sentiments right off the bat. The first time we came here, it was a Saturday morning and we wanted to try a local [gem] vs. going to IHOP. Upon walking up to the door, a little hand-written note told us that they were closed for a Wedding. Bummer - but ok. Second time we came (two Saturday's ago), they appeared to be open though the neon "Open" sign was not illuminated. We decided to park and give it a try. Walked in and discovered they were open, and we were greeted by the TWO (and the ONLY) employees working - the cook and the waitress who both told us we could sit wherever we wanted but asked us to be patient as they were backed up and short handed. We weren't necessarily in a rush, so we sat and looked over the menu. We had read a lot of great reviews on Yelp so we wanted to try it. Sadly, we got to experience the other end of the spectrum. I am going to cut this a bit shorter than I could. We were in the restaurant for an hour. It was 40 minutes before we got our food. Upon arrival, there were 4 tables. Not much to get overwhelmed by, but considering they were cooking, serving, cashiering, bussing AND dishwashing for themselves - I could see why they were flustered and running VERY behind. We watched other couples and groups come in about every 5-10 minutes, at least 5 of which walked out due to not having a clean table to sit at or waiting way too long to even get a drink order taken. We saw one patient guy sitting at his table for 30 minutes before he got his food, and he was there BEFORE us so who knows how long he was waiting - for biscuits and gravy!!!As we waited, we had a lot of time to observe. This place is like a hoarder's dream. There's decorative old do-dads everywhere, and dusty ones at that. We saw what was probably last year's Holiday decorations, last month's (or so we think) Halloween decorations, car audio speakers in the ceiling tiles yet there was no music playing (we just sat in silence listening to the poor two girls run around and the other people wonder WTF was going on), and parts of the restaurant that were falling apart. This place seriously just needs some love and attention. It was kind of gross to see how some of the food and drinks were stored, or being served. I saw the waitress in one moment ask another patron if she could take his drink mug, only to the run in the back and wash it really quick for what I assumed was a needed reuse. Sadly, upon talking to one of the girls working, we learned that the owner hardly comes around anymore but focuses mostly on her catering business. We were told that they are just about always shorthanded and embarrassed to work there because they are constantly having to apologize to the customers. We felt awful!We joked around that the only thing that could make that experience better was if Gordon Ramsey walked in the door. The food was good, and we did enjoy it, but it wasn't anything we couldn't get at IHOP really. The stuffed french toast was ok, but I could tell the strawberries were frozen as they were cold and mushy and that red-grey color that they get. My boyfriend's egg/ham/bacon plate was, well, eggs/ham/bacon. We got a side of the potatoes, I have had better frozen to be honest. They gave us  few muffins for free to apologize and thank us for being so patient. Sorry, but those muffins were "Muffin close to the Best" - dry all around except super sticky on the top. No thanks. Sad to say it but we won't be going back nor expect to see this place around much longer at this rate.
5	Cozy friendly atmosphere,  wonderful tasty food and  good service. All the ingredients for an excellent dining experience. The name says it all.
3	We've been here a few times. They have some unique menu items, I especially like the elk and the buffalo options. The 6x6 burrito was delicious. Each time we were there they were short handed, making service a little slow. The staff does explain this and apologize though. Based on other reviews this seems to be a recurring problem. The restaurant is cluttered but it doesn't really bother me.
5	Love this place! Delicious food & great service! I always look forward to coming here and always leave satisfied. I recommend everything on the breakfast menu & ask to try their homemade jelly! Their bread is amazing.
