5	Paul is Awesome!
5	Stopped to try a new place and was very pleasantly surprised. Had the three taco plate. Fish, Carne asada and green pork. The tacos were huge overflowing the shells. Filled with meat, beans, rice and veggies. Fish was my favorite and grilled not fried which is always good.  Also had a pineapple lemonade which was really tasty. Definitely recommend this joint to my friends and can't wait to bring my kids. They will love the decor.   And realized as leaving that its BYO. Look forward to the weather cooling off and enjoying some tacos and beer on the outdoor patio.
2	This place doesn't compare to the Two Hippies on 16th St. This place seems to always be empty or closed. The staff is not as friendly either. While I was there another couple came in and waited 5 min before they got any service and then left empty handed. Just a word of advice you need to make sure every customer leaves with something if you expect this place to remain open. I live 3 blocks away from this one and will drive to 16th St. one if I'm in the mood for Hippies again.7/14/2011Steph H who is one of the owners who wrote a review above mine I'm sure to get the ratings up, which Yelp frowns upon if you read the print in the comment block. Steph H sent me an email because she didn't like what I saw with my own eyes and simply stated my OPINION which is what Yelp is about simply stating ones OPINION of ones vistit to ones business. Anybody knows business 101 the customer is always right.  With todays economy Steph H you should be doing everything possible to make sure all your customers are satisfied with there visit to your establishment.
2	The fish tacos + flavored lemonades are AWESOME.  The fish tacos are grilled + creamy, not fried or crunchy.  The list of flavors for the lemonade are ENDLESS (think beyond your basic berries, they've got prickly pear, mango, even blood orange!)  I've also had the chicken burrito and i wasn't really feeling it.  Both the rice + beans in the burro were undercooked and ended up just being hard little rocks.  I'd rec this place if you're looking for bombass lemonade, not chicken burritos. :P
