3	Was on my way to a friend's house and stopped for a quick bite to eat.  Ordered:Volcano Burrito - $2.997 Layer Burrito - $2.09Double Decker Taco Supreme - $1.89http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4UmjnX46qbhV6-D5W89IOQ?select=SmsWfXhrU4AJl6D4nJu6bwThey were fast, accurate, and the food was decent.  It's a Taco Bell, what would you expect?Return Factor - 15%
2	This used to be a good place to go in a pinch for a quick lunch. But the service has really gone down hill.If you go through the drive thru .. DO NOT EXPECT to get packets of sauce even when you ask for them. Also don't expect your drink occasionally because they think they gave it to you.The food is good.. But the service really has taken a turn for the worse here.I hope they get it together soon.
3	It's Taco Bell. Fast food, Americanized Mexican food. It's cheap and quick. We seem to stop here after a late night at the bar and suddenly realize we're hungry and have nothing in the frig. Taco's, Mexican Pizza, Nachos, or chicken Chalupas are usually what I get; my husband seems to like their burritos. Don't expect anything hot or spicy even with the sauce packets.
4	We had a wonderful experience this evening. Our drive thru window attendant Abby was very friendly and professional.
5	Normally a Taco Bell is a Taco Bell. However this is not the case here as the people always go way beyond what you would expect. The restaurant is always super clean. The people working there are always very polite, friendly, and have a respectable appearance. The food is also always great; I've never had a bad meal there.Basically the  employees take pride in their work there and it shows.
5	Went through the drive thru on 10/16/14 and the man taking my order sang a little song to me good voice friendly service!
5	I know 5 stars for taco bell. What am I thinking right? Seriously though, this taco bell makes me smile every time I go through their drive through. Who would have thought that I would take the time to review a Taco Bell, but this place I had to. It's just that good. What's so good about it? The service, the service and the service. Yes 3 times. It's just that good. The food is what you'd expect, but the service is just out of this world. Did I mention their service? Yes. That good. So good that I had to take some time and write about it and tell everyone. You'll get a friendly person taking your order and a smile when you receive your food with a warm friendly good bye. Wow. I was not expecting this from a fast food joint. Let alone Taco Bell. Kudos to the management and the training. You guys are doing a stellar job. Don't stop. Thumbs up for their friendly service and their crunch wrap supreme. You guys are awesome.
4	I don't normally give fast food this high of a rating, but I was very entertained the other night when I pulled up to the drive thru.  The guy who took my order was beyond funny.  I told him he missed his calling down on The Strip.  And the other guy that was working the kitchen that night was just as entertaining.  They got my order correct.  And it was good.  Definitely some of the best service I've ever had at a fast food restaurant.
