5	My daughter has been attending here since she was 4 years old. She loves her teachers and all the diversity in the programs she is offered. She is now in the 4th Grade and I can't imagine her leaving to go anywhere else. We have had our ups and downs as any family would but we have always been met by the Administration openly and honestly. I've heard from those that have never been to Rancho how hard it is, and how strict it is...For those don't knock it till you try it. My daughter definitely has to work hard, but that is why I send her...She is going there for a First Class Education and I believe that is what we are giving her...She has her sights set on Pepperdine University and I see nothing getting in her way!!!
1	I would have given this school 5 stars a year ago, but they are closing our campus and gave the parents and teachers no time to prepare for this. They made their announcement after the open enrollment period for competing schools and now we are stuck scrambling for a school. After over 7 years with this institution I believe we deserve more! I will never choose another Rancho or Meritas owned school!!
5	Great school. My son loves it here and excels.
5	My review is up to 1st grade currently.Rancho has a significant amount of homework.  They expect your child to be able to keep up.  It is not for every child or parent.We've had a few public school teachers that have helped watch our kids and they are always amazed that they are over a grade ahead in curriculum.  I would recommend highly if a jump start in education for your child is a priority.
1	Bullying was really bad here when I attended. Everyone just turned a blind eye and allowed it to happen especially if the bullies came from a wealthier family than the Victims. In the end it was not about what the bullying was all about but they would take the side of the child whose family have the most money to give. Don't send your kids here. Public is probably better.
3	I would be cautious to recommend. We attended the Gilbert Rancho Solano for 5 years and had excellent experiences until the parent company, Meritas, elected to close the Gilbert campus to build a "super campus" at Greenway. The school intends to try to grow its Scottsdale base by 40% to financially support its investment in the Ventura campus (spent over $30M in 2013/2013). They appear to be having financial trouble over the past four years closing 3 campuses now to support their investment. The closure of our campus was done the first of the year after many other schools had started enrollment and we were left paying high tuition yet knowing that their excellent teachers would be offered no financial incentive to stay and support the students. Financial decisions appear to overrule when faced with a choice between those paying tuition/being educated vs. the bottom line. Sad to see this progression. The Gilbert staff was amazing, my son loved the school, but students are not the top priority for the parent company - national rankings and financials are.
