5	What a terrific jewel discovered in my old mall!It was just about closing time, but the owners were happy to make rich, flavorful falafel, and savory beef saaj plates. My wife and I loved both dishes (the beef saaj is tasty, though very familiar - not particularly exotic - it is basically shawarma spiced beef in a pressed & toasted tortilla). The hummus was really lovely - just the right spiciness along with fresh pita. Sahara Express seems like a few other restaurants I've seen started by optimistic and generous entrepreneurs - very often after a little while the quality goes down and the prices go up. I hope that doesn't happen here, but in the meantime it really seems they are providing excellent quality and charging as little as they can, and I think they should be rewarded for it. Love this place and will be back!
5	An amazing find! This is way to good for a mall! Our son actually stopped eating his beloved panda express lunch after he had one bite of their chicken shawarma. The portions were generous so sharing with his appetite was not a problem. The staff was friendly. I cant wait till we go back.
4	Fantastic food, what a great surprise! Everything was fresh, affordable and super tasty. I will definitely be back, yum
5	I had a side of chicken shwarma it was amazing with their garlic sauce I did not have any of the vegetables or hummus
5	Affordable, fresh, fast, and great tasting.
5	Located inside a ghost town of a mall, you'll find this hidden treasure. Talk about reasonable prices. $4.99 for a large plate of their chicken schwarma. And it's excellent!For mall food, Sahara Express is something special. I just hope that survives the mall seemingly closing down around it, and if they are forced out of there, that they're able to relocate somewhere decent and keep cooking up the best (and only I know of) Iraqi food in town.
5	Located in the food court at Fiesta Mall, definitely a hidden gem.  We wanted take out for a Saturday evening am this place was perfect.  The chicken shawerma was so good!  Served on a delightful bed of saffron rice and a side of buttery hummus and salad.  If you're looking for Middle Eastern takeout, give this place a try. We loved it.
5	The chicken schwarma is awesome!  Filling and very affordable. My boyfriend and I got the same tHing and a large drink, came out to 13 bucks. Always looks dead though, seems like they don't get as much business. Which is crazy cause its delishhh
5	DELICIOUS! Got the chicken shawarma plate. It comes with salad, hummus, and the chicken on a bed of rice. The hummus was smooth and very tasty, the salad was crisp and freah, and the price cannot be beat. I also ordered a pita and some baba ganoush. 5 stars all the way. Im so glad i found this place!
5	Good food & moderate prices.
5	I saw great ratings coming from a restaurant in the food court of Fiesta Mall and couldn't resist trying it.It was so good and a ridiculously good deal.  Everything is done a little bit differently than most of the mainstream chain style places.  I especially enjoyed the just a little chunky baba ghanoush.
5	this was the absolute BEST falafel I've ever had and for so cheap? amazing. excellent vegetarian options. I've found my new favorite place to eat.
4	Today, I ordered the Chicken Shawarma Combo after having samples the past few days. The marinated chicken was full of flavor and was served over a bed of yellow short grained rice. It was served with garlic mayo. It also came with a side salad and hummus! It tasted delicious and it only cost $4.99.
