4	It's a great bank - but not for a mortgage.
5	I've been a customer of UWCU for almost a year and have been very satisfied with the service. The branches are conviently located and the staff is always super friendly. The website is OK but it often seems to be quite slow to load. My favorite thing about UWCU is that they offer full overdraft protection, if I overdraw my checking account it will deduct from my saving account for free. I guess since they're a credit union and not a normal bank they're not all over screwing you out of your money which was my experience with other banks in the past.
5	I only use UW credit union for checking so I can't comment on their other services. Their ATMs are free and all over town and you can use any ATM at any other credit union for free as well. They cashed a savings bond for me that another credit union wouldn't. The atmosphere is casual and everyone is super friendly. If I've ever had a problem they were there to help me solve it immediately.
5	Their staff has always been friendly with me. There were some missed communications concerning opening my account (it took an extra week) but in the end they came through. To the reviewer who complained about the bank not paying interest on checking, UW credit union strikes me as a bank geared more towards students/people just starting off, not so much individuals that have $25,000 in their checking account. Why do you have that much in a checking account anyways? Get a money market one (there are tons you can write checks, provided they are for amounts over $500) if you are that concerned about interest rates. Should be able to get one through whatever investment group you use (I've been happy with Vanguard). As for the ATM's you can use any credit union ones for free (Summit, etc.) meaning that there are almost always free ATM's in any part of the country. So not quite as good as some other deals, but not awful either. They also strike me as unusually fair. Unlike a lot of banks that try to screw people with fees, UW credit union gives almost everyone a $500 reserve line of credit. While I am quite good with my money and will never use it, I'm sure that it has saved the butt of many a UW student from being hit by overdraft charges and other fees that most banks count on as a source of income.
1	I would never, ever return to this credit union, and would advise you to stay far, far away. Here's my story:I had a car loan with them. I moved, and called to give them a change of address. I also sent them the change of address several times. My loan payments finally arrived, and I paid them promptly and usually double- so I could finish paying off the car early. Finally, I decided to pay off everything I owed in one lump sum. I sent them the check for the remainder of the payment, and never heard from them again, which I thought was odd at the time.Little did I know- that they reported me to the credit reporting bureau for default of my car loan! WTF? I called to ask what this was all about, and they said that I had made a mistake on my check ( written amount didn't match the number amount) so they didn't apply my payment. They sent a notice to the OLD address, and when I didn't respond, promptly reported me to the credit reporting agency!! They never apologized for the mistake, never made things right with the reporting agency, and it is the ONLY black mark on my report- all because of THEIR mistake!!!Take my advice- stay far, far away!!
4	Will never go to a "bank" again. Love this place. Free ATMs at any credit union nationwide.  The place oozes sanity and unslickness. In the rare cases I have to go to a teller, they have always been really friendly in a non-fake kind of way.
5	I've done most of my banking throughout my life with two institutions. Chase, the megacorporation from Chicago, and UW Credit Union, a non-profit organization that dominates the city of Madison. With them, I've had two vastly different banking experiences, that have illustrated to me how the pure evil embodying the American banking industry screws the consumer in a very personal way.Chase: Fees for withdrawing from another bank's ATM, fee for making a deposit in coins, fee to dispute a transaction, fee to transfer money to anyone including myself, fee to set up an autopay account, fee to apply for a loan, annual fee for my credit card, fee for a notary signature, fee to mail a check, fee to check your credit score, fee to open an account, fee to close an account, fee to change up your account/card options, fee fee fee fee fee fee fee fee fee fee.UWCU: Every single one of the above things is free. I can't recall every paying UWCU a fee for anything.Chase: If you overdraft, Chase will intentionally avoid informing you so that they can slap you with a $35+ overdraft fee (plus automatic reporting to the credit bureaus), which will cause further fees to occur for each day it isn't paid. This essentially amounts to a tax on being poor, with exponentially growing punishment for every day you can't afford to cut out grocery money for their mafia-esque squeeze.UWCU: A $500 reserve line of credit that came with my original student account automatically initiates a transfer to cover any shortfall. Chase: Credit Card APR for a 600s credit score - 26%UWCU: Credit Card APR for a 600s credit score - 9%Chase: Your credit score is 350 and you never got your GED? Sure you can have a $500,000 mortgage! We'll just distribute the bad debt to Wall Street and rob the shortfall from the government anyway!UWCU: I have witnessed them turn away potential members whose history implies that they might end up negatively affecting the bank. If you do have bad credit they offer classes you can take as a prerequisite to joining.Chase: Two ATMs and one branch exist. The two ATMs are usually broken, out of cash, or covered in garbage and spiderwebs. UWCU: TONS of ATMs and three branches downtown. A few branches are scattered strategically across the west side, while I advise you to avoid this bank if you live on the east side as the coverage there is weak.Chase: Website forces me to go through phone or e-mail authentication to get to my account every single time I log in, wasting hours of my time in total. UWCU: Prompts for a simple security question.Chase: Website is loaded with massive amounts of junk links leading to marketing companies, services I will never need nor afford, and page upon page upon page of horrible legalese in which fees are expertly hidden from sight. Impossible to manage my finances beyond looking at my recent history.UWCU: Beautiful, modern HTML5 interface that responds incredibly fast and keeps everything I need, such as a calculator and direct messaging to customer service, embedded right in the main page. I can drill down on specific purchases and track spending trends with as much ease as using Google, and it even does it for me automatically sometimes. Chase: Only open while you are at work, typically 9-4.UWCU: Open on Saturday mornings, and until 7 on weekdays, specifically so they can cater to worker bees.Chase: Fake friendliness rehearsed from a training manual, and a zealous dedication to regulations that didn't exist until your problem arose. Their ability to endlessly quote a rule that allows them to avoid doing their job rivals the toughest DMV bureaucrat you've ever dealt with.UWCU: Friendliest, most helpful staff I have ever dealt with. They have always gone out of their way and bent over backwards to help me with absolutely anything I have asked of them. I don't believe I've ever been told "no, we can't do that."Chase: The only advantage I can think of - there's a credit card rewards point system that gives me about 1 dollar for every 100 dollars I spend. UWCU: No bullshit rewards that I never use anyway.
1	Avoid UWCU if you can.  My main complaint is that their technology is about a decade old.  If you're depositing a check or making a withdrawal with a teller, most other banks lets you swipe your debit card, enter your pin, and you're done.  However, UWCU does not have this basic feature.  If you want to deposit a check, you need to get a paper slip, write down your Member ID number, your checking or savings account number, and then wait for the teller to enter all this information.  Whereas most basic transactions at other banks take less than a minute, you'll have to spend at least five minutes to do something simple like deposit a check at UWCU.  I also now have to carry my member ID number and account numbers in my wallet instead of just entering a simple PIN number.  In addition, some of the staff that I dealt with at the branch on the Capitol Square have been unprofessional.  One teller I have dealt with multiple times makes off color jokes I do not find amusing.Their lack of basic technology and professionalism has made me seriously reconsider doing business with the Credit Union in the future.
1	When I was in college, I had signed up for them as student loans. I'm currently regretting that decision. My student loans are more than half of paycheck and when I first saw the amount, I asked I asked if there were any way to bring the loans down or consolidate, I was told that there wasn't a consolidation program and the only way I could get the payments to stop was to either go back to school or defer for 6 months. At which point, they'd rise up to $350.          Since then, I've made sure to make my payments on time and I recently was excited to learn they had a consolidation program. Imagine my dismay when I was told that even though I'm a member and have credit I'm unable to apply because I'm making under 25 grand. And yet, you'd think that I wouldn't be qualified to make those $330 payments that they demand each month and yet, I DO!
5	I adore UWCU. Every interaction I've had with staff (both at the Capitol location and on State St.) have been nothing but 100% positive. They're friendly, helpful, and very knowledgeable. The staff on State St know me by name, which makes it feel like a real community bank. The Mobile Branch is a great feature and I use it for banking on the go all the time. I highly recommend the Credit Union!
5	Just dropping by to say that even as I've moved around the county UWCU has had my back every step of the way. When you call you speak to a real person and they're unbelievably helpful. Love.
5	I switched from Associated Bank to UWCU when I was 16 and will never look back.I honestly can't imagine going to any other bank, even when I leave Wisconsin! Let's be honestly, with mobile check deposit now, I probably won't ever leave this establishment. The customer service is 10/10 every time, whether it's in person or on the phone, and they really helped me make the best choices when transitioning from teenager "I HAVE MONEY" land, to my first credit card, to post college life.All in all, I love you guys!
