5	I'm sitting in this coffee shop as I write this review... I work from home and was looking for a great place to get out and get some work done.  After trying multiple coffee shops and cafes much further from home, I finally decided to check this place out.  I love it here! I can plug in my laptop in multiple locations, the coffee is excellent (although I don't drink the espressos) and the music is perfect for working, not too loud or distracting.Great place for me to get my work done! And the baristas here are excellent... the manager remembered me after only being here once before and seems to know every other person that comes in. For Peoria, it's the best I've found.
4	I thoroughly enjoyed my experience at this coffee shop.  It was later at night and I wanted coffee.  My roommate mentioned a coffee shop he drives by everyday on his way to work.  We stopped in.The first impression I got was a very calm and relaxed place to have coffee, socialize, or do work.  The second impression was, I could plant myself here all day.I'm not a coffee snob, but loved the flavor of the espresso in my americano.  I'm not sure what chai mix they use, but it's awesome.  Drive Thru makes it easy in the mornings too.
4	Looked for a good coffee shop with free Wi-Fi near my grandparents in Sun City, and this is what I found. Score. Instead of going for my safe Vanilla Latte, I asked the cashier what she recommended, and she said she loved the white mocha with caramel, so I went for it. It's a bit too sweet for my taste -- it rather masks the espresso -- but I see how some people would really like it.The service is nice, but not as completely engaging as the really great coffee shops I've been to. I guess it's probably telling that there's no coffee bar. Atmosphere is subdued, with a good amount of natural light plus halogens. As the others have noted, the music is just right. As another reviewer noted, I guess it is a chain, but it doesn't have the overly corporate feel to it, and I find the chairs plenty comfie. I don't see it becoming a five-star, but it's a great place to stop, have a cup of joe, and get some work done.
1	Worst iced mocha I've ever had. About like a chocolate protein shake. Internet was down more than it wasn't. Maybe I came on a bad day, and maybe I picked a bad drink. Oh well. Just a Starbucks wannabe shop for me.
1	This location is "temporarily" closed... Not sure what that means. But call to see if they're open before you drive there... like I did.
3	Had I reviewed this place a few weeks ago they would have gotten a better rating then I feel recently about the place.  Details are as follows (please note that I only go in the morning hours, about 7 am):Ease: Unlike Starbucks, this place never has a wait in the drive thru line, and if there is one, there is only one or two cars max ahead of you.  This makes for a very convenient and QUICK process of ordering and getting the hell out and on your drive to work.Service: Most of the ladies (have yet to see a male) who work here are always very friendly.  They are chipper for it  being so early in the morning when I go.  I frequently get complimented, which is always nice and unexpected...perhaps I am just that cool ;)Coffee: The coffee is decent.  At times it is awesome, at other times it is just ehhh, thus the reason for part of the 3 star rating.  I guess it depends on who makes it.  I usually get the Cafe Americano, iced, or the Mint Chip Mocha, iced, which is delicious but UBER sweet, so be prepared.Food and such: I have tried a variety of items for breakfast, but mainly there everything bagel or a croissant.  When they have them, they are good.  Super fresh and full of flavor (esp. the bagel).  There have been times that I have come where they are ALL OUT of the bagels, which is another reason that I have decided to rate down the score on them.Other misc. items: One morning I was desperately in need of a cup of joe, went to drive up, and a piece of paper hand written said "Sorry for the inconvenience, we are temporarily closed."  WTH?  What a way to notify your customers that you are not open.  Also, today, the credit machines were down, and they had to write my information down the old way...a tad skeptical on this...In either case, check them out.  I like them simply for the convenience of their drive through and the fact that I don't have to wait forever to get a drink.  There prices are decent and cheaper then the competitors.
1	Drove by today and noticed that It's a Grind has been replaced with Dunkin Donuts :) (sigh)
