5	What a great training school for Caregivers and CNA. I will be completing my training this week. Awesome teacher too.
5	I went here for my CNA. I took the day long class for 3 weeks! This was also the CHEAPEST place to get your CNA. Looked at EVIT, Pima, and other vocational schools. In the end I paid $1,098 that is the course (with all supplies) and the exam. The instructors really want you to learn and also the clinical instructor I had, Joan was nice and super knowledgeable. I would recommend AMTI to anyone! :)
5	I am so impressed with this school! They gave us all the tools we needed to succeed and were really there for us to help us all the way through. I made some awesome friends who were my classmates and teachers! I graduated a few weeks ago and already have one great job and a another interview next week.
5	This school is amazing whether you're wanting to go into phlebotomy or CNA and many other programs they offer! You can't beat their learning system and teachers! They are not only the BEST school for these programs, they take payments and the whole tuition is so reasonably priced! I would never think of going anywhere else for these classes!
5	This school is excellent. I was in the Day time class for CNA and  this is my experience.  The Classroom, Clinical, E-Learning and extra  reviews of skills after class  was  a wonderful experience.  The whole program is designed to help someone  achieve the  goal of becoming a CNA.  They have compassionate caring instructors who understand different learning styles.  They all took the time to help if someone was struggling with a skill, concept or confidence. I can't say enough good things about my instructors. There is not enough time  to say how great they were. Skills were very  well demonstrated and clinical was amazing. I also cannot tell you how well put together the E learning was. It was a life saver when I was  trying to reinforce what I learned for the day. The school has high standards and you are expected to do your part. Which is another part of the school that I appreciate.  I am now looking at other classes that I would like to take at the school. Thank you AMTI and all the staff for the wonderful experience. I could not have done it without you. I would definitely take more class here. Another great aspect of this school is that it is reasonably priced for all the classes that they offer. I highly recommend checking the school out and deciding for your self. You will not be disappointed.
