5	I brought my car here in 2006 for repair of a scratched bumper.  The damage was minimal, but the work required removing my entire bumper for repainting.  The staff were very helpful in explaining my options and presenting me with a few choices to get the most bang for my buck.  They completed the work in the quoted amount of time and did a great job.  A few weeks later, I noticed a spot that needed touched up and they handled it immediately and without question.  I would definitely recommend these guys if you need bodywork or paint work done.
5	I was so pleased with the quality of customer service at this body shop, from the very first time I took my car in for an estimate to a couple months down the line when I got my car repaired (they still remembered me!). One thing I really like is that they always pick up the phone. You wouldn't believe how annoying it is when businesses don't do this during normal business hours. They're so personable and gave me an honest quote that I couldn't turn down because it was the lowest in town (I checked out 5 places). They just really made this process painless and smooth. I believe it's a family-run business, and boy does it show in their hospitality.Fran and Jason were the ones that I worked with -- extremely knowledgeable and patient, especially with a customer like me who wants to make sure all the paperwork is thorough and calculations are accurate. Joe DiIorio's (with an "i" not an "l") Auto Body also works closely with Enterprise Car Rental down the street, so they came and picked me up. Those guys down there have a great relationship with this body shop as well and were really accommodating.Overall, the quality of their work is amazing. I had a large dent on the driver side front bumper and had to replace my light (they ended up getting an OEM light instead of the aftermarket one because it didn't match) and get a brand new bumper. They blended the paint for me, washed, waxed, and vacuumed my car, AND their work has a lifetime guarantee. What can I say other than give my highest recommendation and hope other Yelpers can find this helpful, as this is how I found out about them.
5	From my first phone call to Joe Diliorio's, I was impressed. Every staff member I spoke too was kind and eager to help. I was treated like an important client even though my car needed only moderate repairs from a low speed collision. I was able to bring my car in right away for an assessment of the damage. Joe Dilorio's took care of everything from that point on. They dealt directly with my insurance company, ordered the parts (even getting new parts instead of the used ones my insurance company wrote the estimate for, at no cost to me), and gave me a call when all the parts came in. I then brought my car back to them and they completed the repairs in a timely fashion. When I arrived to pick up my vehicle, I was pleasantly surprised to see that they had vacuumed, washed, and waxed my car! Most importantly, the repair work was absolutely top notch. They masterfully blended the paint to match older parts with newer repair parts. My car looks even better than before the wreck!If you don't want any hassle, want to be treated with respect, and want your car looking fantastic, give these guys a call!-Adam
5	Joe Dilorio's Auto Body Shop was so helpful when I needed to get windows replaced. The were able to give me a lower quote then competing auto body shops in the area. They were also incredibly friendly and a pleasure to do business with. I'm planning on taking my car here for all future auto needs.
5	This is the best place we've ever taken our cars to. Their customer service is outstanding. It appears that they really like doing what they do because they are always willing to explain everything in detail. I also like that they don't over charge. I completely trust them to be honest and do the best job possible.
5	This place is amazing! I needed my car repaired after an accident and the guys here were so helpful. They set me up with a rental car as soon as I dropped my car off, repaired my car in a timely manner, detailed it for free, and their customer service was unbelievable!!! I can't recommend this place more!
5	I'm grateful to my insurance company for recommending Di Iorio's Auto Body Shop. After an accident, I needed some body work done as soon as possible. The other recommended shops wouldn't even make an appointment to see me for days. These guys fit me in that afternoon, and coordinated the rental too. Everyone I worked with was courteous and pleasant, and the work was done more quickly than expected. Moreover, they found ways to help save on the expense. The car came out looking better than before the accident -- a few days later, I noticed they had buffed out some scratches that weren't even part of the repair area. I will definitely be back next time I need auto repairs.
2	I usually have nothing but good things to say about this place. I've dealt with Fran and others and have had very good experiences. However, this time was very different. I called to find out how much they might charge to install some brakes and rotors that I had, i was reffered to Mark, the mechanic. I made the appointment with him for Tuesday Sept 30th, he quoted me between $179 - $200 for the work (though the first person I spoke to quoted $150-$179) and told me to bring it at 8am and it would be finished the same day.when I brought it on Tuesday, Septempber 30th at 8 am, Mark forgets that i even made the appointment with him (or didnt bother to make a note of it) saying, "oh, I thought you were supposed to bring this by yesterday". He says I should expect this to probably be done before 3pm. I soon recieve a call from Mark at 10:25am, where he tells me the charge will actually be $240 (for four hours of labor + $13 worth of materials, before even getting started to see how long the job would actually take) and that the car would be ready by 3pm, if not possibly before that. Also for good measure he decides to randomly throw in, "oh, and we don't take checks". The next phone call is at 3:50pm to ask if i actually need to have the car back today, I tell Mark, "yes, of course". (I was expecting to be ready by 3, if not before like he said) When I express that I definitely need it today, he says that he just has to finish this one side and it will be ready by 415. This leaves me with barely enough time to get a bus and get over there before they close at 430. Honestly if what he had to finish on my car could easily be completed between 3:50 and 4:15, i dont think he would bother asking if i still needed to have it that day. As a result I feel that he may have rushed something while putting my car back together, because now something feels slightly off with the feeling of how the cars is aligned or the way the car drifts at times.
5	SO lucky to be referred to Joe DiIorio's after moving to Pittsburgh. It's really invaluable to have "car guys" that you trust. I could detail several experiences here (in comparison to other chain shops), but suffice it to say that they've always been honest, helpful, and fair.
