5	I was shocked to see the one terrible review of this school as my oldest daughter attended the school for 3 years and we absolutely adored everything about it! There are 3 filtered reviews that are hidden from sight and Yelp apparently doesn't feel as if they need to show you those (???) even though all 3 are 5-star reviews. Those scores should definitely be counted, in my opinion. Anyway, when I first toured the school when my daughter was just under 2, I was immediately impressed with the grounds of the campus, how cozy and nurturing the environment was, and how engaged the kids were with the teachers. I even helped out in the office for awhile part-time so I saw it as a parent and from the inside. It's a lovely little school with staff who truly love to teach and love children. I hope Yelp considers me worthy enough to not filter this review but I guess we'll see. For the cost of tuition, you get your money's worth and more for your child. I always knew my little girl was in a safe, nurturing and engaging place and had I not moved to California, my youngest daughter would most certainly be attending Scottsdale Academy.
1	I do not recommend this school. I was extremely dissatisfied with the school's inflexible policies, the communication rendered by employees, and the effects enrollment there had on my child.1) Incompetent CareThe entire time my three year old attended, she had a rash on her rear, as they did not wipe her properly when she used the bathroom. Three year old's need assistance in getting cleaned up after they go potty - this is daycare 101. As soon as my child would come home, her rash would clear up - then return during the next week at school. I spoke to the employees at the school about this on several occasions and nothing was done to correct the problem.2) Forced NapsTwo hours out of the five my daughter attended Scottsdale Academy daily, the children were required to nap. No provision was made for children who don't nap (mine just happens to be one of those kids who don't). They are not even allowed to quietly read or draw - they are forced to lie there. Failing to provide an option for a quiet activity / assuming all children fit one mold is simply bad childcare.3) Inflexible PoliciesThis school requires that you pick up your child at a certain time, regardless of what time you drop them off. For every five minutes you are late, they charge you $5.00. They are completely inflexible about this regulation, even for moms who have other kids to pick up across town after school. Because of this rule, I was forced to pick up my little girl at 2 PM before the other after-school pick-ups I needed to make, thus reducing the amount of time she was spending at Scottsdale Academy. They would do nothing to modify their fees to compensate for this, and were completely unwilling to make adjustments based on actual hourly attendance. It's as if they do not want your business!  Interesting business model - I imagine attrition is high at this school. I know I was only too happy to withdraw my child. (By the way, they don't refund any of your money when you withdraw.)4) Communication ProblemsThe daycare workers at Scottsdale Academy do not communicate with parents about the daily experiences/progress of their children. A slip of paper is provided at the end of the day telling parents that the child napped or did not, ate or did not, and what project was completed. No other information is shared - nothing about social interactions, milestones, problems, or other pertinent issues. When I arrived to pick up my child, everyone there acted as if they were too busy to stop and talk to me.
