5	I saw Captain America here. First thing you notice is the chairs. Big bright Red chairs. Motorized so you can lay all the way back. Do not fall asleep though (or do.... It that is your jam.). They are the most comfortable chairs you will ever have the pleasure in seeing a movie in. Location was super clean, staff was super nice, and I skipped over the theater food.Price was just about the same as other theaters, but you get to sit in these awesome chairs.They validate your parking but it seems like it was only for 1 hour.The Centerpoint parking garage is right around the corner. Better than nothing!Overall, I was happy with my experience, and will be back here again.
4	$5 for students. It's a big theatre and very comfortable. The fact that it's on mill is really convenient. If you know what Ipic is then you will be satisfied with this place because of the price that you pay.
5	Chairs are super amazingly comfy. They have controls on the side for reclining and you can put up the center arm for easy food sharing ( or, ya know, whatever else ;-) )The seats are assigned which I thought was a little strange but I whatever.  Also, tons of fountain drink options and the refills are free ....SAY WHAT!Conclusion : why would I go to another theater that charges the same just to sit in their crap chairs and get ripped off on my soda? Well, I wouldn't.
5	First off, they have these fantastic movie theater seats that are cushy, red recliners that are fully automatic.  I am so stoked that they opened Centerpoint back up and gave it this amazing upgrade. When you buy the tickets, you pick your seats from a seating chart.  This threw me off at first.  But, once I saw the inside of the theater, it was justified and I was blown away.They are like love seats if you push up the armrest between you and your companion. If you don't know the person next to you, that might be a bit weird. Overall, there is definitely limited seating since the theater is average and the seats are gargantuan. You would never have the "stuffy & overcrowded" movie experience.  You better book those seats early!I did not partake in concessions but the soda machine looked very self serve and state of the art. I will be coming back here for sure.Hey Center Point! Think you might get a child care service/option at this location? If so, you could have a ton more business.  I know I sure would!
5	Horrible... don't go.Good, now stay out! Sorry I just want to keep enjoying my new favorite theater in peace. Serious luxury for 2 bucks more than a regular ticket. Woooo! Fancy, quiet. Smells like new. Me likes!
5	Though it is not stadium seating it has something just as good, luxury seats that are like the ultimate Lazy-Boy and they can go almost flat. I believe, at some point, they intend to  offer beer and wine but right now it is just the regular soda, popcorn and candy type of options.  Besides some adult beverages i wish they had an unsweetened ice-tea option for us non-soda drinking folks but hey, you can't have everything - the nice thing - you can get here right off the light rail. It is definitely my theater of choice (I will admit, I live in the area and can walk to it). Overall it is about the most comfortable movie viewing experience I've had and the sound system and digital projection is excellent. I do hope they continue to provide independent movies in one or two of the theaters, as that is a nice homage to the cultural richness of the area and expands the offering of independent film  around the ASU area.
5	5/9/14Theater now has reserved seating. Makes life a bit easier. Buy your reservation online, and show up 5 minutes before showtime :) Bathrooms have been redone. Very clean. Always a plus.
1	I was disappointed.   All the seats are below screen level which means you are looking up at the screen all movie long.  The soda prices are higher than Harkins and you have to serve yourself.   The one high point was they have those soda machines that allow you to select any flavor of the various coke products, but you are forced to battle with others for a small spot to grab your lid and straw.   The theatre smelled like sour milk and restrooms had an awful smell also.  I will never go back to this "Upscale" theatre.  I'll try their regular theatre but NEVER Centerpoint.
5	What an amazing experience! First of all the theater was super clean the bathroom was spotless! Everyone  was so friendly! The first time I walked into the theater  I was shocked! The seats were so comfy and they recline!! Will be going back again! Oh and you can also pick your seats an advance so you know where your sitting all the time!
5	I loved how clean and comfortable this theater was! My husband and I have been to the Dine in AMC in Phoenix as well as the Studio Movie Grill in Scottsdale, but since we never take advantage of the dine in those theaters it doesn't matter to us. All we care about are the comfy seats. This AMC actually has reclining lazy-boy seats! The other two didn't recline. It's closer to our apartment and had plenty of dining options nearby on mill. This will be our permanent movie watching location.
5	This is the only theatre I want to go to from now on!! I love the reclining chairs. They are so comfortable. The theaters are big and it's really clean. I will definitely be coming to this theatre from now on. It's my number one choice! As a side note: they don't allow children 6 and under to rated R films after 6 pm. I think this is amazing!!
5	This is a nice theater. Lobby was just upscale of standard movie theaters, with new style signs and marquee cases. Concession prices are what you'd expect.The theathers themselves are a bit smaller than average, but very nice, and new looking. Curved screen,  electronic recling seats, and you can flip up the armrest to make a "loveseat".We were the only people in the theater at 1pm on a monday. That was nice.  And during action scenes, it felt like there was a subwoofer in the floor somewhere. Thats awesome. The movie we saw was 3d, also awesome. The combination of enhanced visuals and enhanced sound made this movie a superior cinematic experience. I even flinched a little when a piece of 3d shrapnen seemed to be coming right towards my eye.If your interested in the highest quality cinema experience, this is the spot.
4	I went to go see the new Transformers movie here and I didn't know a theater could have seating like this with a recliner. I must be missing out, lol. Everything was good including the customer service. Only thing I thought was odd was the assigned seating that they had.
3	Nice theater and nice leather seats but not sure it's needed especially near college town. Curious how long it will last at the price they are charging.
4	Went here last night to see a movie for the first time. Parking was a little annoying, but that was to be expected for any place on Mill. The actual movie theater was awesome! My ticket was only $7.50 which was so cheap for the quality of the theater. It has reclining seats and a really big screen. I normally get annoyed with seats that recline too much because I feel like the seat in front of me hits me or something, but I felt like I had plenty of leg room. It was like watching a movie in my house. The only problem I had was that when I bought my ticket the guy didn't give me the option of where to have my seats. So I was kinda bummed about that. I wish I could have had an option like the AMC Esplanade does.
3	Wow what a beautiful place.  Nice comfy seating in a very cozy small theatre. There wasn't any regular seating that wasn't so close to the screen so they gave us the two handicap seat in back.  The theatre wasn't full otherwise we were told to give our seats up if it was needed.  No problem.  We were so comfortable that we forgot we were in a theatre and snuggled right together.  The only reason we would only make this a occasional special occasion is the price which was $15 a piece.  We didn't want get any snack because after paying $30 we just figured it would be way to expensive.
4	Went here with the homies after some training. This place is $5 on tues. Service is pretty legit and it's pretty techy. The drink dispenser is ridiculous. lol. My skittles was $4.50 though. Reimbursed by the Corp so it's cool. It's very spacious I'm 6ft with some legs and there was plenty of space between my legs and the seat infront of me.
4	So comfy feels like you are sitting in your room.out of all the upscale theatres i've visited this one is comfier than ipic and the amc esplanade. there are a few cons though:not as nice as AMC's dine-in version at the biltmore even though the prices are pretty much the same, this one doesn't have food.Having to fill your own drink is lame even though they do have tons of flavors in those machines. Similar  soda machines to pei wei or 5 guys. Also the customer service is pretty terrible usually. but it's close by and this is one of 4 theatres in the whole state that allow you to show the ticket taker your mobile ticket and he scans you right in.  will continue to frequent.
2	The location of this movie theater is prime, I'm very glad there's a theater in the downtown Tempe area.  That is where the virtues of this movie theater end unfortunately.  To start with parking is absurd even with a parking garage next door.  When purchasing a ticket either at the desk or kiosk you have to pick your seat because they're assuaged which wouldn't be so bad the typical wasn't that no one sits in their assigned seats which.  This makes everything more difficult because you end up in either an awkward conversation asking people to, you sit in someone else's seat or you go back to the front and get different seats.  Skip forward to you finding a place to sit and these plush motorized reclining seats provided end up ergonomically unfit lacking lumbar and head support, I'd rather just have a traditional movie theater chair.  The chilled movie theater air you've become accustomed to is absent instead the climate is warm and muggy and uncomfortable.  Aside from the above it's a typical movie theater.
4	Great movie theater very different from other AMC theaters in a good way love the reclining seats and the extra-large cup holders.
4	I used to come to Centerpoint as a teenager - it was still a Harkins that sold raspberry spritzers in glass bottles and Toblerone candy bars. The escalators pretty much never worked, so you'd run up the stairs to your movie.Centerpoint has come a long way since then. While I miss the old goodies of yesteryear, the upgrades to the theater are amazing amenities for my adult self. This is now an AMC (so no loyalty popcorns or sodas, unfortunately) They've changed the seating so that you now reserve your seat either ahead of time online (an extra $1.00 convenience charge) or when you purchase your tickets at the box office. I L.O.V.E. this because it means you an skip the crazy lineup for newer movies, and avoid the insane prices of iPic and the weird desk-chairs of Studio Movie Grill. Also, the prices are pretty much what you pay for a normal movie ticket at other theaters (ie. Harkins or other AMCs) - about $11 as of this writing. They have only recliner seats in all of the theaters. The recliners are pretty comfortable - a red pleatherish material that has been clean on all of my visits. The seats each have cupholders on the generous armrests and one armrest can pop up so I can hog my hubby's seat as well. The recliners don't have a crazy long leg support (even with my short legs, my feet usually still hang off the edge a little bit) BUT the space between the end of the recliner and the seat in front of you still allows enough room for someone to move past without having to constantly move your seat if someone gets up in the middle of the movie. It is a stadium-style setup in that you don't have to worry about being able to see over the person in front of you (I haven't had any issues, and as I've mentioned - I'm short) but isn't crazy steep to the point where you feel like you're hiking up and down the theater to get to and from your seat. The recliners have been a lifesaver recently as I had knee surgery and would not have been able to comfortably make it through a 2 hour movie in a normal theater. The concession stands are pretty normal; the usual concessions, the usual inflated movie theater prices. I love that they have self serve soda fountains both downstairs and upstairs. They have a deal with two sodas, popcorn, and candy that seems like a pretty good value (we always come to late night movies and aren't hungry enough for all that stuff!) These days, it seems like they're doing a good job of keeping the escalator working. However, I don't believe it has been cleaned since my teenaged visits 12 years ago ... lots of gross looking debris caked into the ridges... wish they'd go ahead and deal with that. Service is generally decent - the kids working seem pretty nice, and they always wish us a good night as we leave. They have a little machine that will validate your parking in the parking garage, which is very nice (having to pay for parking would be the only thing that would steer me away from coming to this theater, so I'm glad I don't have to worry about it) My only complaint (other than the gross escalator) is that the temperature in the theaters is often uncomfortably warm. It seems to be more of a consistent issue in the theaters at the end of the upstairs hallway (theaters 5 and 6, I think) This is definitely something they should work on, as there's really nothing worse than sitting through two hours of movie in a muggy, hot, theater.
5	Worth the extra couple dollars for tickets. Te seats recline and are super comfortable, be careful not to fall asleep!
5	It's like going to see a movie in your own home there. Really really comfortable seats that recline all the way back. I will only go to movies here.
5	Only been there once, but it's enough to give them 5 stars unless they give me future reason to change!  This AMC is great, very convenient if you live near the Phoenix 85008 zip code area!  Being new to Arizona is important that I let you guys know that!  Also, is very different from what I was used to in north Jersey.  AMC Theaters in the west coast are much more modern and clean.  This location was very friendly and professional, clean (didn't smell like old popcorn and feet!), and conveniently located near restaurants & nightlife as the cherry on top!  Two important things you must know about this location: * Parking is available at the garage attached to it.  And the theater will VALIDATE YOUR TICKET UP TO 4 HOURS!  :-) We didn't know this the first time we "attempted" to catch a show and so we left due to lack of parking!!!* Chairs are extremely comfortable.  Beware.  You might over relax!  Lol!  They are actually leather recliners.....  And seats are assigned for extra convenience!!!There!  Now go enjoy your show! :)
5	Very beautiful theater, the layout is amazing! They have these seats that recline and go all the way back if you're in the front row. That way you're not breaking your neck while watching from the front row. They also have one of those cool as coke machines so you can get free refills on coke and slurpies as well.
4	This movie theater is awesome. There are only about 50 seats per auditorium and they are all comfortable recliners! I've been here twice and it wasn't crowded at all either time. It's also assigned seats, so you never have to get stuck sitting way too close in the front rows. They have one of those cool coke machines were you can make any crazy combination, and since its in the middle of the lobby I think it's free refills. The only downside to this theatre is that you have to park in the garage which costs $10. Next time I'm going to see if they validate.
5	Finally a clean movie theater ! I really hope it stays clean, somewhat quite and comfortable ! Seats are wonderful. Bathrooms were spotless . The only downfall : parking. Pretty pricey parking garage near theater.. but beats driving around forever to find something decent . But that's Tempe for yah ! Bring exact change or charge to ur credit card. $12 for two hours. Our new favorite theater for sure!
5	Nice movie theater  very comfortable  and not extremely  packed like harkins employees  are tremendously  nice and provide great customer  service  i would definitely  recommend this location they don't  do student discounts  but its still worth it
