4	You should def check out mike. Very honest n experience lexus tech. Had a coolant leak and almost all mechanics wanted to replace my radiator but mike found a bad hose n saved me a lot of money. Thnx mike!!!
5	Mike is awsesome, very honest and always very up front with what is going on with the cars.  my wife and i have a 4runner and an LS and this is the only palce in LV that we will take our cars to get serviced. his prices are fantastic and he is always there to answer any questions that i have no matter when i call, very highly recommended
5	TLS Auto was recommended by a guy who works at Findley Toyota in Henderson. Mike, the main guy at TLS, used to work at the dealership and has since started his own shop. Prior to buying a newer Toyota, we were desperately trying to fix our 1998 Toyota Camry, which at one point had coolant leaking onto the floor in the backseat. Anyways, we took the clunker in to Mike to get an estimate and he said that it would cost way too much to fix and that we were better off selling the car, which we ended up doing.We have since then bought a newer certified Toyota and plan on having him take care of it from here on out! TLS is a certified shop and we go to him for all of the required maintenance for our car, rather than the dealership. He runs a friendly and clean shop and although we moved across town, we are willing to drive over to have him take care of our new car. If you have a Toyota, Lexus or Scion, Mike at TLS Auto is definitely the guy to go to, and he does work on other makes and models, too. He is honest and hardworking - and a pretty funny guy, too! Also, you DO NOT need to go to the dealership to do maintenance for your certified car, you can go to TLS Auto or any other certified shop. Since Mike used to work at the dealership, he knows all the ins and outs of the warranty and how to keep your vehicle under warranty with regular scheduled maintenance. Okay, I know I sound like a paid review, but I seriously am just a happy customer, especially after many mechanics around here have tried to swindle me with necessary repairs, so it's refreshing to meet an honest and fair mechanic.
5	Let me start by saying I have always had the dealer work on my 2004 Sequoia aside from the occasional oil change. The last time I was at the deal they told me I needed all kinds of work done and some of that included cv boots on both sides. I had the do the worst side cause I could not afford to do both. Now I was do for front brakes so I opted to buy online and have someone install them. This is were TLS came in a friend of mine referred me to them so I called and got a price to install my parts.
5	Service was done back in September. But finally had a chance to write a review. Had my 2006 Scion Xb serviced here for my water pump change and was half the price of the dealership.  Great shop with an honest family running the place.  Henderson and Las Vegas needs more places like this.
5	Honest and helpful. Mike will be upfront and also give you a guesstimate on the cost of repairs, maintenance and damages.  If he thinks someone else could save you money with specific work, he will tell you to go to someone else! If he feels he doesn't specialize on something in particular, he will let you know! I love and respect how honest he is. He knows what he's an expert at and when to give recommendations. FYI- He also works on other makes and models of card, not just Toyotas
