4	Lived here while we were having our house built.Clean, efficient, great staff. Nice pool and fitness center.
4	Clean apartments. Scheduled activities for residents a couple of times monthly.  Sometimes feels like a retirement community because of the large amount of elderly residents. Rules are anti-family at times. So many rules and regulations here.
5	My husband and I moved here last year and we are very pleased with our life here so far.  There are so many great things about this place I would highly recommend this it.  You are never going to find your perfect haven, particularly when you live in a community among other people, but this place is as good as it gets.  PROS1. Office staff are professional and friendly.  They accept packages and do so with a smile. All seem to genuinely want to be helpful to tenants and are striving for quality service.  They are very good to the kids.  During the school year they have days during the week where the kiddos could stop in for a treat, and during the summer months some of the ladies in the office will come out and offer them popsicles and such.  Very sweet.2. Grounds are well maintained.  Issues are resolved fairly quickly.  I have only had one issue since I moved here and it took less than four hours for someone to take care of issue.3.  Pool area is kept clean and not overly crowded.  There is also two grills for community use with table and chairs available to anyone who wants to use them here.4. Walking distance to shopping (Harris Teeter, Rite Aid, Dry Cleaner, Pizza, UPS Store, Hair Salon etc). (Approximately a 5-10 minute walk across the street, depending on where you live in the community.)5. Large, sunny apartments with plenty of closet space and great patio or veranda!6.  Pets allowed and people are generally pretty good about cleaning up after their dogs7.  This is a privately owned management company and they host a few large parties throughout the year for tenants to enjoy.  8.  There is a Cares Team to make the tenants feel welcomed, and they host a couple of fun events every month.9.  Grounds are generally very quiet.10. Fitness Center (open 24hours), coffee bar always available to tenants, business center and pool table.11.  Excellent schools with elementary school (Providence Springs Elementary) walking distance!CONS1.  If you do not live near the area designated for trash disposal, you literally have to drive your trash quite a distance to get rid of it.  Honestly wish they would have a few different areas where we can drop our trash. (They do offer a couple of different areas for the recycle though).2.  Not well lit at night in some areas
