4	I'm not a huge fan of the Pad Thai at this place (see other reviews about my pickyness), but they have a great curry noodle dish!  This isn't something you would find at most Thai establishments here in the valley....yellow curry with mixed veggies and noodles...yum!  Their cute little springs rolls are pretty good too along with the veggie curry and of course sticky rice mango for dessert!  Not too heavy on your pocket and the owner, who is almost always there, is super friendly...if you go there as much as we have she will remember you and your order.  Location is kind of a strange, in an old strip mall in between the Real bar and one of those second-chance high schools.  If you can find it, enjoy!!
5	This place has some of the freshest tasting Thai food I have had. It is never too crowded and the service has always been great.
5	I eat here all the time and I really wish this place was busier. The food is great and the owners are both very friendly. The only real downside is there's no free refills. I usually drink water so it's not a big deal for me, but some people love their soda. They serve both lunch and dinner but they're closed from 2pm to 5pm- so get there early for lunch!
4	I first came here as a part of a class trip. We all enjoyed ourselves and feasted on the new and different cuisne that is Thai food. It was here that I first met and fell inlove with Pad Thai. It was so wonderfully prepared and delicious. I decided I needed to come back someday for more. And when that day finally came, I needed the navagator feature on my cell phone to get there! This place is really hard to find! so keep your eyes peeled and know that's in the depths of a strip mall. The pad thai was just as good as I remembered it. However, they did serve me bad shrimp. It even smelled bad! I didn't want to eat it. But I took it home to be polite. The deserts are good as well. The coconut ice cream topped with peanuts is surprising to say the least! I say, go! but take a map! Or a navagator if you have it. And be ready to be doted on, but don't expect any free refils on your soda! (boo!) and have a nice time with some nice people eating great authentic food. It was truely a great experience! :)
5	I discovered this restaurant a few years ago and have yet to find a better Thai restaurant in the greater Phoenix area.  The restaurant is surprisingly slow considering how fantastic the food and service is.  It's not often that you find a place with amazing food and no wait for a table!  My favorites are the tom ka gai soup and curry noodles. Nearly every time I've gone here, the hostess/waitress always remembers us and is very courteous & friendly.If you like Thai food, you have to check this place out!
5	This is not a super fancy place, but considering the reasonable cost, friendly and efficient service, great food and low key ambiance I have to give this place 5 stars. The lady serving us told me that this restauarnt had been around for 25 years - so it seems to have done well in a very competitive market. Strange that this was my first time despite having lived in Tempe for nearly 20 years. What was really nice was that they had several good choices for vegetarians. One of us had the Yellow curry in coconut milk with tofu, cabbage, water chestnuts, potato, carrots and onions vegetables in a light yellow curry sauce - boy was that very tasty. The price was very reasonable ($21 +tip) for a shared starter and 2 x entrees. We chatted to the lady and she was kind enough to give us a discount for our next visit.. The restaurant was fairly busy on a Friday night with a typical cosmopolitan Tempe crowd, but we were able to get a seat right away. The folks at the next table were trying the various deserts, but unfortunately I'm trying to lose weight - maybe next time....The Sangkhaya Coconut custard - a Thai custard made with coconut cream) looks good. We will definately add this to our list of great local restaurants. Give it 5 stars considering the very reasonable price..
5	My two favorite cuisine in the whole wide world? VIET tops the list then Thai trails behind closely. I've been to lots of Thai places around the Valley but hands down my favorite is this place. It's kinda confusing to get to (read: mapquest this place or else) but it is worth it. The shop is cute and cozy and the owners are very nice and accomodating. You'll never really find it crowded but they have lots of to go orders and they've been a stable here in AZ for over twenty years. I can't recommend any one dish because all their dishes are diligently prepared and fresh. The prices are pretty good too. Anyone wanna come with on Friday?
3	I have some friends who are madly in love with the Siamese Cat, but I just don't get it.  There is certainly nothing wrong with it, but my meals there have been less than passion-inducing.  The problem may lie in their vegetarian options which is what I eat, but not my friends.  Maybe the meat is really good?Last night we had this amazing (vegetarian) soup, but my meal part was just OK.  I don't think they really get tofu, it looked like it had been cut and steamed like a carrot.  I am certain I will be going back, I am still holding out for being blown away by this place!
1	I haven't had much time to write reviews lately, but I felt a need to post a quick review of siamese cat because the yelp review is way too high and very misleading.  My girlfriend and I stopped here because of the high yelp review. We go to a lot of thai restaurants around town, and this was by far the worst that we have been to. It has an inconvenient location in a somewhat rundown strip mall. The decor inside was not great and it was very empty on a weekend night which is a bad sign. The noodles were overcooked and stuck together in our pad thai. Thai Basil or Thai Elephant are both better choices for quick easy places in the same price range. Tott's is also really great and highly recommended.
4	First visit was for lunch about a year ago, and I tried one of their specialty noodle dishes (#100) and didn't enjoy it.  I was partly to blame since I only enjoy whole wheat and gourmet pastas, and rice and egg noodles either do not satisfy me, or I feel too guilty to enjoy eating them.  So I avoided the noodles and concentrated on the filling and found it blah.I've since had Siamese Cat take-out twice in the past two weeks.  The household enjoyed the following very much:#24 Rama w/ Beef (cabbage and peanut sauce topped w/ crispy egg noodles and red onion)#27 Gaeng Keao Wan w/ Chicken (coconut green curry w/ green bell peppers, bamboo shoots, and basil)#30 Gaeng Ped  w/ Chicken (red coconut curry w/ carrots, peas, bamboo shoots, and basil)#103 Pad Pak Gratiem Prik Thai (chicken w/ pepper, fresh garlic, and "chef's sauce")I am a fan of green curry of nany Thai restaurants (I'm told by a close Thai coworker/friend of mine that Thai curries are some of the easiest foods to prepare), but not this one. SC serves it with bamboo shoots, green bell pepper, basil, and coconut milk.  Green bell pepper (part of the nightshade family of plants and contains solanine, a glycoalkaloid that can trigger pain) is an inflammatory food, and since I'm allergic to many foods, I try to stay away from as many pro-inflammatory foods as I can.  Perhaps my slight aversion to green bell pepper (though I do like the flavor this item delivers in many recipes) mars my enjoyment of this dish since it plays such a major role here.  My only complaint with SC for now is that the entrees are a little too salty.  Otherwise, I'm a fan!  BTW, deep-frying greatly decreases the glycoalkaloid content of nightshade plant foods... french fries and fried green tomatoes, anyone?  Too bad, fried foods can also trigger inflammation in blood vessels, among other symptoms of chronic inflammatory disorders/diseases...
5	I loved this place.  It's kinda tough to find but right next door to the d.e.s. building.  Food was good and the price was even better.  For some reason the price is listed as $$ but this was least expensive thai resaurant I've been to in the valley...My girlfriend and I had dinner and thai tea for under $20.  Great atmoshphere, excellent service.  Will definitly go there again.
5	Ive been coming here for years. I have tried every single place in the valley. Although some are good, there are just too many dishes that are great here. Love the spicy noodle, went on that binge for a while. I have tried the Panang everywhere else and it doesnt compare to siames cat. I dont really care about the decor or the location. If you want decor go to scottsdale. It's not a good location for business though, right off the freeway, so it's mostly know by locals.
5	I love this little mom and pop Thai restaurant.  This is a weekday lunch spot for me.  The service is great, the owner always remembers exactly what I like to order,  the atmosphere is very casual.  Don't let the run down strip mall and the location right next to a DES office turn you off; good food keeps this place going.  If I am with friends we will get the Tom Ka Gai soup.  It is excellent!  For my entree i usually get the Gaeng Ped pork (Thai hot), which is a red curry dish with bamboo shoots.  If I am alone, I will get Gaeng Ped off the lunch menu which comes with an eggroll and a bowl of soup.  I also like the sweet Thai tea.  I always get the Gaeng Ped because it is just so good.  Honestly, I have not tried very many other things on the menu since I love the Gaeng Ped so much.
3	Siamese Cat was, overall, very underwhelming. The food seemed to lack a lot of vibrancy of flavor. Everything tasted basically the same. Portions were average sized at best, though prices matched those of places I like a lot more such as Swaddee, Thai Basil, or Thai Elephant.I got a noodle dish, a friend got vegetarian fried rice, another friend got the red curry, and my sister got yellow curry. The dishes were varied enough for us all to try a good selection from their menu. While the food was well-prepared and the place was clean, albeit small and in a strangely deserted strip mall, it just lacked the oomph we have come to associate with really good Thai food.
3	I really wanted to like this place. I liked the reviews I'd read and had been dying to go...because I love Thai food. I can't go because normally someone has a nut allergy and it just kills the fun for the others.I rolled in tonight for a quiet girl chat night with a good friend of mine. It was unassuming and very clean - decor wasn't what I was expecting, but I was ok with that. The two mega loud grannies in the corner were a bit of a pain - I couldn't hear my friend talking over those 2 whose voices were so loud - did I really need to know your grand daughter got the type of medical procedure that most Christians despise while she was studying abroad? NO. I really didn't. And you really did not need to repeat that word over and over again.The woman serving us was very sweet and very prompt with water - my glass was never empty! Definite plus in my book.We decided to get an appetizer that was 'spicy'. I wish I had been paying attention to what the appetizer was called...ugh. It was pleasant enough to make me happy.I wasn't too thrilled with my main dish - pad thai. It came with chicken and 2 pieces of shrimp - it looks so scrumptious I couldn't wait to tuck into it...I was so bummed. The sauce was a little too tomato-y for my taste. I Actually felt like I was eating spaghetti, but not quite. :(My friend was enjoying her eggplant and chicken dish - it looked fab. I'll have to try it when I go back.It's all right for now, but I'll be able to judge it better with a couple more visits.
4	Tempe is incredibly lucky to have so many great Thai restaurants.  There are at least four within a mile or so of ASU.  Most are popular enough that you'll be waiting for a table on any given weekend around 7pm.For some reason, Tempe's first Thai restaurant (according to the comment on their menu) is tucked away in an unpopular strip mall off the 101 next to a DES office.  My girlfriend and I stopped in without calling first on a Friday night and had the place almost to ourselves.  The tom ka gai was nicely spiced with lemongrass and lime leaves, and didn't have too much coconut milk.  Our green curry was spicy and had lots of fresh Thai basil.  For dessert we had a frighteningly tasty coconut custard dish with sweet sticky rice.Siamese Cat isn't as posh, trendy, or expensive as a lot of other Thai places, but it's a great alternative to the crowds if you're looking for an exotic, romantic weekend dinner.
5	The best Thai food in the valley.  Small family run business, great food and awesome service.  When it gets busy it may take a little longer, but worth every minute.
5	I have been going to the Siamese cat since 1999 and it is some of the best Thai food I have tasted this side of Asia. I read some of the other reviews and while I agree the their Pad Thai is not the greatest, I really enjoy the following dishes (most ordered Thai Spicy as I love super spicy foods);#1. PAU PIA (Spring rolls)#16. TOM YUM (Soup)#27. GAENG KEAO WAN (Beef or chicken curry made with green curry, bamboo shoots, bell pepper in coconut milk.)#30. GEANG PED (Beef, chicken or pork with bamboo shoots, green peas, carrots, red curry and coconut milk.)#32. PAD PRINK GAENG (Beef, chicken or pork with red curry, bell pepper, topped with coconut cream.)#33. PAD PRINK KING (Red curry with beef, chicken or pork and green beans.)#34. PAD BAI KAPROW (Beef, chicken or pork fried with bell pepper, green chili, onion and mint leaf.)#46. SPICY NOODLE (Wide noodles fried with beef, chicken or pork in spicy oyster sauce, bell pepper, onion, carrot and mint leaf.)I would have to say that #34 and #46 are the dishes my wife and I order and like the most, and even though we no longer live in the immediate area we still go out of our way at least once a month to get our fix of "the kitty" as we have come to call affectionately call the restaurant.
5	If you want authentic Thai food this is the place to go
5	Love it!  Have been going here for years and they have never disappointed!  YUM!
5	I stumbled across Siamese Cat shortly after moving to Tempe many years ago and it soon became one of my favorite places to eat.  It's a small restaurant run by a Thai family so you know the food is authentic.  The service is excellent (very fast, very friendly), the prices are low, and the food is fantastic.  I've tried nearly everything on the menu and have never been dissapointed.  I especially love the spring rolls (Pau Pia), anything with curry (especially the Curry Noodles), and the home made coconut ice cream.I've brought lots of friends and family members with my over the years and every single one has loved it, even those who had no previous experience with Thai food.  I really can't recommend it enough.
4	I've read a lot of the reviews and I have to say that some of them are pretty far-fetched.  This particular restaurant has been here forever, a day and  a half.  That says something in itself.  You don't stick around as a restaurant and give 'wierd' or poor service and expect to stay in business.  There is only one dish that I get from this place, but not because I don't like the other dishes.  It's the Curried Chicken.  I absolutely love curried chicken and this place has some of the BEST around.  I think people have a bit different feeling of the place because it is oriental type people, read: Asians, that are running the place.  Big deal and so what?  They are nice enough people, they are serving a good product and their prices are reasonable enough.  Go to some of the local Chinese restaurants and then I can start to talk about some weird, odd behavior from staff.  Admittedly, I haven't eaten anything but the curried chicken, so the rest of the menu I really can't comment on.
2	I also feel misled by the very high reviews of this restaurant.  The service was very good.  The waitress (older lady) was one of the friendliest Asian ladies I have ever met.  (and my grandma is Japanese!!)I have tried many, many of the area thai restaurants.  I LOVE thai food.I ordered the eggplant dish with tofu.  The eggplant was okay, the sauce was yummy but there wasn't enough of it.  The tofu was DISGUSTING.  Seriously, I had to pick it out and not even eat it.  Ick!I think Thai Elephant is the best still.
4	The Siamese Cat was my very first Thai experience when I was about 8 years old, and I have to admit that at the time, I really didn't like it. Now that my palate has matured quite a bit, and the combined facts that I love Thai food and that this place is given some of the most consistently high ratings in the Phoenix area, I had to come back and give them their fair shake.I came for lunch time because I'm poor and I noticed on their website that they have very affordable lunch specials, one of which is my all time favorite Gang Karee. Upon walking through the door, I was struck by the fact that almost nothing had changed in 15 years. I was seated promptly and soon thereafter placed my order.While I waited for my food, another couple came in who clearly had a favorable report with the staff here. When they walked through the door, the server came immediately to them, welcomed them, and then realized that "their table" had yet to be wiped down from the previous customer. She quickly made the table available for them, and over the course of my meal I was struck by the rarity of this kind of familiarity between customers and staff in this KIND of place these days. They ordered their "usuals" and "you know how I like the spice". When the food was ordered, the customers had brought a holiday gift for the staff. I dont really know why Im writing about this, it just struck me that this place has THAT kind of clientele. Impressive.Anyway, the food came out and I liked what I saw. The menu advertised lunch specials come with rice, eggroll, and soup du jour. The soup actually came out first, and it was a remarkably simple soup, but definitely not lacking in the flavor department. It was some sort of garlic/ginger broth with a few vegetables floating around...it was a nice way to start the meal. The main plate came out and I was immediately struck by a couple odd things: this was the first time I had ever seen gang karee (a curry) served on a plate rather than a bowl, and the "eggroll" was in fact two little tiny miniature eggrolls. They were cute, to be honest. Never really seen anyone make eggrolls like that, but they were good and tasty nonetheless.The gang karee was fantastic. Very very good. Texture, flavor, doneness of the chicken, all just right. I did ask for the dish medium hot, and this was nowhere near that, but I didnt mind too much. The only thing I didnt like about the meal was the rice, which struck me as odd considering rice was probably the easiest thing to make on that plate. It just wasn't very good--it had a gritty texture, essentially flavorless, and there was too much of it as far as I was concerned. But hey, I didnt come here to eat rice, or at least not mainly to eat rice, so I only knock them slightly for this one.Overall, my experience was very good. The service was fast and friendly, the food was flavorful and well presented, and it was nice to give this place a personal second chance and to finally learn what this place truly has to offer. I will certainly be back at some point in the near future.
3	In the San Francisco area, I have had good Thai and lousy Thai.  This place, by comparison, would count under the former.Thai food, on the whole, isn't really my taste, but my wife and daughter really like it, so I head over to a Thai restaurant every once in a while with them.  As all the curry and coconut milk really doesn't do it for me, I tend to get Thai fried rices, etc. while I'm there.  At The Siamese Cat, the food was good, but did not quite have the complexity that I am used to at the other Thai spots I have been to (in the Bay Area mostly.)  There was nothing whatsoever wrong with the food--it was just not as interesting as other places in my experience.  Less depth of flavor.Would I discourage you from coming here?  Not at all.  Service and atmosphere were very pleasant.  Don't let my snobby tastes give you the wrong impression.  We had a nice meal here and will return sometime.  Give these folks a try.
3	Decent food. Tiny, cute place. Right down the street from our house.  We weren't the biggest fans of the Pad Thai. Not bad, but we have had better, definitely. Lots of people ordered carry-out while we were there.  Maybe we just need to find the right items to order. :)
5	still my FAV
4	It looks a little scary... okay, extremely scary, on the outside but this place is a diamond in the rough! The atmosphere is a little outdated and the smell... well, let's just say there is something funky going on there, but the food is absolutely delicious and the waitstaff is sweet and attentive. Two thumbs up!
2	My husband and I ate at the Siamese Cat for the first time last night. I am very disappointed in all the dishes we ordered.When trying a new Thai restaurant for the first time, my husband I always get our favorite dishes. We ordered Laab Gai, chicken satay, phad kee Mao (drunken noodles) and phad bai kra prao. It's a lot of food but like most Asians, we like variety in our meal. The satay came out first and it was ok. Nothing memorable- you could taste a hint of the curry power but not much. The peanut sauce was super oily. Next was the Laab - I had high hopes for this because it usually is always good everywhere I go but this dish was much too salty.The noodle dish was the worst dish. The noodles were really hard.  I could tell they did not warm up the noodles enough before cooking it. Also, there was no flavor to this dish at all. A big disappointment as phad kee Mao is always flavorful with the sauce and basil. Lastly the stirfry tasted nothing like what it should have tasted like. It was a typical stir fry and it was quite dry. Overall we phad 33 for everything so the food was cheap. The service is better than most Asian restaurants so we tipped our waitress well.  Sadly, we will not return because not one dish we ordered was anything near our expectations.
5	I love the Siamese Cat. I was practically raised on their food and everyone I have brought here over the years has loved it. Good portions, tasty entrees, and really wonderful spring rolls. Wonderful wait staff as well.
5	I love this restaurant! If you want good, authentic Thai, this is the place to go.  It is located in an EMPTY parking lot so you would never know it was there unless someone told you about it. Their Tom Yum soup is absolutely amazing. Give it a try, you will NOT be disappointed!
5	Our go-to-style restaurant with my boyfriend is any Thai Food restaurant. We're suckers for a good Thai tea. ^_^Anyways, there was a good Thai tea. Huge typical menu and moderately slow service like most. Are server was a kind smiley woman that checked in often. They deserve five stars simple because it was a quite hole in the wall place we expected . Delicious!
3	They have a good looking lunch menu. Pretty decent pricing. But I was disappointed with the food. Had a red curry that fell flat. Didn't get the strong curry and spicy I needed and wanted from the dish. I might go back again for a $7 dollar lunch, but wouldn't pay more for semi-bland Thai food. --keep eatin
2	This was not that great honestly..Food was not as flavorful. I love Thai food I've had it in Cali and WA state. We ordered 27&28 gaeng keao wan & gaeng Kari The food had so lil flavor. It tasted old or something poorly made. Along with #8 combo appetizer Appetizers were awful this should have been their opening to getting you enticed with what "good" will come.  Had dessert too coconut custard with rice. Not impressed.Along with Thai tea this came to 23$ per person not worth it
5	Great food. Friendly. Fast. Been here a few times now for lunch over the past six months and have enjoyed everything I've had. It's a nice quiet place and the service has always been good. There's another Thai place close to us but we like the atmosphere inside Siamese Cat better.
3	Lady that waited on us was super nice. The Pad Thai was not prepared well. I think they put ketchup on the noodles. The Ginger Shrimp, #39, was good though. I was hoping to leave a better review. Maybe next time...
5	I urge you to try this restaurant. They had been in business long before I started working next door 19 years ago. You will not see them from the service road unless looking for them and below the speed limit. It is small and simple.The people as with the food are a delight. I used.to get a delicious cabbage salad with shrimp and peanuts for two days of lunch at my desk. Coffee and desert to die for. When I changed offices I wanted to take a treat to my co-workers of  sticky rice with mango desert. Some then went to the restaurant and praised it. There are many other reviews of differing reactions. I know nothing except that I have tried endless dishes in 19 years and never been disappointed. With many years in business they may think of no longer operating the business. That is why I urge you to try them.
4	The Siamese Cat has been here forever it seems like! Tucked within a small little plaza, my first eating experience here was back in the '90s. Stepping into the restaurant again, it doesn't seem like they've changed much about the decor, or the prices!We ordered a few items and shared an appetizer. The appetizer was a deep fried curry dumpling concoction. It was delicious. Our entrees (A cabbage salad and a chicken curry dish) were decent, but nothing spectacular. Service was good and the server was adept at steering us through the menu to find something we'd enjoy. Go here for the relaxed atmosphere and reasonable prices, and you won't be disappointed!
5	One of my favorite lunch spots, I've frequented this location for years. The service is polite and personable. The food is fast and made to order. The prices are just right, especially the lunch specials. The facilities are older and nothing special, but I come for the food so I don't mind. Every dish I've had was very tasty, and I've never had a bad experience. Repeat customer!
1	Gross. The noodles I'm sure were spaghetti. Beyond that, the food tasted awful. This place is horrible. Sad how places like this remain open and other great places close.
1	Ordered shrimp pad Thai for lunch cost me $10. It is fine if it's $10, if it is good. It wasn't. I read good reviews and was hoping to be completing a review with food stuffed in my mouth and belly full of shrimp and joy. Anyways- I opened my to-go box and found two itty bitty spring rolls and some sauce. The spring roll did not taste good at all so I ignored the second one. My pad Thai was dry :-(. I am lucky I asked for hot sauce to pour over. The shrimp wasn't cleaned out so I got to have a little task of cleaning the poop out of the shrimp before I ate it. That was fun.... I threw $10 into the trash. It wasn't enjoyable. That's sad because I like Thai food.
