2	Not impressed at all. It was $25 for a men's haircut. Lupe took a mere 12 minutes to cut and she didn't even do beginning shampoo. I could have got a much better and inexpensive cut at Great Clips. This was my second haircut here and my last. If you're male, do your hair and pocketbook a favor: don't go to Haircutters in the Park.By the way, they don't like to put tips on credit cards. That's a telling sign that this place is not as high-class as they claim to be.
5	I LOVE this salon. I have looked all over for Aveda products and found this aveda concept salon close to home. I regularly see Philip and recommend anyone who will listen to go to him. He is always talking about the hair shows and classes he has taken recently and he always has something new that we get to play with. You can tell he loves what he does and that is probably why I am sure he will do so well.
1	Very disappointed with this Salon. This was my first time here -  I took my son. I've been to other Aveda Salon's and they've been great, so I really thought I was doing the right thing by having my husband take my son there for a much needed hair cut.While I appreciate that my 11 year old was very grumpy at having to have his somewhat long shaggy hair cut short, I didn't expect to have the Stylist cut as she thought fit.My son eventually picked a style out of a book, and the Stylist commenced the hair cut. In the end, my husband had to tell the Stylist to stop cutting and told her that what she'd done looked nothing like the cut in the book. Her reply was "we'll this looks better'. I don't care what she thought - it was not what my son wanted. And in fact, the style looks awful on him. Not only is it way too short, the cut is choppy, chunky and uneven. It's so short that it can't be cut to fix it, it will just have to grow out.I believe that a Stylist should listen to their clients, no matter the age. My son is right at the age (almost 12) where looks are becoming very important, and he is now miserable that his hair looks 'stupid' (which in all honesty, it does). It can't be fixed, we now just have to sit and wait for it to grow. This should never have happened, if she'd just done what she'd been asked to do, instead of being 'scissor happy' and taking it upon her self to decided what my son needed.While they have agreed to give a refund, (the request was taken down by a grump, short, and rather rude receptionist), I would have rather paid the money  and just got a  good hair cut.Very disappointing from what should have been a great Salon. I wont be returning.
4	I went to this salon for the first time, mainly because it was close.  I had never been to an  Aveda salon and loved the message I got before my hair cut!  I had a very experienced hairdresser and was impressed by the clean and well decorated interior, as well as the friendliness of the staff that works there. I was asked with in minutes of checking in if I would like a glass of water, and was then given one promptly.  Overall, I wish that the prices were a little more affordable, but was pleased with the salon and the experience. I got a great hair cut and had a nice relaxing time.  Can't complain about that;-)
5	The stylist Delilah is fabulous with hair color.
5	Great Aveda salon. I would highly recommend to anyone looking for a good quality haircut and/or color. Great location in Litchfield Park. I've been bouncing around from salon to salon in the West Valley since I moved here and now I've found my place. Very friendly and professional stylists. You won't be disappointed!
5	Absolutely LOVE this place!! What a treat to get your hair done in such a relaxing atmosphere! They start out asking how you want your haircut and than relax you with a scented oil massage... Bring you to wash your hair do a mini facial while they massage your scalp... All the products smell so good.... And I got the cut I usually pay $100 + in NJ for.... All this for $35.... I couldn't have been happier..... Nicole has been our stylist I have returned since that first trip with my mother and three daughters. The first time I had no appt. and they were gracious to fit me in even though it was busy and since I have made an appt with out any issues. Be careful though had what I thought was the salons number and it wasn't when I Googled it and used the call function.... Now it's a permanent number in my phone
3	Professional atmosphere, receptionist, and stylists.  Jessica has done a fantastic job cutting my hair twice, and even though I encountered a snafu when she did my color (all I needed was a root touch up and toner refresh to my existing beautiful color job) I still recommend her.  I had to go back to the salon for a color correction due to hot roots, brassiness, and uneven mid-strands, an overall hot mess.  I wasn't too bent out of shape over the color mishap, color mistakes happen, it's a risk that us bottle-blondes take.  She did a marvelous job on the color correction, it required a bleach bath on certain areas, fillers, further toning, and the application of low-lights, in my option that knowledge and execution makes her good colorist. I WAS unhappy that I was billed $150.00 for the correction (salons don't charge for correcting mistakes their own stylists made), and after a lengthy back-and-forth with management, I was no longer required to pay.  I was further disappointed that management wouldn't take ownership (even though the stylist did) of the color mistake, and attempted to justify her mistake by saying I probably needed a correction in the first place (which I didn't, my existing color was gorgeous and uniform) and that they should have charged me for a correction AND a root touch up on the first visit.  That tactic doesn't work on someone like me who knows color theory and a lot about the hair color process, and I didn't appreciate having my intelligence insulted.As much as I trust Jessica with my cuts and maybe even color again, I really don't want to give my business to them, so I'm on the fence...
5	Jessica did an amazing job on my hair! I will send all of my friends and family over there! I will send everyone there!
5	Santanascissorsaz, We found it a pleasure to walk thru your front doors and  on to your friendly receptionist. Look foward to seeingAll of you soon.Anthony
5	Want to give a shout to Marissa at this salon! she cut my hair and colored it/loved the color-but after a few days with the cut, decided I wanted to go shorter! Got back in to see her within a week and she knew exactly what I was talking about when I walked in for the redo! She was awesome....and I just received a follow-up phone call from her making sure I was satisfied! I've gotten lots of compliments on my haircut; and will definitely go to Marissa again!
