3	Small Bar with booths and tables (inside and outside).Good and solid american bar food.  Fish fry on friday's and burger's that are very satisfying.  Lots of fried apps (Fried pickle chips - Yummaybe.. after one or two you're done) and and a decent kids menu.OK selection of beer on draft.  Red Hook Blonde and 4peaks Kiltlifter were the only micro offerings.. or should I say Macro offerings.  Wish they at least stocked an IPA in bottle or put a decent pale ale on tap.  But, they know their audience in East Mesa and aren't trying to be something they are not.Don't expect to be blown away, but it is fairly priced well prepared food.  You really can't go wrong and we haven't so we visit here at least 4 -6 times a year.Recommended.
5	Great food and fantastic staff.  Been going there since they opened and love it. Great burgers and chicken sandwiches, if your there on Fridays, the fish fry can't be beat.  I am not much of a salad guy, but the Southwest Chicken Salad is more that enough and is great!!
4	good watering hole  service is attentive a few good beers on tap food is tasty good burgs/salads/.tater tots.mmmmmmmmm   tater tots well worth a visit
5	Not the quality I would expect from a restaurant in a strip mall. Great service every time I have been there. Great sport-bar-type menu and though I have heard all of the food is good, I can't seem to order anything but the BlackJack hamburger. Cooked medium with jalapenos and green chilis and the perfect combination of seasoning leaves me a very satisfied customer. Multiple flat-panel tvs around the perimeter with various sports programming, optional outdoor seating, clean restrooms and the owner even comes out to say hello most of the time.
5	Absolutely outstanding service and excellent american style food.  Great salads, sandwiches, and burgers.
4	My mission, should I choose to accept it: 1. Find a lunch spot for the baseball team, 2. It must have TVs for football viewing, 3. It must have beer on tap, 4. 9-12 smelly ball players have to be able to just walk in and not be out of place, 5. Must be near Autrey fields and be in Mesa to be logistically neutral for all the guys, and the most important 6. It has to be better than Flickas (someone else's suggestion for dinner the night before.) No pressure or anything. No problem. Nothing yelp cannot solve! Just drag the map and look for something that sounds like a sports bar, but that has good reviews and appears to have good food. Ah, just the place and only a couple miles away. Perfect. So, myself and a lot of sweaty baseball players ventured on in. Nobody got lost and it was not crowded at all, so we could all just walk in and sit close enough together in the bar at the tables. A clean place with a nice looking bar and lots of TVs in just about every direction, all with football. Each person sat themselves accordingly. There seemed to be quite a few beers on tap, I heard no complaints. Those of us not drinking, got cokes and iced teas. The waitress was great. She got all the drinks taken care of, even seconds and refills, and then was back to take the food orders. Some got burgers, others got things less like bar food. We ordered a Philly cheesesteak sandwich, southwestern eggroll appetizer, and a chopped chicken salad. One of the other guys even ordered a Blackened tuna salad. The options seemed like they covered the range of bar food and well beyond. The food was very good. I loved my salad and the southwestern eggrolls were delicious. Just enough spice to them to make it really good. All of the guys seemed very content with their food and I got the thumbs up for my successful find (filling all requirements.) The prices are a mid range for bar food. Two non-alcoholic drinks, salad, sandwich and appetizer were around $36 with tax and tip. Not cheap, but not super expensive. Thanks yelp.
3	UPDATE:---5 star dropped to 3 star---It actually pains me to do this update, but I feel it's necessary. I recently returned to Lou's and have come to the conclusion that the quality of the service has gone to hell. Not only did our order (for 2) come very late (took longer than a party of 5 that arrived 20 minutes after us (and it was not because of the food, everyone ordered burgers), they were obviously regulars and got firsthand service) but after they had comped a couple drinks for the extra wait, additional "unknown" charges were added to bill, my only guess was to compensate for the free drinks. Funny thing about it was that it was a "Burger Madness" day, that means we were suppose to get a FREE beer if we ordered one of their burgers.... our server offered us the 22oz beers which were NOT included in the price, and yet did not reflect on the bill.I still enjoyed the burger as I usually do (with the exception of the cheap buns they started using), but all-in-all... the experience has left a bad taste in my mouth and I do not plan on returning.
5	Best sports bar in east Mesa. Friendly service, Fourpeaks on tap. Food is always consistant an good. Servers are always upbeat and friendly.
3	I go to this place mainly because its close to home like my last review says service is good although today was slow they only had on server working the place and it wasnt her fault as much as the food was slow coming out of the kitchen I ordered the philly steak sandwich which was suppose to come w/onions and peppers i literally counted two very small strips of pepper and saw no onions i tried to get the attention of the wait person but i decided it wasnt worth the time it would take to get more peppers/onions wife had chicken wings which were fair they do have a few good micros on tap
5	I love this place.  Good food and good service.  They have great perogi's!  Really hard to find in Arizona but we go back a lot just for the Perogi's.
4	They make damn fine burgers - yes delish bar food - get the broccoli as your side, you will not be disappointed.  The quesadilla is pretty good too.  Strong drinks, good burgers, great service!  Winner in my book.
5	Lucky Lou's is a great restaurant with a fun, laid-back atmosphere.  My family and I come here almost every week and we love Lorie (our waitress we always have). The food is good, depending on what you get. It's not fine dining but it's good. Go for dinner one night and check it out.
2	The place itself was interesting and Las Vegas themed through out. Service was a bit slow sometimes so once again another restaraunt i am not blown away by at all as far as our waiter/waitresses.We had gone with a lot of people for a fantasy football draft party type shin-dig. But you would think if a waiter/waitress has a big party they would want to work it to their best effort by making sure everyone is satisfied.  A lot of people were getting annoyed by the waiter forgetting about their drinks or not coming around often enough.Lets get to the FOOD: i had ordered a turkey burger "The gobbler" to be somewhat healthy for the night.  It came out piping hot! awesome.  But...The turkey was bland. my mustard, ketchup, and pickle made it better but nothing Rachel ray mouth watering gurgling noises came out of me at all. I was starving so you would think with me being starving that someone definitely would have heard some sort of a mmmm oh my god yumm of some sort. Nope. None.  Tasted like i could have made the same thing for the same price but made 4 burgers instead even though it wasn't stellar.  My boyfriends buffalo chicken tender sandwich looked more mouthwatering than my plate. The fries were decent enough and i happened to steal off his plate when he wasn't looking.  I had ordered the red cabbage cole slaw which was awesome too especially with the french fries! YUM. Those two things together were awesome! Not too many beers on draft. Disappointed with that for sure.If we go to this location again with friends i will definitely order something else because everyone elses plate looked more amazingly mouthwatering than mine.:(
5	Best place to hang out and have a drink, meet new friends and great food.
5	You will not find a better local bar. It's a if you walked into Cheers the show. Everyone does remember your name whether it is Robert, Kimmie, Jake, or the beautiful Sam, the service is unmatched. Love the place, the service, and the staff.
4	Great food.  Great Staff.  Great atmosphere.  This is definitely more of a middle class, blue collar sports bar, which is exactly why I like it.  Jeans or shorts and T Shirts, and nice friendly customers and staff.  If you're a smoker you can sit on the patio and watch TV.  Be sure to try the Diablo chicken sandwich with jalapeno bottle caps.  Add a cold beer and it doesn't get much better.
5	I am not a small town go sit in the Cheers bar and drink kinda girl. This is the place my husband would take the kids for dinner on nights that I had other plans. This went on for about three years. One day, a few months ago, my husband asked if I wanted to meet him for lunch. He was already at  Lucky Lou's when he called me, but because I had already eaten and he had just picked his dad up from the airport, (His dad just flew in from Chicago for a visit) I would meet them and get a little bit of chat time in before we had to pick the kids up from school.  I asked my husband if they served diet coke, because I don't go Anywhere they don't serve diet coke!!! He said they did so I was on my way.    30 minutes later I was hogging down my husband's Philly cheese steak sandwich and fries!!!!! OMG!!! It was amazing!  I could hardly move when I left! The diet coke was delicious too!  I could not believe how friggin delicious that sandwich was!  Ever since that day I get mad if my husband goes there for dinner with the kids on the nights I have other plans. I am addicted to their Philly sandwich and the buffalo chicken sandwich. The fries are Rediculously good!  And every time we go the staff is always so nice and friendly. It really is a lovely Place.  I love you Lucky Lou's! I am truly the lucky one!
5	My best friend introduced me to Lucky Lou's for lunch about two months ago and I've been back three times since then. The atmosphere is that of a bar, but don't let this discourage you from checking it out. The service has always been spot-on. They are prompt with getting the orders in and with refills.I've had a variety of their lunch sandwiches:California Chicken Wrap (twice; 4 Stars) - very tasty and generous with the chicken. Turkey BLT (4 Stars) - this is huge and I couldn't finish it, but it was yummy. Chicken Caesar Wrap (3 Stars) - too much sauce and lettuce, but otherwise good.Their fries! OM Goodness, their fries! The seasoning that they use on their fries is delicious. It reminds me of Red Robin's seasoning and who knows, it might be the same, but I don't care, it is just SO good.The prices on their lunch sandwiches are very reasonable - right around $7 which includes a side.I've never been here at a time when I wanted to have a beer so I don't know about their selection, but I look forward to checking that out sometime.They have a vast menu at reasonable prices which makes me prefer them over some of the other restaurants in the area.
4	Lucky lou's is a tucked away bar and grill. They have pretty good food there and drinks. I'm a big Coors light guy and they didnt have that on tap, also there is no jukebox. those were the 2 downfalls i had. Other then that its a nice place to hang and have some brewjas, we used to go there after shooting. Nice relaxing place. I've never had like a meal there. I've always gotten something small. like quesadilla, or something like that. Pretty good appetizers.. Overall pretty good.
4	My husband and I can always count on Lucky Lou's.  It consistently has great food and the wait staff is awesome!  It reminds me of Cheers, everyone knows everyone else and the wait staff remember you, what your favorite drink is and are always warm and friendly.  Did I mention they also have Four Peaks Kiltlifter on tap?  The bar is always full and multiple hightop tables, lots of TV's showing the current sports events.  The decor is 50's Las Vegas theme, with pics of the Rat Pack, and flashing lights and slot machines on the shelves.Check it out, you won't be disappointed.
3	Ok...not once have I walked into Lucky Lou's did everyone in the bar scream MEL!Yet, it's only been my 4th visit and I live just down the street.  It really is a neighborhood bar and they do have a pretty decent happy hour special.  Staff was very friendly and ready to serve. I really have to think Lucky Lou's, Lucky Lou's to remember to visit this place.But, I don't get it...it's not my favorite place in the area, the outside view is a parking lot, the food is okay, typically bar food, but next door has great Thai and on the other side is a decent Mexican food joint. It is in my neighborhood...so I will support this establishment....we need options.  See you next quarter in 2013.
4	Great Food, consistent... recommend lunch and the Saturday night Prime Rib.
4	We've only been once so far, so I don't know if I qualify just yet to review Lou's, but I like to let the vegetarians know when I find a bar that actually has some choices for us.  They had a veggie wrap, veggie philly, and veggie burger and some appetizers that were meatless, too.  I had the veggie philly, and it was pretty darn good.  For the meat eaters, there's a lot of burger choices.  All in all, a kickback, friendly bar with tons of options.
3	my wife and i went here last sunday because in mesa az its a sports bar or nothing every thing as usuall was fine the burger we split was good the beer was cold nice selection of brew on tap then my wife said lets get the sw egg rolls 7.95 $ out comes the 2 egg rolls smaller than the small ones you might get at a chinese restaurant served on a wilted bed of cabbage I dont know if they make them there or buy them pre made me thinks they buy them pre made but seriously 795 how about 495 tops for these mediocre apps ......
5	Great place to go, I love the night staff and the food is amazing. Great place to hang out after a long day
5	Excellent service, excellent food, great locally owned place to eat & bring out of town guests. Great atmosphere. Clean. Staff is cheerful & helpful & knows the menu well. We had an excellent experience, food was great, felt great the next day. Fresh & yummy!
4	Lucky Lous is a cool oasis with the temperatures outside rising. I stopped in for a cold beverage and a delicious buffalo chicken wrap.  Outstanding, (4stars)  This place is a nice locally owned watering hole. Staff is very attentive.
4	Love Lou's since it opened...never had ordered the spring rolls..sorry Lou I won't again. 2 rolls cut in half for 7.99 a cheeseburger and fries is 7.79..wow..I will always go back cause the food is good and the drinks are stiff..and the bartenders and waitstaff are excellent..but avoid the spring roll value not there
4	Great burgers!!!  This is our local bar/grill. We eat here a couple times a month. Great food, drinks, & wonderful staff. Its our "Cheers". The burgers are great! I highly recommend the one with blue cheese & bacon! Yum. The veggie wrap is very good too. Best part? For a dollar more upgrade to the tater tots! Don't bother with any of the grill chicken dishes tho, unfortunately it's always under seasoned & bland.
4	Went on Tuesdays for T-bone special and it was fantastic. Very friendly staff with great service.
5	This is a nice, casual bar with plenty of TV's for sports fans.  The entire staff is very friendly; they take the time to know the regulars and make you feel welcome.  The food is very good (California Chicken Wrap is my favorite and my son can't stay away from the brownie sundae!). It's our favorite "go to" place.
4	We happened upon this place a few years ago through a restaurant.com deal iirc, and while we typically don't venture quite that far for dinner/drinks (from QC), the deal was good enough to get me to look it up on Yelp and US for reviews and I noticed people mentioning they served perogies? Hailing from northeast PA, this got my attention, and made it worth the trip to give it a try . Apparently these 'loss leader' deals work, because we've been going back roughly once a month since.Tucked into a random shopping center in NE Mesa, I imagine it's patronage is mostly local, but the vibe is inviting and comfortable. The staff is consistant and attentive (how cool/rare is it to see the same people in a rest/bar over a 2+ year period?). The place always appears very clean, they have a nice mix of big, comfy booths and hightop tables, and have a nice patio. Probably the only negative is a single, uni-sex restroom that obviously creates an uncomfortable queue during busy periods.The food is always very good. The entrees are mostly sandwich-based, but definitely a step above what would typically be considered bar food. The aforementioned perogies are fantastic and would be downright dangerous to my calorie intake if I lived any closer. The Philly cheesesteak, while not 100% authentic, is close enough to have become a staple. They always have at least 4 outstanding, well-rounded craft beer options and offer 22oz pours as well as pints.
5	I just recently moved to the area but this place is hands down my favorite neighborhood spot. Everyone is friendly, food is good. You can find me here usually once a week. Whether it's happy hour with the buds or date night, it's a good time.
3	Food was good, which is why Lucky Lou's still gets 3 stars. If you are looking for a tiny crowded bar with an extremely casual, loud and rowdy crowd then perhaps this is the place for you. Just don't be surprised if you are forced to sit in the smoking area outside, which is cramped and sandwiched between a taco shop and Thai fast-food  joint. Service was extremely slow and we found ourselves getting impatient at every phase of the dining experience. I realize this is more of a 'neighborhood bar' kind of place, so if that's what you are looking for then give LL a try. For me, I won't be returning based on the atmosphere and service.
2	Been going here for years. The food and service has really slipped. I've gotten sick twice after eating here. The place has a smell that makes me wonder how clean the kitchen is. I think I'll go to The Hub instead.
2	We just had dinner here and we are completely unimpressed. The burger my husband had was ok. The wings weren't crispy at all and judging by the way some of them were stuck together, they came straight out of the freezer and into the fryer. The macaroni and cheese from their "Premium Sides" selections was poorly made right out of a box (i.e., Kraft).  Won't eat here again.
4	This is such a great little neighborhood spot! I've been here several times since we moved to Mesa and service is always great. Food is great! I haven't had a dish that I didn't like and I've had a variety from their menu. If they forget something or make an error they most definitely make up for it before you leave. That's really all you can ask for!
3	Food is just ok. Servers and bartenders are good though. Good location and drinks are poured the way it should be.
5	First time here and despite the loud atmosphere the food was exceptional. The shrimp is the best I've ever had. And the wings are the best too (so says my picky husband). So go there. You'll enjoy
3	We have come here a few times, but we forget about it. We came in recently for dinner. It was loud because it was Friday and happy hour. We didn't mind that too much. I was very impressed with the fried zucchini appetizer. It was huge! We split a large salad and a sandwhich. Both were decent. Service was pretty good- I liked that they had employees running food - it shows great team work, and our food was hot when it came to the table. The one thing that really bugs me is they charge for extra ranch and dressings. We asked for extra ranch for the zucchini (and we needed it) and extra dressing for the salad since we split it. There was no way one small thing of dressing would have come close to being enough for the size of the salad. So I get annoyed when places nickle and dime you to death like that. For goodness sakes- I am spending 10 plus on a meal- ya think you can throw in an extra dressing? Geez!
3	3 stars is A-OK and this place is A-OK, I am not sure I am a fan yet (but my friend is).  We tried this for a Saturday burger and beer stop based on Yelp reviews ( we have a few favorites plus we try new places).    The place isn't quite divey but it looks like a real bar and is decorated in a gambling, Vegas theme.  the bar is nicely decorated.  The place gets a lot of regular locals that come in to drink.  I haven't seen Jager poured before noon before, but that happens here on a Saturday.  The staff were ok, but didn't say anything about specials, and were a little aloof.  One waitress with ample exposed cleavage was complaining about patrons watching here while she worked ?!?!??!  The tap selection is decent.    I had the chicken sandwich  "the boss" something or other and my friend had the shrimp.  We both had  the red cabbage slaw and we split some fries.  My sandwich was great, the spicy mustard was good and not too spicy. The chicken was tender and well seasoned.  The bacon was burnt on few of the ends and was unremarkable but the ham was good.  My friend really liked his shrimp and the red cabbage.  I thought the cabbage could have used a bit more flavor but I cleaned my plate.  The fries were crisp with only a slight oil taste.  The prices seem very good. and a bargain for the quality.  We will definitely try this again, and I could see easily boosting it up to 4 stars.
5	My husband and I ate at Lucky Lou's last night and the food was great.  The staff let us know that happy hour was still going so we got $3.00 20 ounce beers.  I had a salad and pork tenderloin sandwich and my husband had a shrimp appetizer basket.  Everything was fresh and absolutely delicious.   We met Jake who was very friendly and he took time to answer my husband's questions.   All the staff was great and I highly recommend you give this place a try.
4	Wings are excellent.  Philly cheese steak is excellent.  Great happy hour prices and friendly attentive service.  Nothing wrong with this place!
