2	BLue Light Special or NOT this place SUCKS!!Very limited selection, HIGH prices. It is kinda nice to be the ONLY one in the store and not have to wait in line or fight carts to get down the aisles.BUT .....(back to TOP)
3	Didn't have product. Very busy so we couldn't find someone that worked there. Probably wont be back!
4	I must say since Sears took over they did a good job with Kmart. The prices aren't bad. From TV's to housewares. They seem to carry higher end products than Walmart. The furniture is of higher quality too. Picked up a nice real wood kitchen table. Its like a mini Sears. It was 8pm and only 3 cashiers were working. They still have layaway and implemented a rewards card program. If more people shop here it will knock Walmart off its high horse. I will be back.
4	I find myself shopping here more and more.  The prices are just as good as Wal-Mart yet the quality of their product is better.  I love the ability to still put items on layaway.  The staff is very helpful and friendly.  The bathrooms need a little updating and attention.  Love the Olan Mills portrait studio inside.  The rewards card is one of the best around.  I was pleasantly surprised when I checked out the other day and I had $10 to use.  YAY!
2	Is Kmart what can I say I just happened to stop by and look around but is not worth it.  I rather go to Walmart
2	Didn't have anything I was looking for....the lines reminded me of Walmart.  This Kmart was out of the way but we were in the area and decided to stop here to see what I was looking. The second Kmart I went to today.
2	It's no wonder that K-Mart is going under. The most incompetent people work at this particular store. If they didn't have these toys on super sale, I would have gone somewhere else.The store is a disaster area.  You can't find anything that you are looking for.  There is no method to department arrangements.  Random merchandise is laying all over the place & the associates are very unfriendly.  Our cashier looked at me like I had two heads when I handed her a few coupons and it took her another 10 minutes to scan them all in because she wouldn't read them & tried to fight me on every single one.
1	Came here for the early Black Friday Deals, they advertised heavy and only had a handful of TV's.  Store manager nearly caused a riot, had to call in over a dozen police officers.
