5	I saw this place as I was driving to the library the other day.  Today, my wife & I decided to give it a try...we were bored of Buckeye's other offerings.  We were immediately pleased when google turned up their website (which offers a nice background story, menu, & contact info).  We called & ordered our food to go.Here is a run down of what we got & how we liked it...Chopped pork sandwich - tender smoky pork shoulder, with just enough sweet/smoky sauce, on a nice size bun - very very tasty, not a hint of fat chunks in the pork, juicy, delicious.Hot link sandwich - thinly sliced hot links smothered in spicy bbq sauce, served in a styro container with white bread on the side - quite nice, a little spicy, great sauce, fun to build your own sandwich with the bread, felt very "back yard cook out."Fries - reminiscent of Wendy's - very good & cooked perfectly.BBQ Chicken - drenched in bbq sauce but not suffocating the flavor of the chicken, a full half bird - tender, juicy, great portion, tasted great with the sauce.Pork Ribs - 3 bones served as part of a combo with the chicken - falling right off the bone, smoky, tender, nice spice combined with the taste of the sweet/smoky sauce.Potato Salad - perfect consistency, not mushy, creamy, veggies still a bit crunchy, didn't taste store bought (though may have been) - yum.Beans - dark bbq style beans, sweet & spicy with a little smokiness, studded with delectable morsels of pork - I could eat a bowl of these alone with some corn bread & be completely satisfied.As you can tell, we rather enjoyed this new little joint.  It actually made me stop missing Famous Dave's back in Chandler, and that's saying something.  They've got great flavor & give out huge portions, at a fair price.  They definitely have the down home feeling nailed.  We will surely be going back.  It's funny to think that with all the new commercial development going up near the freeway, we'd find a gem back in old downtown.  Highly recommended!
4	I'm not normally a fan of Memphis-style BBQ, but Memphis Best is changing my mind. Their menu is surprisingly varied for such a small place (turkey dinner? yup, and how about some pie for dessert?), and the quality of the food is outstanding.  The sauce is sweet and smoky, and never overwhelms the flavor of the incredibly tender meat.Low points: service isn't exactly fast - not slow, but don't plan on coming here for lunch if you only have 30 minutes or so. The coleslaw is uninspired. Parking is rather tricky, with some perpendicular spaces immediately behind the straight-in spots; considering the number of huge duallie pickup trucks in Buckeye, you may find yourself doing several 3-pointers to get out between them. They close rather early, 8 p.m. most nights.Those minor complaints aside, Memphis Best is some d*mn good BBQ. If you're in Buckeye, check 'em out.
5	I'm not a fan of barbecue.  I never have been.  Perhaps it's because I've never tasted authentic barbecue cookin'.  So when friends ranted and raved about how good Memphis Best BBQ was, I was not the least bit interested in trying it out.Well, their obsession with "Memphis Barbecue" (as they tenderly refer to it) ignited my curiosity, so I decided to give it a try.Parking is not that great, but as you enter the tiny restaurant it's literally like stepping through a portal into Memphis, Tennessee.  The walls are decorated with jazz paintings and other things that I can't remember; it made me feel relaxed as though I were at a jazz club sans a live band.A friend recommended I call in the order so it'd be ready upon my arrival, so I did.  I ordered a "6 Pack" of chopped beef with a side of beans.  I also ordered a side of their spicy barbecue sauce.  The order was ready right as I walked in and I was able to pay without any hassle.The food was freakin' awesome!!  The spicy barbecue made it even better.  The beans were very tasty as well.  I was very pleased.  Now I'm the one rantin' and ravin' about the place!My only complaint is that my house is far from their location, and I'm unable to eat there more often.I don't care if the parking is awkward or if I have to wait more than I'd like to get the food; my concern is with the cleanliness of the restaurant and taste of the food.  And both those two concerns of mine were met with superior satisfaction.  Plus, the owner is extremely friendly!If you don't mind driving all the way to Buckeye, do it for Memphis Best BBQ.  You will not be disappointed.  :-)
4	As a transplanted Southerner, I have to say that Memphis Best is the best barbeque I've had since moving to the desert.I was expecting to have to give the place the benefit of the doubt - I was craving a turkey sandwich, and the true test of a barbeque joint - as anyone knows - is the pulled pork.This turkey sandwich was beyond amazing, though.  Smoked & cooked to a consistency beyond smooth, perfectly complimented by the house barbeque sauce and the soft, just-barely-mushy-but-still-holdable-bun - delicious!  The coleslaw was a little lacking, but other than that - perfect.  Also, their potato salad here is delicious - just the right balance between sweet and savory, creamy and chunky.  Highly recommended.The only downside about this place being a true Memphis experience is the lack of sides - I like my barbeque with greens or mac and cheese or any of the other sides served at barbeque joints in other regions, and just like in Memphis, the sides here are fairly limited.
2	This place left me asking what I got for my money.  I took my wife and two of the girls.  The place was clean but the staff was not very friendly.  We spent about $30 for four of us to eat dinner on stryrofoam plates.  The quality of the food was ok but nothing special.  I am sure that we will not return.  I am sure with the economy the way it is that we can do better than this!
4	Update: As of 9 June, Memphis Best is only open Thursday-Saturday, 1100-2000. Gunny says they're shifting their emphasis to catering over the summer. Whether he'll go back to Mon-Sat in the fall remains to be seen.
4	It is my firm belief that Small hole in the Wall BBQ/ Southern places should be given their own set of common customer service rules...I have noticed the small places seem to go at their own pace, forget and change orders midstream and frequently end up treating you like you are visiting at their home not their restaurant. Memphis has this type of feel. We got there right at opening and that created "speedbumps" , still counting change,  putting chairs down , food not made yet...but the good news is this place is delicious in my book. After finally getting our order straightened out ...I had yummy Beef ribs with a lovely pink ring that scream I have been smoked.  the coleslaw was unususua and I loved it ...guess what it was mustard based..loved the taste and the sweet sour effect of sugar in the dressing with the mustard.  husband had the Pulled pork but it wasn't quite as yummy as my ribs, he didn't adore the sugary bbq sauce that had a peppery back kick. Oh well  guess he should have gotten the ribs.  So the  next  time you are in Buckeye stop  bye  and give it a try .
5	Go to this place, eat here, you will love it!  My husband and I ate at Memphis Best BBQ tonight and it couldn't have been better!  We both had a chopped pork sandwich and shared a large order of fries.  The sandwiches were huge and the large order of fries more than enough to share.  The service was very friendly and the prices reasonable for the amount of food.  The sauce they serve was fabulous and home made, a little sweet and a little spicy.  They brought us extra for our sandwiches and we practically drank it!  We have had BBQ all over the country and this ranks at the top.  We can't wait to go back and try some more things on the menu.
4	Huge portions of fabulous bbq...the dinners are enough for two adults tho u wont want to share! The orders can take a little while but its well worth it! Love the chopped pork and baby back ribs! Huge chicken wings!
5	Delicious!! I love the mom and pop atmosphere. My favorite place to eat in Buckeye.
5	I wish people would relax- complaining about styrofoam plates and the like- must be BBQ neophytes.  BBQ is an art form and the best cannot be mass produced, period. It has to be hand crafted, like the best beer. Would you rather the restaurant owner focus on your meat or running dishes through the washer?I lived in the south for a long time, and have had BBQ of every variety- East Carolina,  the several variants of Georgia and Florida styles, Texas, Memphis, Cincinnati, St Louis, Arkansas, and KC style BBQ;  at places reknown and obscure, including the lamb barbeque served at Moonlite BBQ of Ownesboro, KY.  I don't think there's a genuine BBQ place up and down I-75/85/95 whose food I haven't sampled, having been married to a Southerner who insisted on trying them all.I've eaten it off of china, paper and styro plates,  out of to go boxes, in red and white checked paper boats or plastic baskets lined with wax paper  and even served on a tray with compartments reminiscent of a prisoner's chow line  in Fayetteville, Georgia where it came standard with white bread, brunswick stew, bread and butter pickles, and nary a vegetable. I have eaten BBQ smoked on an open trailer pulled by a truck and sold only "to go," and on a roadside picnic table next to an enclosed trailer with a smoker out back on an undeveloped lot. On weekend nights, I have bought my BBQ curbside from someone smoking meat on the street in front of their house  in  a neighborhood of Daytona known as The Bottoms; a place where white folks like myself didn't go without a friend who was a local riding alongside me.  At least a hundred different BBQ joints tried out over a span of ten plus years, and that was only after "prescreening" the places for authenticity. For years I swore the best of them all was Tom Jrs. in Boynton Beach, a tiny shack next to the railroad that made melt in your mouth greens and everything from scratch. (The owner was the son of the famous Tom of Tom's BBQ in the southern Palm Beach area of Delray/Boca Raton.) Well, at least I thought it was the best, but Memphis BBQ of Buckeye has given Tom Jr. a run for first place. Given the fact that I live here in AZ now, I'll take the commute to Memphis Best BBQ over Palm Beach County any day. The meat here is sublime, cooked to perfection, and brimming with the flavor that only slow smoking and tender oversight can produce. People whose idea of BBQ is Damon's, Tony Roma's, Chili's, and other chains won't get it, but true devotees always will.The most amazing thing is that here I am, a transplanted easterner who grew up in the shadow of NY and bounced around the south for nearly two decades, who buys a house in the far end of Maricopa County, yet I wind up in a town that not only has a genuine BBQ joint in town, but also a real NY Pizza joint (a different review altogether.)  For those of you who have had access to either of those oft mimicked but seldom duplicated foods, finding real smoked BBQ is like finding the grail.Who cares how long it takes the staff to serve it or what it's served on, it still beats having to go without.
5	The food here is real authentic BBQ. It's not cheap but it's worth it. The restaurant is small and you do get styrofoam plates and plastic forks, but who cares. The owner is a military vet and is extremely nice. I've ate BBQ all over the USA and would rate it probably my favorite. If you're looking to be waited on by white glove servers this won't be for you. But if you want a great BBQ sandwich you will love it and you will come back!
5	Best BBQ ever!!!, I live in Verrado, and trust me it worth the drive to downtown, to get some!!
4	Ribs! This place is the real deal with Ribs and authentic Memphis BBQ. Note: If you're looking for your typical restaurant fare this aint it. This is down home stick to your insides BBQ. Rib tips are just that and for those of us who savor the crunch, its all there. Darryl Alexander is the owner operator, a true BBQ pioneer and southern gentleman! Now for some pro's and con's. Pro's - They have collared greens and mac & cheese. Con's they are not popular with most folks in AZ so they tend to run out. Con - They are in Buckeye which is a bit of a drive for me. Pro's they are moving to Estrella Parkway in Goodyear soon which means more business and thus....more greens and mac & cheese.If you grew up on soul food and/or crave authentic Memphis BBQ you have to go to this place. I'll be catering my next business luncheon here as well. My rack of ribs (one order) was more than enough to feed four!!
1	I rated this place one star because while it was open, it was TERRIFIC, but now if you go all you get is an empty building. There just wasn't enough business here to keep it open. Sad sad sad. I'll miss you, Memphis Best BBQ. Good luck at your other location in the east valley.
4	Delicious BBQ! Tangy rich sauce and fresh hot meat. Friendly people.And who cares if it's Styrofoam and paper towels vs china and linen napkins: the food is great, who cares what it's on.I had the chopped pork with beans and fries. Kids had pork rib tips (awesome) and a really well prepared hot dog off the kids menu. My husband got the sampler. If you aren't really hungry, it's a meal for three. It's a great idea for your first visit (with two people).I will be back.
5	Darryl, we miss you.  Please post if you are appearing anywhere with your truck!
