5	Phil does such a wonderful job keeping me and the Mr groomed, cute and handsome. Plus the hot towel afterwards is pure joy!
5	To me, there are few things more difficult than leaving your barber, mechanic and dentist and moving to a new town...having to look for replacements. I've tried out just about every barber shop I've driven by and even several that I've read about on yelp. Some have not been too terribly bad and some have just really sucked. I settled on one that is relatively close to where I live (name withheld) because it had the old school barber shop feel and, although I couldn't understand the guy, he always gave me a good cut. But after awhile, I could no longer deal with his thanksgiving stuffing breath...you know, with the onions. I would literally time my breathing so that I would exhale the same time as he would so that I would not be able to smell it. Holy moly it was awful!So while working in the Chaparral area, I did a quick google search for nearby barber shops and the Pavillion Barber Shop came up. They actually list the prices on their website, which I thought were a little high. But then I realized that they have a printable coupon on the website for a discount. So that's good yeah? Plus, it is Scottsdale and sometimes you just have to accept slightly higher prices. So I gave it a shot and I can honestly say that it was the best haircut and best barber shop experience I've had in Phoenix. And yes, you get the straight-blade razor as well as a hot towel. I've since been back a couple times and even if it means driving across town, I will happily for a great haircut. The same two gentlemen (Phil is one of them) are always there and I've gotten the same treatment and results from them both. They're really nice and genuinely appreciated my business.Check 'em out!
5	Phil has always treated me well, is extraordinarily efficient and most importantly gives a phenomenal haircut.  When I find a rare location that takes customer service seriously these days I become fiercely loyal.  I don't/won't use anyone else.
5	Well I have been looking for a good barber and I have just found him. Like many other of the reviews it is very hard to find a good barber and if your looking for one go here and see Phil. I saw the other reviews on yelp and thought I would try him out. I went and got a haircut wash and an honest to goodness hot foam straight shave (hard to find now days) and it all came out wonderful. I thought the prices were in line for the area and maybe cheap for the service. 32.00 for all the services, I think it is 17 for just a haircut. I recommend anyone to go see him if you need a good cut or shave.
5	Thanks to yelp and the reviews I had a very nice haircut and a friendly conversation. Traveling through an unfamiliar area and trying to find a good barber would've been a bear. All the other reviews were absolutely accurate so I won't repeat. But the top was I got the haircut and hot towel at the senior rate of $14. I am so happy that I signed up with yelp just to write this review.
4	My husband went here for a haircut after reading the reviews here on Yelp, and we (I say we, because his haircuts rarely get my stamp of approval!) were very happy!He got a short (yeah!) haircut and it looks great!
5	My 2 boys and I have been going to Phil for the past 6 years... As a matter of fact, my 5 year old will not let anyone else touch his hair except for Phil. Phil gives great haircuts and is one of the nicest guys you will ever meet. His shop is very comfortable and reminds me of where I went as a kid in Brooklyn to get my haircuts. I would highly recommend Pavilions Barber Shop to anyone looking for a great haircut and a great environment.
5	Well, I've got a new barber shop. I went in today after reading about it on here. I was in and out in 20 minutes with the exact haircut I wanted. Phil, you've got a new customer!
5	The shop is clean, has a nice atmosphere and Phil is a friendly guy who provides good cuts at reasonable prices.  Especially like the senior discount! Phil has been cutting my hair for the past 1.5 years and I have never been disappointed. Try Pavillion next time you are in the neighborhood.
2	I dropped in for a Saturday haircut.  I specifically picked this place because of the great reviews here on Yelp.There were two guys in front of me, who got very very short haircuts.  Both seemed sort of displeased.  When it came my turn, I told Phil I wanted to keep my hair long, but clean up the back and sides around the ears.  I told him he could shorten things a little if needed, but not much.He proceed to grab a pair of scissors and basically chop my hair down into a short set of bangs and short everywhere else.  It's not a terrible haircut, but definitely not what I asked for, nor what I wanted.He rushed me out too, and did the hot-towel thing for about 10 seconds.  No razor cleanup on the back, no hot lather, no vibrating shoulder thing that I've had at other places.  Just a quickie cut to get me out of there.This might be a great place if you want a quick crew cut, but you might just go to supercuts for that, too.  I wouldn't really recommend, and I won't be back.
5	Phil is amazing and know exactly what and how to cut a guys hair, i HIGHLY recommend this place to any guy looking for a great barber! Prices are perfect, the place is super clean and has great stuff to look at on the walls while you wait but the best part is Phil...his ability to cut your hair and make you actually leave happy and not wondering whether or not they did something wrong....you won't have that worry here with phil, he knows exactly what and how to cut your hair! and also, he is so friendly and makes good conversation :-)
5	Came all the way from Gilbert due to the proximity to the Talking Stick Casino/Wandering Horse Buffet that I wanted to visit another time as it was so..damn..goood...  Came ridin in on my motorcycle with some crazy ass long scraggly helmet hair - Phil was tied up so I was taken care of by a very friendly woman who has been cuttin and stylin since she was 14!  Very pleased with my new, clean style - and may keep makin the long ass trip for an excuse to frequent that freakin delicious buffet down the street!
4	Several of my friends and I participate in "No-shave November" to support prostate cancer awareness and research. November is only 30 days long, yet it seems so much longer when you can't shave. So, in order to commemorate the end of our self-inflicted discomfort for a great cause, we've decided to get a nice straight razor shave every December 1st.I have never been one to grow great facial hair...or even AVERAGE facial hair for that matter. I'm as close to a "baby face" as it gets for a 33 year old man. Needless to say, I don't typically have the NEED for a straight razor shave, and this was, in fact, my first go for our new annual tradition.Needless to say, I was a bit nervous at the prospect. I mean, there was going to be a woman holding a razor blade to my throat...the living embodiment of my worst nightmare! But, traditions are traditions...even if they're new traditions. So, I brought my daughter along (as a witness), and headed to the Pavilions. When you walk into this place (as a guy), you feel completely at ease. The walls are completely covered in sports memorabilia. There are autographed photos of sports stars from different generations. There are numerous bobble head dolls on the shelves. There are over-sized couches in front of the television. There are two barber stations with awesome chairs where the fate of your facial follicles will be finalized!  As I climbed into my chair, my daughter stretched out on one of the couches. She was set. I sat down, laid back, and closed my eyes. I was so nervous, that I didn't even ask the name of the woman conducting this operation. My nerves were immediately put at ease after the pre-treatment began. There was a mentholyptus rub to stimulate the follicles. There were warm towel wraps. There was a light facial massage. All of those things led to extreme relaxation.The woman was very careful and very thorough. When all was said and done, a month of my life had been rightfully eradicated, and I had my baby smooth face back again. The service was great. While my face was under wraps, I could hear the other barber interacting with my daughter. He was kind enough to offer her a lollipop while she waited for daddy to finish up. Any place that takes the time to engage my daughter and treat her like a person is fine by me!The cost for the shave is $17. So, once a year for this type of service is fine by me. I can do it myself the other 12 times a year I have to shave. But to get that kind of price on a pampering...that's pretty cool. They do offer a full gamut of services including haircuts and facials. You can even opt for a package deal that includes several of the services for a bargain.
4	Quick, easy, in and out in 10-20 minutes every time!  $20 after tip.  My go-to spot for the much needed trim every 4-5 weeks.
5	This was great.. in out and quick with a nice tight fade. I'll def. be going back again. Also, it was nice to have a fast transaction on payment using SquareD.Highly recommended!
5	I've tried several different barbers out here in Scottsdale. Im in the marines and this is the first place that was able to give me a good high and tight with a legit zero. When I come out to Scottsdale for work this will be the only barber shop I use. Very friendly and finish your neck with a straight razor. Good attention to detail as well.
5	Good experience at this shop with Blanca. She was very nice and gave an excellent haircut, even though it was 18 bucks, but that's not her fault. Maybe when they put a hot towel on your face that adds five bucks for the "hot towel" experience? They should pay the stylists more because Blanca needs surgery and there is no health insurance and she probably barely survives in this world, just like many of us who have to deal with low wage paying assholes. I did like how the shop is decorated with sports bobbleheads everywhere and a big TV set showing baseball games. I will only use Blanca, I could not understand what accent the other had in that shop today.
5	I've been getting my hair cut every three weeks here for over a year and definitely recommend this place to all my friends! Phil, the owner, has a lot of experience and does a great job! He is quick, proficient and does a great job every time I go in.
5	Awesome local barber shop! The manager and his workers are great! Prices are good. I always get exactly the haircut i want and i see people are always happy with their haircuts. Also the hot towel at the end is very relaxing and worth it! I would totally recommend this to a friend and I will keep going here.
5	Phil knows his shit when it comes to cutting hair.  Tell him what you want and he'll do it.  Much better than going to sports clips or some stupid chain.  Check this place out if you're in the area!
5	It is hard to find a good barber nowadays...thank god I didn't have to look for one anymore, once I came across Phil's' Pavillions Barber shop.   Can't beat the location, price, or customer service.  Phil's the best at what he does.  This is why it's the only place I've been going since he opened for business!
5	This is one of the best hidden secrets in the East valley. Phil and his staff always make you feel like family while remembering personal things about you to stir up great conversation while providing a top notch haircut! Check him out, you won't be upset, I promise!
5	This is my bf's favorite barber shop.  He went through a few places before finding this gem.  It's quick and friendly service.  Phil closed his shop in Queens, NY and opened this one.  If you want the NY barbershop experience, you have to try this place.I just sit on the very comfy couch, read some magazines and admire all the bobbleheads decore. It's such a manly place.
5	Phil and his employees are great! I take my 3 year old son to his shop for regular haircuts. We have seen Phil and other employees on different visits, all have been great with my son! They always make him look handsome, and he loves going there. (The lollipops help too) The men that are in there too all seem to be regulars. The cuts and shaves they are receiving seem to be detailed and of great quality! I highly recommend this place for men/boys of all ages!
5	I don't live in the area, but I travel here a lot, sometimes for a week or two at a time. Naturally, I looked around for a usual set of my go to places, like a couple of places to eat, dry cleaning and such. I have tried a number of barbershops until I found this one. If I want a haircut or need to look sharp for a meeting, Phil is the Man. Professional, friendly, efficient, precise and accurate. The place itself looks cool and clean. What else can I ask for. Apparently, I am not the only fan and it looks like he has a number of regulars, so making an appointment might be a good idea.
5	I've been a patron of Pavillion Barber Shop for over 5 years.   Great customer service.   I'm always happy with the experience.  Phil runs a very clean and professional business.   I have never had to wait more than 5 minutes.   If you are looking for a good barbershop, you should give them a try.
5	My now late grandfather, my son and I started getting haircuts at Pavillion Barber Shop shortly after it opened and I wouldn't think of going anywhere else.The exterior of a nondescript strip mall conceals this tidy, old world man-cave straight out of Queens, NY. Once inside, you'll be greeted by Phil, barber and proprietor, and promptly hustled into a chair. Big, overstuffed leather sofas, magazines of every ilk and sports on the big screen make a brief wait, if any, a pleasure. My son likes to count the extensive bobble-head collection.Phil is a real pro -- fast, super friendly and very skilled at his craft. He doesn't cut corners on service, either. The hot towel and straight razor neck hair trim will have you looking and feeling sharp. I occasionally treat myself to a full shave and haircut. Mind you, I wouldn't dream of weilding a straight razor anywhere near my own face -- I use an electric shaver for a reason. But Phil will have your mug smooth as a baby's keister in a few minutes.If you've been paying $45 at a salon or had one too many hatchet jobs at one of the quickie-cut chains, drop by and see Phil. You won't be disappointed.
5	Phil is the man. Walked in randomly a few years ago and have been back every month or so since. The shop is comfortable, always a game on, leather couches, and plenty of sports memorabilia... but its all about the cut. The first time I walked in I figured 20 mins or so for a quick cut. If it took him 7 minutes I would be surprised (granted I don't have alot of hair left, but still). Took me a while to write this because I would rather not have to wait once the word gets out but they deserve all 5 stars I am giving them.
5	Amazing!!! Went to several barber shops before finally finding this place. Won't go anywhere else unless I move out of State . Not only does the owner do a great job on men's cuts; he's quick and has a great personality.
5	Great place for a haircut. I was referred by one of my friends that has been coming here for years. I don't live too close but it was worth the drive. Michael cut my hair and he is fairly new to az but definitely knows what he is doing. Everyone was friendly and the hair cut was better than I imagined. I felt comfortable and didn't want to go back to work.
