4	Great food- both the yellow and red curries are very good.  Lots of vegetarian choices as well and menu has surprising depth.  Storefront strip-mall type location has no personality, however.  I'd recommend takeout rather than eating in.  Prices are a little high for lunch- $8.50-$9.00 ish, but there are a few lunch specials in the $6.00 range.
4	How does this place only have 2 reviews?  The food and price is just too good for this place not to have some more hype.  It was always empty whenever I went, which was often.  The chicken tikka masala is surprisingly good (given that it has a more thai focus) and spicy (you get to choose the spice level).  The green curry is also good.The amount of food you get for the price is great....all take out comes with a large stuffed box of rice and a generous portion.  One dish could probably fill two people, or give one person delicious leftovers.  Only 4 stars because it never really "wowed" me.  But you won't be disappointed.
4	Great food and a relaxing atmosphere. They've added the adjacent space with some booths and more tables. Cheerful staff, fast service, food is cooked when you order it (not sitting around for hours).
4	My family has certain affection for this restaurant. It does a good job serving healthy Thai-Asian dishes. My favorite is the Jungle Curry Dish. It is great for families since it's often not busy. Most of their business comes from phoned in orders and pick-ups which they are very quick on. They expanded the restaurant last year so there's lots of seating. The decor is bland but clean. The staff is friendly and accommodating. Please try this restaurant. It's a diamond in the rough.
4	Quick and easy restaurant. The menu is on the wall and you order before you sit. The smell is great and I was pretty excited. I concur with some of the other reviews that it is a bit pricey for lunch, but they do have a specials menu. I'll have to check that out next time. Anyway, the masaman curry with beef and potatoes was very good and quite a decent sized portion. Overall worth a shot if you're in the Madison burbs.
4	This is a great local restaurant with a variety of mild-to-spicy offerings. I enjoy the Panang Chicken Curry and Roti. Eat in or take out. I found a good open WiFi signal there recently. The staff is friendly and the service is fast.
1	Somehow the online menu made me lose my appetite? I cant really even explain why exactly?My friend said it was"good",so I checked out the menu,and well, yeah.....Get a different webpage, and change your name.
4	Really great curry! Going here for lunch means fighting the rush and that can mean a wait but well worth it. The green curry & bamboo is delicious, I'd highly recommend it! The atmosphere is decent for being in a small strip mall but the service is what makes up for it as the staff is very nice!The lunch menu is usually the way to go as it's cheaper than the regular menu. And the portions are usually smaller, unless you love jasmine rice, then order away carb freaks!!
5	I love this place.  The food is delicious, the prices are right, and the service is generally pretty quick.  About the only thing I don't absolutely love is the location - it was far more convenient when you could get this stuff downtown - but I'm sure people who live on the south side are happy to have it.The menu is more Thai than anything else, but there are a few Mandarin items and a couple of Indian-inspired dishes.  Everything I've had has been satisfying, though I think the tikka masala and chicken karee are some of their best dishes.  The massaman curry is slightly disappointing compared to other Thai restaurants - it seems a bit watered down - but it's not a total failure.  I also enjoy some of their appetizers/sides (spring rolls, curry purses, roti), and their willingness to adjust the spice level of their dishes is much appreciated!The atmosphere is fine, but not fancy.  It's probably best as a lunch or takeout venture.  Make sure to visit their website first, as they generally have coupons you can print for a few dollars off.
3	It was good but nothing too special. It had a comfortable atmosphere. It's a little hard to find. For a quick lunch it's fine. For something more special, look elsewhere.
4	We've only gotten take out from here.  Will have to dine in sometime to see if they rise to five.  The place is much larger than it appears from the outside.  Inside is decorated very nicely and it is exceptionally clean.  They have some nice benches available to sit while you wait for your take out and magazines are available.  It is cozy and a nice touch.  There is plenty of room inside  and I think we would really enjoy eating in some time.  They have a separate dinning area off to the side so they can seat quite a few people.The menu is straight forward and easy to order from.Our food was delicious and we were very happy with it.They really look like they are working at making this a successful restaurant and I for one would like to see a place like this stick around.   So try them out sometime.    They are sort of like a noodles and co but serve Thai and I would say they are better because of the depth of their menu and their atmosphere is a step up.   They are in an odd location and I think this hurts them.  We will be back.Went back.  We feel the portion size is a bit small for the price.  So be prepared for this.  ie, no leftovers which is maybe a good thing.
4	My wife and I just moved nearby and this is the perfect place for takeout, but we've eaten in both times we've gone. The interior is much larger and nicer than expected from the outside. We've now had Jungle Curry, Pineapple Curry, Pad Thai, and Chicken Tikka. All the dishes have been great. The lunch menu is priced right ($5.50 instead of $8.50) without seeming too small.Others have mentioned that the staff is nice and we agree. They also have a loyalty program that will give us discounts to a place we'd be going to anyway, which is ideal.
4	I can't attest to how authentic it is, but it certainly is delicious. The menu is pretty large and slightly manic, but I think I am okay with that. There doesn't seem to be a rhyme, reason, or ethnicity that really comes through but with the thorough explanations of the dishes on the menu, that doesn't really matter. My husband swears by the pineapple curry dish, and I have to say it is pretty delicious. Not the best I have had, but I really have no complaints. I, however, am a huge fan of the Chiangmai noodles. This dish includes ramen served with a mild yellow curry, cilantro, mushrooms, and chicken. The portions are pretty sizable, but not unmanageable, particularly for the price with the average dinner entree running you about $8. I can't say much about the appetizers; we tried the crab rangoon which tasted very much like a food service crab rangoon that they ordered from Sysco, dethawed, fried, and served. We also tried the pork buns, which were simply weird. The atmosphere is absolutely a few steps above your standard Asian counter/take-out restaurant. Very clean, very organized and it is clear that they are making an effort. It seems to be the same two people who run it most of the time and they are both very friendly and efficient. They also deliver, which we haven't taken advantage of yet, but certainly plan to. With their only location being right off of Fish Hatchery Road on the far Southwest side, they will deliver to our home on the near Eastside of Madison for just a few dollars delivery fee, and pretty late I may add. Definitely a diamond in the rough that is the gigantic and mostly intolerable strip-mall of Fitchburg, Wisconsin.
5	I've been ordering from this place for about a year now. I love almost everything on the menu. The veggie curry, pad ke mao, pad thai, chicken karee are some of my favorites.For appetizers, I would recommend the summer rolls and the steam pork buns.
3	Eh. It's ok. It's not very well spiced, a little bland. I will say, though, that for the lunch prices, it's not a bad choice.
3	At first, I was a little wary of the menu..I couldn't quite figure out if the restaurant was thai..or indian..thai..or indian...and that was a little worrisome to me. Personally, I think those two cuisines are way too different to be served together, but given that there weren't many other dining choices in the area, we decided to give it a shot. I ordered a yellow curry rice dish while my mom ordered a yellow curry noodle dish. I must say, I was pleasantly surprised by the authenticity of the curry. The ingredients were fresh. The curry was creamy and the perfect consistency to spoon over my rice. It really hit the spot! The service was fast and super friendly, but it was kind of strange how they did not bother to bus tables more quickly. (Our table selection was limited to the three tables that did NOT have dirty dishes on it). Probably won't be back anytime soon, but good to know that there is a decent Thai restaurant around!
5	Great food, service and value. If you haven't stopped by since the remodel it's time to go back. Awesome for lunch. I had the chicken panang and it was fantastic.
3	The groupon got us in the door, but the peanut sauce will have us coming back.  While this is not my favorite Thai/Curry place, I do think they win out on a few choice menu items.  Faves being - Curry purses and the Satay.  I also love the use of sweet potato in the curries.  I was also able to ask for my dish to be a little more spicy, since 1 star was too tame on my first visit.This is definitely a solid choice for eating and it is quite nice inside.  The food is great, but I found it a bit pricier than a curry competitor.  Maybe it's atmosphere that commands the higher ticket.  It's not outrageous, just a buck or two, here and there.Solid choice for curry and the menu is dumbed down/Americanized for ease of use and ordering.  I will be a fan of this place, consistent food, decent price and good variety!
1	Disappointed is the only way to describe my encounter with Curry in the Box.  I purchased a coupon from Get My Perks and I tried to used it the second day from the last that it expired.  Unfortunately I did not read the fine print very carefully, it said dine in only.  I had already ordered ahead and had it ready for carry out.  When I got there the cashier pointed out to me that the coupon did say dine in only, she then got a manager for me.  Even after pleading with the manager, he insisted that he would not honor the coupon.  He said that the coupon was designed to get new people to come in the door.  I explained that I was a new customer and had never been there before and that I wouldn't have come in if it hadn't been for the coupon, so it worked.  If I had liked it I would be coming back as a return customer.  Still he was insisted he would not honor the coupon.  He said if I would like they would un bag it and let me sit in the dining room and eat it ????? What the heck!  My husband was at home waiting for me so I was not about to eat it at a restaurant by myself.  In the end the manager decided to let me walk out and not accept the coupon on food that was already made, bagged and ready to go.  He told me I could come back some other time to use the coupon, even though I already explained that it expired the next day.  Even though I really wanted to try the food at Curry in the Box I decided that I would not be a customer now or in the future due to the complete lack of respect and rudeness that I was treated with. Get My Perks graciously credited my account the money that I spent on the coupon for future use.
3	Five of six of my family loved the food from Curry in the box.  The sixth (me) liked it enough to agree to get take out from here for them twice within three days. The Sweet Potato Curry and Chicken Satay in particular stood out.  It did seem to me that the portions seemed small for the cost compared with other Thai take out options in Madison area.  I was completely satisfied with the take out  service (ordering on phone, promptness of order being ready at time committed, quick in and out pick up of food).If you want Thai OR Indian in Madison there are better options, but if you want both, this is a really great reason to consider Curry in the Box.
1	This place is not good. We've given it a couple of tries since everybody has a bad day once in a while. The food was really just never tasty. Most of the time it was poorly seasoned or way over salted. It also really bugs me that this is classified as an Indian and Thai restaurant. It's probably the worst Indian food I've tasted in Madison. If they just called themselves a Thai restaurant and changed the names on their menu, I might have given them two stars.
5	The first few times I went here, I wasn't very impressed by the flavors. However, it turns out that with curry, you really just need to find the type best suited for your taste! I've since discovered their Yummy Green Bean dish with red curry, and it is AMAZING. Not only that, but the fresh steamed pork buns they serve are out of this world. Only downside is that sometimes by dinner they are sold out of them, but I guess that's a good thing, since they're so delicious and everyone loves them!We've also started trying out their Aladdin's Noodle menu in the evenings, and it's just as delicious. They house soy sauce noodles with chicken was amazing. If you haven't tried this place out, you really need to do so! I've branched out on many of their many other menu offerings (their robust wonton soup is PERFECT on a cold day), and have found many other favorites.Their new remodel of the restaurant really freshened things up! One of the area's best curry hot spots!
4	Had a meeting to attend out on Fish Hatchery Rd.  Saw this as a restaurant near the meeting and wanted to give it a try.  Very glad I did.I tried the Chicken Karee.  Was wonderful including the smell.  Just a little bite.I will be exploring more of this menu
5	I love love love Curry in the Box....one of my favorite lunch places in this area...a really nice selection of dishes, great ranges in flavor, food is light yet, substantialyummy yum yum...I wanthint:  they are BEEZAY at lunch....get there early or plan to wait a bit.  they make each dish to order so...you have to wait for them to actually cook your food.  what a keerazee idea!  :P
3	Curry in the Box is consistently decent. It's not spectacular, but it's predictable and tastes quite good. The renovations are nice, and the atmosphere has improved considerably. In the past, I have gotten Panang Chicken, Roti, Volcano Chicken, Crab Rangoon, and Spring Rolls. All of them are tasty and flavored well, and remarkably reasonably priced. The service is excellent; the people are friendly and the food is ready very quickly. It's a great place to go for a quick, cheap dinner.In my opinion, Sa Bai Thong is the best Thai food in Madison, but Curry in the Box is a close second.
5	Wow. This is hands down my favorite place to eat in Madison. Every curry I've had elsewhere since eating at Curry in the Box is a let down in comparison.My favorite dish is the Sweet Potato Curry, but the Pineapple Curry is also very good.The staff is very nice, the food is quick, and the restaurant is clean and inviting.Curry in the Box also had a great loyalty program. Every dollar you spend there, you get a point, and each point is worth 10 cents. So you essentially get a dollar back for every meal you eat there. After about 6 meals, they sent me a free $10 gift certificate to use, and I'm only 3 points away from my next certificate! They also send out mailers with "double points" offers to rack up your points even more. I love good rewards programs!The only negative is that the prices are slightly high. I don't mind paying them because I really love the food, but I wish it were a dollar or two cheaper. The lunch menu prices are excellent though, so if you have time to make it during the day, it will be well worth it.Love this restaurant!
4	I live too close to Curry in Box to have only just recently been here.  I was here recently and am definitely looking forward to going back.  When I walked in I was initially surprised at how big it was and how friendly the host was.  My first request was directions to the restroom, long day, and the host graciously showed me the way.  On my way to the bathroom not to be too dramatic but I was hit by the most aromatic smells I have ever smelled; what a great start!The menu is vast and the host/cashier patiently and thoroughly answered all the questions that I had and even offered some suggestions.  The menu is very organized and it is easy to narrow down what you want by spiciness, meat and sauce.  I finally settled on the squash curry but it was definitely hard not to get the sweet potato curry because that sounded amazing too!I got the home and immediately dove into my food!  The curry was simply amazing and the rice was cooked perfectly.  I do have a couple of qualms about the food however.  I could have done with a lot more curry for my dollar.   The food was delicious but the portion size is definitely on the small side.  I also could have done with a bit more chicken in the curry as well.  With that said however I still feel comfortable giving this place 4 stars because the curry itself was cooked and seasoned perfectly.  I am looking forward to trying many other things on the menu!
2	Two stars for a wide selection and offering delivery service to my area.  Portions are a bit small and quality a little blah for the price.  Also, my experience with their fried food has been hit-or-miss.  I had the best spring rolls on my first order.  Delicately crispy, not greasy--indicative of a skilled hand, the right oil temp and just the right amount of time in that oil.  Unfortunately, two subsequent orders resulted in the same soggy mess which one can get anywhere else in town.  I'll still use them for delivered food a couple of times a year--and on the off chance that the skilled fry cook returns--but really prefer to go elsewhere for my Indian, Thai and Chinese fix.
5	For a quick lunch with a casual atmosphere this place is spot on.  I've only been there once so far but the Chicken Curry was awesome!  I will definitely be back since it's near my new office. I'm pumped to find this place!!!
4	My dad and I went here for lunch and were very impressed with how fresh the veggies were. I liked the flavors. The only cons to me were that we were the only people in the restaurant and the food was a little watery. But overall good experience
5	We love the pad thai chicken and jungle curry. 5 star takeout.
4	Love this place. They have a nice size menus with a variety of options. Nothing is more than $8.95 regardless of what entire you get. I love the chicken karee which is a yellow curry sauce with chicken breast, cashews, cilantro, onions and potatoes served with a nice size portion of rice. Add the roti bread with it for $1. Great satisfying meal. As I have read comments regarding portion sizes, I must disagree. It's curry. You do not want to over due it. I feel they give you good size portions. Everything is made to order so the food comes piping hot. My sauce has always been the right thickness. My only issue is I think the roti bread should come with the meals and not be added on. But it's worth the extra $1. Amazing bread. Highly recommended place. Even for vegetarians and vegans.
5	This is a frequent place for my coworkers and me. The meals are excellent for the price and there are always tables available so there's no waiting around. They also deliver.
4	I had dinner here last night as part of a large vegetarian MeetUp group, so we were served a good selection of items from the menu. My personal favorites were the Tom Kha soup with tofu, the sweet potato curry and the squash curry. The sticky rice with banana dessert is just the right amount of sweetness at the end. Everyone at my table was very happy. I would definitely eat here again.
3	Solid! Not bad, not excellent, but solid.We got delivery last night and chose Curry in the Box because I'd heard they have some good vegan options. We ordered the squash curry and the vegetarian chana masala and an order of the veggie summer rolls. The delivery was pretty quick and the food arrived hot.The summer rolls were pretty flavorless and needed to be smothered in sauce to cover up the taste of plain lettuce. The curry and chana masala were both tasty, but the portions were on the small size considering their price. I liked that you had the option of brown or white rice, which is a big plus in my book.Overall, the food was tasty, but nothing extraordinary for me and I think I might test out other comparable options next time.
4	Tried the Japanese Pan Chicken for lunch.  Awesome choice of a curry dish for a beginner.   This was Julie's 1st taste.  She had Peanut Delight and loved it.  Don't be afraid,  stop in and try it.
5	This is by far one of my favorite restaurants in the Madison area. Me and my friends found this gem and for the rest of the summer proceeded to order from here once a week. Their delivery service even came directly to campus! The sweet potato curry is by far one of my favorites and their roti can't be beat. My only compliment is that I'm not in Wisconsin anymore to eat here!
4	(This review is for the new Curry in the Box on University, in the old Fuzzy's Taco Shop building, but it doesn't look like that location has a page yet.)I'd never been here before today, but I'd had PHENOMENAL curry before at Ha Long Bay, so I was down to try something new. The space is still getting up and running, but it looks very good for the short turnaround they've had. My only, very minor, complaints were that service after we ordered was a bit slow, and my Volcano Chicken came with an overabundance of sweet & sour sauce (I dumped it into the bowl with the chicken and veggies, so a more even sauce/meat & veggie ratio would've been better). Also, something to note about the "crispy chicken" - if you're expecting the sort of "crispy chicken" you get with Chinese takeout, this is not it. It's still good chicken, but it's breaded, not fried in the same way you might be expecting.Other than those little things, everything was great. The crab rangoon was my favorite - really delicious, and it looked lovely too. My friend's Peanut Delight was awesome, and had a much better sauce/meat ratio. Will definitely come back sometime.
3	This place was alright though I have very high expectations for curry based on my experience at the St. Louis Anis Hyderabad Restaurant (shout out!).This is what I ordered:- chicken sweet potato curry - excellent dish!!! by far the very based of what I tried and worth ordering again and again. the sweet potato was definitely the star.- chicken pad thai - didn't really care for this- tom yum soup - not bad,strong lime flavor- lamb curry - normally my favorite dish at indian places but this one wasn't very good, beware the whole spices! they are not a pleasant surprise! :p- roti paratha - these were pretty good (a little greasy but to be expected since roti  paratha is a fried flour tortilla)- veggie samosa - alright as well, comes with a yummy dipping sauce.So this place was ok in general though the sweet potato curry is really good. The actually location has really nice bright decor. Enjoyable to visit.
5	I've been going here since it opened and it's always been amazing.  It's great to see it grow from a small one-family show to two locations, an expanded first location, and a larger staff.  This place is second only to Ha Long Bay, and I think their red curries are about the same.  The family who owns it is really sweet, too.
