4	I almost wept when I saw they had opened a Slices at this end of town.   I don't know what makes this pizza so wonderful, but it's delicious.  Try the veggie or white pizza... I hear the potato bacon is good too.The downside:The place is usually wicked hot inside.  I dunno if they are trying to save a couple bucks and not run the A/C but those ovens make it warm!  Just grab your slices and go sit outside in the foodcourt area instead.
3	I had a heart-attack express slice with bacon, ham and sausage and it was damned tasty.   My only problem with the place was that it was hot as fucking Africa inside and it forced the wife and I to eat outside.   When it's cooler by a mile to eat outside in Phoenix, you know a place is in serious need of A/C.
4	Slices is a great place to pick up a quick bite to eat when you are visiting Desert Ridge.   I had a slice of the BBQ Chicken pizza and a slice of Hawaiian.  Both were very good!   That is just 2 of the wide variety of pizza options they provide.  The staff is friendly and they toss your slices in the oven for a couple minutes to make sure it is warm for you too.The only downfall is a lack of seating, but that can be remedied by the abundance of outdoor seating right outside the front door.  The inside was a little warm, but they had 2 industrial fans going full boar so it wasn't too miserable on this hot August night...
1	Convenient when shopping in Desert Ridge Marketplace, however, the pizza was just AWFUL. There was too much of the cornmeal on the bottom of the pizza (who uses cornmeal on the pizza anyway?) and the slice was cold when they took it out of the oven.I would not go back for this pizza.
5	I work down the street from Desert Ridge so I end up eating there a lot.  Slices is the cheapest and tastiest place over there.  I've only tried the margherita pizza and the pepperoni, but they were both delish.
4	I am proud to say that we finished a whole 19" pizza to ourselves!! We stopped by Dessert Ridge - and I thought we had eaten at every place in there....but the smell of pizza is like music to the ears!Seating is limited in this place - there are only a few tables.Beware that salt was not on the table - its GARLIC powder!There were about 8 different pizza varieties on display - we had the pepperoni and cheese - classic.They win high regards for their crust!
5	Is Slices pizza something I would travel across the globe for? No. But I love their pepperoni and cheese, hot out of the oven and crisp on the bottom. Add some red chili flakes and parm? It's lovely.And yes, I get a thrill out of holding the slice up and letting the grease drip onto the paper plate before taking that first bite. If you're going to be naughty and eat pizza, I say, do it right.
3	Relatively fast sliceof pizza if you're in a rush, but if you're at Desert Ridge you probably have enough time to sit down for a custom made pizza at California Pizza Kitchen, BJ's, Yardhouse, Rock Bottom, or one of the several other places here that make better pizza.There's virtually no seating inside and this place is a disaster on Friday/Saturday nights.  You better hope the person in front of you doesn't take that last slice of the pizza you want in the window.
3	As far as going somewhere for just a slice of pizza, this place is okay.  Not great though.  I don't care for all the little crumbs/dots/seasoning/whatever it is on the bottom of the crust.  I have to constantly brush it off.The price isn't bad for a huge slice of pizza.  The wait isn't too long either.  However, it is always SO HOT inside there.  I won't even sit in there to eat because it makes me feel sick!  I'd rather sit outside in the heat at least with misters and a breeze sometimes than sit in that place.  It's like an oven!
4	I don't know if it's because I was starving, but I really enjoyed my slice here. It was particularly tasty, crisp, and the right amount of sauce and cheese (not too much). I liked the seasoned crust bottom, unlike some other reviewers. For some reason, I always like root beer with my pizza, and my craving was satisfied.What I didn't like: not much seating, Speed channel playing, styrofoam cups with instructions not to refill more than twice. I wouldn't anyway.
3	If you are looking for a quick pizza fix, Slices is the place to be.  They have a variety of pre-made pizzas to choose from, and the slices are generous.  I had the pepperoni and mushroom (yes, I am a creature of habit) and while it was not amazing, it was better than I expected and good for what it was - pre-made pizza that was reheated.  The guys working behind the counter are fast and friendly and really kept the line moving.  I recommend enjoying your pizza outside, since the space is pretty cramped and can get a little warm.  Maybe I will appreciate this more in the winter!?  Good for when you want to grab lunch or a bite before a movie.
4	No better slice of cheese pizza in town. But only go for the cheese--the rest is just pizza. Eat it right out of the oven with a sprinkle of salt, another of garlic powder and an accompanying Jones soda.
4	I'm never disappointed picking up a slice at Desert Ridge slices - the kids love  it, and I'm a fan of the NYC triangle slice too. Plus, I pick up all my weekly magazine reads in their shop as well.
4	So be warned, this place only has pizza to eat, nothing else. But the pizza is great! New York style, thin crust which is my preference. And if you don't want it too greasy avoid adding meats to it. Just stick with cheese.
4	I enjoy their pizza. Nice big slices. I like the "crispyness" on the bottom of the slice,   Today we got the Pepperoni/ Sausage and the BBQ Chicken. Slices were huge so one slice each was enough to fill us up.I'm giving them 4 stars because I enjoy the pizza. My head today wanted to give them 2 stars for service but my heart couldn't.   Service was slow. One girl was working register and getting slices until suddenly a girl emerged from the back. She immediately put her hand up to her mouth and stood there dumbfounded "Which way did they go, which way did they go?"  Where were the usual server boys  today?
5	Slices poops all over other mall pizza places like Sbarro.  Excellent selection, probably upwards of 20 pizza options.  Oh, and who eats plain old boring cheese pizza?
5	Hands down, best pizza I've ever had in my entire life, I could eat a Large order by myself if I wanted to and then some.I always stop by here after I'm done shopping or before a movie. A delicious quick fix when I'm hungry, and they have quite variety of pizza! I think I've tried 'em all!  The female servers there don't seem to happy to be serving but the awesome pizza make up for their 'meh' attitude. :)
3	Good pizza in a pinch. Perfect for satisfying the appetite that you build up from shopping and walking around. It's quick, decent priced and portions are large. It's great on the toppings, the thin crust and, oh yeah, the grease too. But what kind of pizza fix would it be without the grease? While we won't be going out of our way to pick up pizza at Slices we know it's a good go to place when we're out and about at Desert Ridge and in the mood for some pizza. Take note that there isn't much space to sit inside but there's plenty of tables outside in the shopping center which is better for people watching anyhow!
4	Quick and budget friendly for small eaters like me.This is the place I stuff my face in between breaks from work.bacon, cheddar and potato pizza is my fav.+ jones creme soda (my fav creme flav soda)= my ideal meal.I had this every day, and I work 5 days a week lol.Still not sick of it yet.Staff is fast and usually friendly.One of the employees Carlos provides good customer service and is very courteous.
3	Not bad for a quick stop to fuel up. One slice usually does the trick for me. Nice variety of slices most of the time.
4	Great pizza!  My 8 year old daughter ate two slices!
3	A perfectly adequate spot to grab a quick slice (go figure) of pizza.  It's not great, but certainly not bad.  There's a huge variety that's always ready to heat up and be served.  I like grabbing a bite from slices when I'm about to go to a movie, or just looking to fill my stomach up for cheap while shopping at Desert Ridge.
4	Great pizza and pretty good value as well.
5	Best pizza ever
4	The closest resemblance to ny pizza, service is not that great and usually some kids work there who really don't care about customer service or even smiling when talking to customers but that wouldn't stop me from going there for a good slice, their Tuscan chicken pizza is also one of the best, however this place is not cheap , 1 slice is over $3, which I think is overpriced but maybe that's what they go for these days, when I lived in ny, which is about 5 years ago , a slice was less than $2, so I don't know, but I don't eat it that often, usually get it for my son when we visit dessert ridge. p.s: they have snapple
4	3.6/5 Stars - Not bad, usually don't like weird pizza toppings but the potato pizza & chicken Caesar pizza are pretty good. Cornmeal crust takes a little getting used to but not a bad change of pace. Not sure if I actually consider this pizza but would eat here again.
2	Easy place to grab a quick bite, however for what it is, very basic and over priced.
4	Moved here from long island, NY about a month ago an have tried maaaany pizza places, as I consider myself a true pizzahead.  Slices has blown away the other places in the area that I have tried.   I will be back.
4	It seems like highway robbery to buy 4 pieces of pizza and two drinks for 17+ dollars throw in the tip and it amounts to 20. So I got a half a pizza for more than most places sell a whole.
4	Ordered a large Supreme for pick-up. 19" size was beyond belief. Here on vacation in Marriott timeshare and the box barely fit in the fridge. Pizza was nice. Thin crust and plenty of toppings, though they could have done a better job at slicing it up. Only issue is the place is hard to find in the desert ridge plaza. Tucked into a little "alley" that had other restaurants near the AMC theater. Used the car GPS and could not find. Asked a store employee and he pointed to the location.
5	Loved the pizza! If you like thin crust this is the place to stop. I haven't had pizza like this in years.  Loved it.  Ate outside. It was a nice little place to take a break and grab a bite to eat.  Pizza is sold by the slice.  Slices are very large but also very thin crust.
1	Was up in the area and despite friends telling me not to bother with this place, I decided to give it a try. I really wish I would've listened to them and will not be going back. The employees weren't really friendly and when I asked for the slice to go, it was almost an inconvenience for them to do so. They heated up the slice for a few seconds in the oven and it was maybe room temperature when I ate it a couple minutes later. The sauce was really bland and didn't have any flavor at all. I've never had such a bland slice of pizza and the price for what you get is ridiculous. I'm not sure what to rate lower, the pizza or the service.
