3	The New Dynasty is one street west of St-Laurent, in the heart of Montreal's Chinatown. It's a tiny side street which I enjoyed walking through. The place has the typical Montreal chinatown look. Plastic table cloths, huge tables and waiters that speak some French and English. Ours was particularly funny and helpful, and particularly friendly.I ordered a spring roll, four steamed pork dumplings (pictured), and kung bao chicken (chicken with cashew). My sister ordered the crab. The dumplings were excellent, but they were shrimp and not pork as I had asked for. The were well cooked, and of big size. The crab was delicious, and my sister couldn't stop raving about it. My chicken was a dissapointment. The colours were stricking, with a very very bright orange sauce (also pictured). Unfortunately, the sauce was blend and not spicy at all (it was supposed to be a spicy dish, and I requested it to be even spicier). I did end up biting into an uncooked jalapeno, so I guess I did get some spiciness. The chicken was good and the vegetables were ok, but it was nothing special.The bill was moderate. For both of us, it ended up being about $37 with taxes and tip. The service was good, and the food was excellent for the crab and appetizers, but not the chicken. Overall, I'd certainly go back but I probably would first venture a little more into chinatown and try something else first.
4	Note: go there late at night if you can. The day chef is not the same and the food becomes standard stuff. This place is quite bland as far as decor goes. But I haven't been going there for these past years because of the decor. No, the reason is good food for good price. They have the best shrimp wonton soup I ever had anywhere. The rice in their chicken fried rice is soft like it should be. Their sea food chow mein is excellent. General Tao chicken is not soggy, the little peppers are a nice touch as well (Beware of the peppers!). Try their BBQ chicken, it's very good as well, the meat is moist and the skin is crisp, and the special salt they give really makes the skin a joy to eat. I would recommend this place to anyone.
4	I'm writing this review in light of the YouTube video that has gone viral, "Montreal Restaurant Brawl" since it took place at New Dynasty. The owners have lost in excess of $20 000 because of the fight of a handful of hooligans who have ruined it for everyone. I have not gone to this restaurant in a few years but it's one of the better ones in Chinatown for good authentic Chinese food. Their Salt and Pepper shrimp and Lemon Chicken in particular are very good.Since Chinese New Year is coming up on January 23rd, I'm suggesting as many Montrealers and Yelpers go to New Dynasty to help them out and get back on their feet again and show that Montrealers are better than what was depicted on that video.
4	This place has some of the best Chinese food in China town.Anytime I have gone to this place, the General Tao is crispy, filled with white meat and covered in sticky goodness!The peanut butter dumplings are nice and firm, and I know this isn't the classiest thing to do in a restaurant but I do lick the plate in a very discreet way!! LOLThe salt and pepper shrimp are great as well.Try it when your in China Town! U won't regret it!
3	I wanted to check this out since a fellow friendly yelper had mentioned this place for its authenticity. Overall it was an decent experience food-wise with a highlight on the peanut butter shrimp dumplings, corn soup with egg swirl (good job on the swirling) and Gai Lan was done great with loads of garlic. The cons would have to be the stale smell in the air.  I know I wasn't coming here only for the atmosphere, but it distinctly smelled like a a memory from back in the day, a combo of mothball, incense, old carpets and not too circulated air. Having said that though, you forget that it does smell like that after 20 minutes.I'd definitely do take out here for the food, as it is better than some of the others in Montreal.
4	I haven't been to china so I can't say for sure but this place looks authentic and the food tastes authentic. The placed was filled with Chinese people who, like us, appeared to be enjoying their meals. I would recommend any of their chicken items. The corn and chicken soup in particular was delicious.
5	My go to spot in Chinatown after Van Roy's had closed down several years ago. Food is always great. Always a special place in my heart for New Dynasty!
