2	I received a coupon in the mail to Honest 1 Auto Care for $10 off an oil change, and I had 2 cars just itching for some oil. I took my first car in and the staff was very friendly, the wait how ever was very long, I feel like I could have done it faster myself. The waiting area is extremely small with 4 chairs so more people were waiting outside then in. An hour passes and finally they are done the front desk man explains the price and i pay. Come to find out "Honest 1 Auto Care" doesn't have to be honest when it comes to coupons. Even though I gave it to him at the beginning he acted like he completely forgot. So I use the coupon on my next oil change which took an additional hour. I also overheard him helping a lady who worked at the Canery and she gets a discount through her job, the man rung her up and again acted like he completely forgot to add her discount.    Jiffy Lube is much quicker but a little more pricey, but I'd honestly rather pay the little extra, was not very fond at all of the sneakiness the man went to trying to dodge my coupon.
5	Customer service is most definitely the livelihood of his business. I've lived in Las Vegas for a very long time, and the one thing that really stands out about 95% of the workers in the service industry is that they have bad social skills. So, if you want your car serviced by unhelpful, rude, anti-social people, then go somewhere else because HONEST-1 AUTO CARE has the most friendly, and helpful staff I have ever seen at a Las Vegas auto repair store.  The customer service was so good that I thought I was at one of those ritzy full service hotels. One of my hobbies is to jack up my car and change my own oil. But, I recently moved to an apartment, and I don't have much physical space to change my own oil anymore.  Also, my old community had a lot of empty foreclosed houses, so late at night I would usually just throw my old motor oil into the neighbors bushes instead of having to drive all the way to walmart to recycle it. Life was easy back then..It's just too much of a pain in the ass to change my oil and recycle it these days so I just take it into the shop to make life easy again.  The guys who changed my oil at HONEST-1 AUTO CARE were very quick and gave me about 4.5 quarts of a good synthetic motor oil for just a couple of bucks. I am very pleased at how it turned out.The greatest thing about the guys who work here is that they actually really like to answer questions and won't blow you off or condescend you like at other auto service stores. They really have a great lineup of workers here.5-stars!
