5	We keep trying other places and then return to The Klassik for fish!  Both the baked and deep fried cod are awesome.  The perch is also excellent.  Lots of potato choices and for a small additional charge you can get a wedge salad.  Outdoor seating in the summer is really nice, and the inside also has a nice feel...updated from the Cozy Inn that previously occupied the space.  Bruce and his staff are very friendly and attentive, stopping by to make sure everything is OK.  Drinks are good, beer is cold.  No complaints, just a nice relaxing Friday evening with a good fish dinner.
2	To be fair, I'd give Klassik a solid 2.5 to 2.75 stars, but since Yelp is still stuck in the star stone ages, I'm forced to round down.As mentioned, the staff is exceptionally friendly and great - definitely a top notch group of people working here.  Unfortunately, my fish fry experience didn't mirror Nancy's.  It's not bad, but it's not 5-stars.  Cod was greasy, fries were lukewarm, wedge salad was small and not worth the extra $$.  Rolls were from a bag, perch was small and pricey.  Tap beer selections were limited to 4 choices, and were $4/each.I have a full review on my site, the details are in my profile (I hate writing duplicate reviews between my site and here).I'd return, I just wouldn't use the Klassik as my shining example of a winning fish fry.
4	Friday fish fry is good and at a fair price, lake perch also very good. Service was excellent and drinks from the bar came quickly and priced right. One person in our party had the ribeye and enjoyed it. Overall a good place to go with great service and fair pricing. One last comment, we had the banana cream pie and it was very good, it looked and tasted like it was homemade.
3	This was a very old fashion type restaurant. I didn't go to the bar but it was hopping for a weekday evening.The food was good, though I didn't try the fish. I ordered meat loaf. It was nice.
4	I've been back to the Klassik several times now and have been generally very pleased.  While I haven't revisited the fish fry, I have sampled their other goodies, including the wonderful Sunday morning brunch/breakfast.The service is always top-notch.  There's a gentleman by the name of Jimmy who may be the best server/host/bartender in the greater Madison area.  He will definitely take care of your table - he's a great conversationist, super responsive, and really helpful.  Superb.  Absolutely superb.They've added a few weekend extras as well, including hosting the occasional band on their outdoor patio.  I've enjoyed more than a few beverages while sitting on that patio... and speaking of beverages, their beer selection has really improved; all are reasonably priced as well.So... while the fish fry isn't quite yet a winner, the rest of the food, beverages, and "extras" (staff, environment) are truly worthy of 4-stars.  Give this place a try.  You'll be glad you did.Oh... before I forget - back to the breakfast - they only serve until noon, and they tend to run out of the crustless quiche well before they stop serving, so arrive a little early if you're in the mood.  The eggs, bacon, french toast, and omelettes are among the area's best.
5	Love the Klassik.  Recently enjoyed a fish fry (sat outdoors on a gorgeous fall evening). The bartender/server, Jimmy, is awesome!! He makes great drinks and is a great conversationalist. Can't wait to return.Cheryl C.
4	The Klassik is a great bar and supper club down in Verona. Walking inside, the bar is down to the right hand side. It's a long room with an interesting layout.The bar itself is the length or the room. It juts out a little 1/4 of the way down before tucking back in another 1/4 of the way down, then takes a shallow angle inboard to the end of the room, where it doglegs back in on itself at almost 180 degrees. This forms a commanding table out at the very end of the bar. It's pretty cool, but it mans you'll need a minute to figure out where to sit! There are a few hi-top tables on the perimeter and a big picture window with a good view outside. The bar stools themselves have low back with wings that wrap around into armrests -- super-comfortable and great to sit in for a long while.The food is excellent and I have yet to have a bad anything. Dinner plates come with fresh baked rolls, choice of potato, a wedge salad and main dish.The grouper sandwich was delicious. Their ribs were shockingly good with a pleasantly sweet yet spicy sauce; they're easily the best ribs I've had in Wisconsin -- drop in on Wednesdays where you can get a full-rack for the half-rack price. The wedge salad on offer is a 1/5 wedge of super-crisp iceberg with carrot, cucumber and fresh baby spinach served with dressing -- the ranch dressing and blue cheese dressing are both homemade and good options.I've also sampled the cod fish fry a friend had as well as the fried shrimp special. Both are available on Fridays. I noted very high quality fish and shrimp here. The cod had a delicate sweetness I don't find at other places and the battering was light and crisp. The shrimp are jumbo size and obviously from the Gulf of Mexico; they had that tender richness I've only had before in New Orleans. Cocktail sauce is homemade and how I would make it if I were to do it myself -- just the right amount of horseradish to be spicy but shrimp and crispy batter flavors still come through.This is a great treat and I plan to return just for these alone. The loaded baked potato was ok and could have been baked a bit more, but despite being wall-to-wall packed nothing else was under- or over- cooked.Johanna and Jimmy down at the bar are the nicest bartenders in the area and treat you like a regular from your first visit on. The waitstaff is just as nice. I can't recommend this place strongly enough. I've never been in the dining room, but I imagine its at least as good as the bar area. Enjoy it!
4	Great place to watch the Packer game. Nice and clean. Great staff. Prices are very reasonable!
5	I heard a lot of good reviews from Verona locals.  My boyfriend and I decided to visit The Klassik for dinner. Best decision of the week!As soon as we walked in, we noticed the bar on the right side and the restaurant to the left. Very clean and decorated with appealing modern decor. We ordered the cheese curds as an appetizer, Doktor Burgers --- See uploaded photo, and the house made Snickers cheesecake. All were delicious!  The service was wonderful and attentive.  Will definitely return.
5	Wow, finally a fantastic supper club at a reasonable price and close to home!  Everyone was so nice, food was yummy, very unpretentious, will be back again and again!
5	As we always have come to expect, my wife and I had another great meal at the Klassic last night.  The ribs were excellent and the service impeccable.  My wife decided to try the tomato bisque soup instead of salad and she loved it.  The rib special were fall off the bone tender and delicious.
3	I'm not sure why this place averages 4.5 stars.  The food here is okay.  I've had worse, but there is nothing special about the food.  It is one step up from bar food.  They are noted for ribs and while they were good, there are better places to have ribs.  The cheesy hash browns were terrible.  A mound of undercooked potatoes and onions ( which weren't noted in the description ) with a slab of cheese on top.  The decor is old but charming.  It's like walking into my grandmothers house with a bar.  I would not recommend if your looking to have a fabulous meal, but if you just need something to eat, this place will work.
5	After a long hot bike ride, we found this place nearby and decided our legs could use a little post-ride walking to stretch out.  So we walked over and headed on inside to...a very empty restaurant.  It was only like 4 in the afternoon and the kitchen wasn't supposed to open for almost another hour, but we were hungry! Thankfully, the owner and the cook were very accommodating and let us put our order in then.  We would have been really disappointed if we had to leave with empty stomachs.  I ordered a big juicy burger with fries and it was awesome.  I was so hungry that I demolished the whole thing.
4	The kind of place where you can mind your own business and have a drink or leave with everyone knowing your name. Supper Club experience or old school bar where owner stops in and buys you a drink (he did!). Sally, Jimmy, and Phil will entertain as needed and are solid. No fancy drinks but good beer and company. And you can request a pink squirrel or grasshopper if Dok is in. We left with a gift of bread and a smile.
