4	One of my favorite pizza places I've been visiting since I was young. My family are native new yorkers and according to them this place is the real deal. I just know the pizza's are always excellent! Chicken fingers and salads are some of the sides I often order in addition to the pizza and those are pretty good as well. One thing I would recommend is picking your order up, though. It takes forever for delivery.
4	Great pizza - a bit pricey, but worth it. We had the white pizza with cheese, and were blown away. Often times white pizzas are bland to say the least, but this pizza had a great mix of spices and quality cheeses that made it something special. We also got a house salad and garlic fries. If we only got the pizza this would have been a 5 star review, but the garlic fries were very basic, fries with minced garlic on top...nothing special. The service was great (you order at the counter) and the decor was pretty typical for a NY style pizzeria in Las Vegas. We will definitely hit this place up again and again.
3	This is a tiny little pizza shop a couple doors down from Bon Jour Bakery. They've got some pretty good NY style pizza. I got two slices of pepperoni for about $2.25 each. The crust was nice and crispy, the slices weren't overly sauced, and had a good amount of cheese. Not a bad place to get a quick, cheap lunch.
4	I grew up on this pizza. My mom ate this while she was pregnant with me and I've been going back ever since. I love their Italian dressing, I always dip my pizza in it. If you're in the mood for a neighborhood pizzeria check this place out.
3	Not bad at all.  They had a buy 1 large and get a free small pizza promotion going which was great.  I still like Metro and NY pizza better but this was fine.
4	Verrazano's is one of the best places for fresh pizza and wings at super good prices.  I've been eating there since I was a kid in elementary school.  They have been in business since 1980.  Its wonderful to see a small business still alive and kicking after so many years.  The food is still great and the prices are very reasonable.   I've found that its better to dine in, the food comes out hot, fresh and always YUMMY.  I gave the place 4 stars instead of 5 because they have changed their ranch.  One of the things I craved the most!!!  It used to be a homemade style with a kick of garlic, it was perfect.  My absolute favorite but I just tried it yesterday and it tasted like ranch from the grocery store.  It wasn't bad but it sure wasn't that same old delicious ranch that they used to have.  I believe the Verrazano's on Windmill and Eastern still serve the homemade style.  Good eats, great prices, its a winner!
3	I stop here for pizza take out quite frequently as is pretty darn good and close to mi casa!I always order the "New York" style pizza which never lets me down, sausage, pepperoni and onions. Simple and delicious!They have been in business as long as I have been alive so that says something!They even sell pizza by the slice which you don't find often anymore. They have great lunch specials.I only order pizza's as I was once in the mood for wings...bad move.The wings were dry, tasteless and were not as I ordered "garlic parmesan" someone forgot the coating so there we were at home with dry, tasteless, cardboard like wings which ended up in the trash, my pug refused the offer for the appetizer. Great Pizza!
4	Had a Living Social deal burning a whole in my pocket for this place. I came here for a takeout order and service was fast and pleasant. The food was reasonably priced and I was excited to learn they delivered to my area as well. SCORE! We got the 18" meat lovers pizza. It was pretty huge and pretty tasty. Wasn't a fan of the ground beef topping, but now I know to leave that off next time I order from them. Not the best pizza on the planet but it satisfied my craving and I'd definitely like to try their other menu options as well. Their menu is extensive, wings, chicken strips, sandwiches (hot & cold), pastas, pizzas and desserts. My goodness, I love options.I'll be back, most likely for delivery. They also have some nicely price lunch deals to choose from.
4	Their Italian Wedding Soup is excellent!!  We ordered the pasta dinners, which comes with a side salad and garlic bread.  The portions were very hearty and the dinners and bread came out of the kitchen pipin' hot.  I'll surely go back again to try their pizza.
1	RUDE.I've been here quite a few times and usually get them for delivery. However today was the last straw. Usually I go in for slices and Johns always professional however the heavy set Guy is typically cold feeling and dismissive. Fine, I can deal wth that. However today I went in with my husband and he's not a big fan of pizza so I ordered two slices and a drink. He orders a slce with riccota. John looks to I can only assume is the owner and he says flat out we don't do that (rudely) and my husband asks why not since the sign says "slice toppings 25c" he replies we don't do that that's a specialty topping. He never said how much this premium topping would be or anything...seriously you couldn't put ricotta on a slice.... and to top it off they gave some woman a free refill on soda but there worried about losing 20c on cheese....Congrats on losing a customer
4	I lucked out when I moved back to Vegas recently and remembered that I now lived close to Verrazano Pizza. I remembered having it a few years ago and had not been back since. I ordered delivery one of my first nights back in town.They have some good pizza here. I've now ordered twice from them and will keep ordering from them from now on. I need to try some more menu items as well. The first time I got delivery and it was great, the pizza came hot and it was on time. The second time I picked it up on my way home from work. The pizza was good but a little on the greasy side. No big deal though. The staff has been friendly so far.No major complaints here.
1	Been here a couple of times since living here for 7+ years. Now I know why... Service is pathetic. Obvious return business is not their priority. Ordered a baked rigatoni with sausage and an appetizer basket for carry out. Mind you the rigatoni supposedly comes with a 3 cheese blend. Got home no sign of any type of cheese except the grated parmasean cheese I used from the counter. I decided to save this dinner and return it. I came back the next day showed the lady the problem. And all they can do was make another one. Not return my money and make another one for my inconvinence but just wait 20 min and it will be out. Not even an apology. Today will be the last time I step into this place. No return business here. How they were in business since 1978 is a mystery to me. Metro pizza far better pizza and quality of food. Pricier than Verrazano but its worth it for the food and service.
4	Food is great, been coming here since i discovered this place in middle school back in maybe 2002? it became a spot in high school for Durango students, only downside is they dont have dr pepper like they used too
1	Wow great pizza great food. But they have list there way on customer service do yourself a favor and go to the origanal location were there cool. The lady that runs the flamingo location needs to wake up. Customer service is king I will drive 3 more miles for service.
3	I am a Round Table fan and have been for years, but Verrazonos Pizza has grown on me in the months that I have lived here. It is still SO greasy that I am armed with a handful of paper towels to sop up the grease before I eat any.Its no Round Table, but it will do.
3	Big fan of the lunch specials here. Was eating here before YELP existed. The pizza is good, but not the best, but better than most. I prefer to go with the hero's or sometimes the pasta lunch special. 1/2 order of rigatoni and meatballs is good and the 1/2 chicken parmesan hero with fries and a drink hit the spot. The roll is oven baked so the cheese can melt and there are two pretty nice cutlets doused with a subtle marinara sauce. Decent steak fries and only $8.99.  The 1/2 sandwich which is monster sized is normally $8 on it's own. Good deals.      The only semi-issue is that one of the workers there always smokes her ciggy's right in front of the place. She should take her smoke around back. Luckily, the cook in the back made my food, but that chick is doing this pizza place a disservice by puffing away right in front of the place.I assume she washes her hands, but can't be sure, so this is my pet peeve.
4	I haven't been to Verrazano's in quite some time but after a few trusted Yelpers kept mentioning their pizza on YT, I had it in my mind to come back for a slice when the craving hit.I stopped in today for a single slice of cheese. The pizza was solid and I really liked the crust. Not too thin, not too thick. Perfect texture and chewyness factor was on point. For $2.25 I'll be back for a basic slice from time to time. They also offer quite a few lunch specials at reasonable prices. Why I always forget about this place when searching for pizza in the area is beyond me.
4	This is our go-to for delivery. Not just pizza (awesome!) but lasagna, salad, baked ziti...reasonable prices and consistent quality. The delivery drivers are always friendly!
4	This pizza is, in my opinion, the best in Las Vegas. Whatever your favorite topping is, go for it. And don't forget the garlic knots. :)
5	This is my go to pizza place at least 5-6 times month. We always get the #25, a bunch of food and we are always left very satisfied, I grew up going to this joint and I will for as long as I live here in Vegas. Great service too! Quick deliveries!
1	This WAS the best New York style pizza you could get in town! While growing up in Vegas, I have so many fond memories at events and celebrations with Verrazano Pizza. Every order prior to my order today was excellent and on point. While visiting family, I truly had one craving to fulfill and it was for Verrazano! Boy, was I extremely disappointed!!! I crave their pizza weekly and to get this is unacceptable. I ordered two pizzas and both were over baked, a thicker crust and disgustingly GREASY!!! Unfortunately, I will now NEVER return. The photo speaks for itself! It was taken before I threw out several other greasy napkins!
