1	So i went here one late night freaking starving! So I decided to get something real quick. This carls jr was the first fast food I spotted. And my experience in this particular carls jr drive thru was theee worst service I have experienced in my life! First of all the woman at the drive thru took at least 3minutes to even respond and she got my order wrong twice! I actually had to pull up to the srive thru wondow because she could not get my order correct. Finally she gives me total with a rude tone and slams the window in my face while Im asking very politely if she can repeat my order. And to believe it or not that was only strike one for me! so finally she gets back to the window 5 min later (and I am not stretching the truth at all when I say she took 5 min) literally snatches the money from my hand (strike 2) and again slams the window in my face! Ugh! I was really getting to my very last nerve at this point. So she takes awhile to come back my food and of course she gets my order wrong. (strike 3) she over charged me! And surprisingly I kept my cool. So I drive away and get get home and she totally skimped me on my fries!  I dont know if this lady was out to get me or if someone is trying to test my patience! who knows! Maybe she was having a bad day and decided to take it out on me? But this is THE LAST TIME im ever eating carls jr EVERRR!
2	It's fast food, nothing extraordinary, but I love fast food.  I usually hit this location because it's close to the office, they have a good chicken salad and they give me a big glass of water at no charge.  But the last couple times I have been through, they were out of large salad bowls (offering two garden salads with a side of chicken for the same price - um, no thanks) and refused my water request.  Apparently now if you want a glass of water that is larger than a thimble, you have to pay full soda price.  I don't mind paying for the cup inventory but I'm not paying for something I can get from my tap.  And thanks for making me beg for the cup of water which had no ice in it and you didn't give me a straw to drink it with.  Too kind!
2	dirty
4	I've come to this Carl's Jr on a number of occasions and have always received really friendly and attentive service here. I don't normally give four star reviews to fast food chains, but they really seem to go above and beyond at this location.
4	I love this carls jr location the customer service is good and the food well the day I came here was fresh and melted in my mouth especially the burgers as they were really juicy.
1	Usually come here to fix the craving, came in today very disappointed with both the food and the service. I tried the new texas bbq burger, the meat is not fresh, crunchy jalapeno is cold and chewy...can't believe they served me that. Fries are also cold too. Won't be coming back to this location anymore.
5	Great food, good service. Bacon ranch fries! Best friendly service I've had in vegas yet! Thanks to marlene E & her crew!
