4	Nice new little classic sammich shop that cuts the meat fresh, bakes the bread, and cook their own roast beef.  In the next week or so there will be homemade soup.  The sammiches are topped "Jersey Style' with lettuce, onion, tomato, vinegar, oil, salt and oregano, unless you request to not have the toppings.  You can add a few additional toppings such as slice pickle, peppers. There is a Veggie sammich on the menu but did not read what it would have on it. Had the Lebo with swiss, turkey, ham roast beef and bacon with some chips.  The sammich was very tasty.Will have to stop by and try a soup and sandwich.
4	It's great they opened a new sammich shop near me. The subs were good, reasonably priced and not always crowded. I would recommend this to a friend.
4	That's a good mutha sandwich! I had one of the in house made roast beef sandwiches and was very impressed. I don't know if they make their bread in house as well, but it was some of the best bread I have had for a sub. I have always said better bread better subs. You have to swing in here and check it out. The sandwiches are simple, but shoot if you make a sandwich this straight forward and it kicks this much butt, who needs anything else. I'm not really sure if the "fresh cut" meats make a difference but it certainly adds to the experience. I think this could really be a five star place if their sides were a little bit better. I tried the potatoe salad and was disappointed as there really wasn't much to it and it was just bland. Fries would go great with these subs to.
3	Average subs at above average prices. I got an Italian and the most they offered was "jersey style" with vinegar and oil.  My friend got the turkey and provolone. We asked to have the subs hot, but were told they don't do that. Friendly people but absolutely nothing special.
4	I had the chicken salad sub. Chicken salad was very tasty and the sandwich was well made.
4	Happy to discover a non-chain subs option in the neighborhood (I know Badamo down the street is awesome, but they're a bit limited in the traditional cold-cut department).Nice people, nice service, and good, solid food. The subs are $1-2 more than what I would look for in a place to visit more regularly, but I can't really argue with the spin these folks have taken on the Jersey Mike's formula. Meat's cut to order, toppings added as you wish, and the results were a winner at my place. Line was a little slow the day I stopped in, but that's because they were taking care of customers, not slacking and simply waiting out the timeclock.Menu and seating may be a little too limited for some, but I think there's enough of both here to give everyone an option that works for them. Pasta salad was an excellent side to add into the mix.I hope this place sticks as an option in downtown Lebo. I'll certainly stop in again.
4	My first time here and it was a good experience. They carved all the meats and the cheese to order. I ordered the roast beef and it was great quality. The only downside is that they didn't have many condiments for their sandwiches.
3	Meh.  It's just OK.  The actual meats and such are great, so that is why I'm giving it 3 stars.  The bread though - extremely mediocre.  If they could fix that, and improve their counter help, they'd be much better off.  The ordering and pick up experience was weird.  We were greeted and the employee was friendly enough.  But, after being handed our sub's, I had to ask for the sodas I had ordered.  No big deal, but the employee just said, "oh just reach over there and grab them"!  Odd, I thought
