4	This place is great when you need a cup of quality Joe, but don't want to a) get out of your car, and b) go to a fast food drivethru for their horrible brew.  It is drivethru only.The staff is always super-friendly and will come out of their little building to take your order before you get up to the window -- I'm sure this helps with people that are ordering pretentious multi-hyphenate drinks.  The coffee is good, strong and nicely priced.  They even put cool little stickers over the sipping hole in the lid so that none of the precious java spills on you.As a disclaimer, I must mention that I am completely crushing on the gorgeous girl who waited on me today...  my cup even had a cute lip-shaped sticker on it...  was she flirting?  or was it just a random sticker?  I'll have to go back multiple times and find out.
5	Love this place ...the team makes you feel welcome at the drive thru OR if you run inside for the free WIFI.
4	I really like Java Detours drinks. Especially the Oreo Latte, yum!Employees are always very friendly. The one thing that disappointed me is that they had a punch card for customers (buy 10 drinks get one free) and I devotedly brought it with me everytime I went there to get it punched. I was one punch away from a free drink when I handed my punch card over to the employee and she said sorry they discontinued them. I was very disappointed. I understand if they discontinued the punch card concept, but at least honor the ones that are still in circulation!
5	Love the drive-through concept (SO much better than Starbucks or McD's!), the coffee, the smoothies and the stickers!  I have a little collection of them.  The staff are always super friendly and patient while I'm making up my indecisive Libra mind.Edit: they were also extremely accommodating when I picked up coffee there with two vegan friends.  They have a lot of non-dairy, soy-based stuff for the vegans and lactose intolerant among us!  Just one  more reason to love this place.
5	Excellent coffee, quick and friendly service and fair prices. There should be more of these places around. Like the little stickers on the lids too. I think mine said "bean juice" today.
5	I go here driving in to the Farmer's Market.  Great mochas.  So big!  So wonderful!
5	Always great coffee, and always friendly, upbeat baristas!  I love this place and I highly recommend it.  The drive thru is very convienent.  And they have almost any flavored syrup imaginable!
4	A great alternative.  Nice work.
4	i really, really like this place - not just because it's right by my house and it's NOT starbucks, but those things certainly don't hurt.i love that they have a drive-thru. i love that the staff are genuinely nice people. i love their tiny little nicely-decorated seating area. and, most importantly, i love their tasty, reasonably priced coffee.
5	So I may be the only person in the world who is *not* a fan of Starbucks coffee (it's over-roasted and burned tasting to me)... which is why I'm so glad I found Java Detour - their coffee is smooth, the service is out-of-this-world, and the location is uber convenient, even during rush hour times.Great coffee, great service, great prices - you can't go wrong.  Solid WIN.I usually get an XL coffee with skim.  Cost: $2.10.  24 ounces of high quality coffee and you're good for the morning, afternoon, and/or evening.  I also enjoy stopping by on the way home from work and grabbing a decaf as a little "nite cap."  Every server has been extremely friendly and helpful as well.  If you haven't checked these guys out, swing on through and treat yourself to a wonderful coffee experience.
4	There service here is AWESOME.  I love coming here mainly for the service.  I don't have a favorite drink, but "Mocha" is a place where you can be comfortable enough to ask what a particular drink is and you won't get a snippy answer.  So I always try something different and I've liked every one of the drinks I've had.  I'm excited to try their iced drinks now that the weather is warming up.  I also like that you can now get a little treat like muffins or different breads.  When I'm in the mood for a coffee and sweet treat, they always pop into mind.
