5	This bar is awesome! If you have gone here more than once, the bartenders remember your name. They're all really friendly, the drinks are inexpensive, and there's a bunch of types of entertainment: from karaoke, darts & pool tables. Sometimes the regulars put on a put luck or a chili cook off. The best part is they have a "designated driver" ready to take you home for free on Friday and Saturdays... although you need to tip the driver (obviously). It's definitely a hole-in-the-wall type of bar. It's a tiny area in a strip mall, so it's easy to miss. Almost all of the patrons are regulars too. The only downfall: limited drunken munchies. There's no food available, that I know of.
4	When I first moved to Arizona I stopped at Septembers being that it was at the end of my street and I thought I deserved a nice cold beer/ a few shots after my cross country move. My first visit went great, found out they had $1 jello shots all the time and struck up some conversation with a regular that happened to also be from Ohio originally. I left with a feeling I had found my regular bar.That weekend I decided to head back up to Septembers for a few drinks and just to feel out how the weekend crowd was. Had Karaoke going on which was cool, some girl belted out an unbelievable Evanescence which was amazing to see, but then I went to order..... was told they didnt take out of state ID's.... im almost 24 years old, had a US State issued ID to certify it, and was told I couldnt get a beer this time... Visitors from out of state keep this in mind, or if you have friends with out of state ID's.Also there is a minimum charge if you use a credit card, I think its $3.75 so make sure you plan on having more then one drink if you plan to pay that way.
1	I will never be back. Was told by owner to leave because we ordered water!  The owner was RUDE too! I tipped her bartender for the service.
4	Totally cute hole in the wall aka 'Dive' bar. They have a couple pool tables, and I happened to visit on a Karaoke night which was pretty cool. Definitely not a bar you need to get all dazzled up for but if you're looking for a 'lax spot, to grab a drink and hang out with a pretty chill crowd, then Septembers may be your bar. I overheard them say they have Bingo nights as well... so it stay pretty active and keeps you entertained and they have a pretty wide selection of alcohol, so don't stray bc you don't think they can deliver when it comes to drinks, cause that's far from the truth!
5	Great little feel-good joint. Lots of locals who appeared to know each other well, but not to the point of being exclusionary to strangers. Good prices and good selection. Even had a food special (looked good) but didn't try as we had eaten elsewhere prior-to. If I lived in Mesa, I'd probably be here at least once a week.
4	Not a hole-in-the-wall bar.  2 pool tables.  Juke box.  Long bar.  High tables and stools.  Some bikers hang out.  Some retirees.  Some regulars.  Pretty decent crowd and well mixed.Bartender is friendly and courteous.  Does good pours and keeps the peace.
4	Occasional obnoxious local but otherwise finest of dive bars ever.  The bartender makes you feel right at home with a smile and is awesome.  Vaping at the bar with $5 worth of your selections from the TouchTunes machine rocks.
5	Fantastic neighborhood bar! Morgan, a bartender, is flawless. New TV's and a new owner have done some justice. Same low prices, low key atmosphere, and colorful local clientele make it a great destination. From the small/dive bar connoisseur, I highly recommend it. Someone is usually around to sell homemade beef jerky, and the jukebox isn't overridden. Love it.
