3	I stopped here in my great new wallet search.  They had one that I was tempted to buy, but this time I'm going to get it right and buy the one that fits my needs.The store is laid out as well as department stores like this.  Aisles are wide but they make you go out of your way to get where you're going so you see more merchandise that might entice you to stop and perhaps make an impulse buy.
4	The easiest clothing shopping experience I've had in YEARS. Being short and fat, it's sometimes difficult to find the right outfit.. If it fits right here, it fits wrong there.. Cute but too long for my 5 foot tall body.. Like that. I came here poking around through the clothing, pulling out a few potential tops to try on, and the sales lady appears. She asks my age, and what  I'm looking for, sees the tops I have in my hands, and appears 5 minutes lady with a pile of gorgeous clothes in my size. Normally, I try on 10 things, and am lucky to leave with one. This time, EVERYTHING fit perfectly. I spent more money than I had anticipated, but only because I actually had stuff to BUY for once! Great experience, completely painless, and most of the clothes reasonably priced. Will definitely be back.
5	I love Dillard's. No pants in my size but I had two employees drop everything to look for the sizes and type of pants I wanted.Give these guys a try. They will earn your dollar!
1	This review is for the MAC Cosmetics Counter:Worst MAC ever what a HUGE dissapointment!I recently moved from California and was much in need for some makeup reinforcements so I rushed over here and will never go back! Their customer service skills are terrible, and I wound't even take any makeup advice from them judging by their poor makeup skills on their faces (come on girls you work at MAC) Sadly not one but two of the SA's didn't even know any of the products I was looking for which are actually MAC basic lipsticks that have been around for ages! On top of not knowing one of their basic lipsticks they still tried to offer me "what they think was a better lipstick with a eye shadow combo" SUPER BAD retail skills.To make things worse a female customer came in asking for a application and one of the SA's gave one out and didn't even let her fill it out on the store counter yet in a rude way said fill it out in the mall area. I was the only customer around, let the poor girl use your damn counter she clearly had more of a professional and well put makeup look to herself.Never going here again. Thanks to my coworkers (actual las vegas residents) to unfourtnately let me know super late that this is indeed a ghetto mall with poor customer service in the first place.Consider:Fashion Mall or maccosmetics.com
4	Went there to shop for our cruise, well not for me, because I'm a women, we shop wayyyy ahead of time.  So we went there for hubby.   He knows everyone here, because he use to work here.  So everyone was stopping us, taking to us.  So anyway, we found some fabulous deals!  We got everything off the clearance rack (because I'm the clearance rack queen!)  lol he said, wow!  we only spent $400.00!  Ummm yeahhhhh if it wasn't on clearance, it would have been $1000.00  Maybe he understands now, lol!
4	This store is one of the few remaining reasons to visit Meadows Mall.  Dillard's always has helpful employees and clean restrooms.  The store turns into a zoo on days when Dillard's runs their periodic 50% off permanently reduced merchandise but even on those days when the store is a mess and customers are impatient and irritated, the staff still manage to keep their cool and are still hepful.
1	Went there last night between 6-7P.  Had a girl help me with choosing a lipgloss.  African American with a black hat.  Terrible customer service.  Behaved like I was an imposition.  Clearly did not want to be there.   No sense of urgency or any type of pleasantry to assist.  Will go to another location where my business is appreciated.
4	Newsflash- now a clearance only store!Sure haven't seen that advertised, but believe you me, it's true. The 2nd floor is now a plethora of rows of clothes and a much smaller shoe section.Bargain hunting commence!The prices are in line with what normal Dillards clearance prices are. Racks are arranged by size, but there are many more than in the other stores. Days could be wasted here! But since it's Meadows Mall, not likely to happen.
