5	I didn't know what to expect, the shop is a small joint on the corner of President Kennedy and University.  I was in the mood for a slice of cheesecake and a coffee.  With cheesecake in their name, I could only hope they did it well.  Broadway delivered perfectly.The coffee was fine, but the cheesecake was perfect.  They have at least a dozen flavors, but i stuck with a basic one.  It had great consistency, not overly moist, not a whipped fluffy nothing.  The sweetness was just right, too.  Not too sweet, just enough.Don't go for the ambiance (which is OK).  Go for the cheesecake.
4	I have never sat and eaten here, so I cannot comment on their meals. However, I do come here to buy a cheesecake for my friend's birthday. Cheesecakes here are fantastic. You have a variety of flavours to choose from (from fruity to chocolate, from crunchy or filled with jam). It is on the pricey side, but it makes for an awesome birthday gift. We all enjoyed it, and I cannot wait until the next birthday.
4	Not bad if you love cheesecake and cannot get to a cheesecake factory. lol. Coming from the states, we are spoiled to have Cheesecake Factory. My bf actually really enjoyed it even though he is not a cheesecake person at all, he finished all that we got. We got the dulce de leche cheesecake cup, tiramisu cheesecake cup, & a slice of cookie dough cheesecake. My favorite was the tiramisu! But keep in mind that they are very rich so if you don't have other people to share with, just stick to one!
5	Fabulous cheesecake! So many to choose from, the little cup cake sizes are wonderful and very delicious. Great desert shop. Typical price of cheesecake.
4	I Love this place!  Cupcakes are AMAZING best cheesecake.I like their lunch special with the soup included. Their soups are always great.The food is good, it's open late, I enjoy the decor and this place is NOT a family oriented restaurant so no kids running around, you can eat your cupcake in a grown up place !
3	The desserts are superbe but don't expect anything like a Cheesecake Factory. Sandwiches and pizzas are premade and only counter service. That said, the place has a relaxed coffee shop vibe with lots of books and board games. Also, the staff was friendly and apologetic that there were so few offerings on the eve of a holiday weekend
