4	BEE-ARR-GEE-ARR has revolutionary gourmet burgers. About 20 beers on tap.Cocktails.Handmade shakes and more.Ordered the Button Buster with braised beef short ribs, white cheddar, bearnaise ailol, onion rings.  Tasty and nice combo of flavors.  Had the BRGR fries tossed with parmesan + herbs.  Nice tasty and firm fries.  Tried some of the fries with the mayo based BRGR condiment, just like they do in many European countries and found that to be an interesting, too!The manager was stopping at all the tables to check on how everything was.  It's good to have BRGR in the area.
4	We've waited for soooo long for you to open so please live up to your fabulous reputation. Opening night was great!
2	It's fine if you're looking for a flavorless greasy, beef patty. But if it's an umami overload you want, I recommend Burgatory. The apps are spot on! But the burgers lack seasoning.
2	After a two hour wait, a mediocre meal. Good appetizers, but salmon burger was bland and burgers greasy. Server was the best part of our dinner.
2	The appetizers were good.   I am not sure what DJ is talking about. This place is a poor knock off of Burgatory.   The burger options are limited and I agree with a previous poster,  somewhat flavorless.   If you want a great burger go to Burgatory. In a pinch this place will do for appetizers. The other thing that was lacking was service.   We actually had to go get our server to get our iced teas refilled, even though she checked on the table next us every five minutes. She never once checked on us until we went and asked her for refills.
2	Better burger options in the burgh.-The hostess told us there was going to be a 15 minute wait (there were at least 3 visible empty tables in the main area). She ended up having to track us down in the mall seating area after a half hour because "something went wrong with their texting system". - Our waitress came by shortly after we were seated and took our drink order. My wife got a diet and I order a coke. We both received diet. Not a huge deal for me but I could tell the mostly high school student staff wasn't experienced. -Ordered the grilled cheese bites appetizer, it was literally a grilled cheese sandwich cut in fourths. Not even an overly good sandwich at that. -My wife ordered a "make your own burger." the waitress asked no questions (such as how she would like her burger cooked) nor did she repeat her order to make sure it was correct. Her burger was marked as being cooking medium well but it was extremely dry. -The only issue I had with my meal were the Cajun tater tots. They were just frozen tots with a heavy dusting of Cajun powder on them. -Overall, for a lunch that was pretty costly I was disappointed. If you are looking for a good burger in Pittsburgh, try out Burgatory or Wingharts before this place.
4	This place took over the footprint of the Japanese restaurant on the 2nd floor of the Galleria right across from Anthropologie.Upon checking in there was 2 listings for BRGR which are duplicates so I had checked them both out.  It was already around 2pm and we didn't have lunch yet so I thought we'd give it a try.They have a pretty good beer menu.  I was more concerned about the drafts on the beer card which had drafts on one side and bottled on the other.  While it wasn't feasible to do so I ended up getting the "crate" which is 4 x 5oz draft beers of your choice for 12 dollars.  So I knew that 20oz for 12 bucks is a bad deal but I wanted to try all 4 IPAs they had so this was the easiest way without having 4 pints.  The beers were all distinctly different but good.  I think my favorite was the one from Massachusetts (#1).The place honestly reminds me a lot of how Burgatory does their menu with the custom choices.  I went with a bison on a brioche with blue cheese, bacon and onion straws.  I had also ordered the fries which by default come with Parmesan cheese and herbs.  My wife had decided on macaroni and cheese and it came with a hot dog.  My burger was great.  The meat while it didn't necessarily look to be done medium wasn't overdone.  The blue was real blue not the kind of blue that is used in dressing or served with wings.  The onion straws were crispy and fresh, not cold and dry.  The burger itself was a near 5 or as close as I can give it.  I'd say safely it was better than the similar burger I had ordered last time I went to Burgatory.  The fries were good too.  While there was an option for gravy or chili and cheese I didn't want that.  I'd go that route if this wasn't a gourmet burger I think but I didn't really want anything to take away from the burger itself.Where they fell off was what my wife had ordered.  I told her next time we go to a burger place, order a burger and not what they do not specialize in.  Her mac and cheese with a hot dog was a sufficient sized serving.  The dog was huge and really thick.  The thing is it was either boiled or steamed and it was sort of bland.  The mac and cheese wasn't a mac and cheese.  It was scoobi do or swirl type pasta except it was with a chili mixed in so the easiest way to describe it is that it was more like a Hamburger Helper.  Not a cheesy mac and cheese but rather a pasta mixed with chili.  Regardless of the macaroni and cheese fail the burger balanced it out and so I will give this place a 4* because I didn't think it was just OK but rather better than that.  If I had to choose between BRGR and Burgatory that would be tough.  I haven't had enough of the menu of each to say which I prefer more but with what I had today at BRGR compared to what I had at Burgatory last time I think BRGR wins this round.
3	So, 5 years ago you couldn't find an unfast food burger joint in the Burgh. Now, you can't swing a cat by the tail without hitting one. Not that I don't mind a good burger joint, being a vegan, I find it to be like a treasure hunt. Please my taste buds without animal flesh and you'll have a customer for the life of your eatery. BRGR's vegan offering is falafel-"esque"in taste and texture. Heavy on the belly after eating. This burger, with its Greek/Lebanese spice & herb influence went well with the Flower Power IPA. I paired this "burger" with a tasty slaw done without mayo, opting for a healthier vinegary dressing with apples and golden raisins. Excellent foil for the falafel burger. The slaw's sweetness paired well with the heavily spiced chick pea burger. I've had this offering at the original BRGR, and still the best IMO) I was hoping for something new for the meatless crowd.I hope this sudden "need" for there to be a gourmet burger joint on every block of the city does come to an end soon. But at least it's not another Applebee's, Chilie's or TGIFriday.
1	Worst burger I've ever had to pay for! No seasoning on this very very dry burger and was also poorly constructed. 30+ dollars for two hamburgers and ala carte potato salad. Worst lunch in south hills.
1	Was really hoping that this place would be on par with Butgatory, but the burger I had was really bland. In fact it reminds me why I generally don't order burgers. The fries were mediocre (dry, somewhat stale and equally flavorless). The waitstaff was unimpressive, as well. The only positive was that there's a decent selection of beers on draft. In addition, the atmosphere was pretty weak. The chairs were uncomfortable and people are somewhat crammed into the restaurant. Very disappointed. Was really hoping to see a restaurant come in into that space that would last, but I wouldn't be surprised if they're closed within a year based on my experience.
1	Wanting to try the new place, we went around noon on a Sunday, place was less than half full, so no waiting.  We ordered and our burgers came surprisingly quickly.  You would think they would be piping hot.  But, no, they were just warm.  Had they been pre-cooked?  It was curious.  We ordered the Cajun tots and an order of fries.  The burgers were pretty tasteless, not juicy, which only added to our thoughts that they may have been pre-cooked.  Fries were nothing special and the tots on top had a sprinkling of spices, not enough to earn the Cajun label and very little spice flavor other than the ones on top.  Personally, I think that if you are at the Galleria and want a burger, the burgers at Houlihans are better.  Also, and this may seem petty, but I hate being served on plastic plates with the paper on the plate.  We won't bother going back, we felt the same way about the BRGR in East Liberty.  Too bad, I was hoping for a success at that location, it has been through a few iterations of restaurants.
