4	This place just opened! Used to be Niyoshi... But it seems like the place has changed hands. It was very sad to see it go. But it allowed for a new place to open.  Not as personable in decor, but just as good foodwise.Glad we stopped by to try the new place out on its second day of business. The staff was friendly and the service was fast. Good Japanese lunch place is you work in the area.
4	Nyoshi's replacement Niyo has the great Japanese hibachi food you are used to with a new clean and updated look. The food, service and atmosphere were top noch.
4	Always leery of a menu in the mail box, but Niyo was worth the time. Sushi bar and full menu available at reasonable prices. Combo platters are generous enough for two. Soups are hot and tasty. Steam dumplings were delicious! Tempura veggies were fresh, tender and NOT oily. The staff welcomed us and were eager to please. I do believe we have a new favorite.
4	I work a couple of miles from Niyo and my coworkers and I order take out atleast once every 2 weeks.  Their portions are nice and big and still tastes good.  The people behind the counter vary every time I am go in there but they are always friendly and fast.Bottom Line: Prices are reasonable and food is good.
3	Niyo has great service.  I have gone once and the food was good.  The second most important thing is that they do not use MSG!!!! yay!   I will try to get back to Niyo one day.  I went at the recommendation of my nail technician and appreciated the recommendation.  The sushi was good and so was the shrimp and chicken hibachi!
1	Unfortunately I found a hair on my plate.  I dismissed that and I proceeded to finish miso soup and then noticed a small dead bug clinging to the soup bowl.   The staff were pleasant and embarrassed when this was brought to their attention and proceeded to give us two dollars back for the soup.  The rolls we had weren't the greatest.   And during our meal we were fearful of more unpleasant surprises.  Thankfully, there were no more.  We have decided not to go back again after spending about 30 bucks there.   Definitely not the best sushi restaurant.
2	Hibachi is not as good as other places but their sushi tastes alright.Service was good though. I would go to Toyama or Yoshi's as they are just few miles away.
1	The new remodeled Niyo Is absolutely awful. I don't recommend anyone go there. The sanitation score is awful at a 90.5. Also the food is nothing like the old Niyo. It is very overpriced and the Food is definitely not worth what they are charging. I ordered hibachi shrimp and they give you rice in a separate container and in another container they cook a bunch of vegetables and don't give you much shrimp at all. On top of that I had a Coke which tasted very very bad. Very disappointed. Unless they bring the old Niyo back I will never ever ever go back again.
5	Love this place! Sushi is great! They are light on their sauces compared to other Chinese places, it seems fresher!
