5	Very good! I'm a pretty picky eater when it comes to food and this place was up to my standards. I got the chicken breast and beef kabob(comes w rice/grilled veg and salad)  a side of hummus and chicken noodle soup. The meat was really good and clean, (I hate when I get those gross weird UFO pieces of whatever)... Defiantly all just perfectly delicious juicy clean meat! The place is really clean to. My dog was in the car so I had to take the order to go but I will definitely come back again when I'm in the area to dine in. :)
5	First and forest, the layout of the resturant is very nice and clean. In essance, there is plenty of chairs and tables to conform to any size of party with just enough decorations to mold the upbeat atmospohore of the resturant. Additionally, the staff is extremely friendly with nothing but a sincere attitude and smile on their faces. Besides the great layout and friendly staff the food itself is what will have me coming back for more ! We ordered a gyro in pita with french fries. Normally, I'm very picky when it comes to what  I eat; normally I don't deviate from anything that isn't a hamburger.  However, the gyro was absolutely delicious.
5	The food was good and the staff are friendly.  I like the way the place was set up.  This is a must try restaurant :) will definitely go back :)
5	I've been waiting for this place to open. It did not disappoint!  Fresh pita bread, generous portions, fresh and delicious!  Please try this place. Family owned and very authentic. They need to stick around!
5	Decided to check out this place.  Not disappointed.  Hummus was excellent. Ordered a combo of chicken and  beef. Tender and not over cooked.  The rice was fluffy and tasty.  The chef came by and brought me a taste of his homemade baklava. I'll be back!
5	It was my second time to go to this restaurant and it  did not fail me.  The food was delicious .  I loved their chicken kabob and their pita bread ! My husband got burger in pita and he loved it which is unusual for him because he is so picky when it comes to food.  We will definitely go back to kabob factory , and even recommend it to family and friends.
3	Really was anxious to try it.  I really like good Persian kabob. It was very clean inside and the food appearance was 5 stars but I really didn't find the taste to be the same as other Persian restaurants. It wasn't bad, just didn't taste as good as it looked.  I will return and try it again. Would like to see musto-mucir (yogurt dip with shallots) on the menu.
5	Like this place a lot very friendly and courteous staff. The lady in the front provided us great service and food quality was excellent. The aushak and beef sultani where excellent!
5	I've been pleasantly surprised by the quality of Mediterranean food in Vegas, but this place is something special. Food was fresh and tasted great! I highly recommend checking this place out.
1	I did not like this restaurant at all and would not recommend it to anyone!  I love Persian and Mediterranean food, and I really wanted to like this place.  I live very close and I was excited when I saw they were opening.  So I decided to stop in and order something simple - the Gyro in Pita .  For nearly $7, I assumed it would be fantastic!  I couldn't have been more wrong.  The meat was VERY dried out and there was very little sauce to make up for the extreme dryness.  It was also cold, as if they made it that afternoon for someone else, rather than made to order that evening for me. The flavor was bland, and the meat wasn't seasoned at all.  It tasted like a beef jerky sandwich with no flavor. But the worst part was the fact that I had to wait for 40 minutes for that disgusting meal!  I walked in and ordered it and I sat there in their empty dining area for 40 minutes!  The young cashier was courteous, and apologetic, but it didn't make up for the fact that I could have gone ANYWHERE else and gotten a better sandwich for a fraction of the cost and time.  I would assume that wait would account for the cold meat, but I sat there asking every 10 minutes, and the cashier assured me they were "still working on" my order. What a waste of time, money and space.  I will not be visiting there again if they can't even get a gyro right, nor will I be recommending it to anyone, ever. Save your money and time and go somewhere else.
5	As always this restaurant made my tummy happy.  It was our third time .  Today I tried the ground beef kabob  .  The beef was so tender and tasteful , the serving was big it comes with two pcs of kabob, veggie salad and rice.  My husband got his favorite burger in pita with fries.  What makes this restaurant extra special is the owners.  They are so friendly and really make the customers feel comfortable.
5	I'm 100% Persian and this is the most authentic middle eastern food you will find in the area. Small wait staff so if can take a while but it's completely worth it. Prices are good and the owners are super nice and will try accommodate you how ever possible. Great environment to sit down, chill, eat some great food, and talk to loved ones.
5	This is now our favorite Mediterranean spot in town. (close second is Kabob House)  I recommend the Beef Kabobs, they are super flavorful and tender.  Garlic yogurt sauce and the Chutney are nice along side.  Looking forward to trying some more items on the menu.
2	I wanted to like this place so bad, it's large inside and lots of comfy seeting, very nice people working.  I got the ground chicken kabobs and had a side of hummus and eggplant, and got some desserts.  I got take out and at first it smelled yummy, but as I got home I realized it also smelled salty.  Usually I can't tell food is salty just from smelling it. When I ate it, that confirmed my fear. Yummy flavor, but so much salt competing with it that it made my tummy hurt.  They would be five stars if they cut the salt in half. Also one of their desserts I got smelled like rancid oil. The others didn't, but just the square shaped reddish one.
5	Amazing service and incredible food. These people care about your dining experience and they have the food to back it up. Do yourself a favor, just go. You won't regret it.
5	I was stopping for gas en route to the rental car return at McCarron, saw the Kabob Factory as I was turning in, and figured that an early dinner would be the perfect antidote to airline pretzels and peanuts.  I was their first for dinner that night, and it felt like I was treated as a sheikh.  I ordered the lamb kebob plate ($15); a basket of sliced flatbread and an INSANELY delicious mint sauce for dipping was brought as an appetizer.  If you're a chili head, this is for you; if you're a garlic head, this is for you.  I ordered the entree with a side of eggplant; the entree was brought to me with a heaping pile of saffron-infused basmati rice and superbly tender, seasoned lamb.  Equally delectable was the eggplant, served casserole-style with a topping of yogurt sauce and parsley.  Finished it off with a small dessert of a gulab jamun- inspired sweet dumpling- the perfect topper.I have to imagine Kebob Factory is a neighborhood favorite near the airport- I hope they maintain a steady business, for the locals' sake.
5	Kabob Factory is fantastic! From the outside it doesn't look like the most inviting place, but once you get in you will be happily surprised. The decor is very nice, but the food is even better. The chicken breast Kabob is wonderful, along with the hummus, baba ganoush, pita bread and the falafels. Everything is just so great and the people are very kind. I go to this restaurant at least once a week, if not more. I would (and have) suggest Kabob Factory to my friends and family. They all love it also!
5	We just stopped by to check out the place........the person serving(Sail) was very kind and personable (genuinely caring). We were not going to eat but....he convinced us that this is "The Place" for some great flavors. Upon his recommendation we placed the order....... The green sauce with fresh bread came out first .....yummmyyyyy....we feel in love with this sauce. Appetizer Grape leaves stuffed with beef and rice, Chicken Kabob with Chickpeas and Beef Kabob with  salad.....and yes he was right.....from basmati rice to the flavors of the meet....we enjoy every bit of our meals. normally my daughter doesn't eats a lot.......tasty chicken got her to finish. Thumbs up!I must say for a new restaurant they definitely have the right person to make u feel valuable(great service by Sail) and the tastes to match it. Looking forward to our next visit.
5	Excellent Shami Kabob and Lamb Kabob! The eggplant side dish was delicious! I would definitely come back even though I live way across the other side of town.
5	We have eaten here many times and It is great!  The outside is not as Inviting as it can be. BUT the food is outstanding! ! It does take  few minutes to prepare the food..it is so fresh! The hummus and the rice are the best. The baba gnoush and fallalle are good too! The Waiters are friendly and helpful. They could put something on the outside to make it look more inviting!
4	Loved it! Headed to the airport and wanted a good meal beforehand.  The atmosphere is a little drab, but who cares when the food is this good.  Wanted to start with the baba gnoush but they were out.  I'll take that as a sign that they make everything fresh.  Ordered the grape leaves instead. Not bad but not great.  They were too oily and the rice inside was a little mushy, no biggie. I ordered the lamb liver kabob and my boyfriend ordered the gyro sandwich.  While we were waiting for our entrees we were brought a basket of warm, fresh pita bread and some kind of deliciously amazing green dip. I think the pita might be homemade,  it was that good.  And the dip was garlicky and lemony and so freaking good. Our server told us that we could take it home by the jar full. I wish I could have! We got our entrees and they were both delicious. The lamb liver was a little dry but I would rather have it a little over cooked than under cooked. Know what I'm sayin'? It was crispy and caramelized on the outside and the rice was perfect and the side of salad and chickpeas were a perfect compliment to the whole meal. My boyfriend's sandwich was badass also. Tender, flavorful meat and the same fresh pita bread and really good tzatziki sauce. Even the french fries were good. The service was top notch. The owner even gave us a plate of baklava at the end. Ive never had chocolate baklava before and im glad I got to try it. All around this was a great meal and I wish this place was in colorado instead of Vegas.
5	Love the food especially lamb kabob and chapli kabob,staff was extremely friendly and the place was clean..Everything was fresh and the quantity was generous.Will definitely go again.
5	I was wary of this place since the outside leaves much to be desired, and when we walked in there wasn't anybody else there (on a Saturday night, no less). However, the cashier was very friendly, helpful, and willing to work around our special dietary needs. I'm not sure what happened on the days some of the other reviewers waited a long time for food because we got our food within like 10 minutes (and we ordered the Royal Sultini Kabob, which has three different types of kabob). All of the food was really great. The eggplant that comes with the kabobs and the chutney are fantastic. I recommend the Shami kabob. Overall a great place and I'd definitely go again.
3	The gyro wrap was pretty tasty. It had a healthy portion of meat and the tzatziki sauce was flavorful. I also ordered the hummus, they were out (almost lost a star-I mean a Greek place with no hummus? Yikes!) But they redeemed themselves with a spicy hummus. It had a pretty good kick to it. I've had better pita bread, but the hummus was good enough to cover it.I'm sure I'll be back to try some of the kebab platters. So far this place is good but not great.*note make sure to call if you are heading over kinda late. The first time I went to this place they were closed for a religious holiday. Maybe just my bad luck, but keep an eye out.I took my food togo, but I noticed a couple eating there food in togo boxes at a table. I hope they ordered takeout and changed their mind and decided to eat in. Otherwise the inside seemed ok.
1	I was so excited when they opened since I love Mediterranean and middle eastern food. And I live literary down the street. Unfortunately me and my husband had a bad experience. The service is horrible,  the cashier/hostess/waitress is the same lady who after taking your order and bringing your food, does not stop to offer more water or anything.  The food was served pretty fast, around 10 minutes,  but it seems like if it was cooked previously and heated in the microwave,  the meat was very dry. They give a huge portion of rice and a small portion of meat. And that is not all, after checking my bank account,  I found out they charged us 5 dlls more, I have the original receipt and our total after tax was $35.50 and they charged my credit card $42. I guess the cashier/server was not happy with our 4 dlls cash tip that we left for the bad service, so decided to charge an extra 5 dlls on our credit card. Check your debit/credit card, I am not joking!
1	Absolutely horrible experience. The service was better at Mc Donalds and the food was disgusting. Would not recommend this place to my worst enemy.
1	place is shut down  out of business
