4	Tonight's show was the first public preview show.  The premiere will be this weekend.  The show consists of 19 songs--showstoppers from Broadway musicals--that were evidently chosen by Steve Wynn.  There are 19 songs in all as of this evening.The show opens with a medley of songs from Hello Dolly and Mame, then Cabaret and finally Chicago.  In between there are some shows that are represented by one song including one called "Ol' Las Vegas" a takeoff on the song "No Name City" from Paint Your Wagon.The cast consists of 66 people counting a full orchestra and a large complement of singers and dancers with several lead singers.  The cast is extraordinarily talented.  They sing beautifully and the dancing is done very well.My favorite numbers for the evening were "Willkomen" from Cabaret, "Cell Block Tango" from Chicago, "Everything's Coming Up Roses" from Gypsy, and the "Chorus Line/One" opening number for A Chorus Line.  The solo numbers were absolute standouts including "All That Jazz" from Chicago.A few thoughts on the show.  Note, I am a theatre junkie.  I love all types of theatre, especially Broadway.  While I enjoyed this show a whole lot, it's too short at just about 1 hour and 5 minutes.  I couldn't believe they were doing curtain calls so quickly.  The show started about 5 minutes late--what do they think this is, the Smith Center?  Perhaps the late start was opening night.  Early on, one of the characters introduces a number with some short comments.  After that, a recorded Steve Wynn introduced some sections and individual numbers.  Do we really need a recorded Steve Wynn telling us what "Razzle Dazzle" from Chicago is about?  All I could think was, "Pot, meet kettle.On the way out, we were handed a survey to help them improve the show.  The last question is "Would you recommend this show to family, friends, and Las Vegas visitors?"  The possible answers given are:  1) Yes - it's a great show for all; 2) Maybe - depends on whether they like Broadway or not; and 3) No.  And there's the rub.  The show will be liked mostly by people who know and like Broadway.  The show will appeal to the older demographic, certainly not the Tryst nightclub goer.I hope the show succeeds but I wonder if it can.  Very talented singers and dancers weren't enough to keep Spamalot and Avenue Q in this theatre and there are no bells and whistles like Phantom.  Time will tell.As a tip, the website did not allow choosing a seat rather you are assigned one.  I'd recommend sitting at least four to five rows from the stage.  If you want to be assured of where you're sitting, I'd call the box office and have the seat map on your computer.
2	The best mediocrity money can buy--that's the only way I can describe Showstoppers.  This is definitely an ego piece for Steve Wynn, producing a show for his own exclusive pleasure without any regard for Vegas demographics or the taste of Vegas show-goer's.  I am not a Broadway neophyte, yet I found the choice of material puzzling, if not obscure.  The talent is at a high technical level, but the cast lacks charisma, and the show lacks charm and humor.  The show would have been considered old and dated 25 years ago, and consists very much the sort of material I have seen in high school Broadway reviews.  Showstoppers would be very much at home on a cruise ship, but it is an anachronism on a Vegas stage.  Given what Le Reve has to offer next door, the ticket prices (close to Le Reve's) are scandalous.  The show will appeal to the 60-plus crowd, which is exactly the Vegas visitor demographic that has been dwindling in numbers over the past few years, so it will have difficulty finding an audience--I couldn't imagine recommending it to anyone, other than a Broadway buff in their 70's (and I only know one person who fits that description).  Steve Wynn has proven that he knows a lot of things, but with Showstoppers, he has proven that he is completely out of touch with contemporary entertainment tastes.  Given the demographic to which it will appeal, the show stands a chance of success if they cut the ticket price in half (with a further 50% discount if you show your AARP card), have a showtime of 5 pm and throw in the buffet for free.  It's a shame that in a town where a really new and exciting show would be welcomed with open arms, the man who can have any show he wants decides he wants a dusty old Broadway review.
3	I wanted to like this show so badly. The concept was genius: Vegas doesn't want to sit through a 3 hour Broadway musical, so let's just take the best of the hits and put it in an hour and a half show...First of all. It lasted an hour and ten minutes if that. Second, I love broadway. But these shows are so outdated. And of the outdated-ness there are so many classics missing. They performed these blocks of certain musicals like Cabaret and Chicago instead of moving on to other shows. They could have really put a decent storyline to this. But they didn't. Instead, they had a few narrators that made you feel really disconnected. Some of the narration was by Steve Wynn that made me feel like I was listening to the discovery channel. Pretty much every song was your the epitome of a Broadway jazzy show tune. I would have loved to see them slow it down a few times without the cheesy smiles and sequins. Don't Cry for Me Argentina, Memory, I Dreamed a Dream, Music of the Night, Defying Gravity.. These are all ShowStoppers..no? There were a few moments I was really excited for a song and overall the show was done very well. But when you aren't familiar with a certain musical and they do three songs from it, you get sort of antsy. I hope that they can fine tune this show with audience feedback because I want it to survive.
4	While I do agree with most of the negative comments and the reasons given for them by the first three reviewers, both my wife and I found Showstoppers, while clearly flawed in some respects, to be very entertaining, energetic, happy presentation, and I'd recommend it to anyone who is fond of musical theatre.  We left "singing and dancing," so to speak, and isn't that what how you want to feel when you leave a Broadway musical?That said, the show could clearly benefit from some serious "tweaking," and my criticisms largely echo those of the other reviewers.It clearly is too short.  My wife and I both predicted that the closing number would be from A Chorus Line, which it basically was, ignoring "There's No Business Like Show Business."  Yet, when it ended and the cast took their perfunctory bows, I found it difficult to accept that this was "all that there is," and they weren't going to come out again for one more "wow" number.  We left kind of scratching our heads.The show needs a good emcee.  Steve--shut your mouth, get out of the way, and get someone who can move the show from one song to the next smoothly.  YOU ARE NOT THE SHOW.  WE DON'T SHARE YOUR INTEREST IN YOURSELF.Everyone has their own favorite numbers, but some of the selections, given other possibilities, seemed strange.  Could have done without the number from Damn Yankees as well as the opening number, which was too obscure for me.Agree that during the "have to set up the stage for the next big number" it would have been terrific to have he show slow down a bit with perhaps someone performing "Memories" from Cats, or some other Andrew Lloyd Weber song--there are so many of them, and this would get the audience relaxed and ready for the next razzle-dazzle  number. The cast was terrific, in my opinion.  They have talent, have clearly worked so very hard, and it shows.  They deserve to have Steve step back and let someone more experienced in musical theatre take over.  Why not include the big number from Mame?  Not sure what is required to get authorization to do any particular number, etc., but there is no doubt, in my mind, that some substitutions would make for a much better show.I hope Showstoppers makes it.  I'd go to see it again if it were tweaked.  Hell--you could change the show every couple of months if you had enough numbers prepared, etc.  Wouldn't that be something?
4	Randal Keith! Randal Keith! Randal Keith! As you can tell, I am a fanatic of Randal Keith (Jean Valjean). Now, here is the chance of your own to become a fan as well now that The Phat Pack is no longer in residency in Las Vegas. I don't know anyone else in this. They were all competent and way better at this stuff than I would be. I did not recognise any of the music (besides the material from Chicago); although, I prefer it that way. Great:Overall production levelTalent of performersUnique (to me) song book choiceNot so great:Lack of punctuality of start time I am not mixed at all on this. ShowStoppers is a superb hour of entertainment; albeit, I feel that some people are going to over-pick it though. People who may not be fans of Randal Keith.Rating: Yay! I'm a fan.
3	I was given the opportunity to preview ShowStoppers before opening to the public.  I wasn't sure what to expect.  To sum it all up, they sing hits from Broadway shows such as Chicago and Cabaret.  I'm not a theatre buff or even knew all of the songs they were singing.  Surprisingly I enjoyed the show.  They have many talented performers singing and dancing.  What I liked most was the full orchestra behind the dancers on stage.  They did an amazing job and was very impressed.  What bothered me was Steve Wynn's voice narrating throughout the performance. I didn't think it was necessary to give the audience a back story of what each section was about.  Luckily I was given the tickets.  They are priced a bit hefty for what you get.  I guess when you're at the Wynn, everything is priced hefty.
4	This review is for the last night of the preview shows. A great orchestra. Fabulous singers and dancers and beautiful costumes. The music kept me  toe tapping during the entire fast paced program. The Chorus Line number was the perfect song for the finale.Kudos to Randal Keith. He is a great talent and I am happy that he continues to find work in  Las Vegas theater. It seems to be standard procedure for shows not to start on time as this one started 5 minutes late. I did not object to the Steve Wynn introductions as they were short and to the point. I was disappointed that there was no Playbill /program book. I was surprised and glad to see many young/mid age people in the audience. Hopefully a diverse audience will add to the shows  longevity.Steve thanks for a wonderful evening of entertainment. It took me back to the era of supper clubs and dinner theater. After a terrific dinner at Sinatra this was just a short stroll to the Encore theater.
5	This is Steve Wynn's new show. Wonderful presentation. Amazing talent both dancing and singing. Awesome costumes. Very accomplished orchestra. This show is a great experience. Well worth seeing.
5	My gf and I went to the Christmas Eve show and really enjoyed ourselves. I understand the criticism of not having a few more contemporary numbers within the show (something from Phantom, Wicked, or Les Mis, etc), but it did not detract us at all from having a terrific experience. The full orchestra and ensemble had so much energy and talent. The music was great, a great majority of the songs were familiar (and we only have a mild Broadway knowledge), and the dancing and choreography were well done. The cast has clearly put a lot of time and effort into the production. I've seen a few reviews that are critical of Mr Wynn's voice being heard. Three things: 1. He only speaks three times that I can remember. 2. He only says three or four sentences when he does speak. 3. The show is called Steve Wynn's Showstoppers. They will surely add to the show and make tweaks as they go to make improvements. All of the lyrics were clear and easy to understand (as opposed to the Smith Center) and the energy was superb. We had a terrific evening and would recommend the show to others coming to Vegas.
4	I had a chance to see a preview of this show. I had low expectations, but I was pleasantly surprised. I am a fan of musicals and this show incorporates and highlights songs from popular musicals over the years. The performers are all incredibly talented and I enjoyed most of the selections.I would have preferred a little less narration, but overall it was a good show. A little on the short as I was surprised by how quickly the show ended. I do think it will only appeal to a very specific audience.
4	Steve Wynn's Showstoppers is absolutely an egotistical tribute to the man himself and I say who cares?!?! The guy built an amazingly beautiful set of casinos which feature some of the best restaurants I've ever eaten in. A completely over the top show featuring several of the most popular songs from some of the most famous musicals seems totally at home here to me.I thoroughly enjoyed almost every aspect of this dazzling show. The talented cast had me stunned from start to finish. The vocal talent is absolutely amazing especially the lead female vocalist. At one point I found my mouth gaping open I was so taken by her. The dancing is top notch and the dancers were breathtakingly beautiful.  Every costume seemed impeccably designed. My guess would be that, like every thing else at Wynn, no expense was spared. To me delight, there were several costume changes throughout the show and none of them disappointed. The show is very short at just over an hour. I loved the selection of music, all upbeat fun and often funny dance numbers.  In a case like this, where there is so much material to pull from, I wish they had added a few more numbers. I worry that some audience members may feel cheated by the length. Finally, the only thing I did not like about the show were the parts with Mr. Wynn's voice overs. I actually HATED these. They seemed out of place, clumsy, and borderline creepy. I heard they are still tweaking the show, and I sincerely hope these are the first to go. Other than the voiceovers, this show is a must see and highly highly recommend!
4	What a great tribute to the classic American Musical Theater!  Incredible talent, amazing orchestra (and full orchestra at that - no half pre-recorded or sequenced keyboards).  The set is pretty amazing as well. My only (minor) beef was it was too short.  Only 70 minutes?  Needs a couple more numbers to at least make it 80.  I also agree with another Yelper who mentioned Steve's voice over in the show.  I would have rather had one of the 4 main performers come out and share that information.  I know it's covering costume changes and all that, but you've spent all the money on a great live orchestra - have them play a little ditty or something to fill time. Musicians love to ham it up (well, strings usually don't, but brass players do).  Since the show's only been running for 2 weeks when I saw it, I'm sure they are still tweaking the flow a little bit.  If I hear they've changed it up a little, I'll definitely see it again next time I'm in Vegas.
5	Great great old Broadway type musical.   Fantastic performers and full orchestra.As others mentioned, a bit too short on time and we could have done without Steve Wynn's voice and ego but still the show is so amazing that it still gets FIVE stars. You come out satisfied and happy.   Not sure if younger people can appreciate it but they should get a clue.  Great job.
5	After dinner at Sinatra, my wife and I watched the show on New Year's Eve and absolutely loved it. I think if she could she would have given standing ovations throughout the entire show. All of the singers, dancers and orchestra are doing such an amazing job. They are performing with all their heart, have great talent and deserve every praise. It is just very beautiful to watch and the perfect start to a wonderful evening. Having lived in a few places like NY, London, HK, Monte Carlo etc. and seen many nice performances, I am sure so many will enjoy this show and never forget it. We do not know anybody involved in ShowStoppers, but they have made the Wynn an even better place and we will definitely recommend it to everybody visiting Las Vegas.
2	Production values and performers are great.  It is only a one hour show so that is ridiculous for the price.  Also they need more modern musicals.  I am 65 and you need to be a lot older to appreciate most of the music.
3	First, kudos to the cast and orchestra - they all did a terrific job.  That is the good.  The "not so good" would be, as others have suggested, that the show is all of an hour and 5 minutes long.  Just about when you would expect intermission, the show is over.  We are old enough (late 50's) that we were familiar with all of the songs, so we enjoyed them.  For those whose memory is fading, or younger people who may not be familiar with all of the shows the songs came from, it might be nice if cast members would spend a bit of time giving some history of the shows the songs are coming from (that could lengthen the show as well, and give us a sense that we were getting better value from the $140 or so per ticket).  A vaguely troubling issue to us was the fact that there seemed to be no thought, when putting the show together, to trying to weave some sort of theme that would tie the show together.  It was just a number of songs that, while superbly performed, were just that.  The show lacks a bit on the entertainment value. We met one of the staffers for the show on our way out, and she asked us for an opinion, which we gave.  The background we got, whether accurate or not, was interesting.  She suggested that the voiceovers from Steve Wynn were sort of a requirement as she told us that the term "Showstoppers" was copyrighted, and thus they had to go to some length to avoid a lawsuit, and this was why Steve Wynn was doing the voiceovers.  (Seems like a more elegant solution might be to name the show something else, like A Vegas Tribute to Broadway or something).  We suggested that while the songs were great, that it seemed like some of the great songs from Broadway musicals were missing.  The response was that Steve Wynn had difficulty obtaining the rights to songs.  Perhaps this is why we didn't hear some of the great songs from shows like West Side Story, The Music Man, Evita, and others.  Too bad.The bottom line for us was that we enjoyed it, but the show just seemed to be lacking something (length, songs, and a theme).  In comparison to a show like Jersey Boys, which we would go back to multiple times, Showstoppers doesn't seem to have that appeal.  So, Mr. Wynn, a pretty good effort, but it really needs something more.
