4	A very large selection of treats to choose from. I tried one of the newest flavors - the tamarind chocolate apple.$5 - incredible! Try one!
3	Maybe I'm just not a very big fan of chocolate, but I didn't think Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory was that great. I thought everything was really too pricey for what it is. I got a snickerdoodle cookie because I couldn't rationalize spending over $3 on chocolate. It was pretty good, but not the best I've had. Don't think I'd go back.
5	A great selection of chocolates and sweets, including a pleasantly surprising amount of sugar free products.
3	Service was good, the guy behind the counter was really nice.   There was too much chocolate on the apples for me (is there such a thing as too much chocolate?).  Other than that, everything was great.
4	We stopped into this location to try a few sweet treats. This factory has just about every combination of chocolate and nuts that you might want. It also has some different options, like chocolate covered miscellany and dried fruit candies.We tried the chocolate-dipped cheesecake, which is literally a massive slice of cake on a stick that has been covered in milk chocolate. It was very rich and sweet. We also tried the dark chocolate macadamia cluster, which was excellent as well.The prices here are consistent with most desert places and the creations are of high quality. It is a good choice if you are feeling like a gourmet style chocolate dessert.
4	Oh who doesn't love Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory!! I know I do!!! They have the best pecan clusters, I forget that they call them, but dang they are delish!! Dark chocolate, pecans, caramel all mixed together in this heavily bliss!!!   Oh and let's not forget the chocolate, caramel apples,,omg to die for!  Haven't found anything in that store that I didn't like LOL
5	I will never be skinny as long as this place exists. The apple pie caramel apples are to die for! The oreo cheesecake-y bark stuff is orgasmic! And everything else is amazing!!! They have chocolate dipped everything, chocolate soda, and everything delicious in between.
