1	This location used to be the divine Angel Sweet Gelato store.  We loved this store as it had wonderful full flavored Gelato.  Was just in tonight and the change when Gelato Spot took over is very disappointing.  They no longer allow two flavors in the small size cup.  With good Gelato you don't need big cups because the flavor is so intense.  However that is not a problem here since it tastes like garden variety ice cream, not intensely flavored Gelato.  They retained the name of Fruits of the Forest from Angel Sweet for one of the flavors, but what a difference.  Angel Sweet's version was incredibly intense, flavorful, full of pieces of fruit.  The Gelato Spot version is flavorless, has no pieces of fruit and is just pink ice cream.  Another favorite was the chocolate chip (has an Italian name I can't remember).  The Angel Sweet version was creamy texture, with bits of really good chocolate drizzled over the top.  The Gelato Spot version is grainy texture, and has the flavor of a ordinary chocolate chip ice cream.All in all this location went from extraordinary to awful.  It went from Gelato that was special to "Gelato" that is suspect.  The price is way too expensive for very marginal Gelato that tastes like ice cream.  What a loss.
3	I've read the other 2 reviews about the  Gelato Spot and I think there just sorry that the previous owners are no longer peddling gelato. There are plenty of flavors to choose from. Gelato Spot is not my favorite gelato place in the metro area but they pass the test in serving quality gelato.There prices are just a bit high for the size they give you.$5.79 for a 3 scoop serving with the scoop not that big.
1	This place serves ice cream not gelato.  Let me be clear in saying I was a huge fan of Angel Sweet, but as long as the quality remains, I couldn't care less in who owns the place or who "peddles" the addicting gelato to me.  First, the seating is much improved, but too modern for a place that serves young families (ie Chandler).  Second, they now serve only scoops.  So if my husband who REALLY liked Fruits of the Forest and Banana combined he USED to be able to get 2 flavors and a lot of it.  Now with Gelato Spot, if he wants a large (3 scoops) he would have to choose another flavor or upset the 50/50 ratio of flavor goodness by adding an additional scoop of one and not the other.  Now we could overlook these flaws if the flavor was still there.  But it is no where to be found. Normally when you eat good, quality gelato, the flavor punches you in the mouth and there is no mistaking that you are eating pistachio or strawberry or lemon etc.  Gelato Spot is the exact opposite of the flavor explosion.  It's more like the boiled meat and vegetables that you put in the blender for your toothless grandma.  You can visually see the difference between the previous gelato and the current imposter.  The individual colors used to be bold and vibrant.  They're muted and pastie from too much cream.  Bottom line:  if you want a nice place to sit, they now have booths.  But the gelato that you're paying for is basically ice cream and Dairy Queen could beat them out in the flavor department.  Pass on this place.
4	We finally got to the Chandler Gelato Spot.  The gelato is good.  Ice cream normally leaves a coating on the tongue due to the high fat content - gelato does not.We plan on going back.However ...We were disappointed that there were not the Italian flavors we experienced in Italy -so it made it hard for us to relive those memories. And the ambiance is traditional strip mall.Might we recommend that the shop be infused with some Italian flare - maybe with flavors that are hard to pronounce - maybe teach the scoopers a few Italian phrases - and perhaps add Italian motifs. Like umbrellas from the Riviera as shown in this picture ... http://www.flickr.com/photos/skitchens/328658458/
2	This is the worst Gelato I tried in the Valley...it doesn't even seem like Gelato...it seems fat and sweet like an ice cream.  Expensive. I will NOT go back.
1	This used to be the amazing Angel Sweet which I absolutely loved. I have only been back one time since Gelato Spot took over and boy was that a mistake. Like all the other reviewers..I don't know if you can even call this Gelato anymore which is weird as I have been to their Scottsdale location, and while not the best gelato, it is worlds apart from what they sell at the Chandler spot. The "gelato" was expensive, the scoop size was small, and the flavours were definitely lacking.They had a peanut butter and rasberry flavour that I sampled that I almost spit out. Now for a guy whose nickname is Icecreamismylife, there are not many types/flavours of ice cream that I do not like. In fact I can only think of one time where I actually did spit out a sample. That was when Cold Stone thought it would be a great idea to introduce a Wasabi flavour. Well let me say that I actually believe that the Wasabi was better tasting than the pb&rasberry. But I guess you can't really take my word for it. I had another friend who thought it tasted like a pb&j. So you can give it a try. Just don't blame me if/when your gag reflex kicks in.With all of the other amazing ice cream parlors in Phoenix I can't see myself returning again to even give it another chance.
5	Yummy gelato! Very creamy and not too sweet...just wonderful flavor. And Miriam is a ball of sunshine! You can tell she loves helping customers with their choices. Worth going back to!
1	My only comment is on their choice of which sugar free chocolate to carry. It is the version that makes you sick. Better sugar frees have been out for years that will not do this. They need to step up if they want to cater to that crowd.
1	I was just in here today with my family. The second we walked in the girl working the front looked completely confused and was rolling her head around in circles, literally. She didn't seem to want to serve my family. Apparently their credit/debit card machines don't work often so I had to dish out cash. The ceiling was open right above my gelato, disgusting. And it was so overwhelmingly hot in there.   I used to go to this place every other week with my family when it was under Angel Sweet, the staff then was much more professional and friendly and welcomed everyone with a smile. New management needs to get the ball rolling the right way. The gelato was good though.
4	Love that they have brought the Gelato Spot to Chandler!
2	The gelato just wasn't... gelato.  The taste was fine but the texture was lacking.
2	Well, I had a groupon but I could not use it because this location is now CLOSED for good!  Can Angel Sweet please come back here??
