5	Amazing food. Literally could not finish because the portions are so big! I recommend everything seriously and the red bean boba is incredibleeee!!
5	Food is great and service is great!! Love the boba tea too!! Cute atmosphere!! Love it! Recommend to anyone who likes authentic food!
5	Excellent service and flavors that will make you smile!!! Kung Pao chicken is the best I have tasted - better than any at 6 times the price!!! Go for lunch the serving boxes are so neat!!
4	Decent meal for a decent price with fair portions to go along with excellent, attentive service and the food came out fast and hot.The groupon they have running really made it a deal ($13 for $25).General Tso was up to par, crispy and hot, not that soggy stuff that you sometimes find at a lower end buffet.Kung Pao shrimp consisted of smaller pieces of shrimp than I'm used to getting at my go to spot and the side ingredients weren't varied...pretty much, peanuts, celery and more peanuts and more celery....seemed to be lacking some diced peppers, onions, cucumber or whatever other vegetable medley goes in a kung pao.Szechuan beef was pretty standard.They seemed to have an extensive dessert menu and boba drinks that I may have to hit up sometime.I'm kind of picky with my Chinese. Nothing stood out as being "The Best xxxxx I ever had", but all was done ok and dinner prices are only $7.95 for a meal that won't leave you walking out hungry. The owners seemed nice and I hope they do well.
5	Great service, great food and finish the meal with the best dessert ever: snow ice. Tastes like ice cream with your choice of toppings. Yum yum!
5	Had groupon deal and never would've tried this place otherwise. We went for lunch and enjoyed plenty of food for two plus boba drinks. General Tao was only mildy hot but nicely crispy and nice chunks of chicken. Fried rice was seasoned right without being too salty or too greasy. I'm not a fan of veggie egg rolls but I did like theirs. Love their Thai tea. Nice people and service for a casual Chinese restaurant.
5	Food is reasonably priced especially for the huge portions and the strawberry green tea is awesome. From 11a-3p they have yummy lunch specials for $5.95-$6.45
5	First time trying this restaurant. Good food, good portion, cheap, and great staff!! Their dessert is good too and cheaper than bobba  bars. Will be back for more!!
1	Even with a Groupon certificate I really felt cheated the food there is very inconsistent not my first visit but definitely my last trip they've mostly cater to people that are here from their home country we were seated first served last's horrible service will never return again even if it was free
5	The orange chicken is very very tasty and crunchy, probably because they use real orange grind on the sauce. The wonton soup is a meal by itself with the really good & fresh broth, fresh vegetables, fresh chicken & shrimp. The seafood delight is indeed a delight! We came in with a groupon which made it a great deal but even full price it's still a good deal so we are definitely coming back to our new favorite restaurant.
2	Ordered delivery. Was unimpressed with the kung pao chicken, which was ordered very spicy and came very dry and flavorless. The chicken fried rice was adequate. With so many other Chinese options in the area, I won't be reordering with them again.
4	ordered from grubhub for lunchsweet and sour lunch was fantasticfriend has lobster and shrimp lunch and was fantasticthis place is great!
1	FAIL.I ordered delivery through RoadRunner Food, online. My order wasn't complicated.Chicken Fried Rice - No onions.Chicken Chow Mein - No onions.What did I get?2 orders of chicken fried rice, WITH onions. I had to call RoadRunner to have them go back to redo my order. At this point I am at the mixture of angry and hungry-- hangry. As all delivery, I had to wait about an hour for it to arrive. It gets here and the delivery guy hands me ONE box. Immediately I noticed this was wrong since I ordered two things.Open it up to find some noodle dish that I didn't even order! And I couldn't even enjoy that BECAUSE IT HAD ONIONS!!!Fail. Get it together Taste of China
4	Both myself and my husband love this family owned restaurant. The food is authentic and no matter what we've tried there we've both been quite happy.Today we ordered boiled chicken dumplings and crab Rangoon appetizer which were very tasty. I like that the wanton wrap they use for the crab Rangoon is'nt too thick or greasy from frying. I ordered the lamb ginger scallion for my main course and my husband ordered the beef chitterlings. What I love about the lamb they use is there's no gristle and it's well seasoned and tender. It's so far been my favorite main dish there. My husband was quite happy with his dish as well. Now I am not a fan of chitterlings but they do an excellent job of cleaning them so they don't smell like s#%t. They were also well seasoned and it really did'nt taste like what you think of when you think of traditional southern chitterlings, it was way better. The service here is also good we've never had any problems coming here. Even though from the outside it looks like a hole in the wall inside is very warm and welcoming. However it's not Vegas flashy so if that's what you need don't bother coming here. It really is worth a try though for authentic Chinese food.
3	Mediocre boba + cheap but good Chinese takeout = 3 star average.This place was totally dead on a Sunday evening, got my thai tea boba in about three minutes flat and waited only a few minutes for my chicken moo goo gai, total was $12, not bad at all and portion was enough for lunch and dinner.Boba seemed mushy and almost overcooked, as if maybe it had been sitting around.Thai tea was flavorless- tasted like slightly sweetened water, very bizarre.Chicken moo goo gai was just chicken and mushrooms in a light sauce- which I actually preferred to the usual mix of other lesser veggies. Giant portion, rice was a bit gummy (also as if it had been sitting in the warmer for a while).Would grab takeout here again, but would prefer to go when they actually have business so my food has a greater chance of being made fresh. Sounds backwards, I know.
1	I ordered for take out. After waiting 2 Hours and 15 minutes, no one came. I had to call the restaurant to find out that "because of traffic, we can't deliver your order."Are you f****** kidding me?!On top of that they charged me $7 for delivery fee.What a joke.
4	Pine nuts Fish and Beef Tendon with tomato were very good. The restaurant is old, clean and simple so don't expect anything over the top. You get free hot tea and some appetizer (seaweed and radish salad) to start. The first order came in 13 mins. The waitress was nice and greet you in Mandarin. The food is Szechuan and they have some American-Chinese food such as beef broccoli and Orange chicken.
1	The delivery took a hour and half. When we got the food it was horrible! The wonton soup had no seasonings at all and the rest was just as bad !! Will never order again. So disappointed and we spent $50!
