5	Facility top notch, coaches are very direct, motivating, technique oriented and the community and atmosphere is very welcoming.  I recommend this place to anyone who wants to be a better athlete.  This gym is inspirational and will broaden your health and lifestyle habits. Chad and Joel are the go to people for crossfit training.  Having been a member since the opening of the gym, it has been a wonderful experience meeting positive and active athletes.
5	I just started doing crossfit and as a beginner I was really intimidated to come to a crossfit gym. Everyone at this gym was extremely friendly and cheered me on throughout my crossfit 101 program. After being a member for over a month now, I am really impressed with the coaching I have received and the overall quality of the facility. I really appreciate the clean bathrooms, air-conditioned workout room, and constant support from the Crossfit Infinite strength staff. I would recommend this gym to anyone who is looking to improve their fitness. I am happy to see the Crossfit Infinite Strength community growing.
5	Joining CrossFit Infinite Strength has undoubtedly been one of the best decisions I have made to improve my overall well-being. The facility is fantastic and the coaches are extremely knowledgeable. The coaches along with the other members create a community that will help you reach your fitness goals.
5	This is an amazing place to workout. Extremely friendly, very clean, and very knowledgeable. Great at teaching anyone new and always pushing you to be your best.
5	Awesome CrossFit facility. Everyone loves the friendly community from the beginner to the competitive athlete. Excellent coaching of " classic "CrossFit method. The workouts are well programmed in a large specious facility. The absolute cleanest full equipped CrossFit box (gym) I have ever been. After several months of being a member this place gets better and better. All the members really get value here.
5	I dropped in this gym (I know people refer to it as a box, but that sounds stupid! Its a gym, this is AMERICA!!) for 2 weeks while in Scottsdale on a business trip. I chose this gym over another for 3 main reasons1. The owners are from Ohio (my home state)2. I could go to any class during the day and didn't have to sign up for one at 5 am.3. The price. They worked with me since I was going to be there for 2 weeks. I cant say enough nice things about this gym, the staff and the members! The gym is very clean. My home gym is amazing and has a really cool industrial feel that I love. This gym, I feel like if you sweat on the floor its cleaned up in about .02 seconds. Which is great! There are 4 showers (2 ladies, 2 men) Plenty of rig space and bars to go around. The Only small issue is, if there is a bigger class, wall space for HSPU could come at a premium. The gym uses all Rogue weights and a local company for the rig (always support those in your community. Great choice). The use the WODIFY system which is a great tool especially when traveling. The front of the gym also has a retail area to get a shirt, shoes, protein. The staff is great. I had the privilege to have Gabe, Dan, Courtney, and Brian coach my classes. All were very knowledgeable and took the time to look and refine your movement. The coach was ALWAYS cheering you on and encouraging you to go faster.  They explain the movements very well prior to the workout. The Members were fun and very inviting. Mainly went to the 6am class. It was the core group with some different people during the week. Those guys were great!  Always talking and trying to one-up each other. It made getting up early a lot easier!
5	I dropped in this boy while in Scottsdale and I'm so glad I did. The coaches and members are so friendly and welcoming - they made me feel like I've been crossfitting with them for years. And if that's not enough of a reason to go to this box, the drop in rates are fabulous!
5	Amazing facility and outstanding coaches! This is a family run operation (as with most CF gyms) but this one is extremely professional and organized. The community at CFIS is second to none and the support structure will help you achieve any fitness goal whether you are a beginner or competitive athlete. They maintain the facility impeccably and take pride in being the best.
5	Crossfit Infinite Strength has become an indispensable part of my life and fitness, enabling me to set and exceed goals and conquer movements that I have been unable to achieve in other gym environments. Each of the coaches are 100% accessible, and constantly engaged in helping members in the quest for proper form and fitness. The Crossfit 101 program is especially useful in promoting safety and teaching members to get the most out of crossfit exercises, but the learning continues ad infinitum as members explore increasingly nuanced variations and adjustments to beat yesterday's records. Motivation comes not only from the coaches, who provide a constant outpour of support, but also from fellow members and the camaraderie they provide. The Infinite Strength community, filled with interesting and affable people from varying walks of life, adds tremendous value to the gym that I have never experienced nor seen replicated anywhere else. The facility is spacious, well-equipped, and clean, reflecting the pride that both owners and members feel regarding the gym.
5	I had an excellent experience at this box the other day. The wod was challenging and Chad provided the instruction I needed to achieve success. The facilities are clean, the staff is very friendly and the community is great. I recommend it to anybody looking for a challenging workout!
5	I did a drop-in WOD here this morning because I happened to be traveling to Scottsdale for work. Everyone was super accommodating and nice, especially the coach, and treated me like they're own. They didn't charge me to drop in, which was a pleasant surprise. I checked with another box and they were going to charge me $20 for a drop-in, which is upsetting to me because I know my box doesn't charge as a courtesy to crossfit folks all around, and I would expect the same at other boxes. Either way, the WOD was great, people were friendly, coach was great as well. The box was clean, there was plenty of equipment, and plenty of room. Thanks again, CF Infinite Strength!
5	Yes, CrossFit Infinite Strength has a nice, clean, huge, wide open space with plenty of bars, weights, boxes, a large rig, showers, bathrooms, retail space, etc. Anyone can accomplish that. What CrossFit Infinite Strength does better than any other gym in Scottsdale (and probably in all of Phoenix) is provide you with an elite group of coaches. They only hire the best of the best. All of their coaches are very professional, many have degrees in things like sports medicine, anatomy, or kineseology and really understand how the body works and moves. They are very dedicated to the wellness and safety of their members. They are constantly making sure you have proper form and correcting any deficits in your movements. It's better than having a personal trainer. The "WODs" are really well programmed and build on each other so in a matter of weeks can you can actually see your performance and technique improve. And they are varied enough that you never, ever get bored.The staff and community are very friendly, welcoming and encouraging. I go to the 9am class which is a great mix of ages, fitness levels, and abilities and the coaches always make it work and everyone leaves having had a great work out. CFIS is also located smack in the middle of Scottsdale making it convenient for people who live North or South.If you're thinking of giving CrossFit a shot and you live in the Phoenix metro area, come to CrossFit Infinite Strength. You will be VERY glad you did!
5	What a great gym! My wife and I were traveling for Thanksgiving and we're looking for a gym to do a drop-in. The gym was beautiful, coaches were great and the wod was well thought out. Oh, and Alexandra Lachance is one of the coaches. Getting a picture and opportunity to meet her was awesome!
5	This is what a CrossFit gym should be. I dropped in, the owner Chad was there and greeted me. It was impressive from the beginning they have a retail outfit up front so if you forget shoes....no need to aimlessly search Phoenix for a pair of nano's CFIS has em. There is a refrigerator stocked with Kill Cliff and Quest bars a plenty for post WoD recovery. Everything is incredibly easy to purchase since they have a kiosk set up for you to be able to swipe your card. This is everything you experience before you eve walk int the door to the gym.Then you get inside. You see Male and Female showers, lockers, and a stocked mobility station. The rack is gorgeous and has everything you need to complete any WOD. Moving on they have 3 beautiful lifting platforms with comp plates and Rogue OLY bars, jerk blocks....its like a CANDY STORE!! Last but far from least is the programming. I saw their workouts and I was impressed after 3 and half years of CrossFit I saw some very challenging stuff on the board. The hands on coaching is awesome and if you are looking to be inspired you will be...they have some very well known people working out at their facilities. There is no reason to look to go anywhere else when you are in the area, this is the gym.
