5	I was a little skeptical about how this production would do in Las Vegas, but I was pleasantly surprised.  I originally saw the show in London and absolutely fell in love with the music, the story, and the man behind the mask.  After seeing the show at The Venetian twice, I fell in love again and again.The set is top notch and is of Broadway caliber.  The actors and actresses have beautiful opera voices.  And of course to accomodate the Vegas tourist, the show is shortened from 3 hours to 2 hours.  That way the tourist with ants in his pants to hit the table games won't be so antsy.  No worries though, all the original musical scores haven't been cut.Here's a fair warning to those who'll see the show...  Watch out for the chandelier.
5	Yes...there are some shows people can easily get sick of...CATS - HOW MANY MORE DAMN JELIKAL CATS COME OUT TONIGHT CAN I HANDLE???? But Phantom as always has been beautiful, exciting , catchy....I can sit here and....uh oh....I'm breaking out in song....Think of me, think of me fondly.......when we've said good night....remember me....once in a while....please promise me you'll try......Ok Back from showtunes limbo. So here's the deal. Christine...you'll fall in love with again. The phantom - you hate to love but you love to hate. If you've never seen a broadway show or musical. Try it. You might like it.
3	Man I can't stand Andrew Lloyd Weber. There's yer full disclosure. The theater is beautiul, the staging and tech aspects are jaw dropping, the band is tremendous, and the cast are all outstanding in every way. All in all, a night at the theatre pretty much unrivaled in Las Vegas...which I hope is not a circumstance that continues much longer.....because I hate Andrew Lloyd Weber....but I like a night at the theatre. That is irrelevant, though. It is a huge hit of a musical, lovingly staged by people who obviously really, really like Andrew Lloyd Weber. If you happen to be one of those people, you will be very happy with this production. It is the most technically complex staging of Phantom anywhere in the world, I am told, and the cast were really stunning, vocally and visually. So, it is really really good. But I hated it. Heh.
3	I totally agree with Ronald on this one.  I've not been a Lloyd Weber fan since I was a tiny Musical Theater freak in High School. (Yeah, I was well liked.)  But there was a certain magic when I saw The Phantom of the Opera for the first time on Broadway.The magic still remains  when you walk into the Phantom theater at The Venetian.  And the re-imagined staging with it's eye popping fire works are pretty impressive.BUT.....it doesn't keep ( the magic I mean) nor does it hide the fact that a few of the cast members seem to be "phoning it in."  A backstage term for "not really trying."  The night i saw "Phantom" the acting seemed particularly strained.  My thing is that....if you're surrounded by the special effects and sets and costumes, basically immersed in a world that is "Phantom" then what's the struggle to create a convincing character to an audience that's paying upwards of a $100 dollars a seat.....I've seen better performances over at "Tony and Tina's Wedding." (ohhhhhh, snap!)All and all, it's an OK show, and your out of town friends with love it as an alternative to Cirque Du Soliel.  But in this humble critic's opinion....the carpet doesn't match the drapes.
1	one star because:1. my boyfriend's parents took us to the show.2. the costumes, pyrotechnics, and faux-opera-house decor was decent.  not nearly enough bang! for las vegas, however.  and the pyrotechnics blinded me they were so bright.  but maybe i just have sensitive eyes...3. a three hour(?) broadway musical was squished down into a 95-minute "las vegas spectacular" so i didn't have to sit through three hours of crap and yawning.  (what exactly was "spectacular" about Phantom?  i'm still not sure).i really hate musicals and stageshows.  call me "uncultured" but i feel they're all a bit too over-the-top and contrived.  ten minutes into Phantom, my mind was already wandering (ex. "when is this shit going to end?!").maybe if i weren't such a musicals-hater, i would have given this show a better rating.  but i am.  so boo.the highlight of my evening was my dinner at bouchon.
5	I loved it.  I watched the opera in SF and this one didn't disappoint me at all.  I was intrigued.They cut all the yacking that was in the opera and only had the songs.  Even though some might think that would be harder to follow, it was actually better.  The total time of the performance was an 1.5 hours.  Not too long, not too short.
5	The theatre was amazing of which I loved the fact that the play was not only on the stage of which it was incredible.. I would definately read about the store first so you would appreciate the moral and the story behind this play. I was be intrigued and would definately was this again.
4	Very entertaining for a night in vegas, but its missing something that i can't describe that the Broadway show has. I thought i would like this show better, with the brand spankin new theater, the amazing chandelier (the drop is much faster),  but the Broadway show still wins out. What i did like about the show were the props. The sets were beautiful and the costumes were as sparkling as a lindsay lohan swarvoski covered cell phone. The music was just ok, the Phantom has a much stronger voice in NY. They also tweaked with the lyrics a bit, so unfortunately the audience didnt get to hear my BEAUTIFUL  voice. i was like "oh no you didn't mess w/ the original soundtrack!" But i give the show 4 stars because it was very much worth the $64 tickets (get em half off at the fashion show mall 1/2 price tix stand). And if you havent seen the Broadway production, you might totally be amazed by the show. A southern lady behind me kept yelling out, "OH, mah gawd, thaat is AMAzing!" So, if you want to be entertained, see the LV show. If you want to leave the theater in awe, take a flight to the Big Apple.
3	Not long ago, there were high hopes for Broadway plays in Las Vegas.  Wynn had Avenue Q, and was adding Spamalot; Luxor had Hairspray.  Well, Avenue Q and Hairspray quickly bit the dust, and the future is now cloudy.  The Venetian has its hopes pinned on the smash hit Phantom of The Opera.  The Vegas version has been shortened to 90 minutes, which seems to be the fate for all shows.The theater was nice.  The performers were good.  The songs were adequate.   Hmmmm..."nice"; "good"; "adequate".  Doesn't exactly sound like a glowing review.  True enough.  I'm not sure why, but I thought it was no more than OK.  When I really enjoy a play, I stop feeling like an observer and start caring about the characters.  That didn't happen here.
4	I love Phantom of the Opera- I've seen it at least 4 times in SF. So when my friend wanted to go in Vegas I happily agreed. We bought our tickets through one of the discount places on the strip and paid just $60 each for rear orchestra.Overall I thought the show was great. Its a fast version of the musical- but it works. The music was perfect and I loved the cast. The theater is amazing and I thought the set was really well done. Every version of the phantom I have seen has had some pyrotechnics, and Vegas had a little more- adding a nice touch. If you like theater- I think you'll like this version of the Phantom!
5	I saw 3 shows in Vegas this past weekend. The first was Phantom, 2nd was KA and third was "O"I paid $75 plus handling fees for Phantom at the Orchestra seats and I thought it was awesome. I really enjoyed the beautiful scenes and the great plot. I think it is well worth the money.  Loved the musicals and fast paced story.
5	Show: FANTASTIC! I love Phantom. If you've seen the original musical or the movie you will love the Vegas one. The beginning is amazing and the show has so many special effects! The stars are also great, outstanding voices and performances. The show also makes the audience feel like they are part of the actual show!Price: Not too bad. You can get discounted tickets on Goldstarevents.comLocation: Located in the Venetian. The theater is amazing, totally custom built just for this production.
5	"Be Seduced", and seduced we were.  An absolutely fabulous show.  Sure you could've seen it in NY, or in SF, or various other theaters throughout the world.  I think the only thing that could top this would be a hand picked original cast by Lloyd Weber himself.We all know the show is fabulous, the music wondrous, and the story unforgettable.  However, what sets this performance apart is the theater itself.  a $45 million dollar custom built theater for this performance, and by golly, it's worth every penny.  The Chandelier alone is a beautiful and amazing sight, and you get an incredible stunning close up right from the opening act.They've added some custom cosmetic twists to enhance the experience like pyrotechnics, additional backdrops, and even a trap cage!  The story remains the same, but the visuals enhance the overall experience.It's definitely a more faster version, as the show runs 90 minutes or so, but it's still told in it's entirety and has a great cast as well.  Definitely worth the price of admission, and there is no bad seat in the house.
4	Awesome!  For a couple that has seen the Phantom in LA and NY, I have even seen the original Phantom (Michael Crawford), and my boyfriend worked on the production during a brief stint in the Midwest, THIS IS A CANNOT MISS SHOW on Vegas.For half priced tickets, click here:https://www.goldstarevents.com/join?p=F292244RP -- stars based on category, not food
3	This is more of a 3.5 star review.  I dragged my friends to see this show over Thanksgiving weekend because I've been a fan of POTO since I first saw it many moons ago on Broadway.  I came with somewhat high expectations for this re-imagined "spectacular" version of the show.  I was slightly disappointed.SPOILER ALERT!First the positives:1. Anthony Crivello as the Phantom.  He sang the role very well, and he did a great job of getting you to feel a mixture of fear, sadness, and compassion toward the character.  (He alternates with Brent Barrett in the role.)2. The chandelier. Very cool.  Starts out as four pieces at the beginning of the show.  One piece sits on the stage covered and the other three hang at different angles from the ceiling of the theater.  The overture begins and all four pieces start swinging around and around above the audience only to fit into a single unit that becomes the theater's actual chandelier.3. A bit of a twist in the way the final scene is staged.  In the original production, Raoul is trapped by the punjab lasso.  In the Vegas show, he is ensnared by a blade filled cage that rises from the ground.4. The theater itself.  I loved how it makes the audience feel it's in an opera house.The negatives:1. The show was loud and amped, more suitable for a concert than a musical.  However, this is Vegas.2. The cuts. To fit this show into 90 minutes, they made several cuts.  Some are inconsequential (Bouquet's punjab lasso explanation, for example) while others are blasphemous (A few lines from Wishing You Were Somehow Here Again were removed and The Point of No Return was shortened, decreasing the drama of that scene.)3. The chandelier drop was anti-climactic.This shouldn't be your first time seeing Phantom live.
4	This is a very good production of Phantom with the following characteristics for fans who have seen multiple productions.The Phantoms in Las Vegas are pretty good with Crivello a shade better than Barrett but Christine is a tad worse than Phantom compared to elsewhere such as NY and London.Production values and the theater are the best.  If you are familiar with NY theatres and have a wide rear end, you can be somewhat uncomfortable.  Seats were built for smaller people back then and it can affect your overall enjoyment.No problem for Vegas.  The theatre, seating, staging, special effects, etc. are the best I have seen although other productions are not bad.  As for the cut in the time, I think it does take away a little bit.  It's a trade-off of a punchier production that gets you back on the slot machines faster versus a perceived value for your money for the length of the show.  However, if a show is noticeably too long then it detracts from the experience.You should never pay full price for this show.  If you gamble enough you might get it comped but there are often tickets at the half price outlets and online.  Overall, with a discount, this is a very good entertainment value unless you need to be blown away by Christine.
2	It is obvious that this theater was built for Phantom.  The fact that when the stage turned into the opera house the walls of the theater had boxes built in with people in them was fabulous.  As you looked up you could tell the way the roof would look from the top so when Christine was up there during the show that was cool. I loved the staging, the way it turned around when the actors where bowing to "the crowd".  The stairway down to the Phantom's lair in the beginning of the show was beautiful. The way the gondola looked like it was on water.  Fabulous.  The chandelier falling, for me was a let down but we were dead center row M which is right where the chandelier fell, so maybe I just miss seeing it happen.  But I hate to admit this the emotion of the show just did not hit me. I love theater and I've seen a lot of it, but this show just didn't do it for me.  I'm glad I saw it for the performance aspect of it, but it was a let down.
1	If I could rate this zero stars, I would.  My boyfriend and I were so looking forward to seeing this show on a recent trip to Vegas.  We are theater lovers and had heard such great things about this show.  I could go on and on about how much this show disappoints, but I'll trim it down in the spirit of Phantom's butchery.1. Very low energy from all the actors.  It was pretty clear that they had been doing multiple shows a day for a few months and just no longer cared.  2. The plot was entirely lost on my boyfriend who had not  been exposed to the story before.  I can not believe how much has been cut out.3. The music was so loud, it was hard to hear anything else.  My favorite numbers did not have any of the power I was looking forward to because I couldn't hear the singing.4. The "special effects" could be bought at a fireworks stand.  They were pretty pathetic and at times literally laughable.  The chandelier in the first 10 minutes, however, was a pleasant surprise.5.  The audience clearly needed a quick course on how to properly attend a show.  From the tourists who translated every single line, loudly for their relatives to the couple behind us who were talking loudly and eating their dinner in the theater, during the show.I'm pretty sure we weren't alone in these feelings, due to the sparse amount of applause at the end.  Do not see this show!
5	I loved this show! Even though I have seen and loved the traveling show at San Francisco, I enjoyed this one just as well. The set itself was all worth it to me, as San Francisco's show had limited effects, costumes, etc. The opening was magnificent! I felt those tingles of unexpectedness and delight at the same time. The singers were very good in my book, as the Christine in this one sounded just like the original recording by Sarah Brightman. She hit all of the high notes with ease! The best part had to be the chandelier scene! My mom was screaming, as did many of the people around us! We were right below it in the orchestra! I had to admit that my heart skipped a beat, even though I expected it to happen!After I had watched this show, I found out that my church choir conductor was in the show! Very cool, eh?I recommended this show to many of my close friends and family, and they have all enjoyed it. You may think that this version may lose its Broadway charm (since it is a Vegas show!), but I promise that it won't be a disappointment and will be to your satisfaction.
5	I loved it! I saw it in Vancouver 2 years ago and this was so much better.  Splurge for the golden circle seat (i think that's what they're called), we sat 5 or so rows back and the view was great, the set design and venue are spectactular, and the singer were just amazing.  You get all goose-bumpy when the curtain raises and the boxes are exposed with the most beautiful sets you've ever seen.. You must see this, I'm so glad my huband got us tickets.
4	very nice sound effects & overall a great show - great cast/actors(ress)
5	Dare I say it? The Vegas show is better than the regular version.The sets were beautiful, their transitions were awesome, the special effects were spectacular, the sound was crystal clear, the stunts surprised me, the seats have a better-than-average amount of elbow and leg space, the performers were on top of their game, and the venue (the Venetian) is drop-dead gorgeous. Plus we can drink in there (something I'm not used to doing while watching a musical). Next time I go I'm gonna try to get Golden Circle seats (aka chandelier seating).This show is a must-see in Vegas, like the Spearmint Rhino.
4	What can I say, the show was much better than I anticipated.I actually did not have high expectations for Phantom mainly due to the fact that I wasn't that interested in the story.  I've seen the movie with Emmy Rossum but I can't say that I was impressed by it.  I bought my friend tickets to Phantom over New Years Eve for Christmas and she BEGGED me to go with her.  Initially I said no because how lame is that, I buy her tickets and one is for me?!  Boy am I glad that she took me now!The special effects are amazing.  You're left wondering how they got from point A to point B on the set and the pyrotechnics are nothing short of spectacular.  The theatre and the set was absolutely breathtaking.  You can tell that not a single expense was spared in the construction of the venue.  There are 2 things that I didn't like though.  One was that they were total Nazi's over pictures in the theatre.  I mean c'mon the show didn't even start yet and you're telling me that I can't take pictures?!  Go back to seating people you people seater pssshhh...Secondly, the chairs were not comfortable in my opinion.  There is barely any leg room and I felt my leg going numb a few times AND there were no cup holders.  Thankfully we were sitting in the front row up in one of the balconies so we were able to use the ledge.  It just makes it hard to enjoy the show when your legs are losing circulation, you have to keep shifting to regain circulation, you are sitting with your purse/coat in your lap AND you're trying to not elbow the people next to you.  Larger seats please!All in all it is worth the money and I can see why it gets sold out so quickly.
5	I'm not much of an opera buff, but I was really "wow'd" when I saw this.  Great acting, singing, really cool custom theater, we had really great seats also.  We got a good discount on our tickets through travelzoo's promotion, only ended up paying about $70 per ticket for really great seats.  I'd recommend watching this even if you've seen Phantom already.  I don't want to give any spoilers, but it was hilarious when I heard people scream during the "Chandelier" part.
4	I had high expectations because it's well known... and my sister raved about it when she saw it Aug 07.When I saw the show April 26th, the understudy for the Phantom performed.  I thought he was the best part.  The set was decorated well.  Fireworks, although "cheesy" was a nice surprise.Good thing we got our tickets for a discount at the ticket booth at Fashion Show Mall.I was entertained and if you've never seen it before then you'll have a good time, but don't go with expectations of a Broadway play... you're in Vegas after all.
5	Wow what a great show.  I've heard all the Phantom songs before, used to listen to the CD a lot while driving, but had never seen the show.  I was pretty blown away.  The theater is gorgeous, the special effects are great, the acting and singing are near-broadway quality.  I'm usually a broadway show snob - if it isn't on broadway, it usually lacks emotion, but I was really moved by this performance.Don't sit in the front row - best is near the back of the golden section or whatever it's called.  Call and ask for seats directly under or just behind the main chandelier if you want a thrill.
4	I'm not usually into musicals but this ended up being a great show.  The acting and the singing were spot on, so good that I now have the Phantom CD set.  The theatre was magnificent and the special effects were great.  They do need to turn down the amount of fireworks though.  I found myself constintly blinded by them.  Go check this one out with a date, she'll like it.
5	I had been waiting to watch Phantom of the Opera since I was in first grade (I got sick and couldn't go). What better way to experience it for the first time than on the new Vegas set that cost 40 million dollars to build??I had high expectations going in knowing how much money was put into this production, and let me tell you it met everyone of them and beyond! Everything was absolutely amazing. The first 10 minutes of the show I had chills running down my body from the powerful orchestra playing the main theme song; Andrew Lloyd Webber is genius, composed in the 80s and I'd still rock out to those jams in my car!The cast was spectacular. The woman who played Christine (I think her name was Kristine also..?) had the most pure voice. The Phantom was fantastic as well. Everyone made the story very believable and exciting to watch. Their costumes were so elaborate and beautiful.The set was simply amazing. For the first 30 minutes I honestly thought those mannequins would start movin' around- they look so damn real. I didn't know they could possible do so much on that small of an area such as a stage. All and all a simply superb production. I applaud all of the participants. I believe we paid $100 for a first row balcony seat. They were a bit further than I had liked. Our seats were great , but I could just imagine how many more stars I would have added if we were closer!
2	Like most copies in Vegas, the Vegas version of Phantom of the Opera is a sampler of the real show--skipping much substance of the original Musical to create a cheapened experience.  No, there is no happy ending in this Phantom of the Opera.First and foremost, I should have known what I was getting into when I saw the running time of the musical--90 minutes without an intermission.  The Musical, as written and performed, is roughly 2 hours 30 min to slightly less than the length of Cats.  What's gutted out in the Vegas version of Phantom?  The original scene building between the Phantom & Christine in ACT 1 is gone.  Much of the backstage scenes and the play-within-a-play scenes are gone--except for the two comic relief antics of the producers/owners of the theater.  The Phantom's lair scenes in ACT 2 are almost all gone.  Basically, the only scenes left are the comic relief antic scenes (audience pandering) and the scenes with the important songs.By cutting an hour, Christine and the Phantom never had a chance to build up their love lost relationship in the first half and there was no horror and suspense throughout the whole show (in particular ACT 2).  We do not see or experience the pain of the brooding, torn, misunderstood Phantom. We do not see the Erik (the Phantom) that believes in the purity of the art of the theatre transpiring into love of music and life.  The Vegas version turns him into a villain instead of the dark gothic and quixotic anti-hero.  In essence, that is why this version fails--Erik the Phantom, central to the whole story (duh??), should be a strong character and singer.  The actors who play the Phantom sounded like a high pitched baritone or tenor squeaking.  There was no emotion--it was all mechanical.  Should I drop a quarter to see if the Phantom will vibrate?  The continual lack of emotion and feeling destroys the singing of 'The Music of the Night'.  The guy who sang it was just way off the mark--there was no passion at all.  Atrocious.  One of my favorite songs have been ruined, destroyed.Also, there was no romance or sense of longing with the duets, especially in the actual 'Phantom of the Opera' song or the duets between Raoul and Christine.I...I am just so angry at the bastardization of one of my favorite musicals.  The actors who played the Phantom (Barrett & Crivello, interchanged?) should never have been cast for this part.   They should have gone for Dickens' Oliver and repeated, "Please sir, could I have some more?" (...more training and a singing voice to start).  This production has turned the Phantom of the Opera into a cheap, lackluster copy without soul and without life.  On the Bright Side (the only reason why I'm giving it 2 stars instead of 1), the set changes and set design is astute and spectacular.  Kristi Holden as Christine is wonderful; she did her solos adeptly.  She was also nice eye candy on stage wearing that white corset ::grin::  Orchestra seats well paid for in that respect!I suppose, I should thank this Vegas cast.  I abhorred the production so much I bought tickets to the Broadway show and will be watching that in a few months.  Perhaps, the Vegas cast needs a field trip also to see how true professionals bring the Phantom to life.
5	While walking through the Venitian we were approached by a timeshare rep. stating we could get tickets to a show.  We replied that we were local which usually stops them and lets us move along.  Apparently these days they'll take anyone, so we ended up sitting through a timeshare presentation for two $25.00 tix to see Phantom of the Opera.Just walking into the lobby of the theater is impressive.  Having watched the movie prior to seeing the play, I knew what to expect.  The theater here matches what has been seen in the movie; even in the sides of the theater are booths filled with lifelike mannequins (and as always, the empty booth for the Phantom).  As you enter the theater, the chandelier is in pieces throughout the room, but as the play turns back in time to when the theater was open, the chandelier spins around the room, piecing itself back together.  It is quite..."Spectacular"... to see.  There are many instances where you will be watching the chandelier.  If you can get tickets on either side, behind or under the chandelier you will be glad you did.The cast is especially good and sings very well.  For a self-admitted bore when it comes to shows like this, I quite enjoyed the singing, dancing and acting that went into the show.  The movie and play matched up well together; the stage effects made it almost as if you were watching a movie.The tickets are quite pricey but well worth it (do like I did, however, with the timeshare bit) but even with passes, if you show up early enough you can usually get a good seat.  The seats are a bit uncomfortable but it goes with the old style of the theater, so I guess one has to suffer for a better show.I would go again, but will only do one of these shows if I am on a date...not a good bachelor party show (try Spearmint Rhino or X-Burlesque.
5	Just like everyone else, I was completely blown away by this show! We got our tickets on goldstar.com for $80 which was an awesome deal because we were still in orchestra seats. I don't think it matters where you're seated though because the whole theater was relatively small and really intimate. Anyways, everything was just over the top in this show, the special effects (especially the chandelier!), the singing, costumes... I loved it all! Basically the name speaks for itself... think Phantom x10000 and that's what you'll get in Vegas.
5	I've seen Phantom on Broadway and really loved it then, but this was absolutely wonderful for a shorter, punchier version. The music is pretty much the same, but they cut the dialogue down. The cast is excellent and the special effects were great. The theater, though small, is beautiful. We bought our tickets the day of the performance for cheap and were upgraded by an usher to the eighth row!
5	Like some other Yelper's I got my tickets off of Goldstar because of the discount they are able to provide.  There were 6 of us, yet we still got AWESOME orchestra seats next to the right aisle along the same line as the chandelier.  The show itself was amazing.  To actually sit in a theater that has been specially designed for a specific show in mind is a totally different experience.  I had previously seen the show performed in San Francisco, as well as seen the movie so the music and story were nothing new to me.  I was especially impressed with the shorter run-time, the inclusion of all the songs, and the added special effects.  It was obvious how much time and money was put into this production.  The cast was great, but I think the acoustics in the theater itself could have been a little better.  The sound was almost fake-sounding at times, and didn't blow me away as some other productions have in the past.  On top of that, a mother and child were constantly talking behind me throughout the entire show which ruined the immersion a bit for me.Overall, I highly recommend this show.  It was worth it.  I'd definitely go again, without the talking behind me of course.
5	To preface: I'm a very cynical theatre major. I hated the Phantom movie and I have an aversion to Andrew Lloyd Webber. I didn't think I was going to see this show while I was in Las Vegas....then I heard that the theatre was built for the show and I thought: how could I not experience this show? I am so glad I changed my mind for the technical aspects alone. The chandelier itself is amazing. The sets are amazing. The costumes are amazing. And yes, the singing is amazing too, but I was expecting that. The shear spectacle of this show is worth the price. I was left amazed, and I can only imagine that anyone who doesn't know what goes on behind the scenes to make every special effect possible will be even more enthralled.
4	We bought our tickets last minute, but fortunately we had great seats in the Orchestra section.  I have to warn you that any show in Vegas is pricey--I don't know if we paid too much, but our tickets were $108 each.  Even though it was expensive, I was very satisfied with the show.  As others have mentioned, the set is amazing because the theater was built specfically for Phantom.  I especially enjoyed the chandelier and the fake audience on the sides.  Talented cast and beautiful music. One negative was the random firecrackers during a pitch-black scene, which hurt my eyes!  Also, you have to know that it's a condensed Vegas-version of Phantom because it's only 90 minutes long with no intermission.
3	This was my first time watching Phantom of the Opera and had no idea what this show was all about.  If the tickets were  $70-110 yes, then it is worth it.  The price I paid $130 center balcony was way overprice for the length, number of performers, effects, and the stage.  The chandler effect was okay.  I guess I was expecting Hi tech like the Ka stage.  I should have seen Cirque du Solei "O" instead.  The theater was barely half full while on the same night O was almost sold out with limited view seat still available. Speaking of the theater, the seats were standard seating and very uncomfortable.  My legs including my girl and the other girl beside  me were numbed at the end of the show.  They, not me had a hard time getting up. During the show, I  ended up accidently kicking the folks in front of me and I am only 5'8" tall.  Reading the other reviews, this is a shorter version from the other Phantom and perhaps I need to see the full length version of this show.   However, my girl enjoyed this very much, though this was her second broadway style show she has seen in her life, Wicked being her first.
2	The sets were great, some of the singing was great, but to take this reader's digest condensed format and make it really thrilling is more difficult than it sounds. I thought the supporting cast were far better than the lead and even or an inside resort Vegas strip show, it was too expensive. The technical part was flawless, but the humans could use some work. I didn't fell ripped off, just a little disappointed.
3	The Broadway one is better.  However, I have to say that the props, the special effects, and the costumes were all quite fabulous.  Well, it is Las Vegas, and things here all tend to be a little showier, flashier, gaudier, and more extravagant!!!  So in that arena, I give it a 4.5.  I couldn't understand the performers while they were singing. . .and I had very good seats.  I understood Christine and the Phantom. . .but all the other performers, forget about it. I think my friend couldn't stop thinking about the blackjack tables cos I kept seeing him fidgeting in his seat. . .even while Raoul and Christine were embracing and singing their "All I Ask of You" song.  **SPOILER WARNING**My favorite part has always been the end, while the Phantom is sobbing with utter grief in a crumpled, dejected pile on the floor while he listens to Christine and Raoul singing "Say you love me with every waking moment" lalalala all while Raoul is rowing Christine out of the darkness in the gondola.  Talk about depressing!!!
1	I'm a major Phantom of the Opera fan. I've seen the stage production twice, and just bought tickets to watch it again. I've bought the movie, even though it wasn't as good as the stage production. So I was super excited to see this in Vegas back in late 2007.I went by myself, as my friends decided they would rather hang out in the hotel room than go see shows, gamble, or shopping. When the music started, I got excited, and then the singing started.Wow. The singing was....just...wow. And not in a good way either. The guy who played the Phantom was not good. Not terrible, but not good. He felt the need to vibrato EVERY SINGLE NOTE he sang, which got extremely annoying. To be fair, everyone else was quite good.The costumes were not as elaborate as those I'm used to seeing. They cut out pretty much all of the speaking parts, which really cut down on the running time, and so was a huge disappointment. And if I remember correctly, they also shortened some of the songs, which is a HUGE no-no for a musical.In short, I would recommend saving your money to watch Phantom as a full musical on Broadway if it's your first time ever seeing the show. It's simply not worth spending all that money for a half-@ssed excuse for a musical.
3	I had never seen Phantom of the Opera and was told that it's slightly different to the theatrical production.  Thinking it was like other performances I have seen (Rent, Wicked, Chorus Line, etc.) that the best seats are the ones that are as close as you can get to the stage.  So I got tickets that were in the second row slightly to the right.  Worse decision ever.  You have to lean back/twist your neck to watch the dancing chandeliers.  The pyrotechnics on stage are blinding.  My wife had seen the regular version of Phantom and she was caught off guard by the fireworks - said you can feel the heat come off them.  So if you get tickets, you are better off sitting as close to center as possible but farther in the back, in my opinion.  The tickets are overpriced but then again that's what you get when you have a famous show in an expensive hotel.With respect to the performance itself, the singing was good, but not great.  The costumes and the acting were just ok.  I wish I had seen the theatrical production first as I don't really care to see it now.  I probably would have appreciated Phantom more.
5	My daughter & I love this show! She was eight when we saw the show. She's a figure skater. She was so taken by the whole performance, she chose Phantom for her following skating competition program. I watched Phantom on TV before and cried my lungs out on two scenes. Believe it or not, I couldnt stop my tears at the show itself during the same two scenes!  The last one was at the end when he was left behind and when the light turned on, I had no place to hide my swollen eyes - I was pretty embarrased. The performance is just so powerful, I will watch again and again (I think). But the next time will be at home... Anyone know where I can get a DVD? I bought some sort of DVD at the show, mistaken it for the shwo itself but it was only the music which I already own.
1	The most expensive sleep I ever had.Now, I dont mind spending $150 to see a good show.  Heck, I'll pay more if I have to.  Phantom is definitely not worth it.  The show put me to sleep.
5	Fabulous! Don't spend more for the "Golden Circle" it is completely unnecessary. This theater is small enough where every seat is a good seat. We were on the left, orchestra level, row S, seats 60 & 61 on the aisle. These were perfect. This aisle is used by some Phantom actors, and you can expect them to run by you! You are close to the chandelier too! This Phantom production has a Vegas flair with pyrotechnics! This Phantom really played up the psycho side of the Phantom. I've seen 2 Broadway productions of the Phantom and this one was excellent! See it, it's great!
5	the show was great! great costumes, signing, and special effects all around. my gf and i really appreciate the new 40mil theatre as well. it was really nice. the actual theater is small and even the "cheapest" seats had a great view. i'll definitely try to come out and watch it again. we scored some pretty good tickets for a great price and when we got there, the usher offered us 2 seats in the golden circle. dropped the guy a jefferson and off we were. cant beat that for $153.
1	Be sure you read these carefully, because it will help you decide which way to go.  There is some good information, but it totally depends on your viewpoint.If you're a fan of musicals in general, and Phantom in particular, then chances are that you'll like the theater (it's very nice), and you'll find the explosions spectacular, but that's about it.  The running time is short, so you'll be able to get back to your slot machine or buffet - but you're going to be disappointed by the show itself.If you're a fan of movies, and don't particularly care for theater, then chances are you'll like the show.  It's short enough to keep your attention, and not long on most things that people who don't like theater find boring.My opinion is that the show was pretty bad.  I much prefer every version I've ever seen - even the movie (which wasn't that great).  Traveling versions, which are typically not good, have been better.  One that I saw in LA some twenty years ago with Robert Guillame, was excellent, and a semi-permanent version in Toronto a decade or so ago, was probably the best I've ever seen.  This was blech.  Not spectacular by any means.They'll tell you it's chilly, but it's not.  The explosions help with that, as does the crowd.  You can definitely get better deals than the box office.
5	we were about second row but there was no one in front of us. what a great show!!!! when i came back home all i could do was watch the video over and over again. i would love to see it again.ps its a little cold in there...
5	I thought I'm going to sit through 1-2 hours of boring hell, but I came out actually liking it and even buying a few of their songs on itunes :)That's the general review I got from taxi drivers too.  That guys usually go in thinking they wouldn't like it, but end up liking it.  It's well done :)Tip : What are the best seats?  I think it would be 8-10th row in the golden circle. Check on ebay for discount coupons because agents are busy trying to fill seats.
5	This show was AWESOME!!!I was very impress by the attention to detail in the costumes, the sets and the special effects.  Everything was beautiful and over the top.  Kristi Holden played Christine wonderfully.  I went with the BF and even though he had no prior background on the Phantom, he loved it so much that when we got home, he downloaded  the entire sound track and hummed it for weeks.The theater was pretty small so i can't see how any seat is bad but i suggest not to sit so close to the stage because you'll miss out on parts of the show.  We sat right in the middle of Orchestra Section 5, row EE and I thought this was PERFECT.  It was far enough to see 'everything' and close enough to see the details.check for discounts on the bottom of your ticket and in the ticket holder - example: complementary drinks at LAVO.
3	The set was pretty amazing, the music was good, the costumes. I'm not sure I can pin point why but I just liked the movie a bit more- which is sad to admit when you're watching something live and you like the movie more. But that's the truth. Also we sat farther back on this show, most theaters in Vegas it doesn't make much of a difference but I felt pretty far away.
5	Awesome set and great special effects.  Well worth the dollars.
5	I am not a huge fan of musicals, but Phantom by far was a very moving experience for me.  The actors' voices were amazing!!  The moving set was amazing!!  I am still trying to figure out how they did it!!  The storyline amazing!!   When we gave them a standing ovation, I had to wipe tears from my eyes!!  A definite GO SEE!!!
5	I've seen it at so many times, I've lost count. This venue is probably the best one. the show is 90 min long, so no intermission and it goes by quick but you won't miss any important songs or parts of the musical. What's so awesome about this theatre is that the theatre fully caters to Phantom its like the audience is really sitting in the Phantom's theatre. The whole theathe is strikingly 'in Your face" bright with dark and reds. The chandieler is huugge! and sits right above the orchestra seats. All the actors were great! and the sound was evenly distributed around the theatre and loud! I would recommend this show to anyone who visits!!
5	I saw this for the third time for my birthday last week and I'm still mesmerized as always.  Phantom of the Opera is my all-time favorite musical and has been for some years now.  I actually saw it for the first time at the Venetian and was blown away.  The sets and special effects are jaw-dropping as are the costumes.  The actors have great voices.  I was surprised with a 90 minute tour backstage as well as a surprise.  I'm not even sure where to begin with that.  Let's just say it was an experience I will never, ever, ever forget.  Before I start to ramble as I typically do when I talk about Phantom, all I have to say is: Run, don't walk!
5	I've seen many other Phantom productions and this one is definitely the best I've seen.  High notes:1)  Crivellii is a good, non-whiney PhantomYou can sometimes get a squeaky Phantom who doesn't frighten you at all, but this guy is good.2)  Shortened version.  They did a good job of cutting out scenes that are distracting or don't advance the plot.   - The opening dance sequence is shorter - No scenes with the stagehand/Madame Giry discussing the "punjab lasso" (a weapon description that makes the Phantom sound *less* scary, not more!) - No scene where Christine returns to rehearsals3)  The chandelier falls at the end of Don Juan Triumphant as the Phantom makes off with Christine.  This follows the movie and has always made more sense.  Having the chandelier fall earlier and then trying to explain that they have a new chandelier while stating in the prologue that it was the chandelier involved with the "strange affair" with the Phantom of the Opera4) It's a custom theatre so to the effects are phantastic!Better than a cirque show, especially if you've never seen Phantom.
3	I feel weird giving Phantom only 3 stars, but the "A-OK" description just fits better than "Yay! I'm a fan."  The truth is, I'm not a fan of Phantom of the Opera.  I certainly enjoyed the show, the performers are very good, and the theater is simply amazing.  I just don't "feel" the plot as much as other musicals I've seen.  Having said that, there is no way you can leave the theater without getting one or more of the songs stuck in your head.  Perhaps 3.5 stars is a more accurate rating from me.
4	This was my first Vegas show. I usually don't have the attention span to sit still for 1.5 hours, but I've always loved the soundtrack and was eager to see the show. Maybe I'm retarded, but I felt the plot was hard to follow. I had read the synopsis in preparation. It didn't really help me at all. Aside from that, the effects blew me away. I really wasn't expecting the spectacular visuals. The singing/music was awesome. It was really moving. I'd highly recommend it though, for non-retards. Even if you're a bit mental (such as me), you'll still enjoy the show.
4	I've been Phantom in Toronto 3 times so I know the musical and love the score.  I was impressed by the theater in Vegas because of it's size and decor.  I also liked that the show was not too long and no intermission.  This was my husband's 1st time seeing Phantom and he enjoyed the show as well.  He has a short attention span so this was the perfect quick show for us to catch.  The visuals and effects of the show were great.  The chandelier is so big and I loved what they did with it in the beginning.  I loved the person playing Christine.  She did a great job!!  As always Phantom makes me cry towards the end.  I get emotional with the music and story... my husband even was humming a few tunes later on our trip.  Great show!
5	Phantom is my all-time favorite musical and the show in Las Vegas did not disappoint.  I was a bit worried, having read reviews that bits had been cut out and there was no intermission.  However, I actually liked it better.  This is my third time seeing the show and this was the best cast of the three. I saw it in London and was not impressed by Christine, but this Christine was phenomenal.  The special effects were very impressive and I enjoyed the extra touch they added to the show.  Not having an intermission actually made the show better in my opinion because it gave us more time to do things in the evening and helps those who have husbands who hate musicals - this time he only had to sit through 90 minutes, rather than 2 1/2 hours!This show was great and definitely worth the money!
4	I thoroughly enjoyed Phantom at the Venetian. It was a pyrotechnic extravaganza. It's hard to imagine such a condensed version of the original could be as good -- a sort of greatest hits -- but I was impressed by how the story unfolded and flowed. I was disappointed by the actor playing the Phantom. His voice was a bit shaky at times and seemed to get washed out by the orchestra. He totally could not hit the high notes and at times I had to strain to hear him. That was disappointing since I was sitting in the 4th row from the stage and that also means that people behind me probably had a worse experience. I think the actor who played Raoul was a much more powerful performer. Raoul was the dominant presence and performer, other than Christine. Kudos to those two actors. The stairway down to the Phantom's lair in the beginning of the show was beautiful. The way the gondola looked like it was on water. Fabulous. The chandelier being put together at the beginning of the show was intriguing and great staging (way to move the story along and visually stunning). The chandelier falling was equally exciting, except I had to strain my neck a bit to catch it actually falling. Also when the Phantom commanded the chandelier to fall there seemed to be a moments delay.
3	i am so sorry! i was really looking forward to this show and i actually liked the movie more after seeing this. i love the set and costumes. and the songs were great but something seems to be missing. i don't know what it is. the only part that i liked the most was the rising and fall of the chandelier.
5	The show was phenomenal!!!To say it in words will never do it justice. You have to be there... see it, experience it. We were on the edge of our seats, holding our breaths and in tears. It was that good. Everybody knows the story but the effects and the stage design are what captivated us the most. The actors are good but the chandelier was the star of the show right from the start.The price was a really good deal for us. Bought it at Tix4tonight, paid $80 for a $120 value tickets. And we even got complimentary drinks at Lavo ($13 value)! Check out my review for Lavo. The greatest advice I could give you when you decide to watch the show... Don't blink!
4	I've seen the original Phantom of the Opera in NY & the acting & singing in this performance is just not as good but the decor, costumes, set & pyrotechnic work that they had here during this show was just AMAZING & AWESOME!! =)They made the show look more like the movie rather than the original Broadway show... =) I'm just disappointed that they had cut a lot of the singing out compared to the original version..probably to get you onto the casino floor 2 loose more money 2 the casino..hahhaa... =)OVERALL, if you LOVE Broadway Shows & The Phantom of the Opera, this is a definite MUST see.. =)
5	OMG so good!!! One of the cheaper shows in Vegas and worth every penny! It was done beautifully and tastefully. My favorite part is the chandelier part. I still get chills thinking about it. A must if your going to Vegas.
4	Having seen the NY production at least twice, I would say that this is at least on the same level. Stage design is awesome as always in Phantom shows, and I liked it.
4	Yay! I'm a fan! This was my first time seeing the Andrew Lloyd Webber masterpiece. Although I was aware that this is a shorter version of the Broadway production, I was very impressed. The performance was positively amazing! We were fortunate enough to sit towards the front near the orchestra. The sound around the theater was great. I highly recommend everyone sees this if they're in Vegas.
4	Really great! Not something I would normally go to, but my wife wanted to see it. I was really glad I went. Truly a top notch production.
5	I love Phantom, re-living it all over again.  I've seen the show twice in Calgary and it's way better than the one here in Calgary.   Andrew Lloyd Webber's songs and music - so good and I'm still humming them today.  Love the chandelier part!  See it in Vegas!
5	This show is just amazing! The theater is absolutely beautiful, and the stage design was awesome, it makes the experience that much better, and the chandelier is magnificent! The whole show was very professional and entertaining, I didn't want it to end! I also found a promotion on www.destinationcoupons.com for $25 off of Orchestra & Golden Circle Seating, which was SO helpful! This show is great, everyone should see it at least once, and this production of it was definitely worth the trip.
5	The first time I saw this production at this location was in June 2008 with my mom. We bought the tickets at the Venetian box office and were then upgraded to seats in the Golden Circle right under the chandelier. AMAZING performances, set and special effects. In fact I enjoyed it so much my boyfriend took me to see it again in January 2009 at the same location. And we don't even live in Las Vegas. We're from San Diego, CA. This time we had 3rd row seats which were also purchased at the Venetian box office. Being so close to the front you could really see people's vocal cords and the "magic" behind the special effects. So it was a totally different experience again. I would see it here again.
5	I love Phantom of the Opera!!  We were told by the box office to dress at least business casual for this performance, and I can see why.  The decor of this theater is breathing taking, and as you are gazing around you - it is very clear that a lot of money was spent on the sets and ambiance of this place.  The sets, props, special effects were wow-worthy!  It was one surprise after the next that kept the audience in suspense.The Phantom was so spectacular in this performance that I do not even have words to describe it other than I would definitely come back just to watch him in this performance again and probably again.  Another nice touch to this show is that on the bottom of the ticket, there is an offer for a free drink at Lavo before/after the show.  Tip:  You can student rush tickets from any of the box office in The Venetian or The Palazzo.  Each student id is eligible for 2 tickets to the shows in the red zone which are originally $110 for $33!  That is a steal!!Edit: You can buy these tickets at the box office inside the hotel of the Venetian or Palazzo.  Tickets can also be purchased in advanced and doesn't have to be the day of.  I also got The Blue Man Group tickets for $45 each.
5	We loved this show.  The music, story, stage and theater were beautiful!!!  My advice would be to get the closest seats possible.The performance was amazing and the highlight of our trip....
5	This is my first time ever seeing a musical. I'm not a huge musical fan but this show was amazingThe show: 4Set Design: 5!The show itself was pretty good but what made this show so awesome was the set design. I was completely blown away. I was told that the theater was specifically made for the Phantom of the Opera but DAMN. They set it up so it almost feels as if you are part of the play. I have never been so blown away by set design before. Bravo!Btw, this is located inside the Venetian right behind the escalators.
5	well unfortunatly i fall asleep at every show and i fell asleep for about 5 minutes during this one. but man!!!!!! this show was soooooo beautiful. the set is absolutely amazing!!!!!!!!!! i love the moving props and there is so much detail and depth. this is the best show in vegas. classic and timeless. and man can the main girl sing ! :)
5	Great show, a classic of course. If you're a fan of songs, love stories, drama, and a little comedy this is for you. Really great show. Love it and the ending was good too.
5	I must have seen Phantom of the Opera at least 2-3 times in San Francisco over the years.  I wasn't expecting much for this show, but decided to go anyway since we got some free tickets that came with the hotel room.  We almost didn't go, but the damn Venetian just kept playing songs from the soundtrack everywhere we went (elevators, women's restroom, etc.) that we got the songs stuck in our heads and decided to go for our 2nd show in one night!I gotta say, I'm glad we saw this show right after Blue Man Group (which I've also seen before), since this show just blew that one out of the water!  The set was so much better than the one in San Francisco, probably because this theatre was built especially for the Phantom show.  The special effects were more dazzling, and the opening sequence just took my breath away.The show was a lot shorter than the usual broadway show, it was only around an hour and a half with no intermission.  However, I still got to hear all my favourite songs, and you don't really miss out on the stuff that they cut.  I think it actually helped the show that it was a lot more fast-paced after cutting some of the slower parts.  I only wish that they got a better "Phantom" since he seemed pretty old and didn't have the sexy, mysterious vibe of other singers that have played this role before.This is a leaner, meaner version of Phantom of the Opera, and I would see it again in a heartbeat!
4	I'm a big fan of the Phnatom of the Opera--I saw it twice when it came to Hawaii, so I was thrilled to see it in Vegas. I should note that this show is shorter than the original, roughly about 2 hours long. All the original songs are still featured, but I can see how they've cut and moved around some stuff for the Vegas show. These are not bad changes at all, so don't worry.To sum up my experience, it was like the glitz and glamour of Vegas was injected to the Phantom of the Opera. The costumes were amazing, meant to be seen up close, the sets gave each scene added depth, and the special effects were awesome.We were seated on the ground level right under the chandelier and I don't remember it being that exciting from when I saw it in Hawaii.The cast was great, although, the quip I have with the Phantom is that he was a bit too "crazy" for my taste. Don't get me wrong, he had a great voice, but it was hard to feel sorry for the Phantom at all the appropriate times when he was jerking his body and hands around and laughing (silently) with his mouth wide open. In the past, I've always really felt for the Phantom, especially at the end when he finally lets Christine go. In this version, I wasn't overcome by that same sadness which I think is integral to the storyline. Nevertheless, I had a great time.
5	The theatre was especially built for this show, a replica of the opera house in the musical. This is my favorite musical. We had front row seats. OF COURSE IT GETS 5 STARS!If you are a Phantom fan, this is the show for you! The theatre was amazing, and they used the room so it was almost like an interactive experience instead of just watching the show. The singers were all very talented, and the costumes were amazing! All the famous songs were in the show, although some were slightly altered to fit the time frame for the show. All in all an AMAZING experience. I've seen this show twice and I'm more than willing to go back for a few more!
5	My favorite musical ever. I loove the story and the singing and when you watch it you feel as if you are right in the action of the opera house. It is built as if you are a real audience in the theater in the story. You have to know the story and what is going on because they sing the entire time. My bf hated it because I don't think he understood what was going on half the time. I had to explain to him what is happening. Great theatrics, a must see show!
5	production was amazing!!!  the show was great !!  the stage was unreal too.. they dont let you get any pictures off in there... for sure going back to see it
4	This was the forth or fifth time I have seen Phantom and Vegas did it right. The effects are what really set this apart from any other Phantom show.  It's a little pricey and it is shorter than the original but I would recommend it to anyone who will be on the area.
5	We were visiting Las Vegas with our 12 and 13 year olds. We saw the billboards for Phantom and thought it would be fun to take them. My husband and I saw the show twice in San Francisco, and loved it. We are all fans. We have the soundtrack and the movie. We got tickets online for $60.00 with all of the fees etc. included. We were in the balcony last two rows. We knew they were nosebleed but that was all we could afford. A few minutes before the show started the usher told us we could move forward a few rows to fill in. That was great.All of the seats are good. Being high you get a birds eye view of the whole stage. Buy the best you can afford and go! Wow, what a show! It blew us out of the water. I did not even realize they had cut anything besides the Masquerade scene, short. That was a little disappointing as it was one of my favorite scenes. I liked that there was no intermission. They built this theater for the show and boy what a difference. It was like a movie set. Amazing!! The kids loved it. It was hard not to sing along, and my daughter said the woman next to her did! Go see this show at the Venetian. Amazing!!!!
5	This was one of the best experiences I've had. The auditorium looks so legit! It was beautiful.After I saw the movie, I wanted to see this on stage. It was worth it. It was very similar to the movie and the music. Ahhh the music. I love the soundtrack. Gives me goosebumps every time.Hearing it live was thrilling. The performers are  very good.The "fireworks" or sparks or whatever are pretty damn bright.One bad thing was that the seats were kinda cramped and my legs tend to sleep after a period of not moving around. But go see this show. It is fantastic. It's worth the money.
5	Woot!!  Phantom was great!!  I saw the show twice... once on the 4th role and the second time on the balcony.  I recommend seats closer to the stage even if it's on the side.  You get the best view on the balcony, but you are also missing out on the real voice.  Listening to the voices through speakers are a bit different from listening to the real voices
4	Good show...loved the part where the chandalier dropped down and  everyone in the theatre GASPED.  The singing was amazing.I am not a big fan of operas but this was pretty good...I must apologize for falling asleep briefly though...the show was good but I was just exhausted from running around all day...
4	I studied music for my Bachelors.  I know the elements of how opera works, and an fairly critical of any performance because of school.I'm also not a major fan of stage.I really dug this show.  It was not only fast paced, but interesting and lively.  Dramatic, without the melodrama or overacting.  The cast was great, the orchestra doubly-so.We sat down front and loved the view.  I now want to sit up in the balcony for the change of perspective.  As mentioned elsewhere, there are chandeliers dropping, etc.  My lady mentioned seeing it before, and that it was longer (this show had no intermission, blazing through to the end in one sitting), but it worked, and I felt I'd gotten a whole show.  I'm now curious about the longer, multi-act set, but will have to find that another time.For now, I'm most pleased.
3	I will say production-wise and set-wise, it was on Broadway standards...maybe even better.  The costumes were beautiful. It was very difficult for me to not compare this version to the Broadway one.  I was very lucky to have seen Phantom on Broadway with Sarah Brightman and the extremely talented Michael Crawford, so I'm a little biased.  But I didn't care for the Reader's Digest version of the play.  It's basically a sampler of the real show skipping a lot of the substance of the original play to create kind of a cheapened experience. The Broadway play is so much more rich.  I have to agree, by cutting out over an hour, Christine and the Phantom never had a chance to build up their love lost relationship in the first half. The horror and suspense was missing through out the show, which I think affected the actors performances.  I think the actors did the best they could with what time they had.
5	Phantom - The Las Vegas Spectacular (Venetian Hotel & Casino)When planning to see this PLEASE book way in advance to get the best seats possible.  I recommend the first 15 rows center (best is first five A- E, can really see the actors' intensity while singing).  Drawback is the chandelier events will require you to turn around in your seat to see it.This Las Vegas enhanced production of the popular Broadway musical will have fans of the original captivated. The show is about one hour forty minutes in its entirety unlike the original of two and a half hours. Meaning some portions of the play were removed (Webber's classical songs remain) and the intermission (sorry no bathroom breaks). The 1,800-seat theater was built from the ground up for this production solely to accommodate incredible special effects and elaborate new sets. This is a spoiler to two events of the play, but I want you to understand what to decide in selecting seats.  The playhouse will look old and abandon.  Then the drapes will rise exposing the playhouse and disassembled chandeliers hanging in four pieces will reassemble in dramatic fashion (awesome watching the large swaying chandeliers move about). Later in the show the chandelier will fall some fifty feet in mere seconds and abruptly stops only several feet above those seated beneath it (those seated under it screamed).  So you have to decide if you want to enjoy a large portion of the show up close and have to turn around couple of times to see the events behind you (think the chandelier assembles/falls about row J or so (8-10 rows back from stage) or just watch the show uninhibited.  We were in row C seats 27 & 28 (third row, almost center).Also recommend dinner at Delmonico Steakhouse - (Venetian Hotel & Casino, see my review).  First reservations at 5pm giving you plenty of time to catch the show at 7pm (6:30 seating).
4	It was a nice show. I received tickets for free for staying at the Venetian, but otherwise don't think I would have chosen this show, but I'm glad I was able to experience it.The story is ok, but the production of the show is amazing. It's crazy how much work they put into it. I was able to sit right underneath the chanderlier so the seats were the best in the house.
5	I've never seen the Broadway show, I've got the CD, I've sort of watched the movie (walking in and out of the room as it was on HBO), so I knew a little of what to expect.  I have to admit, this show really fools the mind, I came in expecting some typical BS Las Vegas style screwed up version of Phantom Of the Opera, but the performance rivaled that of Broadway (at least the CD) and everything was so well done, I spent most of the time in awe of how these people can do this day to day and do it so well.  It starts with everything around you covered up and immerses the audience, I won't go further to spoil it if you've yet to see it but if you're in LA and have a "bucket list" this is one of the things you should do to cross off, well worth it.  The female lead was great, so was her female ballerina friend who could have easily played the lead part as well,  (I'm not good with names, hey, I'm a guy..that's my excuse).   The "theater owners" were good, parts well played, they look and acted like some former bosses yikes, how close to reality.  The music was done well, professional, I expected some canned music (it's Vegas, everything's fake) but was surprised to see a real orchestra, so fine tuned and on cue.  Worthy of a look, good place to up a guy's chance of getting laid if you play it right (hint don't take her back to hotel and say "ok I took to you a show, now come on b*&tch" ::buzzer::  or you will get none of that..for the entire trip.
4	Very nice!  We decided to get Phantom tickets since they were relatively inexpensive compared to the others on our list that ended up being sold out or not showing on that particular day.  Loved the lush scenery and costumes but for all the dazzling reviews, I didn't really think it outdid other productions by THAT much.  Thought the lady who played Christine had a truly beautiful voice.  It was fun, and we were humming the tunes for the rest of our trip.  Would recommend to anyone who likes musicals.  On the other hand, I think people have really high expectations just because it's Vegas.  I kind of felt sorry for the cast at the end because people didn't really clap that much.  They work hard out there, give them some respect!!!
4	Having seen the original, this was a nice abridged version. Being a "phan" I love all things Phantom. I listen to the original score and sing along on the way to work. Yadda, yadda, yadda. So, hubby and I find ourselves in Vegas and he's never seen Phantom of the Opera. While it wasn't THE Phantom of the Opera, it was something I thought he might enjoy, as would I. And we did!The theater was beautiful and the scenery and costumes were fantastic. The singing was top notch. Everything was so awesome that I couldn't believe how cheap the tickets were. And on top of that, when we were being seated, they told us that they hadn't sold enough seats downstairs so we were being upgraded. We ended up third row center! That was great to see the stage, but it was a bit difficult for the grand chandelier unveiling.Everything was wonderful except for the drunk whore that sat behind us that kept talking non-stop to the male she was with. (I don't want to say boyfriend or husband because I want to give the chap the benefit of the doubt.) It wouldn't have been bad if she didn't sound like such an idiot. And she mentioned to the dude, like 3x, "Ummmm... did you turn your phone off?" And he said yes each time. And in between that we had to hear about how drunk she was and how she'd rather be gambling, etc. Then in the middle of the show, guess whose phone goes off? Yup! Drunk whore's! I think the fact everyone around her stared her down, sobered her up a bit.If you have never seen PTO, this is a good way to get your feet wet.
4	Its an opera. Yes. I went to Las Vegas and saw an opera... lol. But I had to see how Vegas would add its unique twist to the old Phantom story. To be blunt: the show was simply off the hook! The Venetian has created a production that literally comes at you from EVERY direction. The stage is not only in front of you. Its behind you. Above. To your left. To your right. Even though the story can get a little slow at times, the excitement of wondering how the show will surprise you next WILL keep you awake! The acting and singing were top-notch backed by a world class orchestra and band. Even if you have already seen Phantom of the Opera, take my advice and check out the Vegas production at the Venetian....
5	The music of the night. Phantom of the Opera theatre was built just for the play. The theatre is something on it's own. When you walk into the theatre and see the chandelier in pieces it's just amazing. The cast of the show is brilliant. My personal favorite is the chandelier "falling" to the crowd, it seems literally a few feet from your head. I don't think there is a bad seat in the house but it does depend what experience you're looking for. Even the "cheap" seats in the balcony are great.  Also the crew (ushers) were very nice but! Don't take a photo inside!!
4	Let me start by saying I'm not a "Phantom" fan. Went because the tickets were purchased for us. I have to say that having a theater that was built to house the play made a big difference. The additional special effects are just plain cool. I would say that it feels like you are immersed in the story and there wasn't a bad seat in the house. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who is interested or has seen "Phantom" before.
5	whoa.thisshowblewmeawayi haven't seen that many musicals, just a couple at the la pantages and a broadway one. but dang. this was amazing. it was perfection! i don't know how any other can beat this!first of all, the set was incredible,  i've never seen a set more extravagant! all the costumes was great. the special effects were soooo crazy. the singing. the singing was mindblowing! anthony's and kristi's voice are beautiful.the acting was also breathtaking.i got front center mezzaine seats and they were pretty good. i would have to see phantom again,  would love to see it at some other production to compare. but i would love to get golden circle seats if i were to watch this one again!tip: find coupons! i found a coupon so prices weren't too bad. favourites: the singing, the set, the acting, everything!do not want: no intermission...i didn't know...so i had to hold my pee for the longest time. sigh. last words: amazing
4	Gf surprised me with Phantom tickets while we were in Vegas this past week. The props for this play were unbelievable and easy to see where the 40 million dollars went!
5	I must say at first when the girlfriend told me we were going to watch this show, all I was thinking was this would be a great time for me to catch up on some sleep! WOO HOO! But instead I was actually enjoying the show! As a matter of fact, I think I liked it more than she did! The acting was phenomal, the singing vocal notes they were hitting was amazing, and the extras they had standing on the side of the opera house were there standing and some of them were holding out a fan or hand for the duration of the show!(looks tiring to me)This would probably be on my top 5 or maybe even 3 in Las Vegas shows.
2	I consider myself an avid Phantom fan. Phantom of the Opera is by far my favorite musical of all time. I've listened to the musical countless times since high school, I've seen the musical in San Francisco and Manhattan, and I've even brought myself to watch the movie (which was not half bad!). When I learned that Phantom was going to be available in Las Vegas, I jumped at the chance to watch it -- which I did on Saturday. Unfortunately, for myself, I was not blown away by this version of Phantom -- honestly, I was a bit disappointed. For someone who has never experienced Phantom elsewhere, I believe s/he might like it. But for myself, I did not. Here are my Pros and Cons.Pros:1.Theater was beautiful and the technology is top notch. The chandelier is amazing. We sat a few rows from the front under the chandelier. 2. The music was wonderful.3. The company was great. It was nice for everyone to get together and enjoy a show.Cons:1. The scaled down version felt too rushed. Because of the shortened time, I felt that things happened too quickly.2. Songs were shortened and certain aspects of the musical were lost. One of the things I liked about Phantom is that the Phantom is a magician of sorts with his punjab lasso. But that was omitted from the show.3. There was so much more to the story that was lost. The parts where Madame Giry tells Raoul (or he asks about the Phantom) were dramatically cut. Those parts aided in giving the musical more substance, but that was lost in the show. For someone who had seen the musical and felt the emotions when watching those shows, this shortened version did not elicit any emotion whatsoever -- unless you count my dislike.4. The singing was not that great. The actress who played Carlotta had a great voice, but other then that, I was not impressed with the singing OR the dancing. The Phantom's singing I did not like.5. I really disliked the Phantom. The Phantom is supposed to be smooth and debonair...while being menacing. I understand the actor was trying to make the Phantom grittier, but I hated it. At some points, the part seemed over-acted. Overall, the show did not live up to my expectations. I was expecting to be blown away by an experience as wonderful as what I experienced in NY or SF, but for myself, the experience was sub par. I would reccommend that you check out the show for yourself. You might really like it. I was looking for something that was truer to the musical -- and which in my opinion had more substance.
2	Every time we visit Vegas, my fiance and I make sure to see at least one show.  The last time we went, the show was Phantom.  I have to say that I wasn't impressed.The story seemed really rushed with the content cut as it was.  The actors were almost impossible to understand when they were singing.  It wasn't their fault though - it seemed more like the sound system was not balanced quite right.I wouldn't take someone else to see it, and I wouldn't spend money to see it again.
5	Watched Phantom - The Las Vegas Spectacular and it was great.  We sat in the very first row and was able to see all the actors up close.  The actors were all very good, the singing and the theater was beautiful.  I really enjoyed the beginning, when the music starts (overture) and the chandeliers (4 seperate pieces) are getting assembled together, it's just very exciting.  At the end, the crowd gave a standing ovation for the Phantom but I think the actress that played Christine deserved the standing ovation more than the Phantom since she is in most of the scenes and she had to hit some really high notes.  I love this musical and would gladly watch it over and over again =).
5	Saw this show a couple months ago and I was always a fan... I watched from the booth section of the theater and had a great view for a great price. Lots of pyro in the show and great music!!!
3	Total chick show. Took the wife, she loved it. It wasn't too bad. I some what followed the show and didn't zone out too bad. Wives and girlfriends will love it.
3	Never read the book or have seen the movie, but we were trying to make something of our day and decided to watch Phantom. As my friends recalled how great the musical from their childhood, I was racking my mind to remember the story.We got tickets from some discount stand and sat about 2 rows from the back, top. Everything was visible but it was hard to relate with the characters since we were unable to see their facial expressions.Overall, the story was good, but a bit confusing since important scenes were cut out to shorten the performance. There were some great stunts and stage transitions and props. The music was engulfing and powerful.For the ladies in heels, there are elevators in the venue. My feet whimpered a bit when we saw the set of stairs, but we then directed to the elevators in the back. Phew.
3	Having not ever seen another Phantom production -- nor the movie -- I was completely lost throughout the production.  My partner knew the story beforehand, so he could follow what was taking place.  But he did tell me that they did cut out a lot, thus my confusion.  The show is worth it for the spectacle alone...I mean, the chandelier falls from the roof and almost hits the audience -- you can't beat that!  The stage production is stellar...but the acting was so-so.  Anyway, besides being lost on the storyline, it was OK and I enjoyed it.  Its worth seeing.
4	Well, I enjoyed everything about the play specially the sets.  I got decent seats which made the experience a lot more enjoyable.  I think the sound system could have been a little better since I was having a hard time following the story since I could barely hear the performers.  Other than that, it was a great show!
2	The Venetian has done an amazing job on the visuals.  The theater is beautiful, and the sets and visual production are amazing.  Others have talked about the visuals entirely, so I won't rehash it all -- except that the chandelier was amazing.  And the freakishly bright fireworks.  The band I thought was excellent as well.  The singing however . . . unfortunately it left a _lot_ to be desired all around, especially when multiple people were singing together.  (Phantom has a lot of intricate melodies and the cast I saw just wasn't able to pull it off.)  It's possible this was a factor of the horrible sound system in the theater, or some combination of the two, but I'm pretty sure it was the singing . . . which is kind of a key part of Phantom, hence the 2.
5	This was a pretty entertaining show. The singing and acting was really great. I especially liked the fact the theater was built specifically for the show and includes one gigantically huge chandelier. The sets - particularly the one with water - were awesome. The only downside was the chairs got a little uncomfortable and it was FREEZING in the theater. We had free tickets so I'm not sure what they cost, but I can say it's worth it, however much it is. A great, entertaining show to check out if you want an alternative to a Cirque or comedy/variety show.
4	I've seen a few of the original stage productions, read the book too, but no means a fanatic.I think some of the scenes from the book and the original shows shouldnt have been edited short as it might make it hard for non Phantom people to get it all, but overall I like this version. I am not for being impressed with just more and more dazzle and pizzaz but I feel that the lushness of the high budget production added to it. I just imagined so many extravagant details in my mind when I read the book and this was closer to how I pictured the environment to be. Budget has a lot to do with it, and though this is mostly about the music and story- I feel that from the original productions to this new one it painted an overall more beautiful scene against phantoms macabre by simply adding more detail to the environment.  I imagined as a little kid this beautiful and dark world and this one pleases my inner child. I was giddy when the big and beautiful chandelier dropped cuz I knew they were gonna do it lavish and it was from start to finish. Environments and costumes were so lush and pleasing to look at. We had very close seats (3 row) so we were able to catch all the actors expressions and I think it helped build the overall story and experience better by seeing their faces, but I've always been a sucker for the subtle in the theater and everything adds a layer of difference to me. The singing was solid and the acting was alright though I thought Christine's acting felt a bit forced cheesy in "frightened" spots.  I would pay for these tickets and recommend this (gave parents tickets) but again, got them for free (yep yep hookups).
5	Wow, I actually can't believe this show doesn't have a solid 5 star rating. I was blown away by this production and captivated the entire time! I have seen a production of The Phantom of the Opera a long time ago and didn't enjoy it very much, so I wasn't that excited about seeing it again. I am so glad I did, and I am so glad that I saw it here! The theater and the set design are both beautiful, acting is incredible, and the show is pure entertainment. If you are thinking about seeing a production of Phantom, make sure you see it in here. It is one of the prices actually worth paying in Vegas.
5	AMAZING. Spectacular music, special effects, story line. Even my husband who will only watch anything involving shooting and guns on film LOVED this performance (which is far from violent....there is love and music and lighting and romance and a storyline that makes sense!)  and will watch it again.  You won't go wrong here if this is going to be a treat for a special occasion. A must see for every couple. You will be awed and can't help but stand up and applaud as loud as you can at the end.
5	i'm not really much of an opera fan, and I was somewhat hesitant when I bought the tickets for the show.  However, the reviews seemed good and we were already staying at the Venetian, which was convenient.We had great seats and when I sat down, I had to admit that I was pretty excited.  The show started and got right to the point.  I don't really remember the Phantom story too well, so this was a nice refresher.  The parts were very well performed and for the rest of my trip I couldn't help but hum or sing some of the musical pieces.I haven't said this about a Vegas show before, but I could actually see myself coming back to see this again.  Maybe not right away, but definitely in the future.
4	I had the fortunate chance to score some really great tickets through my cousin,  and I mean really great.  The seats were amazing, really close the stage....a bit to the left (when facing the stage), and just 7 rows back from the Orchestra.  I didn't realize how large the actual theatre was until the end of the show where I had the opportunty to look back.  And it's pretty big.The sets were amazing, and perhaps even easier to appreciate considering the closeness of the seats.  They were lively and almost always moving that I guess it also helped make the performance move along nicely.  I particularly found the chandelier piece and the sides of the theatres amazing and definitely adding to the set decor and beauty of the stage.The performance itself was really great, condensed, but great.  I never knew that that the Broadway shows in Vegas were meant to be shorter than their normal run-time.  Someone once said it's because people out here have shorter attention spans.  I think it's just more to prevent people from being out of the casinos for too long.  Afterall, it is Vegas.
5	This performance of Phantom is amazing.  The theatre is itself is a true work of art and the show is visually stunning.  A definite must see
5	Aahhh, I can't believe I haven't written a review for this yet!I forget when I watched Phantom (it was within the last 6-8 months though), but I remember it being amazing.  So amazing, that I definitely want to watch it again and re-experience all the different emotions I felt during the performance.My first experience with Phantom of the Opera was when I watched the film version (the one with Emmy Rossum) back in 2005.  I fell in love with the story line, characters, and music.  When the Venetian announced they had Phantom playing, I was first very excited but then very skeptical since I didn't want to be disappointed.  It took me several years to finally decide to watch it, and my only regret is that I didn't watch it sooner.Incredible performances (both acting and singing) from everyone, gorgeous costumes, extravagantly beautiful stage and sound sets, and plenty of amusing and mind-boggling stage illusions.  I would say this is by far, one of the greatest shows on the strip and a definite must-see!
5	im a tad biased being that i work at the big V....  however, I have seen this performance 10 times now and each time I walk out there with the biggest smile on my face....   Anthony Crivello plays the Phantom and its hard to imagine anyone doing it better... I feel like he may have to have a screw loose in real life to be this authentic......... he is unbelievable!   tony award winner from broadway, no biggie right?   they are all great, including the 2 men who play the opera house new owners....   great performance....theater.... 20 million, chandelier..... 4 million, are you kidding me?  i LOVE this!
5	Beautiful!  An absolutely amazing production!  I may be biased due to my absolute preexisting love with the Phantom of the Opera, but this show was as incredible as one can expect from Vegas.We had seats that were quite high up and the whole experience was still incredible.  They really cater to all seats.  So even if all you can afford are the furthest in the back you'll still enjoy every minute!
4	I've been a fan of Phantom of the Opera since birth (being born into a Weber musical loving family can do that to you). I grew up listening to the cassette soundtrack of Sarah Brightman and Michael Crawford, watching countless PBS concert specials and stood in line for the movie adaptation. Phantom at the Venetian was the first live production I've seen and it did not disappoint. It's a severely condensed version of the musical with 95% less dialogue which may turn some discerning musical-goers off. However, the theatrics are stunning--huge, functional chandelier, fireworks, actors popping in from the aisles, balconies and ceiling! Even my boyfriend who hates this sort of stuff found it entertaining. I highly recommend this to those looking for a sweet and entertaining romp and who are a bit tired of Cirque du Soleil (and the price).
5	Phantom was friggin awesome. Last time I was in Vegas I could only chill at the arcade. Now that I can only do things for the 'grown and sexy' that sht costs some bank roll. So the this time, I had to do things that I always wanted to do. Walk around drunk with a Fat Tuesday, gamble, and catch a show. Well, my gf also wanted to catch a show so that totally took at the 'topless' options. But you know what, I bet those chicks with the crazy headpieces cannot SING like the cast of Phantom. This has to be a Vegas must along with (from what I've heard) Cirque Du Soleil things. Their voices are so awesome it makes you want to fake some tears in your eyes. Yes fake it because your too 'manly' to shed a tear. My gf did Phantom of the Opera in high school so she was beaming. She loved it, didn't like the fact that it wasn't long enough/ was a different version then she expected (?). Whatever. IT WAS AWESOME. We bought tickets by phoning in, so we sat in row D in the middle like 29/30 or something. A couple rows behind that would probably be perfect. Either way the seats were great. Next time, YES next time we see it I want to be right under the chandelier, just so my gf can freak. Don't tell me after you saw this you didn't watch the movie/ download the soundtrack when you got back from Vegas. Yea, I did it. Yes, I said it, too. Now off to bump "Music of the Night."
4	Let me start off this review by telling you that I have seen a decent amount of other shows here in Las Vegas in my two years here. You may look over my previous reviewsSecondly, I am NOT a fan of musicals or operas. That being said, this show was pretty good. I being totally unimpressed with musicals as I previously stated, did NOT enjoy the musical portion of the show whatsoever. I am a very content person and am easily amused with nice visuals.Some of the concepts that occur with the visual effects and illusions of the show are quite impressive and I kept finding myself waiting for the next cool visual, or "Scene" change just to see what they had planned next.I thought the singing, though I dont care for it to be very good. The actors/singers are VERY talented and did an amazing job.If you have any interest in the Phantom of the Opera, then you will really enjoy this show. My wife and I went with a couple friend of our's that had free tickets. My wife and I after seeing the show would have never paid the prices to see the show ourselves. I was glad I saw it, my wife, even with free tickets didnt enjoy it at all.There isnt really a bad seat in the house however, the venue has some distance from the stage to the back of the room...so paying for midrange seats would be beneficial. Not my type of entertainment, but if you like musicals and/or Phantom of the Opera, you will really enjoy this show.Seating and view = 4Atmosphere and setting = 5TIcket pricing = 3Performers = 5Other = 4
5	Having seen Phantom before I was hesitant to go to this.  But the price was right with the wife knowing the Christine alternate!  :)This is incredible.  I didn't understand how this could make you 'feel like your in the opera house' but it surely did!  The cast was incredible but the special effects and stage were the stars!  Great sound, great space and don't forget to watch for the Phantom - you'll never know where he might end up in there! And Raul ran by me!  *giggle*
5	The last time I saw Phantom of the Opera was nearly 20 years ago at the Pantages Theatre in Toronto. I remember loving the show, and listening to the soundtrack endlessly afterward. I didn't know if anything would live up to the experience, but I jumped at the opportunity to see the show again in Vegas. The minute we walked into the theatre I could see that it was going to be a different experience! The set was incredible. Flying chandeliers, a faux opera house facade surrounding us - lots of showy details that were never overdone.The performers playing Phantom, Christine and Raoul were phenomenal. The singing and the acting were very on point. I understood the show at a depth I never got before (partly because I was young, and partly because it makes a big difference when Christine can act well enough to portray the character properly!) There were even a few fun stunts that had me scratching my head until the backstage tour we were lucky enough to go on afterward.The show was also a little shorter than the original and that was fine by me. It flew by and I was never bored.I definitely recommend this experience to anyone who is a fan of Phantom or to someone who is curious about it (as long as said person likes musicals and/or operas... it's not going to magically convert anyone.)
5	I got our tickets from the Phantom Las Vegas online website. The front page advertised coupon codes. Perfect! Coupons for exactly where I want to sit! Score! Which were front Mezz seats for 70 bucks each. Comparatively, I bought the same exact area seats for Wicked at the Pantages Los Angeles for 120 each.For 70 dollars I was scared at first. Although they do have a picture of where your seats should be, it's not totally correct. I was afraid my seats would be totally far on the sides, but to my surprise, they were exactly in the middle. Perfect. Front row mezz seats. The same seats I bought for Pantages. For only 70!!!! OMG what a deal. (I always get front middle mezz seats. My fav)Okay, when I sat down, I thought, okay, for Vegas this isn't THAT great. I thought it would be bigger and i see three cheap chandelier things hanging in front of me. WRONG!!! It was so beautiful. The actors did a great job. The set hands did a great job. Every single second I was in awe, wondering 'how are they doing that?' And I think how they ended it with Meg was so beautiful visually. But warning there are loud and bright effects a couple of places in the show. You should know where. It was nice, but it really hurt my eyes/ears.
5	The automatic ticket system keeps trying to stick you in the seats it thinks are best. If you want to pick your sets, get a copy of the seating arrangement and call to talk to a live ticket agent.If you sit too far forward you miss the chandalier action as it takes place behind you. if you sit front row center you either miss it all or you get a kink in your neck. Sit about 20 rows back from the stage. (Also if you sit front row center you may get your eyebrows singed!)We went on Thursday night. Turns out that is the night the understudies get to be on stage. If you talk to a live ticket agent you can check on this and make sure you see the main actors/actresses.You might also ask if there is an adult only night. Some people bring pretty young kids to this and their explaining what is going on to the kids is a major distraction.They could also use a "dress up" night once a month so you can either wear a tuxedo/ball gown or a period piece to match the play. Las Vegas has really gone down hill on dress codes since the RatPack days. This play would be a good place to raise the standards
2	After all the great reviews, I was expecting a fabulous show!  Overall, I was not that impressed.  The singing was great--especially Christine and the Phantom and the theater, chandelier, and set were all very cool.  But I was left feeling underwhelmed.  I found that it was difficult to hear the actors at times and I thought the show dragged in a few places.  We were seated in the Mezzanine and the view was pretty good.  I wouldn't see this show again.  I would recommend any Cirque du Soleil show over this one.
5	So, we got 2 free tickets to the Phantom with our Venetian package. We were able to choose which day to go and went for Friday night, there were still a fair amount of decent tickets available. I went with the seats the ticket sales lady recommended which were farther back so we could see the chandelier action happen above the main seating area.  In hindsight I would rather of sat further down closer to the stage to see all the costumes and props.  The details of the set and theater itself were amazing and well done.  The show runs about 1.5 hours, not too long but long enough for a well done performance.
4	Blown away by the performance and the Sets. Ok the sets were probably the best out of any musical I've ever seen. The performance was outstanding and right up there with some of the better NYC Broadway shows I've seen.We sat quite far up, so the set looked great, but could not see the expressions on the actors. Get a nice pair of binoculars if you are going to buy tickets from that Tix4Tonight place. Seriously, it's worth paying the prices at the theater and getting decent seats.
5	Wow.  First of all, because it stood out, the staging, sets, and the theater, were all  breathtaking.  (And that includes the indoor pyrotechnics).  The cast performed flawlessly, and the singing and music were really very touching.  The costuming was amazing and very detailed, especially appreciated from the second row.  I've seen this show in London, and Los Angeles, and this was the best staged presentation I've ever seen.  If there is a negative, however, I think that this particular musical is getting a little aged.  If it's all about the story, the story here is a little thin, but there's a lot of layers of pretty covering to distract you.  If you haven't seen it before, though, go see it here.
5	Easy to review this show: life-changing, earth-shattering, seductive, beautiful, funny, tragic -  so much more than I expected. I can't wait to go back.
5	Great show, I am not much of an opera person but this is a classic. The effects of this show are amazing, this is well worth the money.
5	Went 2 years ago, got free tickets from client. Was an amazing experience. Sat right under chandelier, was mesmerizing. Only drawback was I wish it was longer. But other than that the Phantom takes you away from current times and makes you forget about everything else for the moment.
5	Best show in Vegas.  Highest quality.
5	Part of the beauty of Vegas is the ambition to stuff the entire world into less than four square miles of the Nevada desert. Egyptian pyramids, pirate ships, rock stars, the Eiffel tower, and the entire city of New York all vie for your attention and coin. The Phantom represents part of the best of the best. An array of outstanding talent, seemingly flawless execution, spectacular costumes, and a dash of Vegas ambition transform a hundred year old opera into a globally accessible technicolor powerhouse. It's quite simply one hell of a show.
5	Although I'd seen lots of theatre before, this was my husband's first show.  He LOVED it.  We were front/center in the Mezzanine level and the seats were great.  The cast was amazing -- the special effects were awe-inspiring.  We had a great time and will be singing the songs for days to come.
5	It was my absolute fave!  Definitely the highlight of my Vegas trip.  I booked my tickets on Vegas.com which had an upgrade special... my sister & I sat in the middle of the 4th row of the "Golden Circle"!  I can't wait to watch it again!!
5	Incredible. The stage, theatre, set, music... Do not miss this show.
4	This is by far one of my favorite Phantom of the Opera shows.  It comes in at a close second to my experience in Tampa FL.  And, it is way better than the production team in London, England (by the way, that production in London was god awful).The auditorium is roomy and cool in Vegas.  Thank God for spaciousness.  The actors and the singers make this show move.  I can listen to the music forever.  it was that good.  Also, compared to other Phantoms, this seemed to have more special effects.   My only disappointment was that instead of the Chandalier swinging down toward and onto the stage, it dropped directly down and stopped over the audience.  Not all the audience (esp people in front) did not see the chandalier... It was not as dramatic.  Nonetheless, great show in Las Vegas...If I can convince my wife, I would love to go again...
4	I am probably Phantom's biggest fan. As a child, I listened to the Phantom CD (Sarah Brightman, etc) over and over again the car. I could probably sing the whole opera for you, although not very well. I consider the CD to be the gold standard as it had all the famous singers. Phantom in Vegas is pretty good, although not as good as the CD or the NYC production. I was VERY impressed with Christine and Raoul. The phantom, eh, not so much. Carlotta sounded like she hadn't warmed up at all before the show. Overall though, I would definitely recommend this show. The staging and theater were beautiful, the orchestra was spot on, and my seats were oh-so-close!
5	This show absolutely MADE my trip to Vegas worth while! My Bf took me to Vegas for a fun summer getaway. We both LOVE to get a great deal on food and fun so we shopped around and found some good discounted tickets for the show on-line. We sat in the front row of the highest balcony so we had a fun view of the whole stage and the chandelier. The performance was spectacular. My Bf is a Phantom fanatic and was able to tell me all the little differences between this show and the original. He especially liked the special effects that were added. I won't spoil it to much with details, but it was awesome. Besides the fact that we got lost in the Venetian for a while trying to find the theater, it was perfect!
5	A great show with some surprises.  Great music, acting and staging.  Cool costumes.   This was one of the most popular shows to his Los Angeles and you can see it in Vegas.
2	I didn't give it two stars for the show. The show is great. Beautiful singing, jaw dropping set, beautiful lighting.However, do NOT sit in the balcony. From where we were sitting it might as well have been ants on a stage. It really took me out of the show and I kept thinking of how much money I spent for such a crappy view.To give you an idea of how bad sitting in the balcony is: I couldn't even tell there was something wrong with the Phantom's face.
2	It's the Phantom, if you've seen it, you've seen it. The theatre here is phenomenal, however the smoke from the casino was very much a part of the ambience. It didn't seem to affect the singers, so maybe I am being a big crybaby about it. The Phantom wasn't a great singer, and in contrast to the excellent vocal performances by Christine and Raoul he really stood out as mediocre. The chandelier was over the top Vegas style, but the big drop was weak, very weak. I say replace the mediocre Phantom, throw in a bigger sound or light effect for the chandelier drop and you'll have the best Phantom ever, but right now it's just "meh" with some shrugging shoulders.
5	Hubs took me here for my birthday and OMG I was one happy camper!  Have been to various shows out in Vegas, but this was my first foray into and "opera" type of venue.  The theater is unlike any other in Vegas (make sure if you go to get Golden Circle seats!!!) the set is amazing, the performers are top notch, and the music is wonderful.  Search for ticket bargains online for better pricing....but do go!Don't get toooooo close to the stage for a couple of reasons.  One: you will miss so much of the production.  Two: When the pyrotechnics go off you may have a bit of a cough afterwards.  And hopefully you won't be sitting anywhere near crass, drunk, dumb asses like the couple behind us.  What a dickweed!
5	First of all, Phantom of the Opera is my all-time favorite musical, so even if this show was in sign language, I would still love it and sing along to every word (yeah, I was that girl).I loved every moment of the whole experience. It's a great idea to have it in Vegas, because they really made it into a show. The elevators have POTO music play in them as you head to the performance. The Venetian has a custom-built theater and foyer with a stunning mosaic tile Phantom's mask (see photo). I'm pretty sure that is the type of flooring (exactly that mask) that I want in my house someday! The performance was beautiful, breath-taking, and made me smile from ear to ear the whole time. The performers and set design were top-notch.Our mid-level tickets were $85, which is a lot, but was a really memorable and great experience. I recommend seeing this show to anyone as obsessed with POTO as I am! You'll be so happy you went!
5	While I've seen a fair share of musicals here in Vegas, and in other cities, "Phantom of the Opera" has always been known as the "Gold Standard" of theater.  You know this show, whether you realize it or not.  It's so indelibly burned into the mainstream's subconscious, that claiming to know nothing about it would only prove yourself wrong.I hadn't seen the show until last night.  I figured that I'd get around to it one of these days, but it seemed that the time was now.It's beautiful.I was fortunate enough to get seats that were close enough to see the actor's faces and the Phantom's disfigurements, but not so close to be in a bad spot to miss the production's "big" special effect sequence.  Trust me, directly front and center would not be the best place to be.There's also that whole shortening of shows that Vegas has a tendency to do.  I suppose the creators believe that the collective Vegas audience has the combined attention span of a hummingbird (and they may be right, for all I know), so they do shorten a song here and there, and the "big" effect is rearranged elsewhere in the production.  Yet, this new interpretation puts a completely different spin on the Phantom's derangements, making the effect more wide-eyed and shocking.  Did he really just...?The music is timeless, the acting is fantastic, the costuming is exquisitely detailed, and the sets are....  They do some amazing things with this set.  From in front of to behind the curtain in the blink of an eye, the feeling of depth as you sink from the Opera House to the Phantom's subterranean lair....  The theater itself seems like a living being, flowing and ebbing with the events that transpire.The story is dark and macabre and beautiful and romantic all at once.  I'm glad to have had partial "ignorance" (but again, you don't really) in knowing the events of this show so that I could enjoy it as much as I did.The Strip doesn't seem as musical-centric as it did for a while there, but they've left one of the best available.  Well, WELL worth the viewing.
5	This show did not disappoint! Everything was perfect and beyond our expectations! Even my husband enjoyed it!!
5	WIfe's birthday and way back she mentioned that she wanted to see Phantom sometime as it was in Atlanta at a point and she didn't get to see it. We were in Vegas for her birthday so I surprised her with tickets. They were great seats row AA seats 34 and 35 so there was no one sitting in front of us. We went to the 9:30 PM on Saturday. The theater was very cool and she was loving it. I'm not a fan of this type of performance but it was for my wife's birthday so I rolled with it. I have to note, we were still on East coast time and had just eaten dinner so time started catching up with me and I was drowsy as hell! The wife had full attention and was really getting into the show. I was fighting off sleep, not due to the content of the show but timining, I would have been in better shape at the 7:30 PM show. I kept waking up and the actors were signing, fall asleep, wake up, still signing. There was a scene where there was lightning and flashes. This was very rude as it woke me up yet again!In all seriousness I'm giving this 5 stars because my wife said it was awesome. I can't fairly rate it because I couldn't really appreciate this style of theater. I think this is because in the world I grew up in people rarely sang in their day to day existence. Sure, there were those moments in the shower but otherwise no one ever sang about their job or how school was that day.It's a classy show, theater was cool, and made the trip a standout affair.
4	Went for our wedding anniversary.  Sets, costumes, performances and stage were all incredible.  The story..not so much for me.  I wasn't too familiar with it at all and was kinda lost...maybe too much champagne beforehand and chuckling with the wife.  It didn't matter though since the visual aspect of the show was super impressive.  I kept feeling like Ozzy Osbourne's "Mr Crowley" would fit so well into this show.  The whole ominous organ part. Used the 2 for 1 locals offer and sat in the aisle of the side orchestra which were pretty good seats although stage right aisle would've been better since a couple of characters went down into that area.
4	I saw this show in 10/2010.Great show. I have seen this two other times with the original phantom and with Robert Guillaume (yes, years ago but I started young). I really enjoyed the theater decorations. The seating is perfect no matter where you sit which is nice. I hate to see theaters that try and sell tickets for terrible seats. I read one of the other reviews about how the music seemed too "Rockish" and dated now. I never thought about it that way but I now wonder what is would sound like if they tweaked the music a little for today's audience - not the words just the melody. The musical is WONDERFUL don't get me wrong.
5	I've seen Phantom on broadway and off broadway. It is one of my favorite musicals of all time ! Although the Vegas version is shorter than the original version - honestly my ADD self preferred this ! The theater is beautiful and all of the costumes, effects, and talent were incredible. I would see the Vegas version over the broadway version any day !
5	Originally saw on Broadway with Michael Crawford, and loved this production! I've seen this show all over the country, but this is one of my favorites. Theater is nice - not too large or small. I got my ticket at the reduced ticket sales at Fashion Show Mall day of the show.
5	Honestly, one of the best shows in Las Vegas, and definitely a great musical play to watch. I'm not a fan of opera or musicals, but we went to take my sister for her birthday and we all loved the show. I had seen this musical in the OC a couple of years back, but in no way did it compare to this one.Oh and small note, you will love it and appreciate it more if you've actually seen the movie. If you have, you will love it because they did such a great job with the sets and scenes. It honestly felt like the movie was being played live right in front of me. The theater was so beautiful. It really looked like an opera house and it was ornately decorated. Loved the actors and actresses and the chandelier that sits above the stage is exquisite. I won't spoil any of the show but have to say that the entire opera was great. So if you didn't like the movie, then you probably won't like this show, but if you like musicals or plays you will definitely love it. I'm not even a fan and I loved it. If the tickets weren't so expensive I would see it each time i went to vegas.
5	I purchased our tickets through TravelZoo, they had a special for all of the seats in the house, we had 3rd row seat 22,23. The seats were great! The show was fantastic! We've seen it twice in NY , twice in Honolulu while it was on tour and now in Las Vegas, obviously its not better than NY because it is an abbreviated version, but the characters, Christine was fantastic, Raoul was great and the Phantom was also very enjoyable. The venue was very nice and you'll see that it is very entertaining. I know people say that by sitting too close to the stage you'll miss some of the special effects, but i really prefer to be up close to see the actors faces and expressions, their is know way you'll go wrong by sitting up close. After the show i looked back to see the balcony and boy did it look really far back, i don't think I'd like to be that far back. However, where ever you sit you'll really enjoy the music the songs the live orchestra and this Great show... The Phantom. Go and ENJOY!
5	Second row, center. If I was any closer, I might have been sitting in the gondola.Everything about this show is phenomenal. I've seen the travelling production when it hit Vancouver as a child and this Las Vegas Spectacular version is every bit as magical and sensational.Andrew Lloyd Webber and Las Vegas go so well together. Bring more Broadway to Vegas!
4	I can't say this is the best show in Vegas -- I'd still rate three of the Cirque shows and the Lion King above it -- but it is very entertaining. Going in, I knew a little bit about the story and have heard some of the music before so I knew what I was getting into. My wife got tickets for the left side of the theater about 5 rows back. The view was obviously great, which made it that much easier to appreciate the beautiful set design and theater.The actors had amazing voices and did justice to Andrew Lloyd Webber's music. But, I have to agree with another reviewer who said the music is dated. There's no mistake that the music is from the 80's.I've never seen the original version of this show, so I have no idea how this stripped down version compares to the more lengthy one. But, at about 90 minutes I think this Vegas show is long enough. There's no intermission so if you've been drinking before the show you better be able to hold it.If you like musicals this show is definitely worth seeing. But, like I said earlier, there are a few shows that I think are better.
5	AMAZING!!!! We got a deal through Vegas.com for dinner & a show so hit this show up.... BEAUTIFULLY DONE!The cast was amazing, the orchestra was unbelievable, the stage was beautifully done!Recommend this show to ANYONE!
5	BRAVO!!!! Applause, applause.  Love the music, well done by the cast.  The whole show is a MUST see!!!  The set and production was absolutely amazing.
4	An amazing show indeed. Getting a chance to see the Phantom at Venetian, is a great experience. I always seen it on TV, but never saw it live till I had the chance to see it. It's jammed pack with action, singing, and great effects. As for the theater room itself, it was absolutely beautiful. We were able to score some seating in the "Golden Circle". Of course, I had no clue, why they called it Golden Circle, but sure enough, by the end of the show, we knew why. But no matter where you sit, you are certain to have a good view of the show. The cast takes full advantage of the theater, to make sure you feel part of the show. A well recommended show to watch, when you visit Vegas. Pricing may be pricey, but well worth it, no matter where your seated.
1	My husband & I saw Phantom of the Opera at the Venetian on Dec 9, 2010.  We had great expectations & were very disappointed at the acoustics in the theatre. We could understand less than 10% of the soprano's words & maybe 30% of the baritones & tenors. The orchestra was either "blaring" or too quiet.  The set is spectacular & of course the musical theme is wonderful - but the inability to hear the lyrics was just unacceptable for a show like this.  We sat in the front of the orchestra section so the problem was not with our seats.
5	I have seen Phantom, the Las Vegas Spectacular 4 times.  Before the production here, I saw Phantom in both Toronto and New York.  This is by far the best production.The theatre is exquisite with every detail of its design well conceived and executed!  The "Eternal Audience" is a brilliant device to gather you into the opera house mystique. The costumes are wonderful and have been kept in great shape during the run.The cast, though it changes from time to time, is really good.  The Phantoms have all been very credible tenors, and the current Christines do a fantastic job.  Add in the pyrotechnics and you have a recipe for a spectacular night of theatre.  My only complaint about the show was the speed up of the orchestra.  When I see the show, I wanted to applaud more, but the conductor moves the orchestra along and cuts off some of the applause so as to stay in their time constraints.As for seating recommendations, I always sit in the Gold Circle.  While the chandelier scenes are above and behind me, I can turn around for that period of time.  The action I care for most is on the stage.  That's why I got a front row seat the last time I saw the show.  I also attended Phantom Phans Week in 2009 and had the chance to get behind the scenes information and see the chandelier put together slowly, without music and with the lights in the theatre fully lit.  Then they returned the chandelier to the stage and redid the opening chandelier scene in the dark and with the music.  Sublime!
5	Easily my FAVORITE show on the strip or EVER for that matter!!!  =)This is a musical that I grew up singing and as I got older and began reading and playing music in school, it was something that I couldn't tire of!~The costume work is AMAZING and the set design is equally fantastic!~The cast is as talented as they come....true performers!~The theater was built just for this show and it definitely adds to the ambiance!  In regards to seats, I suggest that you get within the first 12 or so rows for the maximum experience!  It'll be worth the money spent!~CLASSIC music that you might even catch yourself humming once you leave the theater!I HIGHLY RECOMMEND this show to anyone who truly loves the theater!  Truth is, if you're a REAL theater junkie like myself, you've already seen this.......right?!?!?Any good man looking to impress the "new" girl, the wife, the GF, the granny, the mother or sister, this is definitely the way to go!I could easily see this show 100 times and NEVER bore of it!
4	I'm not much of a show person.  Whenever we go to Vegas (which is fairly often, truth be told), people ask, "are you going to a show?"  With all the debauchery in Vegas, who has time for a show???  Well, when the hotel hooks up free tickets, with great seats, who can say no?The theatre is small enough to feel intimate, but still large enough for a good production.  It is a beautiful space and the production value of the show was great.  The music and singing were great as well.  Jim G., who had seen a production of this show when he was younger, said that some stuff was cut out, but everything was still fluid.  My only complaint, and it is minor, is that in the common vision of the Phantom, he is often portrayed as this Byronic hero for whom we should ahve sympathy.  In the production, he's mostly just a creeper.  Perhaps whatever was cut out diminished his characterization.Oh, I guess a second complaint. The photographers take pictures as you enter the theatre, obviously to sell them later.  We checked them out and they were nicely done.  However, they were like 40 bucks for two pictures. Come on!!! That's crazy, even for Vegas!All in all, good show!
4	A very romantic show. I loved the stage and its big red curtains, the gigantic chandeliers above the audience's head, the big beautiful bustled gowns the women wore in the late 1800s, the loud dramatic accordion and sound effects that played throughout the play, the beautifully decorated private boxes along the walls with moving mannequins (decked out in costumes)...Although I was not familiar with Phantom of the Opera's plot , I still enjoyed the show and thought it was a great experience. There were times were I didn't understand what the singers were saying (cause it was in opera) and was just confused about what was going on. This had nothing to do with the play, It was just me. Now that I know the play's background, I would definitely watch the play again in the near future to fully appreciate the play's plot and its production at Las Vegas.
5	Dinner and a show combo. Probably worth it!Definitely worth it. Phantom was an absolutely amazing show, and I'd even go see it again, probably not before I checked out some of the others, but definetly again.The dinner combo was an amazing deal. My wife found it pretty easily online, and it saves about $30 a head on dinner, so check it out.
4	I don't really care for the food at the Venetian, but Phantom is worth the trip to watch. Like others, I may not follow the story cause it is hard to decipher the words from singing them.Over all I love the stage design ... that makes me want to go into that as a major ... hmm ... or maybe even costume design. The opening of the show with the chandelier parts coming together in the center of the theater was amazing. The art direction took the whole theater space from the sides decorated private boxes to actors using the sides of the theater and around the orchestras. There are so much for your eyes to devour. Overall fantastic!This is my fave show over the O show =)
4	I have seen Phantom a couple of times before.  This was a great show.  The theatre is built just for this show.  There are much more exciting and spectacular shows in Vegas - but I would highly recommend to anyone who hasn't seen it before.  Compared to the Lion King we saw the night before - I would recommend this show over that in a minute.  My one bit of advice - sit as close as possible to see the detail of the characters and custumes.  We set in the first row of the balcony, which was fine, but hard to see the detail.
5	Definitely worth the watch. We found that they had the understudy performing parts and she often sounded better. Though mostly just a personal preference for voices.
5	A MUST-SEE for all Phantom/musical fans. Definitely worth the $85 we paid for Front Mezz seats (There was a discount code to $69, then +fees)My group of 3 was a little late to the 9:30pm showing on a Saturday night, but the ticket pick-up line went fast. As we scurried up the stairs to our seats, the girl holding playbills was all:Girl: I have 3 seats in the 2nd row of the theatre. Do you want them?Us: uhhh.... are they better?Girl: Once you get to the seats, you'll realize how far back (and crappy) your original seats were. Us: YAYYYYand so we got bumped up to SECOND ROW seats in the ORCHESTRA section! Absolutely thrilling. It wasn't a full house which is probably why we were able to get the seats. The musical itself - a great condensed version of the 2+ hr original. It ran about 90 mins but started a little late. The props, set, and costumes were AMAZING in their detail and the whole thing was a huge visual orgasm. From the opening overture my MIND WAS BLOWN. So cool. I won't give too many details as to not spoil it. The singing is great too. Props to the Christine actress who was able to hit the high high note in the main theme. Some things I didn't like as much:+ Changing the lyrics of some of the songs (I guess they tried to shorten it)+ Past the Point of No Return was not as dramatic and climatic as I thought it'd be+ The hangings were not very frightening and a little comical.+ As was the last scene when Christine kisses the Phantom, not very romantic but more comical. GO SEE THIS!!!
5	I have seen Phantom in London, New York and Los Angeles and this production is by far the best!  The chandelier alone is worth the price of admission!  I recommend sitting in the Golden Circle, Rows M through P and be prepared to look up when the Phantom drops the Chandelier!
5	My second time around - a really great show and a superb production. I can see myself watching this show a few more times and get the same enjoyment each time. Much better than the Broadway production. The set looks even better than movie itself.
5	simply the best show in Las Vegas!Music and story was great. Highly recommended.
4	It was much better than I expected it to be.I'm a huge fan of Phantom of the Opera and know the whole opera/musical by heart - and was reluctant to see such show for the first time in any place other than NY or LondonI originally wanted to go see the O show by Cirque du Soleil but the are quite pricey and as I'd went to a Cirque du Soleil show last time I was in Vegas,  decided to settle for Phantom since I've conquered a lot of the 'major' broadway shows except for Phantom and have been waiting for an opportunity to see it (although my preference would have been in NY)Theater @ Venetian is somewhat small but well decorated/doneThe chandelier thing was very cool (You'll know what I'm talking about if you've seen it) and although I was expecting 2nd grade performance before I walked in, it was above expectations(again, I haven't seen this on Broadway so I can't make any comparisons)Phantom was good - Christine was OK, and Raoul was hmmm...they all sang well and the orchestra was good (surprised to see just one cello and two violins - but 3 horns - I guess that's the minimum required for Lloyd Weber's orchestration) but I just didn't see any chemistry between the 3 leadsI saw the dry ice and how it was all falling down onto the pit... felt sorry for the orchestra - they should put fans there or something.. (been there myself, fellas)other than that, costume and the set- very well doneFor the price I paid, I felt that it was very good deal and if you don't feel like shelling out 100+ bucks minimum for Cirque du Soleil, I'd recommend this as an excellent alternativeI took off one star for the relatively small (compared to Broadway... and other 'bigger' shows in Vegas) theatre and the lack of spark between the main 3, as well as outrageous clipping/editing/cutting of the show in random places, but the set and the overall production was very good. The directors brought out the best they could from limited resources that they had to work with (small orchestra & theater & probably limited budget as well?)
5	Best show I have seen in Las Vegas!  Phantom theater in the Venetian is amazing.  Great music, costumes and casting.  Better yet, we got upgraded to seats closer to the stage!!  A must see if you are looking for a show in Vegas.
5	Great show!!!All my life, I've been wanting to watch Phantom of the Opera... just never got the chance to go. Jon on the other hand, watched this with his Dad when he was a kid. As a kid, he didn't appreciate it as much when his Dad would take him to plays and opera... BUT now, he's excited to share the same with our kids.Planned to go to Vegas just to watch this show... we don't really gamble. He secretly got the seats right in the very middle... where a big surprise awaits me (NO, I won't spoil it for others...). And it did! (surprise me, that is) It was awesome! =DI didn't watch the movie because I really want to see the broadway show first... which I am sooo very glad that I did. The show was way better... a standing ovation performance!It's a must see when you're in Vegas! Although, we'd still go and watch it in NY and London when we get the chance.FYI - there's no intermission... this is good to know so you won't drink too much before the show.The stage and effects are fantastic!Note: Not sure if they sell the cd... we should've bought it there... we had to look for it (youtube) so we could sing along and play the songs all the way home...
2	Maybe its because I saw the original musical or because I have seen so many amazing shows in LV......but I have to say that this was one of  my least favorite shows in LV....ever...it is only a tad worse than Zumanity which I would not see again even if you gave me free tickets.The theater is beautiful and the special effects were wonderful.....but the musical (music/story) was simply boring........I could not wait to leave.
5	I haven't seen too many Broadway musicals but between Cats, Les Miserables and Phantom of the Opera, this wins hands down!The sets are absolutely amazing and I couldn't believe how quickly they transform the stage with such precision and detail! The Phantom Theater in Vegas must have been built for this resident show because the balcony seats and the chandelier are all part of the production! The cast did a fabulous job too!
5	How can anyone give this a two-star ??? It was amazing from start to finish.  I'm normally not really into "plays" and I've only been to a few actual productions. HOWEVER, this thing was the heavy metal rock show of all plays..  The special effects were insane and the story was easy to get consumed by. If you can get my attention the whole time (without the threat of my girlfriend), you did something right!
4	don't see many live shows to compare this to. but as an average guy watching it  i found it rather entertaining. orchestra, vocals, costumes and the specially built theater collectively made this a nice night. at about 1 1/2 hours it is just about right.
5	Best performance of Phantom I have ever seen.This theatre was truly built to be all Phantom dreamed of being.I've been lucky enough to see Phantom is many parts of the world and this theater and performance were the best i've ever witnessed.The Phantom is the right mix of endearing and unnerving. Everyone was marvelous and the stage shines as much as the opera itself.
5	One of the best shows ever, by far. Seen it about 3 times, LOVED it every time. Doesn't hurt that he's singing about me... Kristine! Although spelled differently. Definitely a great show to see, make sure to bring a jacket and be sure that you will make it in heels because depending or not you use the elevator, you might not make it past the stairs. Don't be a fool. Bring flats if you must and be sure to snatch a playbill!
4	Spectacular ambiance. Great effects, the story line was sad, dark, and romantic. I love the live orchestra. Over all a great experience. The prices for the tickets were a bit steep. I would definitely look for a bargain next time around. BTW you would only enjoy this if you appreciate opera or classical music. Just be open minded.
4	This was absolutely gorgeous and well done.  All ages were there all the way down to 5 year old.  The effects were beautiful.  The orchestra was brilliant and the voices were perfect. Side note, if you by a drink there be careful.  They are very liberal with the alcohol they add in.  I am such a tiny gal there is no way I was finishing that, but hey I was in a happy mood.
1	This caused just as much as the actual Broadway show, but is a horrible abridged version.I think they made the show 90 minutes so that the drunks who are sobering up will be out of the show before they realize how bad it is. To start of with some great things: The theater is gorgeous, and the seats are very comfortable. However, once the music starts.. then it's all down fall. The performers voices are so soft that their singing was barely audible. The acoustic is absolutely horrible. If they are going to spend so much money decorating and making the theater amazing, they should have taken the time to at least make the acoustic decent. The plot was not only boring, but also choppy and rushed. All the shocking emotions and adrenaline came from the special effects (and they also helped me stay awake). I was so glad to get out and start feeding on my cocktails to help me forget how I decided to spend all that money watching Phanton Wanna-Be instead of gambling and partying.I think staying at home watching the phantom movie with a surround sound system might be 1000x better than going to this show.
5	Loved it. Great music. Great setting. Great Cast. Great seats. What more?
5	I've seen this show twice and would see it again when I go to Vegas next time!  Where else can you see a show where they built a theater just for this show?  I love looking around all the details of the theater.  This edited version really help move the show along and not let me loose interest.  I saw the movie version and went to sleep after 1 hour :(.
5	I didn't know if I would like it initially, but I was always intrigued by all the hype surrounding the show.  After a surprise from my girlfriend (Thanks so much Jadira!), I can definitely say that I am a fan!Pros:*  Beautiful Wardrobe and Theater setup*  there are no bad seats in the houseCons:* seats felt a little sardine-like, but it was okay.Tips:*  arrive early.. otherwise you'll have to stand in back for awhile prior to being escorted to your seat. * they usually offer local deals on this show, so the next time it comes up... make sure to jump on it!Final Verdict:  It's one of those things that you just have to see for your self.  This is a pretty good rendition of a classic that allows you to escape reality and explore a realm of creativity.  The costumes and performance (along with the theater) are stellar!  I'm very tempted to get into details about the show and what I loved about it , but it's something that's better left to the physical experience.  I wouldn't same that I am a big fan of musicals, but this has to be on my list of top shows in Vegas.  As a side note... I am the type of person that gets angry and fussy when I am hungry.  Prior to getting into the show, I was feeling just that (since I had just gotten out of work and I was ready to eat dinner), but after the show began, those feelings somehow subsided (not an easy task).   Go see the show.. Trust me !
4	I had to think hard whether to give this version of Phantom three or four stars, but after realizing the value we received with our upgrade to the Golden Circle section in the second row it definitely added positively to our overall experience.The theater is magnificent. You have to give the Venetian it's propers since they built this theater just for Phantom alone. The Orchestra section is just as good, if not better  value to see this show since there are some scenes that require you to see above and around you. (Golden Circle is so close to the stage you have to turn your head around a few times during the show to catch some of the action).One of my biggest gripes about this production of Phantom is that they seem to skip a handful of scenes. Not sure if the cast or the orchestra is limited in it's numbers or talent, but it was a disappointment from the first time I saw Phantom in Los Angeles at the Pantages Theater about four years ago.That said, I'm not going to completely rip on this show because the actors and musicians do have tremendous talent as it is. However, it might behoove fans of these types of shows to check out musical productions in bigger markets such as New York or London.I've heard Vegas locals can get tickets 2 for the price of 1. We should have asked around since we have family and friends who live out there. If you don't have that option, I highly suggest saving money and choose Orchestra seating instead of Golden Circle. It's still a quality show, but I would definitely not recommend paying full retail, especially if you've seen quality performances in the past, not just Phantom. It makes you appreciate the unrivaled talent of Sarah Brightman that much more.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE!!!  It's in my soul, it's on my mind, it's on my Pandora!  I saw it in the 90's and my memory is foggy.  So, I had to see it again.  I loved it when the chandelier and the curtains on the side were lifted.  The production was just stellar!  There were pyrotechnics, fog machine, stage floors that open up, and the phantom that comes out of no where!  Can't say too much...you just got to fork over the money and watch it.  The music will stay with you for life!
5	I am speechless. This show was AMAZING. Worth every penny..!!There are just no words!! Everything was perfect down to the last thread on the costumes..I sat in the 4th row and right when the infamous overture played...I got goosebumps and chills all over...it was like stepping into another time, another world. The actors were absolutely perfect as well. It was easy to crush on the handsome Raoul, fall in love with the sweet Christine and of course be attracted to the uniquely beautiful Phantom. He was no Gerard Butler but still hauntingly handsome :]The theater was soosooosooooosooo incredible!! The chandelier was wicked & the fake patrons in the box seats was a great addition. They make it feel like you are really in a Paris opera house in the 19th century. I have nothing but good things to say about this show...It was magical, sweet, sad, and just drop dead amazing & simply magnificent...!!I most definitely will go see it again...hopefully soon :]
5	OMG....I love POTO and have seen the movie over 40 times, heard the soundtrack over 100 times.  Love it!First time I've seen on stage and I wouldn't go anywhere else to see it.  The entire theater was designed for this show so obviously this is the best place in the world to see it!Downside is that cheaper tickets really suck.  YOu don't get a good view.  Lot of other venues that sell cheap tickets work out since the seats aren't that bad.  Here, you gotta fork out the cash and get the closer tix.
4	The show was good, and the theater and effects were amazing. They did a great job with this show.As others have noted, be warned... it is the abridged version of the show. You get all of the musical numbers, but they edit out some of the storytelling. One of the people I went with didn't know the story, and he said after he was lost at times with what was going on with the characters.So if you already know Phantom and want to see the show and the music performed live in spectacular fashion, go see it. If you are a purist who wants to see it in its entirety, you may be disappointed.
2	We where looking for tickets to a show maybe a little to late on a Saturday, and all that was available was The Phantom. That was ok though, gf loves this show and I have never seen it in person. So the box office had some nice tickets and a military discount available. The show started with the great unfurling of the chandelier and the iconic score. And here was my first problem with the play. They 'modernized' only the phantom song, and by 'modernized' I actually mean they Mannheim Steamroller'ed it. I hate Mannheim Steamroller, its everything cliched and massed produced about Christmas. Dont know who they are? Remember that Youtube vid with the house and flashing lights set to music? Now you remember Mannheim. No other piece of music was changed, just the most memorable one. The side curtains drop away around the audience to reveal staged opera boxes with mannequins inside. Box number 5 remains empty for The Phantom, and one other for characters. However I found myself constantly checking the boxes, falsely thinking they would take the opportunity to insert the Phantom in one as his eyes are everywhere in the Opera House. But no, it turned out that I was playing a version Wheres Waldo in which Waldo slept in and never showed up.To be fair with this review I didnt realize this was a abridged version of the story until I was reminded the performance was only 95 minutes.  That being said its painfully obvious and huge sections of the story are eviscerated from the play. The end result is that instead of feeling empathy for the tortured and lonely phantom, you really think he is just a crazy SOB. Raoul comes across as a earnest, and caring instead of pompous. The Masquerade scene was also disappointing only because of the small size of the crew. You expect that seen to be huge, extravagant and filled with faces. Instead there is only about a dozen people, and the rest are dressed mannequins which are shuffled about the stage.In the end, get your tickets earlier for something else.
5	Must see!! arrive early if you can and if its NOT sold out, you maybe able to get a free upgrade in your seating.
4	Nice theater with amazing effects and a great show. Our free upgrade to the third row of the center section made the show even more enjoyable. I highly recommend this show!
5	Phantom is phenomenal. It starts the moment you walk into the theatre. The entire theatre is built for this  particular musical so you feel like you are in the Phantom's opera house. The actors are wonderful, they are all so talented in vocals and acting. Seriously be prepared to be amazed. The music is so powerful. I can't even put into words how worthwhile this show is.
5	Holy shiznit I love this show! This is the best show I've seen at the strip so far! I'd give it another star if I could!I found myself once again at the Venetian/Palazzo a week after I saw the Blue Man Group..yay me. Only this time, it was bigger and better than the previous week. I was just here last night 5/27 with the folks. I told my parents about the show three weeks ago and were pretty stoked about it. But then last night came, and their eyes started gleaming! My dad and I knew very little about Phantom of the Opera before coming here so we didn't know what to expect. I heard a lot about the 6 million dollar chandelier and it's 'big' involvement in the show but that was about it. I was worried that we would both leave there feeling confused but that wasn't the case. Even though it was hard to understand what the actors were singing about(because it's meant to be like an opera) its real easy to follow the story based on what was going on on stage. Overall the whole performance was amazing. We all fully enjoyed ourselves. Although I would say this: if you are planning on going w/ your significant other please save the PDA after the show, for it's very distracting and it blocks the view of the people sitting behind you. I'm mentioning this bc it happened to us. I'm not quite sure if Phantom tickled their pickle but it sure was the case here last night. And also ask if they have any promotions going on before buying your tix. They had a locals deal going on last night(2 for 1) and all I had to do was show my nv Id!
4	I've wanted to see Phantom of the Opera for some time as well as see a show in Vegas so I knocked both those things off my list. It was good but not mind blowing. It's a personal problem of mine but I don't follow story lines that are being sung very well, so when I found out 45min of dialog were taken out of this production I was saddened. The theater looked small enough that there wasn't a bad seat in the house but I was in Row D so I don't speak from experience. The pyrotechnics were a nice touch. The scene where the two co-owners are about to go into the masquerade and a huge prop is used for about 30 seconds, I found that a little amusing. I enjoyed the show but reading some of the reviews it may be worth it for me to see the full version either on stage or video.***Edit***I watched the 2004 production of Phantom of the Opera on DVD a week after seeing this performance.  The extra dialog really did help tie the story together. With that said I would add that this show is still really good but if you haven't seen Phantom of the Opera before, you may want to not have this be your first impression.
3	Okay, so I really like Phantom of the Opera and I was super excited to see this show... but they really cut it down quite a bit to make the show fit into a specific time frame.  That's fine and all, and I understand why they did it, but I guess I just don't agree with it.  The performers, though, were outstanding.  They are all seasoned professionals and they show that in every scene.  They definitely deserved their standing ovation at the end.The venue... also outstanding!  They actually have a chandelier fall from the ceiling and stop just before it hits the audience.  Amazing effect!  I only wish I hadn't been in the second row... to really experience this you need to be at about row 15.  Another tip, their are photographers who take your photo beforehand... You should dress up and prepare for this -- you may want to buy the shot after the show.All things considered, I would recommend this show to Phantom virgins, fans and all of those in between.  It's a pretty amazing cast in an awesome venue -- what more can I say?
5	I have seen The Phantom of the Opera musical a handful of times and I was pleased to see that Phantom the Vegas show stayed pretty true to the original.Aside from merging a scene or two together and omitting a line here and there, the music and dialogue was pretty similar.  The visual effects were even better than the original.  More fireworks, trapdoors, and surprises...I loved it!The venue in the Venetian isn't too big and our seats on the right side orchestra were a great deal.  I could see everything!
5	Top notch in every way: vocal talent, the orchestra, the sets, the costuming, the theater structure, even the staff who worked there assisting guests.  I cried, I laughed, I pitied.  I have seen the show twice before but this was the best.  Hard to improve on perfection, but there were nuances that took this production to the top.
5	awesome a must to cross off the  early bucket list
5	My wife and I have been together for 25 years, and this trip to las Vegas, specifically to see PHANTOM was my gift to her.I had called months in advance, and spoke to the person in the box office, who assisted me in purchasing the VIP package (more on that later). The VIP package isn't cheap, but worth every penny. VIP tickets were $250 each...again worth every penny.We arrived in Vegas, did all the Vegas-y things, and dressed to the nines to attend the show. We took a gondala ride before the show outside (fun!!), then made out way to the theater. We was one of the first ones in line, and was seated wil almost no waiting.The theater is amazing! The decorations and layout is way more detailed than I expected.We was seated in the middle of the theater, directly under the chandelier. Literally the best seats in the house. The chandelier plays a major part in several scenes, and where you sit is important. Sit under the chandelier if you can.As we sat waiting for the opening number as others were being seated, I was approached by an usher who welcomed us as VIP ticket holders. We received large glossy programs for free (also available in the gift shop for purchase), and was told to meet the VIP group near the stage after the show.Let me say now that I was not much of a POTO fan. I could take it or leave it. I have seen the movie on DVD, and it was okay. My wife, on the other hand, is a Phantom nut. She knows all the lines, sings all the songs, and can recite the dialog with the movie like she is watching Rocky Horror. It was going to have to be god to keep my attention, and out of this world to live up to expectations.As soon as the opening number started, I knew that this play was going to be something really, really special. I was awestruck. The music, the production, the actors, the singing. I was absolutely converted into a fan, and my wife was on a whole different plane of nirvana. Everything about this show stopped our hearts (in a good way).After the show, we met the other dozen of VIP ticket holders and out guide. The VIP tickets allow you too take a guided tour though the theater. You get to see and learn all the tricks, tips, mechanization, and artistry of the production. The tour lasted longer than the show...2 hours, but it went by so fast!!We got to have a meet and greet with ANTHONY CRIVELLO, who plays The Phantom. It wasn't a cheesy 10 minute "I want to get home already" meet. He sat down, took pictures, told stories, and answered every question. He didn't leave until he was sure everything was signed and every photo taken.The tour was amazing...you have no idea what goes on behind the scenes at that show. You get to see the costumes, the wigs, the makeup, the sets, the props...everything!!I have no idea what I'm going to do on our 50 anniversary to top the 25th...this show was legendary.
5	This is one of the most amazing productions that I have ever had the privilege of seeing.The theatrics are mind blowing I could not have asked for anything more. The stage takes on a life of its own by extending itself into the auditorium somewhat interacting with the audience. Characters jump off stage, chandeliers fall into the crowd, and the phantoms stage transcends the pageantry of the mid 1900's.The story is a bit condensed (1.5 Hours) with no intermission. But I truly believe that the play contained majority of the key components that are crucial to the story line.The orchestra is heart pounding The wardrobe is flawless. The sets are extravagant.The cast is sensational. Truly the best show in Las Vegas. (Magically indescribable) The house is relatively small, so if you cannot afford those pricey front row tickets.. Don't be scared of having a bad view. The best seats are always in the middle of the house. (Anything past the 15th row) Here you will get a complete view of the stage and the constant evolution of the auditorium. Word of advice.. shop around for your tickets. (I got a great deal on 3rd row tickets. 50% off) -You must be 6+ YEARS OLD to attend this performance (loosely enforced)Check the Schedule of events out at: http://www.phantomlasvegas.com/
2	VENUE -There is no waiting in line for entrance if you already have your ticket. Dress code is extremely casual, so your shorts and sweaty t-shirt from a day on The Strip won't be a problem. They let cameras and food in (just don't try to record anything), so there is no need to leave your stuff at the hotel and disrupt your enjoyment of Vegas just so you can get into the show. There is a free shuttle that runs from the Rio (and other places?) to Harrah's, which is right next door to the Venetian. The Venetian itself is well worth a visit as one of the more attractive hotels on The Strip. Just make sure you get directions to the theater as soon as you walk in, or you might otherwise get lost due to the lack of helpful signs.Remember that this is a Vegas show, and that involves the Vegas crowd. We sat next to a group who used outdoor voices to talk with each other during the show. One of them decided to play with a plastic bag throughout the performance, ruffling it, constantly shifting it around, wrapping it around her hand, etc. The audience was otherwise quite respectful, but keep in mind that distractions and rude audiences may be part of the deal.THE SHOW -The GOOD:The set and effects are at times stunning, and generally very well done. The show, which is an abridged version, runs about an hour and a half and has no intermission. This is good if you don't want your entire evening swallowed up by the show. Andre and Firmin were good, though not great. Madame Giry, Meg, and Raoul were performed well enough that they did not detract from the show. The orchestra gave a masterful performance. The interpretation of the score was excellent and the ensemble was able to handle the intense sections without becoming overpowering. Articulation was wonderful.Overall, the set, effects, and orchestra were the most powerful elements of the show, beautiful in every way and going a long way to create the mood that the performance itself utterly failed to.The BAD:Crivello's understudy's performance as the Phantom was entirely lacking. His interpretation of the character is far removed from the dark, mysterious, commanding persona that the Phantom is meant to be. His pacing is horrible, slowing down or speeding up phrases seemingly at random, with no regard for the actual flow of the music or the feeling it is meant to convey. He delivers almost every line with the same bold projection, whether it is written to be joyous, melancholy, angry, or tortured and despairing. A prime example of this is his train wreck delivery of "Music of the Night", in which all of the romance, seduction, and flow is bludgeoned to death by his loud and bellowing delivery. He emphasizes words at random and lacks any of the emotion that qualifies anyone to play this part. Thankfully, at least, his voice (and perhaps performance) is better than Crivello's (seen on Youtube and Vimeo).The understudy appeared incredibly awkward as he stumbled through the choreography. Some of this is the fault of the director, but much of it is simply poor performance. Nothing about his movements was confident, smooth, or commanding. It all seemed so out of place, as if he were performing the hand motions from Napoleon Dynamite. It was like watching a 6th grade music class perform before a gymnasium full of reluctant parents. His weeping was comical (and snickers could be heard in the audience). Other choreography (such as the final kiss between the Phantom and Christine) was as if we were watching a whimsical Saturday morning Looney Tunes adaptation of the musical.In general, the Phantom was nothing that the Phantom should be. He was instead comical, awkward, whiny, and entirely unconvincing. His singing was uninspired, his interpretation lacked insight, his performance lacked passion, his Phantom was less compelling than the barrel-organ monkey. This was far from professional, and I honestly cannot fathom what the casting director saw in him (or Crivello).The other performances were good, as noted above, but far from great. Raoul was young and pompous, but not dignified or charming. Madame Giry was strong and generally well interpreted, although she came across, perhaps to achieve the desired comedic effect, as a bit slave-driving and cranky. Meg was sufficient, but there was no feeling of the companionship held between her and Christine. Andre and Firmin were perhaps the strongest characters, though here, again, the comedic effect probably took precedence over a classy or respectable performance in one or two instances. The auctioneer was a bit over the top when discussing the chandelier, as if he were trying to communicate through every word, "I AM PERFORMING I AM PERFORMING."Lastly, this suffered some as a result of being an abridged version.This was not the seductive, compelling show that Phantom is meant to be, yet still The Phantom, enjoyable and worth watching.Reviewer: A fan, saw the full show twice elsewhere, enjoyed the 2004 movie
5	I am a huge fan of musicals and this production of Phantom of the Opera was one of my favorite musicals of all time!I loved everything!! The cast, the set, the costumes, the crazy special effects, the songs, everything!! The cast is very talented. Truly amazing! I highly recommend this show! My bf and I got the chills so many times during the show because it was just so good! If you're a fan of Phantom of the Opera, this is a definite must! Try to see it if you're in Vegas. It's inside the Venetian. There is no intermission though so make sure you use the restroom beforehand!
3	I love Phantom... I've seen it 5 times (Los Angeles twice, New York, London and Las Vegas). Always great, and always different. Every cast has been excellent, but they always bring slight changes. The Las Vegas cast was great... The venue is amazing... But, with the shortened show, it felt a bit rushed, and condensed in a way that lost a chunk of the magic that is Phantom. Still a good show, but not on par with the other performances I've seen.
5	Phantom is awesome! Anthony Crivello the BEST Phantom ever! Anthony Crivello bases his performance not on what other Phantoms have done in the past but on the dark edgy character that Gaston Leroux has created... More the gruesome Lon Chaney Black and White creature than the highly romantic Michael Crawford one.That being said, Mr. Crivello is extremely sexy in the role and even with his edge he draws you in to care for the Phantom and root for him to get the girl in the end. It's crazy, that he can do it, but Crivello does...His layered performance brings a whole new dimension to this complex character. Superb!Kristi Holden sings like a bird. Her upper notes float on air so effortlessly that you wonder if she can really be singing it. Her voice is like "Butter."Andrew Ragone is not only a handsome, dashing Raoul, but sympathetic male ingenue that brings more than the usual 2 dimensional approach to this role. He is not just pompous like I have seen others play him, he has a heart and genuine feeling that raise the stakes to this love triangle.Tina Walsh and Brianne Kelly Morgan have great chemistry as Mmde. Giry and Meg, while John Leslie Wolfe and Lawson Skala practically steal the show with theirs as the Opera Managers. Joan Sobel is the perfect Diva in Carlotta with all that the role requires in her gorgeous coloratura tones.This production has everything you have seen in other incarnations and then some.The sets, lights, sound and costumes have all been upgraded from the original 23 years ago. What they are able to do now technically far surpasses any previous production you have seen. If you love Phantom of the Opera, you will ADORE this production.I have sent many "non theatre going friends" to this over and over and the reaction is always the same, "I didn't think I would like it and I was blown away!"  " I want to see it again!" Seriously as someone who wasn't a huge Phantom fan having seen it for years in NY, I sure am now! This production converted me! I think it is truly a MUST SEE if you are in Vegas! The Venetian is the perfect place for this production as well. It all just works. Period.In regards to White C's review above, They DIDN'T see Anthony Crivello perform because he was on vacation that week.  I happen to know this as I saw him perform in Milwaukee at the same time. Check out Vimeo to see his performance last week. So he saw one of the understudies... Before you review an actor unfavorably, make sure that is the actor that you are seeing! Crivello's performance has been lauded by many reviewers and audiences as one of the best ever. Surely Harold Prince agrees. I don't think he would cast anyone less than superb. If an understudy went on in his absence and was less than stellar, that is unfortunate, but they are understudies after all and they don't perform the role regularly. Maybe that is why they seemed to not be secure in the role. Not an excuse, but maybe an explanation.Go see this show if you are in Vegas! It will make your entire trip!
5	My wife forced this show on me. I don't mind the movie, but I'm not crazy about it. It is too drawn out, and I'm not crazy about the singing. Well, this show was excellent. It was the perfect Phantom. The show is abridged, so it only runs an hour and a half. Some people complain that some of the storyline is cut out, and that makes it hard to follow. Well, I don't understand how they could get lost. Maybe if you haven't seen it before that is possible... but you should still be able to get the jist of it. It was the perfect length for me, and they cut out all of the parts that I would've liked to see cut in the movie. It moved quickly, and it kept me fully involved the entire time. We sat on the balcony, which was a concern for me because I couldn't find my glasses, and I'm blind as a bat without them. Even without my glasses, the seats were still good enough that I could see without a problem. Even better is that the performers were so much better than in the movie. The Phantom and Christine were particularly good. Definitely worth seeing, even if you are sceptically going into it. Some advice though, look around for the cheapest tickets. We looked for quite some time before realizing that the Venetian was having a summer special ($49/ticket). If you can't find them on sale, they can be rather expensive.
5	OK - huge Phantom fan - but the last 2 times in NYC it seemed tired to me - so, when I was in Vegas, I saw it - AMAZING! Yes, it's a bit shorter in length than NYC - no intermission either - but 95 minutes of AMAZING.
3	The show had great special effects on-stage, and the production brought the play into the crowd at some points.With that being said, this was a shorter version of Phantom with no intermission (poopie pee time) in the middle of it. So take care of business before hand.I am not a pretentious "theatre" type of guy, but it was very distracting when some teenage girl behind us was singing every song in the play. There were also people walking in and out of the crowd (probably poopie pee time) without trying to be quiet. People were also kicking back in shorts and tee shirts.What also threw me off was that it sounded as though the play was either pre-recorded, or they were all mic'd up really well. So the entire time you were wondering if they were talented singers/performers moving around on stage, or they recorded it inside some studio with many attempts to get it right. You could tell because there was no difference in singing or talking when they turned away from you.
4	Let me start off and thank Bianca for upgrading our seats. She was super cool by letting us know what day we should attend if we wanted better seats and even upgraded them for FREE! That gurl deserves a raise.The show was better than I thought it was going to be, I'm not a big opera fan but the show kept me entertained the whole way through. The wife loved it but I would have guessed, I think she loves plays period. The stage was totally built for this cuz everything fit like a key. Even the props were great like the chandelier and the audience on the sides of the theater to make you feel like you were in Paris. But the best part for me were the pyrotechnics! FYI It can be a little blinding at times. Overall great show and would advise people to go see it.
5	Wow!  I've seen Phantom twice now...from the back section and from the second row... and it didn't disappoint either time!  It's a complete show, singing, stage sets, etc.  I will go back again I'm sure...
5	i admit that i'm bit of a musical virgin, but i have loved the soundtrack of "phantom" for years!  though i'd never seen the musical before, i thought the las vegas production was pretty damn awesome - great sound, great set, great costumes, great effects and of course, great story!  i'm so glad i got to enjoy it here!
4	The primary reason I went to see Phantom of the Opera was to see Anthony Crivello perform the role of Phantom. That alone was reason enough for me to want to see a show that honestly, I wasn't really eager about (not an ALW fan).As I read the Yelp reviews of others who had seen the show, I began getting excited about the set design and effects, which now, having seen the show, can agree are impressive.I don't know how they do it- eight shows a week- but the entire cast was at the top of their game, especially Crivello, who demonstrated outstanding vocal range and great depth as an actor. There was no phoning it in by this cast of talented professionals. It was as fresh as if the curtain had gone up for the first time just the night before.With an hour shaved off from the Broadway version, the Las Vega$ show moves at a brisk pace. There may not be quite enough time for the relationships between Christine and her suitors to develop in full, but hey, if reality tv can get away with it, this skillfully produced show certainly can.If you find yourself wanting to see a show in Las Vega$, Phantom of the Opera is an excellent choice. There's a little something for everyone in the production, truly a show anyone can enjoy.I understand there are special VIP packages that include a backstage visit with the cast and crew. Being able to learn details about how the show works would be a real treat.
4	Went with family...and on a whim and a student discount (Vegas on a budget is very possible) got seats in the nosebleeds and loved it.  My wife and I are particularly fond of this musical as it was our first ever broadwah show.  There is good reason why this is the one of the best selling, long standing, popular broadway shows of all time.  Took a star away cause they took out a song number or two, but the stage and theatre helped make up for it.  After going, you can be rest assured the songs will haunt you as you gamble in the mysterious casinos listening to the "music of the night"....cheesy...I know...buts its Vegas baby....what do you expect ?  A great Vegas show....great stage, great special effects (the chandelier was amazing) and and a great night of entertainment!
5	My hubby and I got free tickets to the show as it came as part of the hotel package we got though the Venetian/Palazzo.  Our seats were pretty decent as we were in the orchestra level.  The theater itself is beautiful.  They did a really awesome job designing it.  The show itself was very good and entertaining too!  They have a wonderful cast that all sang extremely well.  This is my third time watching Phantom of the Opera (I have seen it in LA and Orange County) and I have to say that I really enjoyed this production, more so than the OC production back in 2008. Though they did cut some parts out, it was still very well done.  I would definitely recommend this show to anyone!
4	I was pleasantly surprised with this production. Like other reviews have mentioned, they upgraded our seats free of charge, which was a very kind gesture. The music was fantastic, the acting was phenomenal, and the chandelier choreography was just the cherry on top!
5	This show is off scale.  I don't think 5 stars is not enough to show my respect for this show.My boyfriend is not really into musical or shows, but I still dragged him to watch Phantom with me.  Fortunately, my boyfriend loves this show.  We had the best seat!!!!  The chandelier is on the top of our head!!!!  AMAZING!!!!  My boyfriend even listened Phantom soundtrack on Youtube.  I think I should buy their soundtrack as his bday gift.PERFECT SHOW FOR VEGAS!!!!!
5	Hands down, best show I have ever attended.  I sat below the chandelier center stage.  The effects of the show are excellent. I would recommend these seats again although I'm sure they're more expensive than the ones in the back.  Worth every penny.  If you can, try to sit below the chandelier - you'll be in for a really neat surprise.  ;-)
4	I only decided to get tickets because it's one of those things that you're expected to do in vegas. Boy was a I glad, it turned out to be a fantastic show. The performance was amazing and so was the set , the music. The chandelier thing was quite nice but one of the drawbacks of getting seats up front is that you have to turn around to see the whole scene. The whole auditorium is quite impressive.I definitely recommend the experience. You can't get music out of your head though and the elevators at the palazzo don't help the matter,
2	I came to this show expecting to be wow'ed. Well, I was very underwhelmed. This show is stupid. Why?1) The acting is very unconvincing. Yes, they can sing well, but the musical falls apart when they can't string these musical numbers together. I don't believe the phantom's anguish or love, which is a key element.2) The lighting is too bright. These scenes are supposed to be underground and dark. Things should be visible without being too bright. A great example of this would be Tron. There was light, but it was not overly bright. The bright lighting design doesn't not match the theme of phantom.3) I didn't appreciate the sound design. It sounds epic and larger than life, which is a good thing. But it distracts more than immerse and does not highlight the dark tones in phantom. A missed opportunity here for sure.Some good things.- great costume- ornate set- great propsBut all these aspects of spectacle cannot make up for how  the other 5 elements of tragedy are neglected...especially ethos...and it shows. All this technical wizardry and flashy clutter doesn't mean jack when you don't have the basics down. Oh, and I also forgot. This show is not cathartic at all. They very lightly touch on the theme of redemption, but it was not cathartic at all. I could see how those who are unfamiliar with theater could enjoy this production. But I still think it is pretty boring. 2 stars. At least they tried.
5	If this production was an Asian kid, he would definitely get an 'A' and make his parents proud.The acting isn't as stellar as cast in New York, but the theatre blows the Majestic Theatre out of the water. From the chandelier to the ceiling to the fake box seats to the stairwells... awesome.They do cut a lot of dialogue out compared to the production in New York, but you do have all of the same songs still in there. I've seen Phantom in Vegas 3 times now. All great, no complaints.I do suggest you buying your tickets via Tix 4 tonight. The ones I usually use are located at Casino Royale (right next to Venetian towards Harrahs) and at the Fashion Show Mall (across the street from Wynn or Treasure Island). You can save up to 50% on tickets. Pretty sweet deal if you ask me. The only catch is that they only sell tickets the day of or the day before, so you can't really plan on buying tickets before your trip through them. Whatever though, just go see it. P.S. there is no intermission, so don't get too sloppy. I was pretty hammered my second time seeing it there and I was about to flood my aisle like Katrina.( o Y o )
5	AMAZING!!!!!!! Enough said.
5	For my 100th review I picked Phantom to review because everytime I was watch It I am of without words..ooooh the irony! I have watched this Spectacular show 5 times and have cried each time. From beginning to end this show is Breath-Taking, It Just sucks you In and spits you out with emotions. I haven't had the pleasure to watch this show anywhere else but Vegas but I can honestly say that this show Is a MUST-SEE!! This show really benefits from having a permanent  home at the Venetian, with great detail the stage and theater are used to the fullest. Keep your eyes to the ceiling in the beginning ;-)
5	Giving it a 5 for the set, the ambience, and the fact that it's on the West Coast and I could actually take my kids to see it!  Excellent experience and beautiful theater.  We stayed at the Venetian and the hotel puts you in the mood way before the show starts.The singing was good, no Sarah B. or Michael C, but pretty good.  The interpretation for the Phatom was too angry too often, though.  Wish the Phantom used his good voice more and shouted less.VERY IMPORTANT: USE THE BATHROOM BEFORE THE SHOW!  There was no intermission.
5	Spectacular is the only word to describe this show. It is absolutely spectacular and this is coming from a girl who has seen many a Phantom of the Opera performance in a lifetime. I grew up going to this musical since it was housed in SF for many years. This show has some special affects that blow any other Phantom out of the water. I'm not going to go into details about the show itself because it lives up to the Phantom reputation that most people are already familiar with. The performers have flawless voices and the story-line is a classic. However, I will go into detail about how this differs from a Phantom show anywhere else. When I arrived and about to sit down, I was randomly upgraded by the usher to sit in some of the best seats in the house instead (row 10 orchestra) because the show wasn't full that night and they wanted the orchestra seats filled. Huge bonus! This performance of Phantom is "Vegas wow." Everything is bigger, brighter and bolder and it's done in record timing (for a Broadway musical) at only 90 minutes. It is Vegas after all so the normal three hour performance probably wouldn't sit well with those eager to gamble. Like I said, the dramatic affects will blow you away whether you are a fan of musicals or not. The balconies are lined with faux Opera goers, they have a full fireworks show on set, the sets themselves are works of art and the Phantom will appear when you least expect him. It was the perfect performance to wow me and entertain me in Vegas. The music was amazing and since it is Vegas, I'm happy it was only 1.5 hours. This is a must if you are here and you won't be disappointed.
5	A great production and an even more amazing set.  I'll avoid all the nitty-gritty details since everyone else has written a very thorough review.It was explained to me that the theater was built specifically for this show, which makes sense for why it just works so well!  With that in mind, they could focus on specific details, extra mechanics, etc... just for the show, and it definitely makes a difference.The seats... I sat in row three, but I wished I sat a few rows back.  With all those "extra" details in mind, a lot of action can happen around the theater that I couldn't always focus on.  Being a few more rows back would have assisted.The show... 90 minutes, a compact and action packed show.  It did feel rushed in some areas, but it's still very good.  A quick critique of the performers, they were all amazing, but I did feel that the Phantom's voice was a bit weaker than I would have expected.  I don't know if it was an off day (or I should check if it was an under study), but it was just a bit below expectations in this one area.Overall... go see it if you can, it's an experience worth paying for.
5	This was my second time watching Phantom at the Venetian and we took in the late show on Monday evening. We were taken back that there were so many empty seats in the Theater. I enjoyed the show even more this time around BC we were so close to the stage - it was incredible. Awesome sound, singing and costumes makes this a must see if you haven't checked this show out in LV yet. Compared to Broadway Phantom the play here is shorter and there is no intermission.
5	Outstanding!!!Best advice is don't sit front row though it was wonderful because if you aren't as sharp as me or have neck problems you might miss out on the part of the show where phantom in hanging from the center chandelier and when it ones crashing down...sit in the center! Stunning set and super talented cast. Not sure why I hadn't seen this sooner. Can't express how incredible the show is..worth every dollar.
5	Anthony Crivello  and Kristi Holden were amazing playing phantom and Christine ! This was my second time here and it is the same  fantastic performance every time . The settings and costumes are so beautiful. The story was originally published 1911 . That time it was not popular at until years later . It is awesome to see beautiful stories on the stage today . I think I will be back again . My 15 and 19 yr old boys loved it too .
4	Yes I shed a tear, is that weird? Poor Phantom!The show was pretty good, the only other theater musical I have seen was Wicked and it wasn't even close but I'll try not to compare. If I had to describe Phantom of the Opera in 4 words...Romantic, Creepy, Sexy and Heartbreaking. The actor  that played The Phantom was excellent. Wonderful performance from the actress playing Christine as well. Of course the music was fantastic.We were in the front section of the theater and some of the pyrotechnics were a bit too bright. We also weren't that impressed with the theater itself, I get the fact that we should feel like we're in the actual opera house in the show, but it felt old, the seats were small, no cup holders for our water bottle, and  theater seating would be nice.Worth every penny of our discounted tickets.
5	What a beautiful show and theater! The performances were excellent. This was my first time seeing Phantom and I loved it. The music was gorgeous, the scenery was so beautiful and realistic. It took me a few minutes to realize that the theater spectators were not real! I loved our seats, we were in the balcony center. We had a perfect view of the whole production and a great view of the chandelier coming together in the beginning of the show. Sitting in the front might be too close because there is a lot going on and I loved having a view from above.
5	This show was simply spectacular! I don't want to give away too much but I will definitely tell you that you probably have never nor will ever see it the same as this! The effects are epic, the performers are extraordinary, and the stage and scenery is beautiful. Also, the re-arrangements of the props is masterfully planned out. It just seems like every body involved helps make the show possible! Aside from all the music and storyline [which is, of course, just like most of the other Phantoms] they definitely put more thought than usual into it. And to think they do this almost every night... man oh man I'm envious! Like I said earlier I don't want to give away any of the crazy cool stunts they entertain, I'm just gonna keep it short and simple: MUST WATCH IT IF YOU'RE IN TOWN!!!Tickets are only $85 if you go to the nearest CVS or half price ticket seller [and there are many on The Strip] and that's for orchestra seating. But if you don't want the hassle of searching then going to the box office will suffice since ANY seat in the house is great, and I definitely admire that fact [makes me love the show all the better]. So enough of reading this relatively uninformative review, it's time you GO GO GO and see it for yourself !!!!!! :]
2	I will admit Im a Phantom of the Opera fan. Having seen it at the Orpheum in SF my bars were set high already. Our party did love the special effects and the theater. The  chandelier  is AMAZING!!! The costumes are amazing as well.One major drawback is the lack of dialogue. I thought the collaboration with Webber would help add a more fluid and concise explanation between each act segue. For a person who has never seen the show there are moments where you feel lost. One being in the begining where the set goes back in time and another beinf where Christine goes to her fathers grave.In all I liked it, but I did not LOVE it. I would gladly sit through the 2.5 hours for a full story, Im just not so sure the Vegas crowd is.
4	Fantastic show! I'll admit, the Vegas production is the only POTO show I've seen and I highly doubt I'll get the chance to watch it on Broadway or West End in its full 2.5 hour glory.The theater is pretty big, I don't understand how some thought it was small. Unlike the other productions, the Vegas has a giant chandelier that start off as four pieces and then come together above the audience.The performance itself was great despite that it was shortened, but it would be nice if maybe once in a while they offered the whole thing. The actors who played The Phantom and Christine did a wonderful job together and their rendition of the main song and Past the Point of No Return was just awesome and you can feel the emotions out of it.The issue I had though was the pyrotechnics. I sat in the orchestra area and the pyrotechnics was way too bright, especially in the end when the cast bow and the Phantom 'magically' appears. It really bothered my eyes.Overall POTO was great and if given the chance, I'll see it again.
5	AMAZING , FUNNY, POWERFUL.That's all I have to say. P.S. My 10 yr old niece loved it without having any previous knowledge of this play, I recommend it for kids ( if they have brains).
3	I was forced to see this as the person I was with wanted to see it very bad.   I'm not going to say this is a poor show as this is not my style show to see and I basically had no business being there.  But...I will say I was asleep for about half the show due to it being extremely boring.  There is no doubt that the performers are extremely skilled, but it just didn't keep me interested.   So basically if you don't like opera or "play" style shows I'd skip this.
5	Fantastic!
5	GO! Go see it before the final curtain falls on this spectacular show!I'm not big on musicals, in fact, I don't really care for them. Spontaneous bursting into song and dance is not really my thing. Phantom is great because it flows pretty well with continuous singing dialogue. I'm not familiar with the Broadway production (I've read the book, which is absolutely worth a read!), so didn't know how exactly the show would flow although I guess I should've assumed all singing per the "Opera" in the title...The show was way more interactive than I thought-particularly the moving chandelier that plays an important and beautiful part in the show. I'd wondered why so much money was dropped into that theater and now I know why. A lot of trap door action and large moving stage pieces. The performances were wonderful; the phantom was as spooky as he was talented. And kudos to the make up artist who had me cringing in my seat once that mask came off. I was close enough to see what looked like extreme lifelike disfigurement....I have very few experiences to compare it to, but this will stick as a highlight of 2012! The show ends in September I believe, so get there while you can!
4	This is a great show to catch if you're in Vegas and not up to watching one of the seemingly millions of  cirque du soleil shows.  It's shorter than the broadway version (only 90 minutes long and no intermission) so make sure that you know the storyline before the show, otherwise you will be LOST.  There isn't a bad seat in the house since the theater was built specifically for Phantom and honestly, the worse seats are probably in the front because you'll have to turn around to see all of the chandelier action.
3	If you're a Phantom fan, you HAVE to see the one at Vegas. Not necessarily because it is the BEST production, but moreso because it is a UNIQUE production. The theatre, built specifically for this rendition of the Phantom has some spectacular effects and there are some very creative sets. I'm not a fan of The Phantom Of The Opera, personally... but I did enjoy this production and I feel it's worth it to see it.
3	6th row from frontA lack luster performance at the 7pm show.The singing was drab and the performers seemed to be just doing thier parts without the love that this show demands.Long time a favorite show to see at the Pantages in Hollywood.   I would not want to go back to vegas again to see this.     Especially at the price of 179.00 a ticket  3 stars is giving credit to the sets, sparks and flames......    5 stars if this were a university performance.    2 stars for the proffesional performers
5	WOW. Very awesome. There's a reason this show has 4.5+ stars in almost 300 reviews. This is Phantom: The Las Vegas Spectacular. This isn't Phantom: the epitome of culture. The show lives up to its name. It is fast, loud, bright, and very well done. Perfect for Vegas and its short attention span. Mind you, I'm not saying it isn't classy, but this is Vegas. Getting people to sit down and watch theater here is like getting a group of fourth graders to sit down for an assembly for 90 minutes. They are itching to get up and gamble more. I digress-- the show held my attention just fine for the whole time.We were in row AA, right in the middle right behind the golden circle. Paid just under 100 clams per seat after I searched online for a coupon code. Went to a Friday 7 p.m. show. No, they didn't offer to upgrade our seats for free, I was ok with that because I picked these seats.I would say the stage was slightly too far away, it would have been nice to have been a little closer to see the actors better. But, being farther away meant seeing the chandelier better, as well as the sides of the theater.The sound from the orchestra and the actors was awesome. So clear, and loud but not too loud. They all sounded excellent. I can't believe they belt out these notes night after night. Spectacular. Really, one of the main reasons to see Phantom is the music, and it sounded perfect. Just as good as the original.I can't imagine anybody sounding better than the actress playing Christine the night we went. Really incredible. On to the show. The opening, with the chandelier assembling, was probably the best part. Mesmerizing. You walk in and there are old, drab sheets covering the "theater goers" in the boxes at the sides. The chandelier is broken and hanging in four parts around the theater. Then, of course, early in the show, (illumination!) you are brought back several decades earlier, and the chandelier magically assembles. The drab sheets get pulled up, and the theater is brought back to glory. It's dramatic and heart pounding.The show was pretty fast paced, and it was sort of strange to see a stage performance of this caliber without an intermission. But this is Vegas, and it fits. Oh, I didn't notice a dress code, and I saw people bringing in drinks. Like I said, Vegas.There were great special effects. Some pyrotechnics toward the end, including four flame walls that were blinding! There's a lot of trap door stuff, fog, and other contraptions, including the Phantom doing a Batman/Spiderman impersonation. Pretty cool. The set pieces are great, and assemble behind shades or other props so you don't even notice when they change. Very well done, and I would expect no less from a permanent, multi-million dollar set.Yes, they do play Phantom music all over the Venetian: in the elevators, outside in the lobby, at the sidewalk. Cool if you like the Phantom, that's for sure. All in all, this was a great performance. You will not be disappointed.
2	I was expecting a LOT more, especially for $115 per seat.  Like others, I'll admit that I've seen the REAL show and that's the gold standard.  Unlike others, one of my main complaints was that the songs were SLOW, not sped up.  All syncopation was removed and it sounded like a pretty good college level (not FA majors) show.  The theater itself is very nice.  The size allows any seat to be quite good.  The chandelier effects and all the sets are really great - but they don't sing.  The pyro is just too much.  I saw many people covering their eyes - myself included.  Leave that shock and awe stuff to the Mirage across the street.  If you really like Phantom and have ever heard or seen it I would just wait for it to play at Theater of the Stars or something similar.  The Venetian production is just lacking.  Also, it would be nice if people understood that standing ovations are to be reserved for knock-your-socks-off greatness, not every performance not matter how mediocre.
5	Wow! Amazing auditorium simply beautiful.  We picked up discount tix same day and rushed to the box office for our seat assignment.  Since we purchased our tix early in the day we has a great selections of seats. 4th row orchestra!  Now the performance... This was our second time seeing the Phantom (once with the traveling company).  Yes the production is shorten however the stage props blow the traveling groups away. Christine Daae and phantom were both fantastic as were the rest of the actors. I can't believe the show is ending 9/2/12. What a great show to top a last minute getaway!
3	Found this production so chopped up that I wondered how people who had never seen this show could understand it. The voices tonight were right on pitch and exquisite. Costumes beautiful. And, about that chandelier, WOW!  I was sitting beneath it and actually ducked! I just wish it would have been the full production instead of an hour and thirty minute version. Just too short of a timeframe for this production. The Phantom deserves more!
5	Saw this show last night for the time ever in life, and all I can say is what the hell is wrong with me for waiting this long?! This show is AMAZING, GREAT, TOOK MY BREATH AWAY, UNEXPECTED. I am out of adjectives for now. The special effects, the music, the control the actors have over their voices....WOW!!! Worth every cent I paid for my ticket!!! That is not an overstatement, or trying to plug the show in any way. To be honest, going into the show, I was a little biased towards the negative side. Only because everyone else was saying how great it was, and people on here too. So naturally, being cynical, I was going into this with the opposite mindset. Even so, I am soooooo glad to be wrong. This show made my day and night, walking out, i genuinely felt emotions felt by the characters on stage. Rarely do I feel that way walking out of a play. GO!! GO!!!! GO!!! DON'T THINK TWICE!!!!DO IT!!!!!
5	This is a late review. But I saw this about the same time last year. Missed the production in San Francisco when I was in High School because we went on the most boring fishing trip ever and forgot it coincided with the show. So 16 years later, I've finally got a chance. Never too late right? This show was spectacular! You can be a newbie to live theater, opera or never thought you'd like any theater production with singing, let alone opera, you'd still be amazed by this show. Since the theater itself was specifically built for the show, the stage, sets, and special effects were top notch. I'm still amazed at how quick and seamless the transitions were from one amazing scene to the next. Before this, I've only seen recorded productions of the show and I'd have to say I prefer Anthony Crivello's seemingly darker and more troubled dimension to the Phantom character.I think I had goosebumps throughout the entire show. The songs, the music, the singing, just great stuff. Because I was in the middle and 4 rows from the stage and orchestra, I felt immersed in the whole thing. I would recommend those that go to try and get seats within that range. Makes for a much more magical and wondrous experience.Definitely worth the time and money.
4	I finally decided to watch this show because it's closing in Sep 2012!!Purchased tickets directly from their box office at $65 including tax and fees (50% off) for the top balcony seats (Section 11, row BC). The seats were a little too far for me but I wouldn't want to pay more than $65 to watch this. The show wasn't bad... I think i would like it a lot more if i can actually make out what they are singing about. I can barely understand what they are singing half the time. The stage effects were kind of cool. The moving chandelier was entertaining. The acting and costumes were also up to par. Overall it is a good show to watch since it is ending soon and at $65 bucks it is worth to see.
5	Amazing. You won't be disappointed. My husband and I are very happy we didn't pass this up. The theater is not big, so I wasn't unhappy with our "cheap" seat tickets. We preferred Phantom over Cirque. The music is live and incredible. Check it out before it ends September 2012!
5	I know people love to go to Vegas to go gambling, get wasted, bump and grind at the clubs, and throw a dollar at a stripper.Me?  I actually like going to Vegas so that I can see shows (and stuff myself like a pig at the buffet).Phantom of the Opera is a must-see.  The stage was designed specifically for the show and the theatre is so intimate, you can't really get a bad seat (although I personally loved being underneath the chandelier!!!).  The costumes, the singing, the music, the effects...*swoons*I'm still debating whether or not this or the Lion King is my favorite show.  But it doesn't matter, because both are so good, and both require your attendance.
5	** This show is closing in September 2012, go see it while you can!Like some other reviewers I am a bit of a Phantom (and many musicals) "snob" and wasn't getting my hopes up for this.I was comp'd our tickets so I can't really say if it is "worth it", but I have paid close to their box office prices to see the full show at home before.  I was seated about 13 rows up in orchestra level, left of the stage, and near the aisle.Having seen this in Grady Gammage auditorium in AZ with a great cast on 3 occasions I was even more blah about it.Well, don't judge a Vegas show until you've seen it I guess!   The small theater worked really well for this compressed performance.  The effects involved were exactly what you'd expect from Vegas.  Some of which are difficult to pull off in older, and larger venues.The cast was not the best I have ever heard, but the main roles were great.   Only disappointment there was the roles of Firmin and Andre, those performers were not that hot, at least at the show I went to.As for the compressed version they run here (95 minutes or so) I am completely OK with it.   Some of the pit bosses and others I had talked to throughout the day at the casino mentioned one of the reasons being that a Vegas show audience does not really have the patience for the length of the full scale production.   I thought this production did a great job of keeping the story in tact for the most part, and also kept true to hitting every one of the major musical numbers.It is a shame it's closing.
3	With Phantom closing in September 2012, this was a slightly late Valentines Day present that got bumped up on our Vegas to-do list. 2 tickets, Section 2, Row D, Seats 29/30. 4 rows from the stage, slightly off center but not by much and definitely in the recommended Gold Circle. Was it worth it? Absolutely, but not at full price. Look up 241 Locals online and save some serious money. Phantom was on my list of shows I have always wanted to see. I will likely never see it in London, wouldn't have time to see it in NYC, so Vegas would have to do. A little research online revealed Andrew Lloyd Webber made the cuts and adjustments for this show to finish in the 90 minute time allotted so with the original people in approval my fears were put to rest. The show itself....is everything you would expect and more. Take a few seconds and look around the theater and see what Sheldon Adelson spent his money on. He definitely invested a little bit and it shows. The performance was very enjoyable...until about 3/4 of the way into it when they had a mechanical issue that completely stopped the show. We get the standard apology, but we wait over 10 minutes for the stagehands to fix whatever went wrong. They finally restarted...but by that time it just wasn't the same for me. The remaining part of the performance was good...but I left feeling a little bit irritated by the technical glitch. Perhaps it's a good thing that the show is coming to an end. 6 years or so is a heck of a run and with things breaking down, it's best to go out before things truly fall apart. For my first Vegas show it wasn't bad...but I won't be going back for a second time.
4	I'm a little sad that Phantom is closing down around September 2012. I watched the show last year, and I was satisfied with the performance even if it was a condensed version of The Phantom of The Opera. I thought the cast was great and the setting was very intimate.
4	Amazing costumes and stage sets.  Mesmerizing soundtrack.  Great vocals.  A must see before they close the show this year if you haven't yet!A lady next to me told me this was a shortened 1.5 hour production versus the original 2.5 hours Broadway show.  However, I thought it was a good length to get the story and effect.  If you're not familiar with the storyline, it may be a good idea to watch the movie beforehand to fully understand what's going on.  When I left the theater, I couldn't get the Phantom song out of my head!  P.S. bring a coat as the AC is blasting in there!!
4	I heard this show was ending this year. So sad. I really enjoyed it. The show is expensive so go to those discount ticket places. You might get lucky. We were able to get cheap tickets. There were amazing sets and pyrotechnics that probably would make it stand out more than the show on Broadway. It is a shorten versioned of the original, but I think they condense the story very well. I didn't like this one music number sung by some supporting characters. I wasn't very impressed and couldn't follow along with the song. I also didn't like how rude the theater workers were. They could have been more helpful.I distinctively remember the falling chandelier. That really did scare me, but it was a pleasant surprise. The beautiful music and acting truly made me a lifelong fan of this show.
5	First, read this: GO SEE THIS SHOW, even if it means risking your life. It is that good.I went to this show for my birthday, having seen EVERY (and I mean every) major production in Vegas. Call me a Vegas-Show snob. First Impression: When I entered, it was very grand, and I was excited already. We sat in the the frontal, middle row R, being told by the manager it is the best seat in the house (Close enough to see every emotion on the characters faces, but right on the the Chandler... Just trust me, best seat in the house). Despite people saying it is cold, I was comfortable: better being a little chilly then sweating. When the show started, the curtains off all the stages (side, above, the stage) came up, and I was in absolute awe. I am not one to like musicals and operas on general: I, no disrespect, think they are kind of cheesy. But I must say this is my favorite ever, in any city, not just Vegas. The singing was fabulous, the costumes were fabulous, the staging was fabulous, the story was fabulous, fabulous, fabulous, fabulous. I'm going to go see it again, and again, and again. Must I say again: GO SEE!
5	What a beautiful show! I jumped at the opportunity to see this show when my time share resort offered discounted tickets to me if I attended their orientation. It was so good! All I have to say is that: The show is so good that I would have paid full price to see it again.Phantom @ The Venetian is the first time I saw Phantom of the Opera live. There were many people that said this show was altered to fit the time frame at Las Vegas, but they still have the best songs in it. The theater is just amazing itself, it resembles the opera house and I love the part of the chandelier drop. For the best viewing of the show, get seats at the Golden Circle or directly at the rows behind it. I can guarantee you that it will be an experience that you are not going to forget.
4	I had seen Phantom a few times before, but my husband hadn't ever seen it and we found a great deal of tickets so we decided to go.I'm so glad we did! It was an awesome performance and the set was beautiful.  My husband had a great time as well.  He was tapping his foot with the music and even humming at times.  I was surprised how empty the theater was, I'd say it was only half full.  Dress casual.  Drinks are pricey (as always).We sat in the balcony but the theater wasn't too large, so the balcony was just fine.
5	This is the best show Ive ever seen.
5	we purchased 3rd row, right side.   Amazing performance, the chandelier is more complex than the other shows I've seen in Los Angeles and Charleston.There were several moments where the special effects were captivating.   The costume, comedy, dance, sound, lighting, set...  all well done. The house was packed and at the event everyone was standing !
4	If you have a artistic bone in your body you will really appreciate the theater. There is so much detail put into the decor you can't help but love it ....(pay close attention to the chandelier). Even though Phantom tours big cities, it's way better to see it in Vegas because the theatre was built just for this show! Oh and do not go and see the show hungover or on 2 hrs of sleep like I did, you will not enjoy it as much as you should!!
3	I saw this show in Toronto back in the late 80s and then twice in Vegas. The show is condensed, but that is hardly noticeable. The quality of the performance varies a bit but if you don't try to compare it to the broadway/off-broadway run, it is a very enjoyable show to see. The theater itself is an actor in the play with some really amazing special effects. It is ending in September 2012, so there isn't much time to catch it if you haven't seen Phantom.
5	Unbelievable. We love the movie, and thought nothing could compare. But the nuance and power of the live singing, especially by the 3 leads, took my breath away. The staging is gorgeous. I'll never forget the raw emotional power of the Phantom's singing and expression. Don't miss this. A once in a lifetime experience. We were in Orchestra K, 39 and 40. Fantastic seats. I'd recommend orchestra if you can do it. We found discount (50% off) tickets by using a coupon code and paid about $90 per ticket. You can search for this in Google and see if they work for you.
5	Best show in Vegas.  We sat middle of seventh row.  Any closer would have been too low.  Perfect seats. The show was 1 1/2 hours which kept it at a faster pace than the usual musical.  It was very dramatic.  If you go to one show, this one is it.
4	Said to be the best theater for this show. I can believe it since it was built specifically for Phantom. Unfortunately, we were plagued with moments of wondering what the hell was happening. The singing was overall good, but hard to make out at other times. We sat off to the left side and far enough back to where we could see the stage and the chandelier without craning our necks. Although the cast did well, the actor who played Raoul was "phantastic". I am glad to see it before it leaves Las Vegas. If you haven't seen Phantom, you have until 9/2/12. Having seen most of the other Broadway productions when they took residency here, it was well worth it. It is not my favorite, but how could you beat puppet sex?
5	Love ! Love ! Love  phantom ! A very good show ! Took my boyfriend to see this show , he has never seen a las Vegas show before , I think he liked the pyro techs and the music ( he was humming it after the show) we decided to get the better deal by using coupon code 50zoo from travelzoo, so we went to the box office at the Venetian . The guy at the front assured us that we were purchasing mezzanine seats from the seating chart ( about 70 per person ) we didn't double check our ticket seats on the tickets . Nevertheless we got there for the 7 pm performance , we arrived at 6:30 and got drinks at the front bar (expensive ) 12.00 for a small glass of Pinot . When we showed the ushers our seat tickets we were told to go to balcony level . We did not want balcony level, it seems that the box office sold us balcony seats in the very back of the theatre ! We explained this kindly to our usher that we just wanted the seats right below , and she was nice enough to move us to golden circle !! ($190 seats !!) all in all Great seats. But I would not spend the extra money for these seats as I feel that you miss some detail siting so close up . Any seat in the theatre is fine , as the theatre is very small.
5	My gf and I decided to see Phantom since I have not seen it before and wanted to check it out before it closes in September.The show was great with all the songs I have heard from Phantom of the Opera before I ever saw the show. They had terrific actors playing the parts of the Phantom and Christine.The theater was beautiful with the extra figurine artwork on the side that added extra elegance to the show. You can tell that this theater was built specifically for the Phantom production. Plus there was this huge chandelier just right in the ceiling that was a big part of the show.Their were a couple hiccup's as they twice had technical difficulties in which they had to stop the show for a few minutes, but it was still great with the added fireworks. I think that was what caused the difficulties. Also, do wear a long sleeve shirt or sweater as we were advised when we bought the tickets that it can get a little chilly during the production.My gf said it was not exactly the same story line as the one she saw in Seattle, but a little more condensed version with better production value added.Overall I really loved the music and the romance, but it was just great that I got to see it with my gf in a great setting.
4	So I have a degree in theatre production and Phantom stole my heart at a young age, so I know I'm a bit harder of a reviewer than most, but if you are a die-hard Phantom fan, the actor playing the Phantom will dissapoint.  He had a nasal quality to his voice that was unpleasant. I've seen Phantom in 3 countries and this Phantom lead was my least favorite by far. I found myself studying the lighting during his solos.  The set and effects were worth going for, and it was wonderful to see Phantom re-done by the Lord Lloyd-Webber.  The chandelier became a character unto itself and I really enjoyed every other little detail about the show.My advice, though - avoid the side Mezzanine seating area.  The Tix4Tonight people only sell the side Mezzanine and those seats attract people who don't respect the theatre.  Phones were ringing, a guy was hocking-up a lung and spitting into something through most of the show, and I saw flip-flops despite the dress code.  But again, I know I'm a tougher cookie than most.
5	The Venetian is a magnificent hotel and they did an amazing job with the Phantom Theatre. The production itself was spectacular, with fireworks onstage, and lots of props that literally rose right out of the stage floor, and really beautiful sets and lighting. My only complaint was that it was condensed. - The length of it was actually fine, but some of the time I was confused about what was going on because they had cut out some of the critical background to the storyline. The players weren't bad at all but I've seen other productions of this show where I was literally blown-away by the awesomeness of the actors. Still a wonderful production that I would gladly watch again.
5	I'll keep this review short and sweet.I've seen Phantom of the Opera performed on Broadway and in Chicago. I've seen the 25th anniversary DVD that was presented at the Royal Albert Hall in London. None of these performances have held a candle to the amazing production that can be seen at the Venetian.I'm seeing it tomorrow for the fifth time, and will likely see it one more time as it's closing its doors in September. See it while you can...the best way to experience Phantom!
4	Phantom of the Opera at the Venetian is a must-see. I sat in the balcony - which was preferable as the chandelier moves around (and I like to worst-case-scenario everything and was waiting for it to fall onto the audience)...The sets, effects, and stunts are all pretty amazing (and terrifying - see worst-case-scenario-ing above). Although I agree that the Phantom was a tad nasally - and the plot itself was on speed (wait who is this Angel of the Night guy?!) - the woman playing Christine was incredible. Holy cow - to sing like that...
5	Duuun dun dun Phantom of the Oooperaaa!  This is an awesome show.  Very entertaining and funny at times.  Be aware though, you will be singing and humming their theme song for at least a week.
4	I am not a big theater/musical person, but this was pretty solid. The set is very integrated in to the whole theater space which makes for some dazzling effects. The actual acting and singing is about a 7/10, but they painted a beautiful picture with all the stage scenes. This included the Phantom propelling from the middle of the chandelier. This is definitely one of the better shows I have seen in Vegas.
3	Pros:The Theater was amazingThe Chandelier was fantasticMost of the singing was goodThe Music was well preformed. Cons:The singer who was the Phantom was weak, and seemed oldOverall I felt a lack of heart in the performers. It must get old doing this night after night. The crowd was so casual I wanted to throw up. Please people Tee shirts, shorts and sandals are not theater wear.
4	I've had a few friends here at home (one one Yelp-er) ask me about seating for this show.  Please keep in mind, this is the perspective of a Phantom lover who is also a theatre production-ist for smaller theatres...Seating at Phantom - I sat in the center Mezzanine and actually liked it.  I simply couldn't afford the lower level this time around, but as a bonus there is a second bar upstairs which was empty in comparison to the downstairs bar, plus I was able to see a lot more of the theatrics of Phantom above the stage and in the chandelier.  They also built out the balcony seats into part of the set.  That said, I think if you want to see the actors better, on the lower level I'd stay in an aisle, but in the AA - GG rows.  Then you won't be too far forward to miss the chandelier or too far back to be under the mezzanine.  Oh - and I should tell you that there is an understudy for Christine 2 nights a week, I believe it was Tuesday and Wednesday.  :)  Have fun!!!!
5	New owner of the Venetian?? Last show on 9/9/12??? What is GOING ON??? And Jersey Boys too?? And Dos Caminos??? WHAT IS HAPPENING TO MY FAVORITE HOTEL :(
5	Bring a sweater! Pretty chilly in the balcony. Totally loved sitting in the balcony. We were right in front of the chandelier. I thought it was a beautiful production with amazing sets. Pretty cool for Vegas. Worst part? Walking through the parade of drunken idiots in the Venetian.
5	I saw the movie before I saw this play, so it helped me get a better understanding of what the play is going to be about. Another reason is that I know that movies in general like to "paper" cut out a lot of things, so I know there's going to be some scenes that weren't shown in the movie. As being a musical play fanatic myself, my mom came with me and is not a musical play fanatic. I was worried she was going to watch it for 5 min, and then "ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ" in her seat but   NO! it never happened!     We sat in the 3rd row smacked in the middle of that row with one of best viewings. The musical was amazing! there was a lot of action, little horror, some suspense, little BOOM BOOM BAM EXCITING BANG. Fantastic actors with fantastic voices, the woman who played Carlotta was amazing I loved how she enunciated every word she sang.  Very unique scene set. I especially liked the 3D effects making audience involved with the story line.    I loved the costumes! for almost every scene there were actors wearing different festive, bright,sparkly costumes. There was no intermission with this musical, but it didn't matter because I couldn't even move out of my seat! Ever since the musical start, it super glued my behind to the chair. This was a great play! I'm so sad to know that they will be closing this play around September :c BOOO! So for all of you who are unsure if you want to see this play, GO FOR IT! NOWW! It will be gone after September!!
4	The effects are amazing but the story is hard to follow if u do not know the story yourself
5	I grew up listening to the music from Phantom of the Opera and this show is absolutely magnificent. It's extremely beautiful and perfectly captures the essence of the original. This was my second time seeing it as I wanted to catch it again before it ends, and my boyfriend wanted to see it as well. We sat in the first row on the mezzanine level, but the good thing is that it's hard to get a bad seat in the Phantom theatre. There were different actors playing the Phantom & Christine than last year but they did an exceptional job, the singing was spot on and the effects were as powerful as ever. My boyfriend and I enjoyed it immensely, and the set is absolutely stunning. I'm so sad that this show is ending, I would see it over and over again!
5	Wow, I didn't know there would be a Yelp category for this, but I'm not surprised.  The show was just amazing. I'd seen Phantom in 1990 with the original cast in Toronto at the Pantages Theater. That version cannot be trumped, but this was still really excellent.We saw the understudy for Christine, but she was really very good. However, we were in awe of the Phantom, Tony Crivello. He was so successful in being charming and creepy at the same time. What a smooth, melancholy/taunting voice.We had front row seats and at times felt like we were right in the middle of the action! What a wonderful experience.I would love to go back again before they close down in September!!!!!
5	Caveat - this is my first time seeing Phantom, though I am familiar with the story and soundtrack, so I cannot fully compare it to other productions of the show.But, I loved this.  The sets were, to me, amazing, above and beyond what I expect in any live theatre event.  Words do not do them justice.  The music and whatever the stage version of 'cinematography' is were terrific as well - the orchestra and vocals were perfectly paired, meaning that neither overpowered the other.  The cast was excellent.  One small nitpick for me is that despite Tony Crivello being a spectacular singer, to me I didn't think his vocal style is quite right for the part.  Let me 'splain - Christine is drawn to the Phantom based on his voice and his music.  His voice should be like a sirens song, at total odds with his face which scares off the shallow wench.  Michael Crawford fits this bill perfectly (yeah, I'm biased, I know).  His voice is aphrodisiac, it doesn't matter what he looks like, you kind of want to fall in love with him when you hear the sweetness in his voice.  Tony Crivello, while an excellent singer, put a creepy timbre into the part.  Which, although the Phantom *is* somewhat creepy -- shouldn't *sound* creepy, otherwise Christine would have shied away from him long before she yanked off his mask.  The other vocals I loved - Christine's, Raoul's, etc.  While I will always love Sarah Brightman this Christine had a beautiful voice that also sent shivers down my spine with its sweetness.There really isn't a bad seat as far as I can tell.  We were in the rear mezzanine and could see just fine.I am so glad I got to see this live at least once in my life.  If you've never seen Phantom live, and are in Vegas before it ends, do yourself a favor and go.
5	Great music, amazing production value.
4	Went to go see it last weekend. Aw man, it was amazing. I've seen Phantom at the Orpheum theatre in San Francisco, and this just blew it out of the water.The set was amazing. It was an incredible experience to watch a show that was specially designed for that stage. The chandelier scenes were absolutely breathtaking, I'm pretty sure I gasped loudly several times. The sets were also amazing, there must have been like 20 different scenes. It was great work. We also had pretty much the most amazing seats in the house, which made the experience that much better.If you are a Phantom fan, you need to go see this before they end on Sept 2. GO SEE IT! The only thing that differentiated this from a 4 to 5 star was the singing. No offense, the singing was good. Obviously I can't sing like it, and I'm not saying the singing was bad, but I was a little disappointed in the quality. I liked the singing from the Orpheum version better. Regardless, it was an amazing experience. The chandelier scene, the phantom's lair scene, the masquerade scene were the best. So awesome. Almost wish I could go again before it ends. I'm definitely trying to talk all of my family to go see it since they are all Phantom fans as well.
5	Outstanding.  This all I have to say.  I, as well fell in love with the singer who played Christina.  My, my, my...  Only one woman can swoon me like that, and that is my heartthrob honey.  My wife.But I was enthralled by it all as it played into my soul a deeper meaning of love.  Yes alas, love fought for...and love lost.  Love given by ultimatums, and taken by the path of less hassle.  Love of something needed from a standpoint of commonality but, once ventured into, produces a result  in entrapment.  Love and it's realization that there is a price to love.  Love gained and love lost.  It moved me. The vocals were pitch perfect and the acting (along with the stage production) was unparallelled to anything I have ever seen before on stage.Magnificent!     Hurry the last show for this production of these outstanding performers will be Sept 12, 2012.Oh and my fellow seekers of female allure...Take your heart throb to this play and bed spring  time my man.  Trust me,this is the "S" ticket, round trip.
5	This was my first time watching Phantom in theater. At first I was just like "Oh nice, there's a huge prop of a fallen chandelier, but everything else about the theater was just nothing spectacular. My seat was in the 3rd row, middle section of the orchestra. The distance was like I was in the first few rows of mezzanine. The theater wasn't too steep so if you're short, you might be blocked by the people in front of you.As the musical went on, the walls changed, the decorations of the theater made it look like the Paris Opera House. My whole experience watching Phantom was like musical-ception...musical inside a musical! I think this was the first time I was so into the plot, like I was an actual audience at the Opera House, as if I was there while the storyline was happening. The Phantom Theater was just amazing. When I thought the Orpheum in SF was simply beautiful, the theater setup inside Venetian changed my whole experience.I'm not an expert at commenting the details of all the songs and vocals. I did enjoy the entire musical, especially the male casts. Beautiful voices that gave me chills! Definitely a great experience to watch a classic!
5	By Far The best show I've ever seen. Everything of the show is controlled so perfectly. When you stand in line everything is organized and they get you in with a timely manner. The help you find your seat. The inside is so beautiful and so elegant, and its truly amazing. The actors are carried themselves very well and preformed fantastic.When I left I couldn't get over how beautiful the stage was set, how the effects made us feel like it was all real, and that I couldn't stop talking about the grace of the show. I heard they are closing the show down this year, its a shame. I hope to have another chance to go before they stop one of the best shows in Vegas.
5	First of all, let me start off by saying that I am a HUGE fan of Phantom of the Opera! It's one of the very few musical/operas that I love. This production of it really knocked it out of the park!!! I was so happy that I finally got to see it! The singer/actress that played Christine did a phenomal job! So did the guy who portrayed the Phatom! I was so in love with the music and the props it made for a fantastic 90 minutes! Money well spent!!! I would definitely say that this show is among the top 5 shows I would love to see again in Vegas, unfortunately it is ending on Sept 2, 2012. So, if you are planning on seeing it you had better get there within the next two months! Again, I LOVE LOVED LOVED this show!!!! CONGRATS!
5	Wow. Incredible show, great effects, lovely singing. I'd never seen phantom before and I was not disappointed! I seriously would recommend the show to anyone. I wish it had been a little longer, I mean..the show was amazing...I wanted more! Haha the theater was gorgeous and the temperature was cool enough to be quite comfortable the whole time.Dress up for it, it makes it more fun:) and be early for seating. When they say it starts at 7 they mean it. If you don't want to have to wait five minutes all the way in the back under the balcony with a crowd of late people, be early.I honestly would go see it again if I could find the time to get back out there. Totally worth it. But definitely use a coupon code! Saves you a pretty penny!
5	I've never seen Phantom before, but I took my boyfriend for his birthday because he wanted to see if before it left Vegas.  I was VERY pleasantly surprised.  The show was seriously amazing, I would see it again in a heartbeat.  And this theatre is small, so there really isn't a bad seat in the house.  They upgraded us when we got there to sit closer and underneath the chandelier.  We had a great time, highly recommended, worth every penny!
5	I saw this this a couple of days ago on saturday and I am still in awe up to this moment. Right in the beginning when the chandelier pieces started forming in mid air, I knew I was in for a real treat. The singing, the production and the acting were superb! I would to see this show again before it ends in Sept. A must see!
5	The "Phantom" is leaving the Venetian in just about a month (September 2) which means that the hotel will be without a soundtrack to blast absolutely EVERYWHERE. Seriously, if you're staying at the Venetian you might start hating "Music of the Night" after hearing it in the elevator for the 10th time. I've seen the Phantom twice, two years go and last weekend and both performances were fantastic. I've sat both 4 rows from the front and in the first row of mezzanine level and honestly the mezzanine seating is preferable because much of the spectacle takes place on the sides of the stage and above it (Spoiler: The giant chandelier will become important). This is  a show that you'll come for the music and stay for the spectacle. The theater is a reproduction of the legendary Paris Opera house and the Venetian production uses more special effects than any show you'll find on Broadway. The cast is talented and what's most impressive is that they have the perform the whole piece twice a day at 7.00 and again at 9.30 with only a 45 minute break. It's clear that the Venetian wants to make the most of this show while it's still at the hotel and you'll be pleased to know that the alternates only perform on Wednesday and Thursday meaning that you're almost certain to see the best possible line-up.Tip: If you're staying at the Venetian you get a 20 percent off ticket in the packet you receive at check-in but, better you, if you stop by a Tix4Tonight outlet (they're everywhere along the Strip) you could find tickets for 30-50 percent off.
5	I already had very high expectations for this show, especially after hearing how the theatre was built specifically for the show, but can I say wow! A spectacular indeed!My absolute favorite part of the show was the overture. Just hearing the organ blast through the speakers while the chandelier assembles is a spectacular all its own, especially with everything else happening around the entire theatre. The cast is superb. Kristen as Christine is fantastic. However, I was not very fond of Anthony Crevillo as the Phantom. His acting is rich and genuine, but I did not like his singing voice too much, and there were several moments where I could not understand him, but I let it slide because I was still overwhelmed with the production as a whole. Another small critique is that Masquerade felt really short. I understand that they cut off a lot of material, but I felt like it deserved a much longer presence. Also, you could hear them disassembling the staircase during the next scene which kind of took away from the solemn moment. Overall, it is a beautiful and magnificent show well-deserving of its praise and accolades. I'm sad to hear it is go, but I am glad to have seen it. It was definitely worth the trip to Vegas just to watch it.
5	I highly recommend seeing this show before it closes down in September. The theater was stunning and the music was beautiful. However, for people who don't like the music... my friend was dying and couldn't wait for it to end.
5	Just saw it for the 2nd time...and the special effects still blow my mind!Since the show is leaving on Sept 2nd, I decided to take my parents and sister to watch this spectacular musical. Everyone was thoroughly impressed.My favorite part of the show was the underground scene, where the phantom takes Christine to see his world. The music, special effects, acting were just superb. I really hope The Venetian finds another awesome musical to replace this one...but it will be difficult since The phantom set the bar so high.*If you look around online, there should be a promotion for 2 tickets for $99*
5	I just came back from a Vegas trip where i saw Phantom at the Venetian, and i'm glad i did because Phantom is ending on September 2, 2012.My wife and I got section 11 seats which was like balcony seats in the center, which was not bad for the price we paid, because they had some special effects that i don't want to ruin it for anybody that hasn't seen it yet, but it happens in the auditorium and i'm sure if i sat down in the orchestra level, my neck would probably strain looking up, but since we were so far up already, we saw the effect and didn't have to strain our necks to see it. What was exciting about the show was that it was so real. The music was played by an actual orchestra with a conductor (waving his arms around w/ a baton), which was awesome, cause you can hear the realness in the music, rather than something played from speakers. The performers were more than excellent... the voices, super awesome. I've always been a fan of the music and songs of the Phantom of the Opera, but just the way they sang it, with the classical music to supplement, was too good. One of my favorite parts was when the Phantom took Christine down to the underground to his layer, the special effects were awesome bacause they use smoke to fill the groundlevel of the stage, so it look like they were underground, and they rowed around in what made it look like they were in some kind of boat. Overall, the story line was excellent, the talented people, the music, the singing was very overwhelming (in a good way), and makes you appreciate opera at its best. Young children would probably not appreciate this as much as older children and adults.If you haven't seen it, you have 1/2 month left to go see it! I probably wouldn't see it again because this time was so good, that i wouldn't want to go another time, and have comparison to it.
5	What an amazing show! We got seats in the "Golden Circle" which are a bit more expensive but extremely worth it--I personally think it makes a difference when you can see the performers' faces and expressions (I have poor eyesight). I definitely think you should go see this show before it leaves forever. The stage is brilliantly designed--at a price-tag of $40 million dollars, I suppose it should be brilliant. The performers are extremely talented and the music is both thrilling and moving. You truly get lost in the experience. This show is a visual delight and an audio pleasure. Please go see it!
5	My first vegas show! HOLY COW i loved it! We wanted to make to see the show before it left Vegas.  I am so happy my boyfriend obliged! We headed out to tickets for tonight and got tickets for a fairly good price.  We had the cheap seats but the cheap seats were AMAZING.  I think my mouth was open the entire time (please no lewd/rude comments)  If you sit in the cheap seats you get to see the chandelier do tis thing! If you're heading out to Vegas soon please make an effort to see Phantom! You won't regret it
5	What a treat.  One of the best shows I've seen in Vegas.I've seen the touring version of this show, but this was amazing.  The effects were mind blowing compared to the tours.The cuts from 120 minutes to 95 minutes didn't affect the story.It's closing very soon and certainly was one of the most expensive shows with very few discounts available.  Even tix2night was really about 30%.
5	Absolutely phenomenal.I was able to land front row and center seats which made for an intimate experience. If you've seen the full-length broadway production of POTO, keep in mind that this is a condensed version that has been tailored to fit Vegas. That being said, Phantom was all that I had anticipated it to be and more. It was engaging, stimulating, and fast-paced.Incredible customized theatre modeled after the Paris Opera House. Outstanding aesthetics and special effects (the moving chandelier, fantastic!). The seamless transition from one scene to the next left me thoroughly impressed. The music was powerful and moving. Overall, a beautifully executed show with a stellar cast.Show ends on September 2nd. Au revoir, Phantom!
4	***400th review!!!***I swear it took forever to get to this 400th review.....For my birthday I wanted to see Phantom in Las Vegas.  I read it was leaving town September 2nd and I had already missed Phantom of the Opera at the Pantages theater in Hollywood years ago.  This was not happening again.My ever so loving mom got us tickets for Monday night at 9:30pm.  I chose the Mezzanine section at the top because they had a code on their website for a nice discount.  However, there are no bad seats in the house.  I'm short so I didn't need floor seats where I'm constantly trying to move around and see through people's heads anyone. Front row seats are overrated.The set for Phantom was AMAZING.  Every review I read mentioned the chandelier and I will say, yes it does play an important role.  It was beautiful. I read in some reviews that I'd need a tissue because it would be sad.  Maybe I'm not sensitive enough but I did cry one bit.  I wasn't even bummed out.  Perhaps I wasn't connected? :/I wanted to buy some memorabilia from Phantom (especially since I love masks) but they really didn't have much to choose from.  The shirts were just meh and I didn't see any masks.Afterwards, a bit of the singing stuck with me. I couldn't remember any other words but at any moment I would bust out with "Christiiiiiiine!" in the Phantom's singing voice haha
5	I'm glad I was able to experience Phantom before it closes down this weekend. I love the music from Phantom of the Opera, so I would've been very content to just close my eyes and listen to those fabulous voices bring the music alive.But take my word for it, keep your eyes open and enjoy the action and the story line of the Las Vegas version of the Broadway play Phantom of the Opera. The special effects were outstanding. The music and singing was spectacular. Although I wasn't a fan of the grave yard scene when they shortened "Wishing you were somewhere here again". But overall, I thought the story moved very quickly and was entertaining. In other words, you weren't always checking the time to see when the show was going to end. I brought a couple of rookies with me that have never seen a theatre production. They were blown away and really enjoyed themselves.
5	Magical!  Chills!  Absolutely amazing!We were lucky enough to get tickets to the final performance.  Once that music started, I had chills all over.  This was a great production of Phantom and I was not disappointed.  I'm very happy we saw it before it ended, and the final show!
5	It would get six stars if it was available!  FANTASTIC!On this trip to Vegas, the first in over 12 years, I really wanted to see this show.  Being that my wife wanted to see Celine, our 21 yr old son wanted to also attend with me.  Since he participated in the theater group in high school, I thought I'd spurge for decent tickets and got front row, stage left, right off the aisle.  Wonderful vantage point!Once the production begins with the music, special effects, costuming, etc., we were simply memorized.  Both of us are so sad that this performance has now gone dark at the Venetian, as we are already planning our next visit and wished there were more Broadway type performances like the Phantom.  (We're just not into the Cirque du Soleil type shows.)  It was a pleasure to see such a fantastic production and luckily it has burned an image into our memories that hopefully will last a while!
5	The theater for the "Phantom of the Opera" was nicely modeled after the Paris Opera House. The show and cast was outstanding. The special effects including the moving chandelier was fantastic. The music was powerful and moving. Absolutely phenomenal! Venetian Phantom Theater - Las Vegas, NV - Tue, Aug 28, 2012 Favorite moment: The Chandelier Movements
5	I have fallen in love with a musical, and I thought I'd already fallen for this particular musical years ago.  Amazing architecture, fantastic special effects, incredible performances.  Wow! My only regret? That it took me so terribly long to actually make it here (and even worse, I'm a local), and now it's gone.  But let's hope it makes a return soon!
5	I've been in love with this story ever since I was a little girl, so this was a dream come true. The show BLEW ME AWAY. It exceeded all my expectations both with production value and the talented cast. Certain scenes were painfully beautiful, and took my breath away.
5	I'm glad to have watched this show before the show ended in the Venetian and at first I wasn't looking forward to watch this show but my friend was a huge fan of Phantom the Opera and I wasn't but since I made her watch that Monty Python show at the Wynn. LOLThe theater is a far walk from the hotel lobby right around the smokey casino so you can be tempted to gamble while walking through the slot machines which worked on me. :(  The theater is designed as an old 15th - 16th century stage that resembling the Phantom era which was pretty neat and romantic IMO and they had a huge chandelier above the middle of the audience, we all seen that before right? :oSince the original Phantom of the opera show was 3 - 5 hours and that being in Vegas, the showtime had to be cut to 1.5 hours 1 1/2 Vegas time. The sound and lighting helped enhance the production. Acting was what you would expect in a London or New York production, and lastly the chandelier falling down on the audience was unexpected since your distracted on what's going on stage and around the theater but was a lot of fun. I even took my parents to watch Phantom of the Opera, my Mom loved it but my Dad unfortunately fell asleep and.blamed it.on the dim lighting and soft music. LOL But he's more into the casino but me I'm more into shows and nightlife. It's sad this show has now left the Venetian and I'm glad I had the opportunity to watch this show twice.I like to now admit that I am a Phantom of the Opera fan but not a huge fan but I love their music and soft melodies and those are one of the reasons it's so romantic.
5	Really really enjoyed watching this show. The music is just so dreamy and the theatre is so beautiful. I think we saw it some time last year, so this post is quite late. However, in any case, my love and I had an amazing time. Can't wait to go back to Vegas and see more shows!
