5	Best pizza I've ever eaten!  I love that's it served by the slice ~ the size of ONE slice of Sal's Pizza is the size of TWO regular  pizza slices. It's hard for me to eat one slice it's so big. The crust is thin and crispy with THICK edges ~ talk about the best possible combination!  My personal farovite favor is garlic and tomato. I have to STOP going for a while ~ I feel quite addicted and my pants are fitting tighter.  I have watched the movie ' Eat, Pray, Love'  three times just to watch Julia Roberts eat a pizza that she absolutely loves ~ she looks the way I feel when I eat Sal's Pizza. Bottomline: I LOVE the pizza, I PRAY I don't gain tooooo much more weight as I continue to EAT the best pizza ever. Blessings to the franchise owner ~ the owner and staff are friendly. The facility is very clean and the price is ridiculously cheap. :) KC
4	Proper NY-style pizza, made to be eaten NY-style, folded in half.  One slice will do ya, since they're each one-quarter of a 19-inch pizza.  They have over a dozen options pre-made for buying by the slice, and service for whole pizzas is fast.  Mine was ready in 20  minutes.Also, I like that they have three tiers of pricing for toppings.  I definitely recommend stopping in here, whether it's for a slice or a whole pizza.
4	Great variety at a great price. Slices can be overwhelming in size, but by the end you are finishing it. Don't stop at the pizza though, the wings are great.
5	Pizza slices the size of a small volkswagon.
4	I love me a giant slice of pizza.  One of those slices that is fit for folding like I was in New York City.  Oddly enough Sal's is based out of Boston!The slices are 1/4 of a 19" pie.  They offer the standards as well as a few specialties and "Salzones". Sal's delivers the goods.  I was very impressed with my pepperoni slice.  The pizza is good and they are open late which is a Godsend for me.
4	I was actually looking for a sandwich shop next door when I stumbled across Sal's.  The sandwich shop was closed but the smell from Sal's permeated the air so I thought I'd give it a try.  I opted for one of Sal's famous 1 lb. calzones.  Yes, this thing was the size of a duffle bag!  It was 4-star good!  They don't skimp on the stuffing, the crust was tasty, and the sauce tasted very home-made.  They had several pizzas by the slice for sale, each one looked very yummy and as reported by others, the slices are giant!!  Overall, the food was good, the staff was friendly, the place was very clean, and locals must like it too because there was a steady stream of people picking up orders.  I'm giving it 4 stars because, while quite good, it wasn't the "best" I've ever had and the atmosphere was lacking a little.
3	Haven't tried their pizza, but I do have a thing or two to say about their cannolis!Going on 10 months, I've had this insatiable craving for a cannoli. The last time I had one was in NYC 3 years ago, so I've been looking for a place that has them. Not like at an actual sit down italian restaurant where I need to buy dinner before I can have one (and there aren't many places with them on the menu), so when I found out Sal's had them, you can imagine how excited I was. Granted they're not as good as the ones in a New York or Boston italian bakery, but they came pretty close. The only downside was that the shell tasted pre-packaged, but the inside was pretty awesome - and it finally satisfied that craving!Haven't tried the pizza yet, but it looked pretty awesome.
5	If you are from New England and live in the desert now and miss good pizza, look no further than Sal's! Big crust on the edges, thin crust on the bottom, large slices you have to fold in half, yep its all there! I like a plain old school cheese pizza but if your looking for more options they have those too. Best of all is price. $11 for a 19 inch cheese pizza these days is one of the best deals for real pizza.
1	I have tried to call Sal's a few times and they area always "closing" or won't deliver a few miles away.  If you are close and it is dinner time, great.  If not, don't bother.
2	I have been looking forward to trying sals since they opened a few months ago - I live just a few blocks away.Grabbed a slice today. It was really disappointing - crust was not fully cooked and there was not nearly enough cheese... several bites were just sauce and doughy crust. Bummer.
3	So me and my Boy Doyle go to Sal's for lunch one day.  We get inside and we're like 'oh my god is that a 19'' pizza for TEN BUCKS? Oh no,' so we order it.  And what do we do?  WE DESTROY IT.  Ate the whole thing.  But all in all, it wasn't great, but i mean it was a ton of food for $10.  Sauce could be a lot better.  The guy working there was legit.
1	Just called to place an order for delivery and asked for a moment to pick out a pizza topping. Immediately the man on the phone said "I'm sorry, I don't have time for that." and hung up. When I called back he said, "I don't have time" and hung up the phone-- AGAIN! Could be the best pizza in the world, but your company just lost our business. Thanks for treating us like such valued customers. Your manager will be hearing from us.
1	The person answering the phone might be the single worst employee I've ever encountered. I asked to order a delivery and he said, "I'm too busy" and hung up the phone. When I called back (mostly in disbelief that a business would hang up on a customer) he and asked if he wanted another attempt at my business, "I'm sorry you feel that way bye" and hung up immediately.
2	Its okay, I was not really sold on the whole idea that their pizza is similar to that of the quality of pizza from back east.  And I also don't know why they insist on giving ranch with every order.
1	This place is pretty pathetic - first of all they are from Boston and as every each coast person knows, Boston does not how to make a pizza pie. They should stick to chowder. Actually, that wasn't even my main issue as I never ordered a giganto slice.         Checking the menu online in my car before entering, I saw that they had a large variety of calzones and "salzones" Well after entering and seeing one asian girl texting behind the counter, I asked for a menu which wasn't necessary because this location has only pizza - no salads or subs or anything else. How is this possible that at 8pm, there were just a few paltry slices in the case and no other food at all, despite the large menu online? Sal's is out to lunch and this place is embarrassing. What a joke. Boston pizza...lol.
5	BEST PIZZA IN TEMPE ARIZONA!!!!!I have known the owner for about 3 years and they by far have the best pizza in the east valley. I'm from New Jersey, so I know good pizza. One slice of pizza equals a quarter of a whole pizza. and for UNDER 5 DOLLARS !!!!
5	I really feel bad for the Yelpers who have reviewed this place with less than 5 stars. I am very sorry...for you and your bad experience. Look, this place Sal's pizza has been around for a few years now. It was originally in Chandler (where I first discovered it) ....and me, an East coast girl who is still adapting to the West coast, I would appreciate some good pizza. Sals has the best pizza I have tasted so far in Arizona. Conveniently, Sals moved locations to Tempe so it's closer to me so I'm a happy gal all over again.
1	These guys are total creeps. Their service BLOWS and their pizza is AVERAGE at best. Tonight I tried ordering a pizza for delivery and the guy on the phone was a total moron. The delivery driver ending up getting lost, and then called me and told me that I "sucked"... STAY AWAY FROM THE JERKS...
1	moved here a month ago from Mass and I wouldn't feed the pizza here to my dog. NOTHING like the real thing from the North End. the dude behind the counter didnt even want to make the pizza I ordered and kept trying to get me to buy the pizza in the case that had been sitting there for who knows how long.....-_- all set w this place.
4	I recently moved back to the East Valley (Tempe) not too long ago & had since been searching for a good pizza joint close to where I live. One evening, I found Sal's Pizza as I was walking around my new neighborhood & decided to stop in, since I have a serious weakness for 'New York'-style pizza. I ordered a 'combo' slice (I was informed as I was placing my order that one slice of pizza at Sal's is actually one 1/4 of a whole 19" inch pie) & a drink (the only fountain drink cup size they offer is 20 oz. though - what gives, Sal?).      My food was delivered to me at my table piping-hot, & I was pleasantly surprised to see that the 'slice' took two standard paper plates to contain it all! I was politely offered glass shakers of parmesan cheese & hot pepper flakes & then I dug in. The sourdough, hand stretched pizza crust was thin, crispy & chewy, the sauce & cheese were both delicious, & my slice was smothered with pepperoni, green peppers, onions & black olive goodness!     I've been back to Sal's numerous times since my initial visit, & the pizza has been consistently good, every time! I've only eaten the pizza at Sal's, but they do have other pizza joint menu standards, such as calzones, salads, desserts & such. Warning - there's only one restroom for both men & women to share, so if it's crowded in the restaurant & you've got to go badly, you may be in for an uncomfortable wait to use the facilities. The front windows in the tiny dining area face out to Apache Blvd. for decent people-watching opportunities while you eat!      The staff working here are primarily college kids, & they enjoy cranking up the restaurants sound system, but, no big deal. There's one flat-screen TV mounted on the wall (which was tuned into a sporting event every time I've been in there). They also have a huge, upright, old school 'Big Game Hunter' video game in there to the right of the main doorway, which seems out of place to me, considering the usable floor space they're working with in there.      Sal's does offer delivery as well, but only after 5pm or so, from what I was told by the counter staff. This is seriously 'wicked good' pizza at an inexpensive price, & definitely my new favorite 'go-to' local pizza joint here in Tempe!
4	Personally I love this place ! The pizza is actually good ! The 18' pizza which is HUGE is a decent price in my opinion ! The staff is very friendly and they are close with each other ! There very organized and the environment is very cozy ! I have been going here since they opened and there hasn't been one time where I had horrible experience !
5	This place rules. The lil blonde kid JD was really courteous & friendly despite us coming in right before closing. The pizza was great as were the cannollis. Will definitely be coming back here again!
4	Just tried Sal's recently. I really liked the pizza, and the breadsticks were good as well. Yes, the place is run by ASU students, but it's right in the heart of Tempe, so what do you expect? I can't really comment on their rudeness because I didn't experience it. I called to ask about delivery, and then called again when I got lost because google maps takes you to a completely different place. They were nice and helpful, and told me how to find them. I picked up my pizza and the guy working when I picked it up was polite. I'd definitely go back.
