5	When it comes to tailoring or altering the tailor has to know what they are doing and do it well.  For me, getting a $150 pair of military trousers altered, I wanted to know that the person doing the alterations was going to listen to what I needed done.  Susan, does know what she is doing and she believes that her customers are the boss.  She will listen and offer great customer service with that.  I called multiple alterations shops in the valley that had been recommended to me by my military buddies and all of them were either in Phoenix or Scottsdale.  I did not have to drive 30 min to get my alterations done and that is a big plus.  Lastly, she only charged me $12 and it took her only 15 min to get my trousers altered and looking good.  I am recommending her to all of my military   buddies that live in the East Valley.
5	I was in desperate need of an alterations person for my wedding dress and my wedding date was only a few weeks away. All I needed was the waist to be taken in and a bustle. Every place that I called to get a quote would either tell me that they couldn't help me out (I'm guessing it was because I didn't buy my dress from them), the price they quoted was so outrageous that I wouldn't be able to afford to get my dress altered or they would need 5-8 weeks to finish the alterations. So after asking around, Susan Marie's Tailors came highly recommended to me from a friend who had her wedding dress altered by her. So I called her, she answered (which was another problem I was running into) and I went over there a few days later for my fitting...a week later I went to pick up my dress and while I was late getting there, Susan still fit me in and my dress fit PERFECT! The bustle is beautiful, and you can't tell anything was done to the dress...which is EXACTLY how it should look! And AFFORDABLE!! I would recommend her to ANYONE who needs a tailor.
5	I have used Susan Marie tailoring for over 5 years. She has a fantastic creative eye that allows her to identify & resolve tailoring issues. Effecient, prices are reasonable and comparable  to current market.  Susan listens to customer ideas, and pays attention to detail. I have will recommend her to anyone.
5	I needed to get a dress taken in for an upcoming event.  I looked to yelp to find a tailor and found Susan Marie just steps from my house.   She was able to get me in within a day or two.  My dress was done in under a week!The finished result is amazing.   Susan Marie has excellent customer service and ensures the job is done right.   She was very flexible with scheduling.  I am looking forward to having Susan Marie complete more tailoring for me in the future.
5	Highly recommended! I needed an experienced seamstress in Chandler area (near my work) to alter my wedding dress. I found Susan Marie through online searches. After reading all the reviews and checking out pictures of her works, I decided to make an appointment with her. My dress was a size 2 regular and had to be altered to size 00 petite. She said that it will be done in two weeks. I went back two weeks later and my dress was ready. She made the dress look like it's made just for me. The fact that she accomplished that only in one fitting, makes it even more amazing. The quality of her work was superb. I was relieved, especially after hearing a lot of horror stories on alteration gone horribly wrong. I'm glad that I chose her service. The whole experience was pleasant. She's friendly and she knew what to do. On my wedding day, everybody complemented my dress. They had no idea that it used to slide down my body because it was way too big for me. I highly recommend her and I've been recommending her service to everybody I know. Thank you Susan Marie!
4	When an unscrupulous dress shop sold me (waaaay too trusting!) a dress WAY too big for my daughter for prom, we needed help quick!  Susan Marie got us in quickly.  Even she was shocked at how huge the dress was and told us she basically had to rebuild the pleated bodice.  She promised to have it done in time and at a reasonable price.  We showed up to try it on and it was amazing how well it fit!  With the pleats, it gapped a little, but she fixed it while we were there.  She was able to get it done, stood by her estimate, and my daughter had a great time at her prom!  Thanks for saving a "dress illiterate" Mom!!!
5	Susan Marie was fantastic!  She altered my daughter's prom dress and did an amazing job.  It was quite a bit of altering and, as promised, she finished the dress in one week.  Would definitely recommend Susan Marie to friends and family!
5	I bought this very cute summery top that was cotton in the front and a chiffon in the back, well I wore it once then threw it in the wash because wouldn't you know it, wear something new and you're bound to stain it! Anywho took it out of the wash and went to wear it only to find a hole in the side, the seams had come undone! Well I wasn't about to just throw it away so I googled seamtreses in Chandler and found Susan. I texted her and immediately got a response. She saw me that day, quoted me for $10. When I got there she did more than $10 work and  didn't charge me an extra cent. All in all I will be a returing customer, very friendly and welcoming. Would definatly recommend.
5	So very pleased with Susan's service.  I had a bridesmaid dress that needed 3 layers of material hemmed.  I was freaking out, because I did not try the dress on ahead of time and only had 1 day left until the wedding.  I found Susan on Yelp and texted her quite early in the morning.  She got back to me immediately.  She was able to get me in that day and had the dress ready in under 24 hours.  What a relief- it turned out perfect!
5	Susan Marie was fantastic! I had military uniform pants I needed hemmed. Not only did she hem them at the perfect length but she also reinforced the stitch and made the hem look very professional. That way I don't have to worry about the hem snagging or wearing out. She works from her home but it is a very inviting and professional setting with a clear distinction from living and work space. She is very personable and really took my opinion and my needs into account. I will be coming to her for all future tailoring needs.
4	Just a little FYI- Susan is so good that iIf you need something altered during the "wedding season" (which seems to be September thru May) I would give her a good, solid 6 - 8 weeks to fit you into her schedule and get you taken care of. I made the mistake of dragging my feet on a bridesmaids dress that I needed altered for a September wedding and now I'm having to search around for someone else! Eeek! I hope I can find someone as good as Susan!
5	Susan Marie was so helpful and wonderful to work with. She altered my wedding dress and then I lost about 10lbs and she altered the dress again! She always had the dress ready when said it would be - and she was so lovely to work with!! Thank you so much for making me look so gorgeous in my wedding dress!!
5	Susan saved the day for my 10 year old son. My son's Little League Jersey was an Adult medium and he wears a Youth medium. The Jersey was given to him on a Thursday night and he needed it Saturday morning for Team pictures. I contacted Susan and my son and I went and met her on Friday morning. By Friday evening the Jersey was fixed and looked better than it did when we first got it. She even did some extra work for my sons comfort. Susan is the BEST I have even worked with.
5	Growing up with a Nana that had a room dedicated for sewing makes me only appreciate even more the professionalism and service from Susan Marie.  I literally showed up 5 hours prior to my sisters wedding with pants that needed a hem put in and while I would of completely understood if Susan Marie passed because she was closed or just because I did not have an appointment I appreciate that she went above and beyond to help.I was out of options coming from out of town and I really appreciate the double stitching Susan Marie did to fix the hem on my suit.  Thank god you can do a search on Maps on your phone and fine someone with such a solid reputation.  Thank you again.  Rick  R.
