5	We've been to this place twice now. The first time was using a voucher for dinner for two. Unlike some places, this place did not restrict what you may or may not order. The portions were not any smaller than had you come in without the voucher. The second time we went was without a voucher. The restaurant is beautiful and chic (not the typical thing you'd expect from a Vietnamese restaurant). The service was professional. They were not slow, but were informative with respect to their menu. Our server never let our water glass go below the last 1/3 line, which is also uncommon for most Asian restaurants. I know some people may think that a place like this would not serve authentic Vietnamese food - WRONG! I loved the mango salad. Though its hard for me to admit, it's even better than the one my mom makes (sorry mom). And their Bun Bo Hue was made to my liking, pork hock and all. The meat was succulent.  The only thing was it was a bit oily than what I normally liked. Nonetheless, delicious and I would order it again. My husband had a caramelized fish in a pot dish with a side of rice and it was soooo yummy. The second time we were there, he ordered the chicken with peanuts. It was ok, in my opinion, but I wouldn't order it with so many other great choices. Did I mention its a BYOW? It is. Make sure you make reservations for weekends. We made that mistake the last time we were there. We arrived at the restaurant at 7:00 pm on a Friday evening and the place was packed. The hostess kindly told us they are fully booked, but there is a table available if we wish to be seated, but would have to leave before 8:30 when the reserved table is required. Now that's a bonus in my book. Trying to be accommodating to us and informing that we'd have to leave before the party arrives, which is considerate of the party with the reservations. We took up on the offer and the food came out quickly so we were able to finish within the hour. While we were paying (the server will come to you; you don't have to line up at the till), she kindly reminded us that it's best to make reservations, especially on the weekend as she wouldn't want us to have to drive there and not be able to get a spot. Last but not least, some may think a place like this would be overpriced, but to be honest, it's not. There were a few dishes that maybe $0.75 more than other places, but really? That's nothing compared to the service you receive. As I've mentioned in another post, good food and good service are important to us and we'd be willing to drive the distance. So it IS possible to have a beautiful restaurant that serves authentic Vietnamese dishes at a reasonable price. I hope this team of friends will keep up the good work and be around for a very long time as this type of place is very rare. Can't wait till we go visit them again.
3	The place had a nice atmosphere, the decor is definitely up a notch from the usual Asian restaurant settings. But the food is not quite enough to steal Pho Lien's special place in my heart.We came here for my birthday dinner because I love love love Vietnamese food. We had a voucher for $40, which was quite a lot for two people. For appetizers, we got springroll (2), goi cuon (1) and vietnamnese style dumplings (banh bot loc). The springroll was good, not greasy but the inside sticks to each other and lost the usual hydrated fluffiness. The goi cuon had no vermicelli but plenty of cucumber and herbs for the flavor, no complaints from me since I like my goi cuon with minimal vermicelli but I don't think this is the norm. This is the first time I had vietnamnese dumplings and they didn't impress me in term of the flavors and execution, maybe I'm biased towards the Chinese style juicy dumplings. The main dishes were much better though, I had the com suon - pork chop with rice (and fresh veggies), the pork chop is quite good, made with plenty of marinate, cooked to perfect tenderness. The rice is standard with rice, fresh vegetables and fish sauce. Boyfriend got the chicken with peanut curry sauce, I had a taste and it was pretty okay - quite peanuty! Overall, the food is pretty standard, good price with the voucher but Pho Lien is still the #1 in my heart.
