5	I would highly recommend Sam and Wyman Mortuary. We looked at another one first but his family owned business was a much better value vs. the corporate run organizations. His personal attention to detail and prompt return phone calls eased our anxiety during the loss of my father. Prices are affordable. Staff is friendly and knowledgeable. Everything went smoothly and this is the only place we will be recommending for years to come.
5	We used Wyman's based on a recommendation. It was a good recommendation! The owner Ken Wyman was nothing like what you hear about in the funeral business. My Dad passed and Mom and he had discussed exactly what they had wanted years ago. When we went in she said what she wanted and he obliged us and did not try to up sell one bit. We even noticed from a previous experience elsewhere that his Burial Urns were substantially less expensive than we saw elsewhere several years ago. Accommodating and professional. They would get a sixth star if it were available.I'm pretty sure that you can't do better anywhere than Wyman's.
5	The staff was professional, kind and everything we hoped they would be. The Wyman staff showed compassion and utmost sensitivity, we did not feel pressured or taken advantage of. Their prices are clear, concise and without hidden fees. I felt that they were an honest company and their website clearly communicated their services and pricing.
5	I chose Wyman's from a list of cremation services recommended by the Arizona Funeral Alliance. I could not have made a better choice. These people were as kind as could be, professional, and did not push me to buy anything other than what I came in for. We had a lovely discussion about life and I realized this was not so much a business but a true calling in life. Wonderful experience at a very sad time.
5	I found Wyman's through a recommendation from a friend, and I am so glad I chose them to handle everything. My dad unexpectedly passed away, and I have NO experience at all on what is normal in terms of costs, things that I need to know, etc. When I was calling around, I found that the majority of funeral homes were ranging from $1,400-$2,500 for a direct cremation. Wyman's is only $699 base cost for the exact same services!! They only thing that is additional are the death certificates(which are a consistent price no matter where you go since they are from the county) and an urn that is of your choosing on how elaborate or as simple as you may like. They are family owned and don't have a large staff that requires the extra cost for the same things. You're not giving up any sort of quality through their lower price point, you're getting great service where they truly appreciate and value the customer and this difficult life event. They are compassionate, thorough and they don't try to take advantage of a delicate situation. They never once tried to up sell me on anything. Even when it came to the death certificates, I was told by someone that I needed to order 15 extra, and Sam actually told me that I won't need that many since most places don't keep the original! He didn't need to tell me that, but he did, and I really appreciated it. They were so easy to work with, and made me feel completely confident in how everything was being handled. They explain everything that you may not quite understand and take care of all of the paperwork. They truly helped make a tragic situation the best it could be. I hope I won't be back for years to come, but I will definitely highly recommend their services to anyone who may be in need. It's an honest, solid run business and I am so grateful that I chose them.
