5	Never in my Yelp career have I started, saved, deleted and restarted a review more than I have this Bashas review. One would think "This is just a grocery store, why all the trouble?"Bashas is more than just a grocery store; it is a facilitator. A facilitator of what we need as consumers to fuel our lives and contribute to our happy memories or to help us wash away the bad ones. Bashas facilitated the best Champagne Sunday that ever existed. It has provided the chlorine that I so desperately needed so many times to keep my pool from going green. Here I found the curry paste that started my affinity for cooking. The cake that ended up all over my living room at my sister's 21st birthday? That's right: Bashas.So many events and critical moments in our lives revolve around the tangible items we spend our hard earned cash on and we don't even realize it. We may complain about how long we have to stand in line or the fact that Bashas may be a tad more expensive than some other grocery stores, but we cannot deny that we need this Bashas. I need you, Bashas.
2	I have been to this Bashas' a few times.. Two of the times we swore we would never go back. Once was when the manager was talking trash about an employee to the bagger that was right in front of us. The ENTIRE time we were checking out. He was so rude. The other time was when two employees were going on and on about their sex lives as they were checking us out. Pretty unprofessional if you ask me. The prices aren't too competitive, although I liked the Bashas in North Phoenix a lot when I lived there. It was worth the extra few dollars. But this one definitely is not. I would prefer Fresh and Easy, which is right across the street.
2	I'm torn. They have great deals at times, like buy 1 get 2 free packages of boneless skinless chicken breasts. But they also have crappy bread and produce, last time I went there the strawberries I bought that looked fine rotted within a day, the tortillas all stuck together and the bread went moldy. I didn't save my receipt because I have never had to return anything to a grocery store before.. I guess I will limit my shopping to frozen foods or smoking deals.
1	The only reason I go to Bashas is for the convenience. First of all make sure you have some extra time to run an errand there since you will be waiting in the checkout line. The checkout clerks are maybe a little outdated like the store itself. Oh and make sure you check expiration dates on the products. I bought some crackers for work and they were 6 months past the expiration date. Don't forget your Bashas card if you have one, they won't give you a courtesy swipe. 1 star because i can't give 0.
1	Ugh. I don't like giving a tough review, but this is a store that needs to address a couple things.1. The Service: Long lines and unpleasant cashiers. 2. Outdated Store: This wouldn't be so obvious if they just did a little cleanup and merchandising.3. Produce: Maybe in this store they should just no offer produce. The little corner in the store makes you think it was an afterthought. I think just a couple things that wouldn't cost much money would go a long way in making this store a go to place for me. Not there right now.
3	Just found out this store is closing in three weeks-mid January 2012. The store itself has a strange layout, one of the reasons I rarely have gone there in the past.  The parking lot also is a disaster.  I don't mind the hike to get to the store but doubt most people do.  I like the exercise.  The sad thing about this store closing is that for a long time it really had poor customer service.  Finally in the last year or so, that seemed to have changed.  They finally were getting it right in that respect. At least they aren't firing the employees.  Sounded to me like everyone was getting transferred?  Hope Bashas is being that good to the employees of this store.
