4	I ain't rich.  I'm barely comfortable, what with student loans and the like.  Little Caesars isn't the best pizza in the world - far from it.  However their $5 pepperoni carry-out special paired with the $2 "Crazy" bread (and it's definitely crazy) will feed me for a couple of days and it's more edible than Domino's.  (Side rant:  Domino's is a plague upon humanity.  How are they still in business?)This specific location isn't particularly friendly or responsive, but I'm not expecting much from a $5 pizza.
3	There is a REASON WHY the pizzas here are $5.  All it takes is one bite.  But I kinda agree with the other review.  This would be a great meal if I were homeless.
4	I personally LOVE little caesar's. The crazy bread is the answer though. Only a dollar, and pure heaven.
3	*popping the cherry*Pros:Only $5.00.Addictive.Tastes great when you're stoned.The Italian Cheese Bread is kind of amazing.ConvenientCons:Gets really old really fast.Addictive.3 slices isn't filling so you eat 1 more and end up with a stomachache. It's far from the best, but it's only $5.00, you can't really expect that much. And it's better than Dominoes, even after the change.
3	I know that $5.00 pizzas are a great deal. You get what you pay for. They taste horrible. I guess beggars cant be choosy.
4	The customer portion of this location is TINY. Perhaps 5 people can fit in there before it feels very cramped. A small portable swamp cooler was placed by the entrance to keep it from getting too warm in there, which was like a finger in a leaking dam.The cashier seemed aloof and did not pay too much attention to what we were asking about in regards to our order. She would ask the cooks where pizzas with a different combination of toppings than ours was, to their confusion. Then turned right around and told us the pizza would be ready shortly.Fortunately, our food came out correctly, which we were nervous about. It tasted as Little Ceasars pizza does. Nothing overly great, but it's an expensive meal or two.
4	Ok So I love Little Caesar's =) The prices are great especially when I have a full house on the weekends... The taste is really good considering they are only 5 dollars!!! The store could use some remodeling its way to small for a large rush!
4	Pizzas are always made fresh. And when I say fresh, I mean (THIS BOX IS HOT AS HELL FRESH!) You get in, and you get out! Nothing better than that! I know this is dumb, but I came with a crazy idea that the next time I go I would time them on how fast they can get the transaction and pizza carry out done. LOLOH and try the Deep Dish pizza! I know its about 3-4 bucks more, but its worth it if you can afford it. hahaha!
1	If you want a pizza that's ready to pick up quickly this is not the place. Last 2 visits all I wanted was a pepperoni pizza and both times I was told a 15-20 minute wait. Hot and ready?????? Obviously not. Staff isn't the nicest either
