5	Good fresh and hot fried chicken. Great new chicken sandwiches Strawberry shortcake should not be missed.
5	Best one we have found. This location on AZ Ave in Chandler has a lot of traffic. It's a good-sized store w/ lots of tables. Because they seem to have a lot of customers, I think that may be why the chicken is fresh and hot and not shriveled and old. The biscuits, too, are not overcooked. They are moist and soft and yummy. Most of the personnel here aren't that friendly, however. Only one really friendly, smiley guy. Just so you know. Customer service isn't a huge thing here, but at least the chicken and biscuits are fresh and moist.
2	For a commercially processed meal it's not too bad. I like their spicy greasy chicken from time to time. Their new biscuits are pretty delicious as well. And they're sweet tea hits the spot. Everything else though just doesn't please the senses nor does the dirty tables. I would like to give this place three stars because I will eventually eat churches chicken again but for the 45 minutes that me, my buddy & our kids were dining there no one bothered to clean the joint.
4	I heard from a friend that Church's sells fried okra.  Being from the south, it is an arduous journey finding okra of any kind in Central Arizona (Lee Lee Market carries fresh okra).  So, off we went to Church's.  I tend to eat mostly vegetarian, so I had a huge serving of fried okra (7.5 out of 10), some delicious cole slaw (10 out of 10), some biscuits (10 out of 10), and some corn on the cob (6 out of 10).  My family ate a lot of chicken and they said it was excellent (9 out of 10).  I will say the Dr. Pepper tasted mostly like sugar water (being from Texas, Dr. Pepper has to taste just right) - almost no flavor.  Service was very, very good.  The restaurant was very clean with lots of clean places to sit and eat.  Overall, an excellent choice for an inexpensive meal out.
1	It has been some time since I had patronage Churches Chicken and now I remember why. I ordered the chicken strips, fries and a drink. I ordered a mixture of original chicken and spicy chicken. Well, to be honest it was all bland, that was the taste I remembered and why I had not been back. Too bad!
2	Horrible service!!! I had to WAIT...when there only were two people ahead of me. Got my food, went home and was shorted 2 items. I called & the guy said he could give me 2 extra biscuits and a family size okra. REALLY??? for wasting my time and gasoline. REALLY??? I did go back the next day and...WAITED & WAITED. This is the crappiest service ever! I occasionally enjoy the food but I will definitely check my order before I leave, IF I go back to that location. These employees have no sense of priority, BIG PERIOD.
1	I love their chicken, that's why I'll give them a star. Horrible service. I waited for about 45 minutes until I was helped in the drive through. There were only five cars and I had to wait around 20 minutes to finally get my order taken and some girl said, give me a sec and I said that's fine. 20 minutes later again, I waited, there was no cars in front of me. I was so angry I just drove to their window and finally they took my order. Can't believe how rude they were. She didn't even say sorry and that's all I wanted was an apology. Best believe, I will never be coming back.
1	I am pretty disappointed in this Church's Chicken location. I went on 7/29/14  to buy dinner for my family. I used the drive thru. I ordered the 20 strips meal and the woman at the window and on the speaker was very rude. I was not greeted. I was not offered any sauce for the strips I ordered and I waited at the window with no knowledge of what was going on for over 10 minutes. I spent $34.58 on dinner for my family or so I thought. My receipt said $34.58 but my card was charged $41.50! The meal was only $31.99 + tax. I could have easily gone to ANY other fast food chain and spent far less than that. I am taken back by the way I was treated and I have no desire to return. While I have always enjoyed the food from Church's, I'm not willing to accept poor customer service (stating it mildly). **Update** I was contacted by someone from the store who said she was not the owner but would be handling the complaint.  She proceeded to tell me that the incorrect charge was my banks fault and they accept no responsibility for it.  She offered no apology and no compensation for my trouble.  I will be escalating the complaint with the Corporate Customer Service department today @ 866-345-6788.  Needless to say, CHURCH's has lost  my business and hopefully with social networking, the business of several others.  This is unacceptable.
1	This is the worst Churchs Chicken I have ever visited.  This is the second time in two visits that they have been out of chicken at 4:30 in the afternoon!  Had to wait 20 min to get Chicken and old tasting side dishes.  This location has a real bad management issues - avoid this place!
2	The chicken is good. This place has gone downhill since my first review.Sadly, the same surly, unfriendly people still work here. The ONE friendly person that worked here on my first review has since left. The biscuits are now always too dark (which means overcooked and therefore dry) and when you say something, they say it's within their approved color range. What the heck??...then FIX your friggin color chart, these are dry and sucky!Tonight Surly-unfriendly-girl didn't even ask us if we wanted any of our pieces spicy, like we usually get. I forgot and my hubby wasn't paying attn. She didn't even ask if we wanted regular--just assumed. We come here often enough that she should recognize us. Horrible customer service. KFC is just down the road. Maybe we will try them next time we have a hankerin for fried chicken.
