4	Its a good gym for the price. If money is no issue check out the Fairmont Hotel gym. Its the ultimate in luxury at three the monthly fee
4	My mom invited me to join her for a morning at the gym.   I was so thrilled I have been wanting to try yoga for so long, and this was the prefect opportunity and would be free.  Bonus I got to spend the day with my mom. I took a yoga stretch class.  When the class started I was a confused because I thought this would be a traditional yoga class with mats on the floor. However the  "yoga stretch" class used chairs and the instructor did mild stretches,deep breathing and guided meditation. Sit and be fit baby, baby, baby!!!  The class was filled with women who were 50 plus. Being the old soul that I am I felt comfortable and right at home. I was impressed by the senior community and to YMCA commitment to seniors. The PNC YMCA has got great views of Market Square while walking on the treadmills.  Also they have a large sauna and showers.I also want to commend the YMCA for offering income sensitive gym memberships.  I think that affordable fitness is important especially for our seniors and people who live on fixed incomes.
4	With two kids under the age of 4 the only time I get to work out is at lunch or mid afternoon if I'm home. This is the home gym. First, I love it. The equipment is newer, well maintained, the staff is friendly and helpful when needed. The lap pool is nice and also maintained. The biggest things I do is: run, spin, swim & lift. There are always plenty of machines to go around, and there are never too many out of order at any given time. I love the separate locker rooms for the pool. The dryers do the job on the trunks, but aren't always working. The locker rooms are well kept and clean. My only complaint, there is a group of teenagers that show up after school lets out that workout there. I don't much care about that so much as I do that when they are there they are loud...sometimes disruptive, and when I want a machine and see these guys taking their time, yelling at friends and not working out that hard, it can be frustrating if not annoying. I try to go when they aren't there, but since I go for my lunch hour at work, sometimes I can't avoid it and have to go later. Other than that, it's a fine place to workout and I look forward to doing so for a long time.
5	The best service and friendly too. I like the pool and the instructors for yoga and Pilates.
4	I moved to Downtown Pittsburgh from the West Coast and my top priority was to find a gym.  I was seeking to maintain my athletic lifestyle (knowing with snow that my athletic endeavors might be more inside than I was formerly use to).  I also do not have access to a car, so I knew that I needed to find a gym specifically downtown because I would be walking.With all the research I did, none of the limited gym membership options were great (simple based on my top shelf experience of being a Lifetime Fitness member in Las Vegas for years...if you have ever been to a Diamond level Lifetime Fitness you know what I am talking about).  And despite limited info I found on Yelp, I can confidently say the the PNC YMCA option is the best option in Downtown Pittsburgh.Having checked out all the clubs available to me, PNC YMCA on 5th Ave is the nicest in layout, largest size, most updated design, best amenities (including towel service, lockers, showers, pool, social space outside workout floors), best times because they are open on weekends and centrally located.  The variety of group classes is most varied in content and time compared to other gym options. Now the YMCA at Steel Tower is a nice gym too, but much smaller and limited classes (and those classes can often require that you called in advance to hold a spot where this is not necessary at PNC YMCA).  Now the YMCA at Steel Tower is part of my gym membership too, so even though not my primary gym, I do enjoy having the ability to go there to.  It's nice to have access to multiple gyms, multiple group schedules and multiple instructors. An advantage of being a YMCA member. I just started working with one of their personal trainers on site (Laura). Prices seem very reasonable and I am hopeful she will meet the objectives of what I was seeking in a personal trainer having worked with a personal trainer for many years.  Despite being 16 years her senior, she is willing to kick my ass and this was my objective! In life you have to keep moving and if you find yourself in downtown Pittsburgh, PNC YMCA can help you keep moving with your athletic lifestyle.
4	When I started working downtown, I was told by so many about how nice the Y was...and it's definitely not a bad gym, but there are things that drive me nuts about it.First the positives, though. They do a solid job of keeping the machines in working order and up-to-date. The treadmills and cardio machines were recently updated and are really nice. If you're like me and despise the boredom that comes with running on a treadmill, the Y did you a favor and set the cardio machines up to overlook Market Square. People watching makes the time go by much faster when you're battling the fatigue and boredom. The facilities are generally nice, and they really do a great job of having everything you could need for just about any workout imaginable. They have nice workout rooms and plenty of space throughout the gym to move around without running into people. The staff is incredibly nice and helpful, and it's pretty clean in the workout areas. The pool is a good size, considering the downtown location, but can definitely get too crowded.The trainers seem really nice, too, and they'll set you up on the ActivTrax system if you want. It's a decent semi-automated workout program generator, and you can use your mobile phone via your smart phone's web browser to enter your workout data and get instructions on exercises if you don't feel like printing your program from the machine every time.The things that drive me nuts? Well, in the afternoon, don't be surprised if the gym is overrun by school kids. They run around and generally takeover the machines. I'm excited that they're trying to teach physical fitness to the youth, so I don't get too frustrated, but a lot of the students simply don't want to be there, and they show it in their lackadaisical approach to their workouts and the time spent on each machine. But hey...it could be worse! The only other thing that drives me insane is how mildewy/moldy the showers are. I get that most gyms are pretty filthy (much filthier than this Y), but the first time I went into the pool showers, I was vowed to never go back. The water was puddled so deep that even flip flops couldn't save you from the lukewarm cesspool on the floor, and the mildew was visible on the walls and ceiling in the shower stalls. One option would be to just use the upstairs locker room instead (I've seen many people do that), but the mildew is still there, too. They honestly try to do a good job, and for a locker room, the upstairs isn't bad for a busy, public gym, but  I still don't love it. The locker rooms ARE pretty spacious and handle the constant traffic well.
