3	Me and the hubby came here for a quick dinner after hitting ToysRUs.He got a sirloin & baked potato. It came with a side of grilled veggies that were a bit soggy. He loved the rest of the meal tho.I ordered a new item on the menu..fajitas!Chicken & steak combo for 11 bucks!They came out sizzling on a bed of rice with lottsa onions & peppers.It was such a huge portion..big enough to have shared!The server was a bit on the slow side. My iced tea was empty for half of my meal...glad I had water cuz those fajitas were hot!I took off a star for that..normally I wouldnt but he was checking on all the other tables around us..but not us.
1	Take a bow (was he the Gardner? or did they just call him that?)... you make me wana YELP.   The world of Yelp has you to thank for my relentless need to speak my mind actually hitting the computer screen.  May I add, for every bad review I will counter balance with a good review.  It's was an amazing day visiting with my BF Mrs. Bunny Brown.. the Vegas air was just right and my mouth recently quenched with Jager, was not too dry.  The mood was right until my run-in with the Manager of Applebee's.  The state of California requires you to surrender your old license (meaning they stamp it) and give you a DMV certificate.  Going on age 36, I did not think twice to show my Nevada license not expiring till Nov 2011 and an official paper from California legally stating my age, ssn, address, everything a stable business could want.... just for a simple shot of Jager on my nail outing with the best friend from high school.  I believe as a good manager he studied all of my documents and could have easily been proven as a just decision maker in court, had he obliged, but chose to be an arrow in our ass and deny our one drink wonder.  Not to say he was wrong, according to his protocol, but come on... Vegas is all about the service right?  Just another prick wanting to stab harsh reality in another girl's fun fantasy, I thought I had outgrown the ID phase.  I'm sorry for his unhappiness and for my wanting to say my peace.
4	Although I have eaten at this chain many times, this recent visit was the best.  The 9 Oz Sirloin was grilled to perfection and the veggies & baked potato along side just as good.Service 9 out of 10.  Very attentive. Tip: Get there at 3:00 pm and Miller Lite on tap is only $3.  Yay!
4	Carside to go is a great way of getting dine-In food with out dinning-in. It's fast and efficient. The Cajun shrimp from Applebee's however is not something I would recommend.
4	Let me start off by saying that I take pride in the fact that I don't usually burden other people with my children. They are typically well mannered children, the older one (who knows how to talk) always says "please" and "thank you" and my younger son (1 years old) on average hardly makes any noise because he's too busy stuffing his face. However, any child can have a bad day.My younger son was sleeping when my mother in law decided to take us to Applebees after a day of shopping. When he woke up in Applebee's he was clearly taken by surprise. He wailed loudly, and the waitress came over. She had already gotten us settled with drinks and we had placed our food order. No backing out now. "Do you want some warm water for a bottle?" she inquired politely. We thanked her and she went to grab some water. Meanwhile, my older son who was drawing quietly on his kids menu got a little overzealous and knocked his soda everywhere. When the waitress returned she didn't look the least bit annoyed and went to fetch a towel, smiling and talking to the kids all the while. At this point I was uber embarassed and ready to high tail it out of there, but she made me feel much more at ease. She chatted with us about her three boys and told us stories about back when they were in diapers. The food came out quickly, I ordered the Won Ton Tacos (usually an appetizer) as an entree and it was great. Applebee's is family friendly. From food to atmosphere they're a great option for when you can't get away from the kiddos. Although you can get much higher quality food somewhere else, I don't think I would overlook them any time I want to take my kids with me. They have Weight Watchers endorsed food too - and it's tasty!
4	Stopped in here on Saturday with G money.  The host was pretty cool in finding us a table around the bar so we didn't have to go up and down any steps. Our server, Alysha (sp?) was one of the best servers I think I've ever had. If you've ever been to Applebees before you know the menu is pretty standard, but with a few cool dishes thrown in. The drink menu also has some nice looking selections on it. I'm not totally crazy about fruity drinks but the red apple sangria looked and sounded good. If I wasn't with my grandma who I still kind of feel awkard drinking around, I probably would of tried one.  We did the 2 for 20 because thats one of the best deals in town right now. The potato twists (i think thats what they are called) came out first. I love homemade potato chips but these were a little overdone. Some of the chips were a nice golden color, but many looked burnt. The queso blanco was pretty good that came with it.  Then she got the chicken finger basket and I got an oriental salad. It came with some kind of dressing and Alysha noticed that I didn't care for it so I asked for the teriyaki based one instead, much better. Everything in the salad was good, especially the grilled chicken. It was so big I didn't finish it, and I can eat pretty good tbh. She liked her chicken fingers and we declined dessert even though the blondie looked amazing. I just hate getting dessert at restaurants because they are so overpriced imo.  I'll probably be back to try their happy hour because of the cheap drinks and half price appetizers they had advertised on the table.
3	I came in on Saturday expecting it to be busy and it was a little bit, not as bad as I expected. The Food was good and the waitress was nice, but they get 3 stars due to all of the little problems there were, that if only 1 or 2 had happened I wouldn't of cared. I'm going to give only the biggest of the problems, the 1st being that when they put down our food, they took away my daughters drink, which was half full, it took 10 min before I saw someone again to get it. When I received my Cowboy burger, which I got vegetarian with no bacon, there was no BBQ sauce on it, like there was supposed to be, and I don't mean there was just a drop on the bun, there's was none. I had to ask twice for the sauce, and I got it with my daughters water, and since I don't like to eat a burger dry, I usually have mayo, or BBQ, of Ketchup on it, my Burger was cold when I finally ate it. When the waitress dropped, and I mean dropped, the water and the BBQ on the the table, she was in such a hurry that even though the cup had a lid, it still spilled on the table, Luckily it didn't hit the food.Now the reasons we kept having problems was the waitress, even though she was friendly, she was to busy handing out business cards for her makeup business and trying to get clients that we kept having issues.
3	The food is usually pretty decent.  Last time I was there, the waitress accidentally double charged us for drinks, then took off $4 from the bill.  Except that it was not how much two drinks were, or the fact that we got charged tax on the entire bill prior to the "discount."  Don't be lame, just fix the bill right, so we don't have to have a conversation about it.  (Instead of complaining, I only tipped 15%, when I am normally a 20% tipper.)
1	It's Applebee's and they don't dissapoint.  Every few years I forget how horrific this chain is and step into one.  After eating here I feel my soul being pulled out of my body and all that is happy and good in the world go away and I need a nap.  How they can consistently have food that is tasteles, seasonless, and devoid of any characterisitcs of actual meat products is beyond comprehension.Only if you're starving....even then think twice.
3	Nothing outstanding to report. Seemed to be the same as most other Applebee's around town.
3	So after a night of drinking at the Fiesta, we decided to come here to grub on some late night munchies.  Our server's name was Adam and we decided to get the pick two for $24.  I know it's usually $20, but we chose the items that they charged an extra $2 each for.  We started with the Spinach and Artichoke dip which is always a good time.  Very creamy and very hot, served with a lime salsa and homemade tortilla chips. We then ordered Caesar salads on the side.  Seriously could have been our meal, it was huge.  Now the reason why our meal was a little more than $20 was the fact that my friend got a blackened steak pasta and I got the Crunchy shrimp.  My shrimp was crispy and served with a slaw, cocktail sauce and fries.  I was surprised by the amount of shrimp that came on the plate.  I don't often come here because there are so many other options in this town and I personally feel that places like Applebees, or Chilis is super blase.  I think the fact that I was drunk really helped the taste of the food as well as the experience.  LOL.  Thanks, Applebees for fulfilling my drunken hunger.
3	Nothing off the charts but not bad for a simple lunch or dinner or to meet up with some friends.
1	Poor service on a Sunday. Very slow. Many dirty tables. Wet table when seated. Poor response from waitress. Manager is disorganized. Steak overcooked. Juice for kids is in a box. Definitely headed in the wrong direction from the last time I was here. Never again!
5	Lunch is fast and fresh and Kim @ the bar is the best...she must be, always filled with regular customers...
3	Music much too loud! We were seated near the bar area and it was difficult to chat over the high music volume. Food was delish, but soup was not as hot as it should have been. I think it was sitting on their shelf for a while before it was picked up by the server to bring to our table. Wonton Tacos were really good, though! I will order this again next time, for sure!
1	First I haven't been to Applebee's for some time . Now I remember why.When we walked in it was pretty busy and loud. I asked to sit at a booth. The host n hostess looked around said said it would be 5 minutes or so. So I scanned the room and there are 3 open and clean booths. So I asked if they're saving those for good customers or what? Obviously challenging yhe powers of Applebees staff can be dangerous but now I'm feelin like " Game on "  let's dance .So they immediately seat me and are pissed so I started taking pictures of everything including them to send to corporate. Ok server was a rookie and tried hard but obviously new. We ordered and drinks and food came out pretty quick. But then a girl comes over and started sweeping in front of my table. Like restaurant sin 101.Food was presented nice and they have a really wide menu. The taste was better than expected for the won ton tacos and boneless buffalo wings. Tasty sauces for Applebee's. The rating is for overall experience as there was some surprising high spots and more low spots. Ciao
1	Upon walking in, I stood for a few minutes and noticed 2 older women preparing to exit, there were 2 employees standing by the door, neither one opened the door for these women, I actually held both the interior and exterior doors for them, very loudly they thanked me and referred to me jokingly as "The Doorman" An older gentleman stated that this act of kindness was wonderful and while looking at the two employees, I responded "I was simply raised correctly" The host asked me how many were in my party while the server went to start opening the door for guests.  I responded that I had 2 people and the other one should arrive within a couple minutes.  The host then grabbed 2 menus and told me to follow him.  I started to walk with him, he stops puts the menus back into the host stand and then informs me it will be a few minutes.  Looking around, I did notice more than 8 tables that were empty/dirty so for me to be told to follow him and then be told basically "nevermind" was a little confusing.  My server Karen took 12 minutes to deliver my iced tea and my sister's water. Karen came up to our table and asked for our order but before we could answer her, she actually WALKED AWAY from us, to take someone else's order!  After she took their order she came back to finally ask us what we wanted, but then said "hold on" and began talking to another server behind our table and started to clean the table with her.  Finally when that table was almost cleared she came up to us and never once apologized, simply asking what we would like?   I calmly with a smile, asked for "another server please" She looked at me confused and walked back to the table behind us and finished clearing it with the other server and you could tell she was talking very inappropriate about us.  She walked away a few minutes later, was gone for a few, came back to the table and asked "Do you know who you would like to serve you" Karen was really trying my patience at this point, with the same calm smile I simply stated "someone better than her" She sent Mike R over, who I stupidly assumed was a manager, he was not, when I explained what had just happened while he was bent down elbows on the table like he was a friend joining us for dinner WHICH for the record I think is so annoying, he simply stated as he threw his hands up "How are you doing tonight, How are you doing tonight"  I quickly realized he was not a manager, because I know for a fact that is not how a manager would have handled the situation.  We gave him our order, which was the 2 for $24 and ordered the Spinach Dip for starters.  My steak I asked for medium rare and my sister ordered the Nawlins Skillet.   He was trying to get us to smile, but the annoying thing that I do not like is how he kept referring to me as "Boss" My name is not "Boss" do not refer to me as that!  While we waited for our appetizer I noticed that Karen was not doing too well with her other 3 tables, she actually picked her rear end 3 times while she was talking to the couple across from us, witnessed by more than just myself and my sister!  We referred to her as Typhoid Karen for the rest of the evening.  I over heard her telling someone that you did not have enough dishes so "of course people will just have to understand that" referring to the fact that another group of people had to wait for their food to be delivered...if this were the case, COME ON buy some more dishes, or better yet, hire some faster kitchen staff!!  I do not think guests should ever be told that you do not have enough plates to go around so we should just expect to wait.  Our appetizer was delivered, long after I felt it should have been and basically was plopped onto our table, the girl delivering it I only saw once and she never responded when my sister and I both thanked her.  With the exception of being called "Boss" repeatedly and the kneeling down to our table, Mike R was not that bad, he kept apologizing for everything taking so long.  We were there for well over an hour, which I felt, was way too long.  It did not take us long to eat our meals.  Everything was the wait for our food and our drinks.  Never once did a manager approach our table, I might be mistaken, but from what I recall, whenever there is an issue like that, a server should advise the manager to visit the table.  I never once witnessed a manager at all.  I understand that this is just Applebee's, but seriously it is not like we were ordering off the $1.00 menu at McDonalds, I would expect better service here.  I would also expect a server to refrain from digging in her rear (yes it was on the outside of the pants, but still!!) until she is in the bathroom or away from the dining patrons.  My sister also informed me that when the server swung the door open to allow her to enter he did so in a matter that it almost hit her in the face because of the force of which he threw the door open.  She had to take a step back as the door almost greeted her face.
4	I give it four stars the service could be a bit faster. Their is no need to wait for drinks for over an hour. Otherwise the food is great!
5	My favorite item is the Asian chicken salad!
5	first of all i want to say that i was sick when i went there, and around there i couldnt find any place that has soups. i wen there and had soup, one the chicken tortilla and the othere was the tomato basil soup, both soups were really good and the service was awsome. Nicole E made it possible to have what i wanted and she suggested hot tea over iced tea because i was sick.
1	If I could give a 1/2 of a star I would. The service is TERRIBLE! We were first sat where it was freezing and the waiter was very unprofessional & made it uncomfortable with stupid little remarks. We then moved to the bar area because that the only place you can get the happy hour appetizers, which isn't unheard of but would have been nice if the waiter promoted what they have. After ordering our main course (I got shrimp) and as the food came out they told me they were out of cocktail sauce. I then waited 30 minutes for extra lemon (which I never got because no one checked on us after the first time again). This was by far the WORST experience I've ever had anywhere. Never again. Save your money.
2	Some things sound good at first. Like slamming a slurpee on a hot day to cool off, or visiting Applebees. But after slamming the slurpee you get a condition known as brain freeze, after visiting Applebees you get a serious case of remorse. A long time ago this Kansas City export expanded like mad across the country. The food was meh, the drinks were ho-hum, but for some small towns when they got their first Applebee's it was a sign they had truly arrived. All of that is nice but today's Applebee's is just not all that. Take this Green Valley location which sports a dated building that really needs a top to bottom date with a cleaning crew. Let's look closer at the menu which only has a few classic items. The rest of it is filled with experimental stuff, the type of menu items that screams we know how bad we suck, we're going to toss all this stuff on the menu and see if anyone is curious enough to try it more than once. I got sucked in here when someone got stuck in a nostalgic flashback and thought coming here was a good idea. And hey, if they're footing the bill I'll take a trip down nostalgia lane every once in a while. The key words there is once in a while. Some memories are best left in the past, and eating at Applebees is one of them. If you're hungry and are reading this on your mobile device in the parking lot debating where to go, you're really not looking hard enough. You have lots of good options within 3-4 stoplights of you. Even a Big Mac at the McDonalds across the parking lot would leave your stomach and wallet a lot more satisfied than enduring the Applebee's experimental menu experience. 2 Stars: Only because the servers work hard and don't deserve a 1 star review.
1	Stay home, go to Chili's or go somewhere the service is good. I will NEVER go here again after waiting an HOUR for boneless wings and a salad. Are you kidding me??? lol  Just say no people!
1	Just look at the other terrible reviews and you will understand. Like the others, if I could give a 1/2 a star or no star, I would have. This restaurant needs to call it quits. It took them an hour and a half to get us a salad and boneless wings. The manager and staff are rude and never apologized for continuous mistakes from the beginning to the end of the meal. Someone tell those waiters their memory isn't as good as they believe. Get a freaking pad of paper and write it down!! You aren't impressing anyone! (lol)  I will never go back and have been telling everyone else the same. End of Rant.
1	After being in the restaurant for 20+ years not much surprises me but this had to have been one of the worst experiences ever.  When we got to the restaurant it started with a great greet by a host who could be explained as a seater.  I thought it was amazing that the seater greeted us until the main host got back to the front.  It was busy so I thought this was a great show of team work.  The host was great.  She brought us to the table an even told us who our server and the manager on duty was.  I thought it was a great touch.  It was down hill from here. The server came to the table and mumbled her name, could barely hear her.  We order soup and app for our daughter and 2 items for my wife and I.  We told the server repeatedly to bring the soup with my daughters cheese sticks as an entree so she could eat with us.  She did not.  The soup came out first and the French onion was a hot mess.  The cheese was clumpy and you could not find the bread.  My daughters cheese sticks came out finally and my wife and I waited over 30 minutes for our food.  Thankfully our daughter was able to eat.  When it came out the cheese looked like it was sitting under the heat lamp, that coagulated look, and it was cold.  We sent ours back and then a few minutes later they did the unspeakable in our business.  They brought our old food back out to the table for us.  Why didn't they throw it out!!!  An older manager had already come out and said that out food would come out hot.  Nope,  it came out dead!!  We told the person who ran out the dead food that it was the same food and she said "I don't know I am not your server."  Our server came out and they began to argue at the table about the dead food.  The server took it away knowing they made a mistake and they finally got our food out.  The second time it was good but over 45 minutes after we got there.  The second manager came out and apologized.  Then we waited 15 minutes for the check so they could "do something for is" as the server explained as she was walking by our table,  kind if like a drive by.  The entire experience was rediculous and unprofessional.  I can't imagine running my restaurant this way or my wife working at hers like this.  We will not be back!
3	I'm sure we've all been to an Applebee's somewhere across the country.  Yes it's a chain but I still enjoy a meal here.  The hubs and I split the Brew Pub Pretzels and cheese to start.  Great garlic flavor with not too much salt.  The cheese was creamy and covered the pretzels delightfully! We also split the Clubhouse Grill Sandwich.  It's filled with ham, turkey, cheese, bacon and the rest of the fixins.  It was good! Maybe the toasted bread was a bit over-buttered so my hands were all shiny after eating it.  Oh well.  Id probably get it again if I were splitting it with someone.  Otherwise it is a bit much for me to eat.  Service- the waitress was great.  She was also tending the bar but she did her best at keeping our drinks filled.  We were just baffled by the time it took for the food to come out.  Did we order three steaks well done? No. So my three stars is how I feel.  Just a -ok.
1	Feeble attempt at service.  C'mon if I order a Turkey Bacon avocado sandwich, then put Bacon on it.  Unfortunately the server didn't check back with us until after we had finished.  Didn't offer to fix anything.  YOU OWE ME SOME BACON that I paid for.  Thank god for surveys and yelp to vent.
3	Ive been to this location several times, but this is my first review of it.  I don't know what Applebee's is doing, but it seems like everytime I go there, the one thing I really liked the last visit is no longer on the menu.  I ended up ordering a 9oz steak with garlic mashed potatoes and veggies.  Food was pretty good, but nothing amazing.  Steak was cooked pretty much how I ordered it, and mashed potatoes were really good.  I only like the brocoli part of the veggies and wish I would have ordered only brocoli.  Our server was very friendly, but there were several times mostly towards the end of the night where he just didn't come around.  We waited for much too long with my Credit card out waiting to pay, and didn't see him come by to collect.  I also never got offered a refill on my drink.  Even though I had a special drink (frozen limeade), when I run out I think the server should at least ask if I want anything else to drink.  My wife and son enjoyed there food also.  Basically the food is good and I would come back, but it's nothing too special, the service can be slow at times, and the prices aren't great for what you get either.
5	I'm not a fan of many chain restaurants but on a busy workday  I look forward to visiting Applebee's for one reason only.... Their daily bartender Kim C. Though I don't drink alcohol, I can always count on her to already have my Iced tea sitting on the bar for me by the time I sit down, she knows exactly what I'm going to order or at least have some great suggestions! She has such a fun personality, no matter how my day is going I can always count on her for a great laugh!
5	Food was greatService was excellent! Its nice to have a server who actually treated us good. I think her name was Hanana.Blonde girl with braids...Well good job...I'm definitely coming back! :)
1	After experiencing a great rib dinner INSIDE this restaurant a couple weeks before, the wife and I decided to do their "Curbside To Go"...big mistake... we had one of their new pasta dishes...incredibly poor...a splash of sauce, a dash of chicken, and pasta . We could have done better with something from a cardboard box that you get at the supermarket for $1.79.  Mine wasn't much better...can't even remember what it was, it was that memorable (not).  Bottom line...IF you decide to go to Applebees, DON'T get Curbside To Go...at least if you're inside, they can take it back and make you something different or get your money back.
3	Good is good but service at this location sucks. I always order to go and have to come in to get my food and always have to wait longer than estimated.
5	Food and service A + we love this place. Really awesome vibes. There's never really  long wait..
5	Nicole and CJ are the bees knees. I have a food allergy, and they've never made me feel weird about making obscure special requests because of it. I recommend this Applebee's for these two ladies. Pretty sure they work later, so catch them for happy hour at the Applebee's bar. Totes.
5	Great food, great service. The steaks here are always juicy and tasty!
4	Because it's a chain, Applebee's is hard to mess up. We stopped in before heading back to the airport on our way out of Las Vegas. Our waiter was wonderful, the service was quick, and the food was tasty. Plus, they have these awesome touch screens at every table where you can order appetizers and desserts, and pay your bill (if you're using a card)! How handy!
5	I absolutely love this Applebees been here numerous times over the past 10 years I own a business a couple blocks down the way and come here on my lunch break a few times a week and also bring my customers for lunch while they wait and they are also completely satisfied definitely recommend this Applebees
1	My husband and I go to this location a handful of times a year. Let me just start with the food was great. The service was terrible. Our server, Shelbi, was pre occupied with the table behind us. She only delivered our initial drink order and a water refill. Two different servers delivered our appetizer and entrees. She never once checked to see if the food was ok. We ordered drink refills from the new table ordering system and had to ask another server to get the refills. We had to ask the manager for more napkins.The server  stood at the side station and sat with the table behind us while we sat with empty drinks. We ended up paying on the new table computer and she is lucky she got a 10 percent tip. My husband and I are both in the business so we understand if a server is busy. She was not. Let me reiterate... Service was terrible and this wasn't the first time.
4	Major improvement on menu.  Very clean.  I love that they have tablets on tables to expedite service. The staff at this location are very attentive. The management team went above and beyond to quickly solve a minor dining issue. I will for sure be coming back and I recommend you to try it!!!
1	Can I give -100?!? Seriously.  We were 2 people and we ordered bourbon steak and a Caesar salad each. The waitress wasn't bad and polite. The Caesar salad was good (chain restaurant standard). But then came the bourbon steak and it was horribly salty. Both of us did not say anything thinking it was each our taste buds. The amount of black pepper was too much too. I couldn't finish my steak  as I felt I was eating salt and nothing else. Oh well, we did not complain on the spot. But as we were leaving, the host, a young guy with a mere mustache asked us if we enjoyed our meal, and we told him it was too salty(very politely). Guess what! He mocked us in our face and he was laughing at us and told us that when we will be back tomorrow we won't feel the salt.  The person I was with didn't want to aggravate the situation by calling the manager. But NEVER AGAIN!!!
1	Very unorganized when they bringing your appetizer last and food first not koo. Plus waiting a hour for food not to mention the 20min  (not even driks)wait for to order!
2	We live 1/2 mile away, hadn't been there in a couple years, but close to the movies, so thought we'd give it another shot. OK for my wife, not good for me. It's a meat lovers festival, and while I'll get some chicken once in a while, I'm more vegetarian when out, like Saturday night.They don't have a vegetarian section at all on the menu, and when asked, the server said the could "substitute a soy burger for any of our other burgers". "We only get a request once in a while and tell tell them we have a soy thing." Really? What a poor answer for someone who really wanted a true veg offering. 3 of the 5 burgers had bacon on them, and the other 2 just aren't what you'd serve on a veg burger. This guy didn't even know what kind of a burger it was, and didn't even go ask. Boca? Black Bean?  No clue.  He just laughed about everything.  I ordered it anyways as a veg patty with cheddar, lettuce and tomato. What a joke.The burger was dry with hard edges, served with 2 small end cuts of tomato that didn't even cover the patty, a piece of lettuce, one ring of onion (which I didn't ask for nor want), one small piece of dill pickle, which I also didn't ask for. The fries were OK, but I could taste that either they were deep fry in beef grease, or they had fried some kind of meat in it, since the fries has a meat undertone. I was very disappointed.  Off flavor.When a server can't even tell you what kind of burger it was, and didn't go ask, I took it as an insult that vegetarians aren't respected very much, and this give didn't care. He joked in his Jacksonville, Florida, southern accent like he'd good 'ol boy his way through the meal. Sorry dude, laughing and joking just shows why you don't take your job seriously. I was close to speaking to their manager about their menu.This guy was all over us before ordering and while eating, but when it was clear we were almost done and weren't ordering dessert, he was hard to get back. He was in it for the orders. Took almost 10 minutes just to get the bill. Once we got him and told him we were headed to a movie, he jumped and got our bill fast.Speaking of Vegetarian Offerings...Even all but 1 of their salads had chicken on them. What the??  With so much health consciousness going on, why don't they get on board with offering true vegetarian offerings.  Sorry, it will be a cold day before I go into another Applebee's unless I see some serious respect for the vegetarians who are typically larger spenders and tippers. I'll vote with my money elsewhere.By the way....my wife's riblets were alright, good portion, but were covered with so much sauce, made her wonder why. Sauces cover a lot of sins of a kitchen.
1	If I could give this place no stars I would! It was horrible, the service was bad, it took a long time to even get our drink orders in, the food was mediocre small portions and to top it off it was cold.
5	Best Applebee's experience ever. Sat at the bar, got happy hour beers, ordered my Marine his complimentary dinner. Nicole was amazing. Service was fast and the order was perfect. My steak was seasoned just right. My husband loved his burger. Great job, guys! Thanks.
2	The food is average and the service is TERRIBLE! The manager does nothing to rectify the situation.
5	Excellent service and great food. Had the side salad with ruble tots off the two for twenty. The new sweet potato fries are a great addition to the menu.
2	I'm giving 2 stars because the food was good (when we finally got it) I have been here several times with my guy and his family since they live in Henderson and you can't really screw up a chain. You CAN however, screw up on service and while we have had good/ok/poor service before - this last Sunday took the cake. We (my guy/parents/myself making 4) we came in for lunch together and it was before the 'lunch rush' because there wasn't a wait to sit at a table like we are used to. We get situated with the usual 'the server will be with you shortly' nearly 15 minutes goes by and the girl behind the bar comes out to take our drink order after catching eye contact with us a few times during that period. I'm a bartender myself and I also sometimes have to wait tables so I know how that goes- I assumed she didn't know we were her table so that was the delay. She takes our order for drinks and nearly 15 mins pass, just two sodas a beer and a water. Nothing fancy. We weren't in any rush as we were enjoying catching up with one another and watching the game. We all know what we want by this time because it's been a half hour since we first arrived- she starts with my order and stammers over it and I have to correct her. Now, myself being a server- this is when I would've grabbed a pen and notepad- I have a great memory and don't write anything down ever- BUT if you are struggling with the first order which is simply a burger with no pickles w fries, better go grab that pen! She takes the rest of our orders (along with saying she will be back with refills) and we literally take a bet on our food being screwed up amongst ourselves. We continue our conversation and 30+ minutes later our food comes out still no refills- we flag a different server down to get refills. Our food came out after two groups who were sat after us get their food. It was burgers all the way around nothing too time consuming, thought it was odd that we were served last but we let that slide-except one of our orders is completely wrong. We try to get the attention of our server who's chatting with a customer behind the bar (she was only 12 feet from us)  and one of the managers came over instead. We tell him the issue with one of our orders being completely wrong- it was a cowboy burger with no cheese that was ordered but we were delivered a mushroom Swiss. When he asks the server/bartender she says no, they ordered a mushroom swiss! When my guy's mom corrects her and says 'No, it was a cowboy burger with no cheese' she looks at the guy she's been chatting up with and says 'oh, I'm sorry.. they ordered a mushroom swiss and I guess it was still in my head'  This is when that pen comes in handy! The manager says he will get it fixed asap, by then everyone's hungry because we have been there an hour now and everyone felt bad about eating in front of one of our party. Her burger came out pretty quick which made us wonder why they all took so long originally. We line up our empty glasses on the edge of our table because our server is still too busy chatting with the guy sitting at the bar. It takes me f.o.r.e.v.e.r. to even drink half a glass of anything so for my glass to be empty, you know it's been quite some time! I usually never even need a single refill. A different server asks if we need refills as she walks by and we tell her that would be most appreciated. Our server just glares at us, then goes back to her conversation. About five minutes after we get the refills from the kind server who had a completely different section, our server brings us refills (when our glasses are practically still full) and it's the wrong drinks anyway. She doesn't say a word and just goes back to talking to the guest at the bar. We are all fed up with her at this point, we now have 8 full glasses of drinks (three being wrong) on our table. I catch her name on her name tag- it's Shauna or a similar spelling. This review is getting extremely long, but she never came to check on us, we didn't need any refills at that point with 8 glasses now for 4 people and I hardly drink anything ever. She never asked us if we needed anything else, or when I clearly needed a box. I waved to her, she saw me and turned her back then pretended to dry glassware that was already dry. I walked over to the kitchen to where I knew the boxes were and asked the same server who got us the refills if she could please grab me a box. She went to the back and I could hear her talking to the manager and she brought me the box a few moments later. I thanked her and proceeded to pack my food up. We waited an additional 20 minutes for the check, I even motioned to our server about needing the check, she nodded but never brought it. I had planned to pay in cash, but instead used my card because it has the option of paying at the table. I wanted to leave no tip at all and I'm always a great tipper!! (25% or more) I left $1 per per person. Shauna or however you spell it, is in the wrong profession.
3	Ordered the pepper-crusted sirloin & whole grains. The sirloin was very tender and nicely paired with the whole grains and spinach. I didn't care for the grape tomatoes that came with the dish. For dessert I had the hot fudge sundae shooter. I was expecting hot fudge, but it was more like chocolate syrup.
