4	We've eaten at Mai Thai twice and both times were great.  The food is standard Thai made very well, especially considering that it is in a strip mall in Concord!  Two entrees usually come to a little over $20. Not a bad deal for good Thai food close to home!
4	Very good! B+
4	Friendly staff that puts effort into presentation. Very good Thai cuisine.
3	I thought the food was alright. I have had Thai I enjoyed more. Service was ok.
3	Went there for dinner. There were very few people, probably it was still early. The place is decorated simply with an oriental appeal. The tea served seemed like jasmine tea. We had pad thai which was really good. The green curry was a disappointment, it needed more curry and cream. The grilled chicken saved the day because it was fantastic! The service was fairly good.
4	My wife and I have eaten there several times. We love this place! Nice atmosphere... They even have a casual "Bar" area where locals come to hang out and have a few drinks. Very nice place with great Thai food. The owner herself is from Thailand, so this is the real deal. Chances are, she will either be your hostess, waitress, or cook (one slow night a few months ago, I think she filled all three of those roles... Wonderfully!)
2	Stopped by here the other night and the place was empty other than a guy sitting at the bar. The customer service is great and the food is fresh but the flavors left something to be desired. I ordered the basil spring rolls and the rice paper was dried out, the lettuce was bitter and overpowering, the hoisin sauce was a bit soured, and there were enough vegetables other than lettuce.  Some better places around here in Charlotte. Head towards Thai Taste or Thai House.
5	I looked for this place for a long time before finding it. It's in a small shopping center behind Wal greens. The food was spectacular and I've been eating Thai food for 20 years. I had the shrimp tempura with red curry and it was great. I got there at 9pm and it was empty the woman told me they have an early crowd. If you're in Concord you should try this place.
5	Great service!  Sticky rice w/ mango was great and the thai iced tea amazing!  I would go back
5	Passing through Charlotte, we stopped here for lunch. It is in a non-descript strip mall, but the food is anything but ordinary. Each dish was unique and tasted wonderful - you could tell they were prepared with patience and deliberation. Everything was fresh, and service was attentive and pleasant. I will certainly return here the next time I am in the Charlotte area!
5	Best pad Thai I've had.
5	Outstanding food excellent friendly service. Best duck outside of Chinatown SF
4	We began eating Thai food on the West Coast at a family owned restaurant near where we lived and came highly recommended.  There was not a bad dish in that place and since then we have been fans of Thai dishes.  This place gives us the wonderful flavors we crave from the noodle, vegetable, rice dishes to the mango dessert.  It is clean (a must for us) and the service is great!  If you're going to try Thai food then definitely come here.
4	Not an area I get to all that often, so when we were looking for a place to eat and spotted something, it was accompanied by the screeching of tires as we pulled in quickly, so if we caused a wreck, sorry.As to the location, not all that great - tucked into a strip mall and no significant signage. But once you're inside the door, things improve greatly. It is difficult to make it great in such a spot, but it does well - and the staff helps things here by making you feel very welcome.The food is what really puts them over the top, because each dish can be customized to your taste (and, more importantly, spice) preference. It also comes up quickly - great find, nice surprise in an unexpected location!
4	We come here semi-regularly for Saturday lunch.  It generally isn't very crowded during the times we visit.The service has always been good whether it is the bartender or another member of the staff.  They are quick to refill drinks and the food comes out quickly.Prices are decent. Lunch comes with a small bowl of soup and a small spring roll.  The soup is mostly broth but not terrible for free.  The spring roll is quite tasty but it is pretty small.I usually order the fried rice.  It is delicious and I always have to debate whether to gorge myself and east all of it or save some leftovers and get two meals for the price of one.It is nice that you can customize the dish (no tomatoes, please!) and get whatever spice level you like.  I recommend 4 (out of 5).  Not so hot that you only taste burning but enough that your nose will be running by the end of the meal.
2	We had the spring rolls as an appetizer and those were pretty good. Nothing special though. The red curry was not the best I've ever had. I ordered level 3 spice and it was so hot I could hardly eat it. The service was less than average. Overall, not impressed with this place.
5	This is my new favorite Thai place.   And the heat from the curry is spot on, you can order any of the dishes from 1 to 5 on the heat level.  I always order the 5, and it's spicy!  The basil rolls are so fresh and just beautiful.  We always order the Chicken Satay, also freshly prepared...no dried out chicken skewers here!  I'm so glad to say that the vegetables in the curries are fresh, no frozen and bagged peas and carrots.  Dine here, and tell your friends. This place is awesome!
3	I gave it a 3 star due to the fact that there was only one waitress there for the day and we did not get refills for a long while.  I order the Drunken Noddles and my gf got the pad Thai, my noddles had no taste to get, maybe because they didnt use enough sauce but I had better drunken noddles before from a cheaper priced place.  The pad Thai was pretty good though, the spicy was dead on but I think some of the sauce that they use in the pad Thai is the same ones as the sauce that's come with the apps. (Sweet chili sauce that they use for there deep fried apps) other then that the pad Thai was good.
5	It almost feels like you have to be "in the club" to know about this place. Beautiful interior for a strip mall location. I consistently bring friends here to eat as most everyone says they've been meaning to try the place but haven't (like I said, "in the club"). Consistent food, high quality ingredients, and helpful friendly service. Friends from Thailand say the food is spot-on. This is officially my favorite restaurant.
4	They've reopened at a new location down off of Bruton Smith Blvd so I'm removing my note about them having closed. Glad to have them back. Concord had a dearth of good non generic / non chain restaurant. Look for Mai Thai II.
5	I go here on a regular basis. Great food across the board, high quality ingredients and large portion size. I've not heard they closed, that would make me very sad, hope they are just looking for a new location as I've almost never had better Thai food anywhere. Finding a place like this in Concord was awesome.
5	Mai Thai is back!  it moved to a new location & is opening 5/5/14.  (I submitted the new address to Yelp).  This is the best Thai food in all of Charlotte area.  The Thai Tulips are to die for!  All the curries are wonderful but their chef specialty of Peak Kai Yad Sigh (stuffed chicken wing) is my husband's favorite.  A must try if you haven't visited yet.  You will love it!  Oh, and they've added a nice patio area.
5	New place just opened tonight stopped in and it was awesomeAs usual 7712 Sassaman lane  off Britten smith blvd grand opening. Having basil noodle. The best Thai food around
