3	Good for simple Mexican Food! ;)
4	Mmm...Macayo....Me like you lots!M elt in your mouth incredibly delishA ddicting C heese that is out of this worldA gain, AddictingY ou only wish you had someO nly in Vegas....Oh, and ArizonaI don't eat Mexican food often though, if I had one of these places close to where I live, I would probably turn in to a burrito.I'm talken lip smaken, melt in your mouth, wanna slap someone flippen DELICIOUS!! We got one order of there cheese nachos which was AMAZING!! I have not had nachos in years so, this was a major decadent explosion of cheesy goodness that feed the deep rooted cheese addict in me.   I also ordered some sort of Cheese Chicken quesadilla though, it was called something else- It was A Thick fluffy tortilla, stuffed with thick chunks of chicken with again, the most incredibly flavorful cheese I literally have ever had, all with some superbly fantabulous guacamole on the side....needless to say, I felt the size of a super burrito when I left.This place really is addicting. I don't know what kind of flavor they add to there cheese though, it is any cheese lover's idea of heaven.The overall appearance of the restaurant is nothing fancy and just a typical Mexican chain joint , the service is probably a hit and miss though,  the food.....you just have to try.
4	Carb/cholesterol savor...chicken fajitas with no tortillas...Yummy!!!
2	I ordered takeout after someone suggested I try the food. Not impressed at all. It definitely wasn't the worst food I've ever had, but it was not worth the $30 I spent for 2 chicken tacos (they forgot the fresh lime and pico de gallo so it was just bland chicken and lettuce), guacamole dip, and a small dinner with chicken and cheese (tasty but not worth the money). Honestly, I would have been more satisfied with Buffalo Wild Wing's chicken tacos and ultimate nachos.
4	Great place to go for lunch. Food is decent. Prices are reasonable and the service is great. I am usually in and out in less than an hour.
1	Ok.Let me just start out by saying that this is a great Mexican Food Restaurant.If you loathe Mexican food.Best thing about eating lunch here? It was out of me less than two hours later!Explosively.Really. I swear.My bud had a 2 for 1 coupon and asked me to join him to talk biz ,so, being cheap, fat and hungry, I said, "sure'. I knew where the place was ( who hasn't bought street drugs at some point in their lives? Don't judge me!) and made it there only to enter 1981 Mexico. The "decor" is barely that. Some frescoes of someone's idea of Mexico could have used a Silkwood shower and the tables looked like ,well, nothing.The first bad sign? Stale, tasteless chips and some sort of salsa juice. WTF? I mean this set up was so bad even my friend (who will eat anything.) only finished 1/4 of them.The menu is very typical White suburbia version of Mexican "Combinacciones Platos". I was actually in the mood for that. It's like you know it's not real Mexican food but you love it anyway. And then I made a mistake that would cause our waitress, Surlyrella, to decide that she and I were NOT going to be Freunden. Not."You know what? I'll have a cheese taco as well as my Enchiladas", I gamely said to the looming rock of hate. "CHEESE TACO?', she hissed. We stared at each other like two mean Wildebeest about to go all Wild Kingdom on each other. Being Gay, I was not about to back down."It's a TACO WITH CHEESE", I looked her gaze right back at her now beady steely eyes."Hmph", she shot back in a way that said, "screw you and your mother for letting you down the birth canal!"So.The "food" came.As did the next twenty minutes of my choking down some of the blandest globs of cheese, rice and beans that I have endured since Swanson decided to take on the Mexican TV tray market. It came, but it didn't went fast enough for me.Fast forward to me back at work breaking my cardinal rule, "No number 2 at the office!' Explosively.Oh yeah. That cheese taco? A hard shell with some cheese shoved in with that nasty from the bag shredded lettuce you get on clearance at Food For Less. Despicable.I hate this place and strongly suggest you eat at , well, anywhere other than here.
4	The Food has always been very good and the servers are very nice. Food is always piping hot when served. They keep your drinks topped. My family has been a customer of Macayo's for 30 years and just love it.
3	If you work downtown and need to escape the office for the lunch hour, this is a good option.  I am generally in and out of here within an hour's time.  The service is predictable and usually good though there are the occasional hiccups.  The food is pretty standard for your "Americanized" Mexican food.  If you're looking for authentic Mexican food from someone's abuela's kitchen, this is not it.  The parking can sometimes be problematic, as it's shared with the other business in this strip of shops, and it feels that the spaces are sometimes too narrow to accommodate most SUVs (which is only really an issue if you drive said SUV, like I do).
3	Had my first and hopefully my last visit.  I was unimpressed with the food.  I thought the prices were high for the quality (or lack thereof) of the food.  The cleanliness of the bathroom was bordering on unacceptable.  But it was close to the office and I had a nice time with my friend.
3	Good Mexican food is hard to find unless you are in border lands like San Diego or Texas.  Macayo is not quite there although they do a good job for Vegas.This isn't the cleanest establishment and I have had to send back a glass or two due to lettuce or sauce on the rim of the glass.  The staff is friendly enough and replace the glass right away.  They have a varied menu from burritos, to tacos, enchiladas, and chimichangas.  The chimi's are very good.They have a great salsa for dipping chips but the chips are sometimes stale tasting.  I enjoy their faitas and they have great lunch specials.  The tortillas have the same problem as the chips as they sometimes taste stale.  Still, overall Macayo has the potential to come close to the Southern California restaurant level.  And as I said their lunch specials make this location a favorite of local attorneys and businesspersons.
2	It saddens me to only give Macayos 2 stars but other than chunky salsa and customer service, there is just no point in expecting decent Mexican food from here. My last 2 experiences have severely disappointed me.  The food comes out pretty fast, so fast that you question when it was cooked. On my most recent visit I ordered the enchilada sampler. This comes with a green spicy chicken enchilada, a ranchero enchilada, and a plain cheese classic one. I took a bite of each and was pretty much ready to leave. There is just no authenticity to this food at all. I use to come here as a kid, but I wouldn't even bring my own kid here these days. It wasn't the worst, but I think all and all this place just needs a makeover. Their days may be numbered on the east side if they don't figure it out soon.
4	Mmm great for lunch - the Macayo's favorite lunch is super yummy!
3	God love Macayo Vegas. It's been here since I can remember (and that's a mighty long time). The neighborhood around it has gone almost completely Mexican, but Macayo has not! It's still the same old quasi-mexican-style bastion of cuisine that may not be entirely autentico, but suits the cravings of gringos just fine. The endless bowls of hot, fresh chips and two kinds of salsa (the chunky is newer and seems to be more popular, but the smooth, more garlicky one still tastes like the 60's and makes me happy), and, of course, the crispy, cheesy, and just a little greasy TCT, are the draws that bring us back again. Never did care much for their regular tacos - too fast-food/ kind of dog-foody tasting but their deep fried shredded beef ones are sooo tasty, as are the wonderful cheesy, sour creamy enchiladas suizas. Now bringing the third generation here to color the exact same sombrero boy on the kid's menu. If you want authentic, trot across the street to Tacos El Gordo. If you want a cool, dark place to escape the noon sun, and indulge in a big plate of god-knows-what drenched in melted cheddar cheese and shredded lettuce, this is it! Viva Macayo!
4	I am 'Vegas born & raised and have been eating here since the 60's. My parents ate here before me. My Mother in law has eaten lunch here every Saturday for as long as I can remember. She also has a margarita in her special mug. My wife and I join her once or twice a month. The chips and choice of salsa always get me ready for what ever I order. The food is not the Mexican food you would find in the spicy-hot places, you can actually taste  the food. I have never been disappointed. Occasionally I run into a local celebrity. Cops eat lunch here all the time.
4	Love their nachos! I can't eat it all so I share. Sharing is caring! LoL!
5	I first visited this establishment back in 2008 while on vacation in Las Vegas. We have family in the area so they know the good "local" places to eat outside of the strip. My first visit was very good - coming from Texas where we get top of the line Tex-Mex, as well as authentically cooked Mexican dishes. My favvvvorite item on the menu is the "Spicy Chilorio"... The words I want to use to describe the feeling I get when I wrap this creamy, cheesy mixture into a fresh flour tortilla - are not suitable for your general audience. When I tell you I dream about this dish, I am not telling a lie! It is perfectly spicy, very creamy but not overpowering like some similar dishes can be. On my last visit in late November - my entire table of 5 ordered the "Spicy Chilorio", and everyone agreed with me on how amazing the flavor is!The service here is always great. I wish I could remember the name of our server assistant, he was white, very tall, and very attentive. He NEVER let our glasses get even close to halfway empty. The chips and salsa were constant - he was definitely better than our waitress (who was just fine, no complaints!). The only draw back for me, is the location! It seemed to be sort of shady, not somewhere we wanted to be late at night. Overall, I love this place!
5	I love this place. Born and raised in Vegas and alway love to eat here. They have the best chips & salsa.
2	Americanized Mexican Food. Served by friendly but overworked wait staff in a location that..well it's seen better days. Pricing...slightly on the high side when you look at portion sizes and overall quality especially compared against what you can find at so many other places across the valley. I want to like Macayo but I just don't have any real desire to go back. YMMV.
5	Grew up eating at this place...it's such comfort food to me.  Love the chips and sauce!  TCTs are always the best, love the baja chicken enchiladas!
3	I gave it a 2.5 you ask why I need to take a picture of my food. One it took 34 Min to get the food to me did they go out to get it some where ? But the food runny , beans with no rice. All beans what do you thank it look like to me ? Some one at a other table said there look like dog food but what I got just was bad. Will I go back not this year if my wife did no ask me to stop and eat I was on my way home .
2	Not sure what happened to this Macayos, but this spot is a "tradition" so I ate here. The service is horrible. We sat and waited 10 minutes before a waitress came to our table to give us water. Although, it was 5pm on a Friday and there was 3 waitresses working, walking past us not making eye contacting, the wait time is unacceptable. When we finally did get our drink order in with the waitress, the drinks were wrong. Long story short... Macayos will always be Macayos but the waitress and even the manager on duty (at the time) need to make a change with their service and staff, or they will probably be closing like the one off tropicana and Maryland parkway.
