2	Tell me why when I'm hungover or still relatively drunk and woke up too early, a burrito just seems to be what I need?  AND why is airport food so damn expensive?  ESPECIALLY when it's not good.  I know now why as I was waiting for my flight back to SF, I saw so many people just settle with Burger King.  Smart people.  I should have followed what these people were doing, but nope, went and ordered me a "homewrecker" (nice name...not)  but it was just a regular burrito with suprisingly sour cream AND guacamole.  And for about $11 bucks, which I guess isn't bad too.  To be honest, I came here because I thought I'd get full for the amount I spent.  And so I did.   But there was something funky about this burrito.  The meat, which I got was steak, but it tasted sour.  I'm hoping it was lime juice or something that they cooked it with because it didn't seem very appetizing.  Secondly, they got a new batch of guacamole, and believe me, I absolutely LOVE guacamole, but I wouldn't be over doing it for a burrito.  It needs just the right amount.  BUT instead, when I got my burrito I could feel the center being cold because there was so much in there.  And worst of all, the guacamole I got was turning brown.  ANd yes I know that's what happens when guacamole is left out for a long time, and it means its fresh, but pleasE, don't let me see that.   Overall, its nothing great, just a good price for expensive food in the airports now.
1	hmmm.... maybe lousy burritos and poor service are acceptable for billy goats and those kids in the feed the children commercials, but not for me. I'm not even sure where to begin with this place. I know i'll begin by saying go to the chili's near security check in. I am a guy who loves burritos and sir, that was a crappy burrito. Flavorless meat, too much sour cream and guac; and oh yeah it was ICE COLD. Like fresh out of the fridge cold.This is a public service announcement: STAY AWAY....STAY AWAY.....STAY AWAY
3	First time...food was great...can't wait to go to a moes that's not at the airport!
2	Didn't feel like eating Burger King so settled on Moe's. I got the burrito which was a substantial amount of food, but $10 is a bit pricey for a burrito. But I guess that's to be expected cause your @ the mercy of Airport pricing once your behind the boarding gate.  I got everything on the burrito so I'm not sure if one of the fillings made it salty. Overall it was "aight" definitely not the best burrito I've ever tasted, & I'm sure you could do far worse.
1	Terrible place. Service was awful and the food was no better. Ordered the overpriced veggie nacho platter. Was hungry so didn't mind paying airport prices  but expected to something edible. Not so. The salsa had gone off. The pinto beans were undercooked and the guacamole was brown. Top that off with chips that went doggy in thirty seconds and there you have a perfect airport meal - NOT!
2	A better alternative to airline food.  Highlight: It's better than airline food
1	Worst Burritos ever.  I come from Mission in SF so my bar is high.  Still I think it's not a edible burrito what they serve here.  AT your own risk.
2	EW.I had their tacos and it was by far the nastiest tacos I've ever had to this date. The chicken was so dry and bland. The steak had a bit more flavor but she took spoonfuls of guacamole and sour cream and everything else just made this taco more like a throw up inside a tortilla. Im just glad I got the drink, I really did like my raspberry tea.
2	So, I was on my home to SFO from Las Vegas and got up really early to make my flight. On my way to my gate, I decided it was time to have breakfast. I passed up Burger King and a smoothie shop and came across Moe's. It looked like it was the choice at the time. I ordered the special breakfast burrito with carne asada ($9.29) and was really disappointed. I should of opted for the smoothie.
4	I can't believe the reviews are so bad for this place! As far as airport food/prices/service go, this place is great!!The burrito was big and all the condiments looked fresh. Okay, not the most AMAZING burrito ever, but let me reiterate... For airport food it was excellent!p.s. And this is just a little quirk of my own, but I don't like when one item gets all bunched up in one position of my burrito... I like things to be evenly spread out. They need to work on that here.
1	The service was very slow despite the long line and the food did not taste fresh at all.  I was lacking options but I should have just gone to the smoothies place.
5	Wow i am really surprised at all the bad reviews! I live at the airport and i can tell you this is one of the  best places you will find in an airport anywhere.  It is a little high on the price but, so is all food at the airport except Philly because, they  have street prices.  The food is excellent and always very fresh! You have so many choices on what you  want to have on your burrito. You just cannot complain at all.    Everyone seems cranky when they are at the airport and throwing out the hate vibes. Everyone really needs to stop it. Be happy, be thankful for everything and everyone around you. I like this place i think it is really good just,expensive.
2	Go to chilis instead. I feel this restaurant is below average for fast food, at best.
1	Worst - burrito - ever!!  Seriously the worst.  Dry, cold, salty chicken, non-melted cheese, flavorless pico.  I ended up eating just the side of black beans (from a can) and the chips and guac.  If I could give zero stars I would.   You are better off anywhere else, even on the plane!
2	If this were my first experience with a Moes, I'd have been pretty unimpressed. We actually went through security twice though because we don't have regular access to Moes, but thought we would get there since we could.We stood there for at least 2-3 minutes before they acknowledged us, we were the only ones in line. The guy that took our order had no idea what a Billy Barou was... odd, since its been on their menu forever as far as we know, including the menu right there in front of him. While he was making my homewrecker, I guess he hadn't quite mastered the moes technique for getting guacamole and sour cream into a burrito and I ended up with one huge glob of sour cream and one glob of guacamole and hte rest of the burrito had none. He didn't really seem to know what he was doing and none of the other employees seemed like they were trying to help.The ingrediants were definitely not up to what I think Moes standards would be. The rice was dry, the steak seemed like it had been under a heat lamp, and the chips were not that good. In addition, the the lack of the salsa bar that I'm used to at Moes was a bit of a bummer.
1	I have been to over 10 Moe's across the US and this is by far the worst location (this includes the location in NYC Penn Station).Burrito was very small, to say they skimped on ingredients would be an understatement. They have even managed to obstruct your view of the assembly line so don't see how little food you are actually getting. Additionally, the salsa renditions were not the same as other Moe's locations. The salsa they had tasted old.
2	More mediocre food at McCarran airport. Moe's is located at the end of terminal A. I didn't think it was as bad as other reviewers. I got the junior sized burrito, which was plenty of food for me. The chicken was seasoned well, but was dry. It was filled with mediocre rice and beans and all the typical add-ons that you would find at a fast food place similar to Chipotle. The burrito also came with a pile of stale chips.Service was slow because there was only one person working. So, she had to assemble the food and ring it up. It was pricey, of course, because you're trapped in the airport and don't have many options.
3	I hit Moe's regularly for their breakfast burritos when catching a flight out of the A gates. As airport fare goes Moe's is decent for sure and isn't priced too outrageously. There burritos are made to order as opposed to sitting under a heat lamp, service is quick and the serve beer and wine if you're there later in the day. Moe's certainly isn't on the level of a Roberto's or Pepe's when it comes to Mexican food, but for airport food they do just fine.
1	The worst moe's ever. Rice was burnt and it permeated through the whole rice bowl. Service wasn't stellar and even some of the staff looked like they didn't care to be there - and it wasn't even 1pm! Wouldn't have even served the burnt rice to anybody. Unfortunately it probably should have been thrown out. It basically ruined the entire bowl. I did what I could to pick out the chicken and beans. In the words of the father eating Nacho Libre's cooking, "This is the worst meal I have ever had." I just hope I won't have "diarrheas since Easters."
4	Great spot to get a bite to eat while in the terminal. Way better than typical fast food spots that are your other options - basically like going to a Chipotle.
1	This is way over priced and was cold also the beans,rice,guacamole, was all in one spot when I commented it was cold she said I'll unwrap it and warm it but I didn't want anyone else to touch it there had been three people handling it already  so I just ate it we had already been in line for 30 mins. Jack Y.
1	Bought $10 chicken burrito bowl and it was tasteless.  Tasted like a terrible salad.  The rice and chicken literally have no taste. Nothing at all like Chipotle.  Nice try making it look like it and even the names are similar, its just terrible food.  Definitely do not eat here.
2	I've been to several dozen Moe's across the US - and this one might be the worst. The service is fine, but the several times I've been here (with a layover at LAS) the place has been dirty and the food is bland. Moe's is a big Midwest/East Coast chain and most of them are pretty good. This one blows.
2	Food was Meh. Didn't really think anything had much flavor, but I choked it down on the plane as a necessity. So kind of pricey, even though it's a big burrito, cause it's a big mound of flavorlessness. I didn't even finish mine, couldn't choke it down. Just ate enough to not be starving on my flight home.But what I absolutely hated was the rip off of "Seinfeldisms" on the menu. What the hell does Mexican food have to do with Seinfeld???? I don't think I ever saw them eat Mexican food on the show ever!! But it was really the STUPID names of everything that made me really HATE ITt!! SO MUCH THAT I DIDN'T WANT TO EAT THERE. If our flight hadn't been delayed an hour+ I would have not bought food, I only did so out of absolute desperation.
2	Mexican food at an airport? YES PLEASE! Too bad it did not live up to Moes standards! The employees working that day were too busy eating chips, laughing, throwing things at each other, and just plain goofing off. We ordered a veggie burrito and it was barely filled, the employee wrapped things up before we could ask for cheese and cilantro. The burrito was not bad, but it was not amazing! Limited seating, which fills up fast. A couple customers were literally just standing up around tables eating.They do give you free chips with your meal and salsa, but the worst of all is getting chips from an employee who has been eating out of that same batch. *gross*& because this is an airport Moe's, they do not have a salsa bar like others, so you have to ask for whichever salsa you want at the cash. (I like the freedom to look at the salsas and try out a few without having to bug the cashier).This is one of the Moe's that would have benefited from Undercover Boss! MOE, You should pay a visit to this location!!Definite skip, there are better options at the airport.
1	Weak wanna be chipotle don't waste your money.  I got a chicken burrito it was about ten bucks maybe a Lil more and taste was not to good
4	Good food but its a bit pricey for the size of the burrito you get. Really enjoyed my burrito though and would probly come back when flying through Las Vegas.
3	After eating breakfast at Flatbreadz, my husband told me that it was our breakfast and lunch.  Since I get nauseous when I'm hungry, I had to buy something else to eat.  My husband and I walked to Moe's and I ordered the vegetarian nachos (without beans).  The ingredients were fresh and the chips were light and delicate.  I'll definitely come back here to eat if I'm at this airport again.  Next time, I may want to order a burrito.
3	I love Moe's, personally I like it better than Chipotle because of the salsa bar at most locations. Since this is an airport location, no salsa bar :( but just ask and they will give you to-go cup size salsa/queso. Burritos are my personal fav at Moe's it's hard to go wrong. This location has breakfast burritos, which for me is a great option instead of taking the long walk back down the A gate hallway to less healthier BK for a quick lunch while waiting to board my flight.
2	The staff are unfriendly except the young man this morning. Not one smile from the 2 girls... they only serve breakfast in the a.m. although i am unsure why i couldnt get veggie bowl unless the rice wasnt ready??  My kid had the bacon breakfast burrito, said it was ok. You can get a drink and guac added to your meal for 2.99 but no chips so unsure what the point of the guac is... wont be back even though i come to the airport 2-3 times a year... not because of the food, but because of the 2 girls... the airport is miserable enough....
1	Avoid this place!   Who decided to put this place in an airport!?  Do not eat at moes ever and especially if you are about to board an airplane.  Me and my traveling companion both were sick as dogs after eating here!  We both had the nachos which were less than mediocre and barely warm
1	Let me do you a favor by saying, "DO NOT EAT HERE!" This has been, by far, my worst food experience ever. Granted, it is Mexican fast food but in all honesty, this makes Taco Bell look like Michelin rated restaurant. Let me tell you all the things that went terribly wrong...- All of the food servers seemed like they wanted be somewhere else. I get it. Working in the food service industry, let alone fast food, is not everyone's ideal job. Again, I get it. I was there too. But to take it out on someone's order is not the way to go. Our server took every ingredient and practically threw them onto our plates. By the end it was a big sloppy mess. Which brings me to my next point. -I got the burrito bowl and it was practically a soup. Since our server was throwing our plates together, she didn't drain out the extra liquid from the veggies/pico de gallo. I had about an inch of liquid at the bottom of my bowl. That's a big no no.- The ice machine was broken. Ok, not a huge deal but this was not the only thing broken.- Apparently their grill was "broken" so we couldn't order the quesadillas. But lo and behold, minutes later, it starts working again for other customers. I get that sometimes things are out of the employees control but seeing as this was not the only thing wrong with this place, I was not happy. - The food was just not good. Maybe it was because the ingredients didn't seem fresh or because it wasn't prepared properly but, as I stated before, I would rather go to Taco Bell a thousand times over this place just based on their food. Overall, this place was a big NO. How they manage to stay here based on the feedback customers have gave is beyond me. I've never been to a Moe's before this and because of the horrible experience I've had here, I doubt I will ever go to another Moe's again.
1	Not a good place to eat at! The girl wrapping the burritos looked like she wanted to get out of there. Ingredients were not fresh, rice was burnt and the finished product didn't taste good at all. Avoid this place if you could.
