5	They just opened.  I was having coffee 2 doors down and had some time to kill, so I walked in and got the 1 hour massage.  It was fantastic!  The thing I really liked was that after they work on a part of your body, they wipe off the oil with a steamy towel so you don't walk out feeling like the Gulf of Mexico.  Kept my clothes on throughout, though I had to lift my shirt for the lady to work on my back.  Recommend wearing shorts and a loose shirt (ladies - a sports bra).  Prices very, very reasonable (1 hour - $25).  I walked out so relaxed I had a difficult time driving home.
5	The people here are awesome. We are definitely coming back here! Prices are great and the service is awesome. Highly recommended!!!
5	Clean, professional and straight-forward massage options. Fabulous!
5	I have been to every foot spa in the East Valley....the come and go and some are good one day and not so great the next.....I found this place by accident and boy am I glad I did!!I have been there 3 times and each time the therapists have the SAME routine.  Meaning that "thing" you did to the knot in my neck last time, will surely get done again this time!! The owner must really take the time to train her peeps before she sets them on customers.....clean, quiet, relaxing, nice atmosphere...decorated very well. Not the cheapest, but by far not as expensive as other places.  They also finish off with this hot towel treatment on your bare back...totally clears up the sinuses from the session you just had. Can't say enough about this place...you  HAVE to try it!
5	Visiting from out of town and went here on a recommendation from a friend. BEST PLACE ever, I called with 5 min notice on a Saturday afternoon after the gym and they fit me in no problem. I was promptly greeted in front and I picked out my 30min foot massage only for $20. I was escorted to a back room with 4 beds, and my friend and I sat in the chair awaiting instructions. The staff was incredibly friendly and I had the best 30min foot massage. She massaged every area, every single toe and especially the heel.My friend had the detox ball which she said made her feel relaxed beyond words.I highly recommend this place, they are open 10 - 10 everyday and are in a shopping center with lots of parking.
5	My husband and I went here for a date night and it was the best date night ever!!! I have been to one other reflexology place and this one is by far so much superior. The therapist I had was amazing....working every part of the body. Even though you are fully clothed, you don't feel like the massage is compromised in any way. We were both so relaxed by the end. The scalp and foot massages are excellent. And then they put a nice hot pack under your neck to continue soothing the muscles. You can't been an hour's massage for only $30 and $55 for a couple! I will definitely be back.
5	Stopped by while traveling in the area. GREAT place, family run busienss, meet the owner and her son. Took the 90 min session with Sarina, WOW one of the best. Really a First Class place
5	The Best Ever.  I had the 90 minute detox and massage it was heavenly.  If you are shy be prepared to remove the all of your clothing above your waist. The massage is extemely profession however, it is prefomed in a more roomlike setting unlike a traditional massage,  These types of massages are very popular in Southen Calif. but this is the first one I have found in AZ.
5	This is a SLAM DUNK five star spot. Do yourself a giant favor.  My therapist was Amy but, pretty sure they all are good.I dont live close but, I WILL be back.
5	This place is excellent and well worth the 45 min drive from North Scottsdale!!!  I appreciate reading all the reviews before I went as this definitely is one of the best places I have been to in Chandler and I have to give it 5 stars!  I had Peter for 1 hour and he was excellent! The hot towel they put under your back and neck is awesome!  $30 an hour was the same price I have paid at all the other places, but the quality of the massage here was far superior! The other 2 places I tried gave me a bottle of water, whereas this place does not, but it does have a water dispenser in the entry.  Peter knew exactly where all of my pressure points were and he definitely knew what he was doing also applying the correct pressure!  Gordon was a nice young man at the front desk and he is the son of Josie, the owner. I was hungry and he gave me an excellent recommendation to the Asian HK Restaurant close by.  I have already made an appointment for next week! If Peter is busy, then I hope the other therapists are as good! When I arrived, there were people leaving and when I left, there were people waiting - all a good sign that this place does good business!
5	Been here 4x now and still believe this place is far the best in the valley. Highly recommend  Nice people, great value, superb massage.
5	Even though First Class Reflexology is located in a strip mall, once you are escorted past the reception area you are immediately transported to a Spa atmosphere.Only after being seated on the lounge and my eyes adjusted to the darkness did I realize there were two other people on the other side of a dark screen.  The room was peaceful, the music relaxing and low, and the scents were wonderful. I was already feeling relief from the stress of the day and the drive home from work.The treatment starts with putting your feet in hot water with what felt like oils. Lily expertly performed the head to toe massage.  Be prepared, once she starts working on your back this is not a gentle treatment, more like a sports massage. However, you may at any time ask for your masseuse to use less strength. After one hour and only $30 plus tip, I left feeling relaxed and happy.  This was an experience worth writing about and sharing with everyone.p.s. wear loose clothing - shorts/sweatpants, T-shirt or tank. You'll want to remove your shirt for the back massage but don't worry, enough privacy is available.
3	It was okay...a little rough
5	This place provides amazing massages at ridiculously low prices. The people are great and the place is very clean and new. Highly recommended!
5	came here with my bestie for a massage cz we got very bored in our hotel. oh man.. this place really can work it!!! it was very relaxing and i actually didnt feel like kicking someone in the face while they touched my toes LOL coming back here everytime i visit arizona ^_^
5	This place is fantastic! In fact, I've been impressed with reflexology for a few years. It's definitely a well kept secret - a type of massage for 1/2 the price of a "standard" massage. Anyway, I had a great experience at First Class Reflexology. They have a card that when filled with 10 stamps (visits) you get a free massage. It's completely worth it. Go to this place and come out relaxed and refreshed.
5	My boss recommended this place to me because I tend to be a little high strung and I work out a lot.  It is a wonderful and consistent experience every time. It's a really great place to take a date too!  For $30 + tip you cannot beat this massage.  When you leave you will feel like you ate a xanax sandwich.  Trust me - treat  yourself to some First Class Reflexology and your bad day will be rubbed away.
5	Ahhhh-maaaazing!  Thank you Yelp reviewers for recommending First Class Reflexology.  My wife and I came here for our anniversary in the morning to relax.  We were nothing but impressed.  The massage began ahead of schedule and lasted until the very last second we paid for.  The staff was very friendly.  And best of all the message was far better than a regular massage therapy chain, such as Massage Envy.  The prices were also about half of what you'd expect at a chain, too.
2	We were expecting a foot massage and ended up getting a below average body massage from what I think are unlicensed massage "therapists".  They don't speak English well, and didn't ask what we wanted, if there were any problem areas to avoid, etc.  My companion ended up with a severe headache from the "therapist" pressing too hard on her head.  I think this is a case of you get what you pay for - low cost massage with low quality.  I will say the room looked clean, they were on time, and they played soothing music.
5	I love this place!!!  They are very hard working therapists that offer massage for extremely reasonable prices.  I can afford to be a regular here because of the low cost.
1	Went here on my birthday with my boyfriend, because of the good reviews an low prices. Now I understand the low prices. The two massage "therapists", which can't possibly be certified, came into the room and told us to get undressed while they stood there looking at us! Talk about awkward. Leave the room for a minute or at least turn away. The woman massaging me started the massage on my face. First of all.. I did not expect a stranger's hands all over my face- second we had just come from dinner and I had make up on that was now rubbed everywhere from lotion. Lotion that she then rubbed all through my hair. There was no pattern in the massaging technique she was doing. She'd do something different on one arm than the other- which makes me think she wasn't trained in what she was doing. She was waaay too hard on my back and today my shoulders are swollen and hurt too bad to be touched. I feel like I got hit by a bus.Finally after we were done, the women didnt leave the room to give us privacy while we dressed.. they stayed and cleaned! All in all I was very disappointed, and afterwords I left feeling more tense that I had arrived, and out $30.
5	Let me start off by saying it was a awesome massage... I didn't want to leave. But be aware that it starts off a bit odd, thankfully I was with a great friend which made me way more comfortable than if I was alone. Starting off no one really tells you what will happen, you simply lay down & wait. The men are in & out of the room several times bring a warm water foot soak, coving your body with a large towel, warm neck roll & a towel to cover your eyes.  But, but when they start, the start & it's fantastic! I really love the pressure point relief. It was priced very reasonably  $20 for 30 mins & $30 for 60 mins.  I will defiantly go back & next time my husband wants to join in the fun.
4	Good massage...but with clothes on most of the time.  They do know what they are doing though, and both my husband and i felt much less tension in the muscles afterwards.
5	Very nice :) good massage!!
5	This place is soooo awesome! The staff is really nice, the place is Very clean, the light music & dim lights are so Relaxing, the big beds are nice & soft! My Husband and I did the $30 1hour massage! Let me tell you, it was soooo amazing! The lady who did my massage her name is TINA, deff go to her!!!! Of course its going to hurt in a few places where your body is tense and tight, but she sure worked them knots out of ny stressedbody!! Left there feeling like a Million Bucks haha!! You Have to Go Try this place out!!
1	Absolutely TERRIBLE! Hands down the worst massage I have every had. They have no clue what they are doing! I left after 20 minutes it was that bad. Even just that 20 minutes did more harm than good, I feel ten times worse now then before I went in there yesterday. If you would rather be further injured than this is the place, otherwise STAY AWAY! I I could give them less than one star I would.
5	$30 for an hour and $45 for 90 minutes is an amazing deal. Our massage lasted the entire time--no shortcuts. We began with our feet in a bucket of warm water and were told to lay back on the table while our feet soaked. We were massaged with reflexology on our head and face, shoulders neck, all pressure points. Arms, hands...completely. Feet and legs were next. After that we were instructed to roll over. Back, lower buttocks and legs were massaged. This was an all-over treatment. Very thorough! Remember--this is reflexology, so the massage may not be what you are traditionally used to. The massage is rubbing, stroking and massage of pressure points. On the feet it can get uncomfortable, however the end result is worth it. The entire lymphatic system is triggered to drain toxins from the body. We left feeling refreshed and completely relaxed, and no more hunched shoulders! Definitely going back! TIP: Wear loose clothing...your practitioner may have you undress in stages. Also, no make-up is best, as the face and head are massaged with oil. It is expertly removed afterward with a warm damp towel.
5	Best and cheapest massage I have ever had! As said in other reviews it is quite awkward at first, they start by soaking your feet in water which was a little unusual for what I'm used to, also unlike most places I have been you stay dressed. All in all I will definitely be using this as my regular massage spot!
5	The absolute best reflexology I have ever had!! I'm so glad I found this place on yelp. This will be my go to spot every trip to Phoenix. Words can't explain how awesome this place is
5	I usually request mimi and she's great. You cant beat the prices here either! $30 for 1 hour. What a deal!
5	Awesome place. I am so glad I found them. Clean, an awesome $30 plus tip well spent and great customer service. All these reviews were helpful. The ones that were negative - all I have to say is reflexology is not for everyone. It's wise to call ahead and ask what reflexology is about. If it sounds like something you are interested in, schedule an appointment to avoid any wait. I've been here about 5 times and it's never a disappointing experience.
4	Reflexology is not for everyone. With that said, I have enjoyed the services here once and I intend to do it again. My feet take a beating on a regular basis, and I don't know how to deal with it unless someone really get into them. For $30 bucks your therapist (and I use this word very loosely) stretch, pull and squeeze both arms, legs and more (no not that).. It can be uncomfortable at times due to pressure, but if it only feels good - then it's it only for relaxing, not for benefit. The negative reviews usually are people that didn't know what they were getting themselves into, and for that no blame can be put on the establishment and only on the patron that does no research. I felt at ease the whole time in here, and it was quiet and relaxing. My legs and feet were sore when i walked in, and felt so great when I left. High returning-factor.
1	BEWARE: The kid who works the front desk and claims to be "the manager"  does not understand what customer service means and lacks good judgment. He is incredibly rude and does not know how to communicate professionally as he swears to customers and gets angry very easily. Needless to say, I am NEVER going back to this place (even though the therapists are decent) as I do not put up with establishments that disrespect their customers. Here's what happened: I was told I could use the value of my "free 30 min detox" (which one gets after the 10th paid massage as part of a loyalty punch card), towards a 90 minute massage and just pay the difference in cost, which I thought was fair. As I tried to redeem the value of the punch card, I was told by the so called "manager" that he wouldn't give me any credit for it, regardless of what I was told on the phone. He became aggressive and started using foul language as I tried to explain what I had been told on the phone. I couldn't believe this kid "manager" was arguing with a loyal customer over a $15 dollar credit instead  listening and using common sense to keep a customer coming back. Shame on him. Fortunately, there is no shortage of reflexology joints in this town so I won't be back ever again. YOU'VE BEEN WARNED!
5	Best massage I've ever had! Tina is wonderful. She was able to work out the knots in my shoulders and under my right scapula. Already booked my next appt.  I can totally see myself giving massage certificates to friends and family at the holidays.
1	I was excited to find a place with such great reviews. All I can say, It was terrible!  I waited 20 minutes and the entire experience was just odd. The message was horrible and I swear some of the tactics they use can't be healthy for your body.  I was worried they were going to pull my shoulder out and that I would be bruised in several areas.
5	Thank you Tina and First Class for another wonderful experience!  I had a very long and stressful week melt away with my massage. On my must have list at least once a month as part of my regular health and stress relief regimen.
5	Amazing...great price...clean...friendly!! Once you come here you will never spend your money anywhere else!
4	Good foot massage.  Environment is clean and the staff is friendly.  Will return for another foot massage.  $30 an hour the price is fair.
