2	Stopped here one morning cause it's on my way to work.  I always see a lot of police cars there, and figure if the cops are eating there religiously then it's gotta be worth a shot.Meh.   Honestly, after seeing them make my iced mocha with hershy's syrup I became distraught, but when I tasted it I was pleasantly suprised.  Probably the best "hershy mocha" I've ever had.   The fried egg sandwich with bacon was a cluster.  FRIED implies..  well fried, NOT SCRAMBLED.  Sorry for the caps usuage but  I was just terribly dissapointed.  My scramble stack of blandness on bread was a catastrophy. I might come back so I can try something else and boost the rating.  They only take cash too... a bummer cause I only carry my card (so I don't spend all my cash).The restaurant in convieniently located next to the I-17 and Bethany Home Rd, and is pretty cool little place on the inside.  The owner was very nice and the prices are low.  Meh.
4	Great food, great prices When you order food here, make sure you're hungry! The burgers and sandwiches are huge and priced considerably well. For not much more than fast food (about 6 bucks for a burger/fries) you'll get more food than you can eat at once! They also have really good horchata rice milk, that they make from scratch. Sometimes it's really sweet and filled with lots of cinnamon, sometimes it's a little watery. The espresso is also decent, some of their recipes are from their own creation (tres leches is really good). Almost all of their specials are recipes from the owner. The burgers, sandwiches and burritos are delicious. If you do order burritos though, make sure you order at least two, as these are the only things I've ordered on the menu that are relatively small in portion. Definitely worth checking this place out! It's on the corner of Bethany Home and the 17 (just west of the 17) on the south side of the street. Also...very kid friendly!MAKE SURE YOU BRING CASH! They don't have a credit/debit reader.
4	I really like this little spot.  Food is good and great specials!  Plus I like the espresso bar with tres orchestra. :)
4	Great little place located off of Bethany just west of I 17.  It's on the south side of the street and if you don't look for it you will miss it.  Little family type place where they have a good Chef that is popular with the Spanish TV channel.  Great food, they open at 6am and you can order anything from breakfast to Pizza and Burritos (yes even that early).  The place is small and is usually packed on the weekends.  They only accept cash so don't bring plastic.  Their Burritos are only $2.50 and are fresh.
5	This place may seem like a whole in the wall joint but it has some of the best food.  Actually makes his own hash browns for breakfast. Then there are the salsas that are homemade and very tasty and hot! Definitely come with an appetite because the portions are very big.
4	After seeing their commercials on Univision, I drove from Arcadia to check them out.  I had two very good, well-stuffed burritos: barbacoa and bistec ranchero.  IMO the ranchero was the better of the two.  This is not the place to go if you demand constant attention; there will not be a staff-member asking you how things are every 5 minutes.  While eating, I noticed "elote" on the menu board.  Since I love elote (corn, mayo, cheese, lime and chile), I told the waitress that I wanted elote.  She asked if I wanted it in a cone.  As the board was partially obscured from where I was sitting, I hadn't noticed that those were the house-made ice cream flavors.  Since I was still eating my burrito, I told her I didn't want it.  I was intrigued so, when I finished my burrito, I ordered an elote ice cream in a cone to go.  Corn ice cream?!?  It was great!  I would drive back over there just for the elote ice cream.  Need to try the cajeta too (goat's milk caramel).  Excellent burritos and house-made ice cream - what's not to like?
1	I wouldn't usually come to this area to eat but was in a hurry and wanted something other than taco bell. The menu online is completely different than when you walk in but so was everything else. Service was friendly and food came out relatively quickly but this place just gave me the creeps. There were flies flying around, place was almost dead during the lunch hour and just wasn't clean. I also didn't feel like I should have been in there...like a fish out of water. I ate my ham torta and undercooked fries quickly, just so I can get out of there. I will say the bread that the torta was on was really amazing! If I could just get that to go, I would come back. For everything else, no thank you.
1	This place was a bust! Either someone in Univision is related to the owner or Univision owns the joint!!! The food was gross and the service was horrible! The "aguas frescas" were gross, the place is beyond dirty and the waiter/ waitress need an attitude check!! Save your money and avoid this place!!! Never going back
4	I have been coming here for a while. I get the breakfast combos most of the time. The French toast being my favorite so far. The pancakes are not the best but not the worst. Combo comes with choice of eggs, bacon, sausage, hash browns, and surprisingly some fresh fruit on the side. The horchata and jamaica waters are not so great. It's not that expensive as well with less that 20 bucks you can eat good for two. I hate the fact that the place is really small and busy every Sunday!
1	I was ignored for the first 10 minutes while kids ran around unsupervised. Place looked dirty and I felt unsafe eating there. Didn't try the food.
1	Well, I've always said that I'll try just about anything once....but after eating here that's gonna start to change. Dirty, small & crowded, bad service, misleading menu, and the food is average at best. Needless to say I'll never go back!!!!
4	Chef onsite has great flavors! The Argentinian Burger with Chimichurri Sauce was amazing! Add fresh handcut fries and its a homerun for under $10!Staff was attentive and helpful.
1	Food was average, service was not good.  Might be good for burrito take out,  haven't tried that yet,  but won't go back for dine in.  We ordered coffee and one water......Coffee is serve yourself.  Water never arrived. Coffee was empty.   Told the cook and  the waitress the coffee was empty but they did nothing about it, just said ok.  so before we finished I told the waitress that she could bring us water instead of coffee since there was none.  That did it,  she said it would take 3 min.  I saw her run in the back and start making it... Right next to the young man I told 15-20 minutes earlier!   Hmm coffee was done when we stood up to pay.   Too late!   Also the odd thing about my toast.  :-).  I ordered rye toast with my breakfast, I could tell there were two slices as both halves matched!  Now the odd part was,  it was two top halves of toast...... Where was the bottom?  Oh yeah,  the toast was dry,  no butter.Yup,  our last trip there but we'll give the take out burros one shot.  On a positive note:  they did apologize for getting us nothing to drink..and removed the coffee from our bill.
1	Someone needs to be more aware of the wait time they place on customers, 40 minute wait for breakfast is ridiculous, when the restaurant wasn't that full to begin with.
