3	Ok. It's close to my home. It's close to my business. But it's not close to my heart. While I find most of the staff passibly friendly, some are frankly, annoying. Case in point. Employee is ringing up my order and asks if I want the extended warranty. I decline. She asks me if I was having a good day. I said, absolutely, I always have a good day. Then she informs me that this was her Friday. And I said, me too! Here goes. She asks me if I was going to "take my work home with me" and I responded, sort of channeling Whitney Houston from Being Bobby Brown, "Oh, hell no!". She immediately, shusshes me while raising her hand, eyebrows furrowed (sp?) and says "Don't say words like that!" I knew she was offended by my use of the "h" "e" double hockey sticks word, was embarrassed slightly for a moment and then just pissed. I could only muster up the stink eye for her as any clever words of disdain eluded  me. All I could think of when I got in to my car was, "Oh hell yea, I'm yelping her ass as soon as I can." I don't wanna name names but it starts with R, has an L and a V and a few vowels in between. Oh, the power of the internet.
2	I understand that using office supply stores can be a unique situation; however, I didn't expect the awful arrogance that was flaunted throughout the store.  I will never return to the store, and I will continue to spread my ill feelings.
2	I went to this Staples because it is close to home. I first went to buy paper. Was astounded at the price for a ream of all purpose paper. To get the advertised ream for $2.99, one had to get a rewards card that works (mine has never) and then apply on line for a rebate! Hell no, who has time for this shit? When one can get it for $2.99 or less at just about any other store one shops? I also wanted Resume paper, the selection was very limited and a believe a bit overpriced and can also be picked up at a Walmart, Target, or Office Depot (my preferred office supply store) for a fairer price. I left without paper. Oh and the customer service was non-exsistence, other than pointing me in the direction of what I might be looking for as they stood around gossiping among themselves.However, I returned the next afternoon with my computer for the free PC Tune Up. An E-Tech was called up to assist me at the check in desk for computers. It was slightly after 3pm, and he was going to check my computer in until I asked the turn around time and was told I would not get it back today because it was late! Mind you the place was open until 7 or 8 pm.  I opt out and asked if they scheduled appointments. Now informed that they did I made an appointment for the next day at 11am. The next day I arrive and check in my computer. I inform them I am having trouble suddenly connecting to the Internet as well as an ongoing annoying problem of computer maintenance messages popping up, and a virus program I bought from Staples not working anymore and not expired. The General Manager Shalamar, was there and assured me they would call when it was ready. I leave. Almost 4 hours later I get a call. I return and am given my computer and told there were no viruses found and that nothing was done so still ongoing have the on going issues and it has not been repaired, but I only find this out after asking! Couldn't someone have called me in those 4 hours and told me this? Maybe I would have given an OK to further investigate to repair the system! I was about to walk out when the GM said wait, there is paperwork they should be giving you and they are to go over it with you. I wait. The two techs bicker over why it isn't printed out. One sends it to the printer and walks away. I wait. I wait until the GM has the guy paged to return! He takes it off the printer and proceeds to go over the information based on my PC check up/ Tune Up. Apparent to the GM this guy is doing a half ass job of it, the GM listening in makes him stop and go over a section or two in a more professional manner. In the end nothing is resolved and I am presented with two options they can take to get my computer operating for $60 and an overnight stay of my computer. One which would delete all data I have stored and restore it to starting status. I opt to take it and make other arrangements and return to them as a last resort- which I openly tell them. I get my PC home and I play around with it for about 30 or 40 minutes. Mind you I have little knowledge of computer issues. I find a "restore recently deleted files from Trash " selection and click it. Presto my computer is restored in 90 seconds! But that apparently this was to detailed a fix for them to do at a Tune Up that took half the work day! But kudos to the GM, if he wasn't' babysitting them the entire day I don't think any of them would have done a thing the entire day! He even had to tell them to clean up the front counter and register area as I waited and waited for that computer report which turned out to be vital paperwork in helping me fix my own system problem. Glad I waited! Need I say, I have no intent on returning for anything here.
1	Leonard. Leonard. Leonard.  Is there REALLY even a Leonard that works there?  Leonard goes to work and then takes an 8 hour break.  I called Staples to follow up on a print order and he told me he was going to have to call me back because it was time for his break.  I then went to the store and ole Leonard was too busy on his cell phone to help me.  The only upside to this place is the nice female that works in the copy/print center.
3	Nothing great about this place. Sometimes they have too many employees following you around like a puppy, Sometimes they are short. Today they were just plain unpleasant. No thank you. No apology for their rewards system not working - just a "you might want to call the number on the card." On top of that, they have some ridiculous card you can buy for 10 dollars, but you get a coupon for 5 dollars, then you get 15% off. Hey guys, don't make it complicated  -just give us a reasonable price and stop stroking us it on ridculous reward systems. BTW Staples brand product sort of suck. So what I'm saying is... if you live in the area and need a pen, go for it. Just don't your hopes up for any more than that.
4	This Staples is a nice little store off of Central and Osborn in mid-town phoenix.  I go to this Staples for work all the time.  I really like coming to this Staples.  First of all it is near my work, and second of all it they are very helpful and friendly.  If you are ever in Staples and need help you should ask for Ernie.  He will help you find whatever you are looking for.
4	Where's that EASY button?What they lack in "curb appeal" they make up for in friendly staff.  I was greeted as I walked in the door and helped immediately.  The young man at the front counter even made a special effort to wish me a good day as I left.  Although this store is a bit on the older side, I appreciate the good service more than having to drive out of my way for a newer store.I'd certainly return.
2	Took in two laptops to be unlocked and reset.  They got the job done but the quality of service was horrible!  The assistant manager gave me sarcastic remarks and I was definitely not impressed!  Not going back
5	I get all my business cards printed here.  Great, fast, reliable service!!  Dwight behind the print  counter is the man!
1	This Staples has deteriorated over the years. We went in recently to buy some items and were treated rudely by what we were told was a new manager, who refused to help us when we had trouble finding what we wanted. The store was nearly empty at the time. Another customer came to show us where something was, and expressed shock at the managers refusal to help (the "new" manager was a middle aged, slightly built, balding man). In addition, a staff standing near the manager was asked by us to help find something; he looked scared while looking at the nearby manager who had just kicked him out of the register line so I left him alone. Another time I went there to fax something. It just never went thru and I was on a deadline, so went to a Fed Ex and they had no problem faxing it right out at the same price. The Staples was nearly empty that time, too. Their bathrooms are no longer available for customers, another change for the worst. This place has the feel of a place going out of business.
3	The atmosphere is better than the other chain store a few minutes east. Never a great store but it has deteriorated since opening. What is most frustrating is prior to the chain store invasion we had many long-standing office suplly stores. Most were pushed out of business. All were much better on service, stronger knowledge and usually had what was needed or special ordered. While the chain store is big it has bigger problems and the consumer suffers.
1	I guess the mantra for Staples' associates is the same for The Walking Dead - "run and hide". I am waiting now because an associate started to help me ship a package, then took off mid-process. Ummm... bye?Too bad it's the only office supply store around.
