1	This post office sucks balls. MAJORLY. First of all, they don't open til 8:30AM! It's not very helpful when trying to get stuff done on the way to work. And even though I got there at 8:15 -_- there was already a line!! The post office workers are what you expect them to be....slow and working when they feel like it. It really sucked. While I was there I saw the other "official" locations (ie: those inside grocery stores and quick-ee marts) and needless to say, I'll preferentially check those out before heading over here again!
1	I didn't have to stand in the line today. Thank goodness. Only dropped off an envelope in the mail drop. It doesn't seem to matter if it's Christmas time or just a random Wednesday, it's always busy here. I just try to use the automated machine where you can weigh your envelope or package yourself, then prints out your stamp for you. Same thing if you want to buy stamps. I don't think I'm very much with the times, I think you can do your postal services much easier now. Can't you get them to pick up your packages for you, if you use FedEx? Buy stamps online or at the checkout counter at your grocery store? I think I'll have to remember these methods next time. We're just creatures of habit, I guess.Try another branch, that's my suggestion. This location has more than they can handle.
3	It's a post office. It is probably the hardest post office ON EARTH to find. Well, to be fair, I have been to many post offices here in the U.S. but not world-wide, so it's the hardest post office in the country to find. It is too small and covering too much geographical area, aside from the fact that it is NEARLY IMPOSSIBLE TO FIND, so it has many challenges it must face serving so large of a customer base. I buy my own labels, discounted of course, online and package at home (or in the car in a pinch) and therefore don't deal with the line or the TINY counter for people to use to pack their parcels. There is no bin (too small for a bin to be out) for already-paid packages so you just leave it on the counter in the far right after walking through the third set of doors.   Would it kill them to have some signage so you can see from Decatur or Oakey that a USPS office is here? Apparently it would. I must have driven around (and behind) and around some more this post office for over half an hour looking for it the first time I came here. It is pretty ridiculous. It actually cannot be put into words so I will take a few pictures to let you decide. - E
4	Have a PO Box here for over 10 years. Always had great service. Friendly and always helpful employees. The private sector can learn a few things from these employees.
5	My mom always said "If you don't have anything nice to say, then don't say it!"  Well I have nothing but good things to say about this location and their workers.  I bought a bunch of stuff from Trader Joes and wanted to ship a bunch home so I didn't have to carry it back.  I don't know how we got on the subject of how I look like Jet Li (at that time I had shorter hair and I was leaner) but it was joke after joke.  They helped me pack up my stuff and even gave me tape for my box left from a previous customer.  The guy must of been a Tetris master they way he got it all to fit. Got my goodies at Trader Joes, help with shipping it back home and next stop as In N Out... how much better was my day going to be?!?!?!?!Lots of parking and friendly staff that is more than willing to help you out.  Love this place!
4	Very nice, helpful and quick.  Kinda messed up on my payment, but it all worked out fine, customer service was great. Will continue to go there.
5	Parking is plentiful and the check-out line goes fast, staff is professional and friendly.
2	...I guess they could just let the vagrants move into this Post Office.  Seriously filthy facilities, many questionable sorts hanging around even at 4:30pm, and rude customer service.  I admittedly don't expect much from the USPS at this point, aside from overpriced and low quality service, but this place is seriously in need of an overhaul and at least a security guard.
4	This one is hidden. So the lines tend to be small.  In and out, works for me. Some of the other locations can be crazy.  Always homeless people hanging around this place.  The one guy I have been seeing for 12 years + living on the streets.  What a shame.  He might need some meds.
