1	You ever feel so embarrassed for someone you want to crawl under the table for them? That pretty much sums up this experience. There was nothing "awesome" about this. My friend had free tickets so I agreed to go, I am very hesitant to pay for any shows coming out of Planet Hollywood because most are a waste of money. Let me tell you, if I paid $49.99 for this crap I would have been livid. We were all pretty excited to see this show as we didn't really know anything except it was supposed to be interactive kinda like Tony & Tina's Wedding except for no food is served. So we enter the "showroom" I"m putting quotes around the because it was literally a room that was divided in half, possibly the other side is being used for a different show? The decorations were clearly  from Party City and made to look like a high school auditorium with a prom theme. The actors were all attempting to be a character out of all the famous 80's movies, but it was a very poor attempt. Basically the idea of this show was you are at prom, you vote for prom king and queen and you are supposed to interact with the actors. Now I use the word actors loosely because I've seen better plays put on when I was in junior high school in the dreaded drama class I was forced to take. In our group there were 10 of us, within 15 minutes we all wanted to leave, but being there was only about 25 people at the show, we didn't want to leave all at once because it would have been noticable and we didn't want to get harassed. Speaking of harassing, that's all that was happening. Now I'm not a wallflower and I like to get down with 80's music just as much as the next guy, but I don't want to be followed around and pretend that I'm enjoying interacting with the people when I'm really not. Very little seating, very small bar, with minimal choices, the DJ and security guy walking around were giving me the creeps as well dressed all in black/goth type drama club. I wouldn't come back nor would I recommend.
2	My friend had gotten us free tickets to see this show. Except it wasn't really a "show." Since my friend and I weren't in high school in the 80's some of the references the actors made were lost on us, but I did enjoy some of the music. It was funny, but corny. We didn't stay for the whole show. It was interactive, but it was a bit confusing too. We didn't know which ones were the actors and which ones were the audience members. I guess the audience was supposed to be a part of the show, but there were too many things going on at the same time.There was this guy who was a cross between John Bender (The Breakfast Club) and Lloyd Dobler (Say Anything). His name was Nick Fender and he was a nominee for prom king. He came up to my friend and asked her to vote for him. He then proceeded to write "penis" on her hand with a magic marker and his stage name and number on her arm. So random.It's one of those ad lib type things. If you're looking for an actual show, this isn't it. My friend was right when she said we should've gone in wasted! It might have been a lot more entertaining!
1	I wanted to let you know how disappointing the Awesome 80s Prom show that my husband and I attended this Sunday, Sept 2. There were many confused guests and nobody knew exactly what was going on with the people involved in the show.  Where they characters, pretending to be some actor in the 80s? We left after 15 minutes of confusion. It was not a play or comedy. Just a large room with liquor sold and people sitting around the bar area...We though it would be a musical or something worth seeing for the amount of money we PAID !!!! I give this a big FAT ZERO and a total waste of our time.
1	Free was too expensive.  The room was chaotic and not entertaining.  We got dressed up and everything ready for a good time, ready to interact and nothing just people screaming and running around.  We left 20 minutes into the show.
1	Not exactly sure how I can put this: It is a musical in the minuscule secondary room upstairs located at V Theatre that has a simple enough template storyline but is just confusingly bad. Could be cute if it were a jr. high school production putting it on for 5$ or something, but really is not worth whatever they will charge for it here. You will recognise the majority of the songs, and I suppose if you are really fucked up it could be highly entertaining. If you are sober, you probably will not find it that amusing. Some of the actors do indeed try (namely 'Turtle' and the goth character); in fact, in a different production with a different play (maybe somewhere other than the V theatre, that seems to be plagued with seriously bad series of shows). - EPostscript. I found the rail thin principle female character to be good as well; unfortunate that the play script is awful.
3	ONE WORD: CHEESY.The way I see it, the only people that might like this show and actually understand it are those that were born before the 80's. That's why I think it's an ok show, because I actually experienced that era. From what I noticed, the 90's and beyond babies that were in the crowd had no idea about the material that was being presented. It's all about the 80's from music, to movies, to clothes, and everything in between. Of course the actors that portray their characters are all in their 20's. Im assuming they had to do a lot of "research" by watching a lot of teen movies like "The Breakfast Club", "Sixteen Candles" and "Say Anything" just to name a few. These guys actually do a pretty good job doing their skits and singing popular one hit wonder songs like, "Take On Me", "Whip It", and "Addicted to love".In the end I gotta admit I had  a decent time reliving my childhood and pre teen years
1	It aint a secret that I am a big Sirc Michaels fan. The guy is smart, puts great, low budget productions together and well , he approaches theater differently and I encourage that. Which brings me to the enxt question? What happened here.The concept is fun. Catchy. I mean, 80's!1 who doesn't love the 80's and who doesn't love a cheesy story line about the 80s!!! Think about it..so much music, so many movies so many references that can be used, however, the execution was poor at its finest.Lets start with the room itself. Not a bad theater. Kinda big for what the show is but not bad at all. Seats were comfy and you were very close to the actors. For a minute you forgot that you were inside a huge casino in las vegas. Is that bad? No, not at all. Its actually awesome as this type of production belongs to a small theater and thankfully you keep that feeling.The props .The props?? What props? Nothing was used for props. Everything left to your imagination..Yes I like the use your brain concept but come on at least give me something to work with. Am I spoiled because of Evil dead or dead head? Maybe, but remember that this tickets are a little more expensive as when E.D was at the onyx and they still had props.I like the outfits, the dialogues and the classic 80's story line and the movie references that the host rewards you for was a pretty interactive part.The show is a musical, and here is my main problem. Why the heck aren't you using people that can sing? The blonde girl was doing a great job (acting and singing), and so was the older gentleman that was the host of it. But when the hottest chick (the one wearing a black skirt) in the show decided it was her turn to sing.;HOLY CRAP ..I can tell you right now that the whole audience childhood memories were hurt forever. She did some damage with her singing or awful attempt to. The rest of the cast (notincluding blondie and older black fella) couldn't sing at all either, but at least I didn't feel like medusa was turning me into stone like hot chick did. Seriously guys, why???If the show was free , or 5 to 10 dollras, at a crappy location, donating its profits to cure cancer or if you are as drunk as you can be then I would understand .But at the price that it goes for, and its location Im sad to announce that this show doesn't worth it at all.Change the cast, (keep the blonde and the black fella), use some cheesy props, and you will see that the production (and reviews) will get better inmediatly.I know you can do it Sirc..youve done it before and can be done again.
2	Saw this show on a whim the other night. We did not pay for the tickets so I can't complain too much. I must first say that I thought the cast was great working with what they had (small stage, even smaller audience, weak script) but overall the show needs a lot of work or else I'm not sure how long it will last!It just seems very low budget. The costumes looked like the cast was told to bring in their own and the same could be said for hair and makeup...looked fine but certainly nothing professionally done. There are no set changes or props and with that being said it needed a stronger storyline to save it. Lighting wasn't great although I suppose I've seen worse. The cast was strong but looked very young. Kind of surprising this show is on the Vegas strip. Lackluster production had high school musical quality...sorry!
2	I was not going to write a review because I felt I wouldn't be able to add to what was already written but then I saw the ticket prices!!  $49.99!!!  Wow, I didn't pay for my tickets so I was able to watch the show with very little expectations. Song selection was good, all the cast sing well but the script is weak and is just filler to get you to the next song. If I paid full price I would've been quite upset. Granted at that price range you can't expect grade A quality but there are so many better options in or around that price range. I think a fair price is around $30 a ticket
1	Voted the #1 Most Unimpressive Show I've Ever Seen at Any Price!This would be acceptable as free entertainment in the afternoon at Circus Circus. At $65 per person this show is robbery. The script is not clever or funny, there is no vocal talent on stage (they sound about as good as I do in my car) and I think they took line dancing lessons at the saloon last night. The production value is very low. The costumes look like they fell out of a hobo's @ss and there are no stage props other than TVs on a black wall.The "interactive" part of the show happens when  the narrator character drags up random audience members to play inflatable "air guitars" for a bit or to be "backup singers" that do a conga line. Those were the peak moments that the show never reached again.There are good, moderately priced shows in Vegas but this is not one of them.
3	I saw this show while I was in Vegas for Thanksgiving. Mom and I were looking for shows that were going on, and there weren't that many. But Legwarmers caught I am a big fan of the 80s, even though I was born in the 80's. I did think it was a bit cheesy at some parts, but it was enjoyable to a point. Don't think I'll be coming back soon though.
1	what's worse than awful? This has got to be 1 of the most horrendous productions that the Planet Hollywood too many damn shows has ever produced. Please don't waste your time: unimaginative "dance" in numbers and more cheese than a Wisconsin dairy farm. Plase, don't go there.
