5	My feet were hurting after walking the strip for 7 hours the day prior. So the husband and I set out to Chinatown in search of a good foot massage. First of all, Chinatown is not just that Chinese inspired strip mall you come up on. There are like two foot spas in there, I recommend driving further. We found Big Foot massage on the right hand side of the road driving away from the strip. We had not made reservations but were still able to walk right in and be ushered to the back. I opted for the full body massage ($35 that day). There were only two employees working that day, and it was the man that did my massage. He started by instructing me to put my very sore and tired feet into the most inviting hot water soak ever! He then brought me water, and began to work magic on my feet. Within minutes I forgot all about that treacherous 7 hour walk along the strip the day prior. He then worked on my shoulders, and eventually my back. Now I love a good deep tissue massage as much as the next under paid over worked american schmuck, but wowee. I am slightly bruised 2 days later. But I feel great and I know it's all because of the wonderful massage my husband treated me to at Big Foot Massage. Some advice. Just because the people working there don't speak English well, and have accents doesn't mean you need to speak to them in broken English. To the guy that came in near the end of my massage... you sounded like a jerk. Also the rooms don't go up to the ceiling so any idiotic thing you may say, or weird sounds you make will be heard by all.... Other than that. Assume experience.
5	This  place is assume i went to so many body massage place in one yr  finally i choose one place here this place is bomb now i went here every month  price is not too expansive only 35$ for body and feet massage for one hr try here!!!! Taw taw  thank u very much!!!!!
1	After sushi in China Town, I had the idea to go get foot massages with my boyfriend. Found this place on yelp, and the reviews seemed good. We went there and they had a special going on. 1 hour for "full body." Sat down and was really sketched out. It was almost creepy. The massage was decent, I've had much better and they were extremely rough. Not rough as in the pressure of the massage but rough as in they were tossing and smacking our limbs around. Not to mention the two massaging us were whispering to each other the ENTIRE time!!! Not relaxing AT ALL!!!!! Honestly, save your damn money. This was a joke. Never again!!! I almost forgot! They hustled me into tipping them more than they deserved! I was just trying to avoid a fight. DO NOT GO HERE!!!!!!!
2	After volunteering at Ronald McDonald House, I decided to check out Big Foot Spa since a friend's friend mentioned that she got an hour of 'feet' massage here.  I've been wanting to try a place that will just do feet.  When I entered, I politely whispered my request of an hour of just 'feet' massage.  A lady responded in a loud tone of voice.  I thought that was strange but I guess there were no customers there at the time.  A guy that spoke English mentioned that the grand opening special of $19.99 is only for feet and I said that is what I want.  He asked if I prefer a male or female, and I said I prefer someone good and strong. Like any other place, my feet were first soaked in hot tea water.  Then the masseuse game me a face and scalp rub, followed my arm rub.  I didn't care for it, but it was really hard to communicate with her.  When she gave me the feet massage, it was more of a feet, shins, and calves rub.  I was hoping that this masseuse knows the pressure point on the bottom of one's foot and apply pressure, not a foot rub.  Anyone can do foot rubs.  Heck my husband is better at it.  Too bad he rather gives me money to get a massage than do so himself.I won't be coming back to this feet massage spot.
5	This place is better than most Groupon massages and for $20 an hour, it can't be beat.  First of all, the foot massage includes a very relaxing head, shoulder, back and arm massage as well as a very warm foot bath and one of the best foot massages.  It was also very clean with dim lights and Chinese flute music playing in the background.  No other massage made me feel so much like jello afterwards. I am seriously thinking about the $35 body massage.  P.S Ask for the Chinese blond guy, he's the best!
5	Super pleased!!! After walking into two other places and not being helped I stopped in here. So glad I did the lady working was awesome I think her name was Taw Taw!!! I went with the full body for $35 and was not disappointed!!! I walked out of there headache free.
1	Don't waste your money on here, go somewhere else.
5	Don't waste your time going any where else. THIS IS THE PLACE. This place is GREAT your ft. Are soaking in very warm water will getting your neck and head, arms massaged very relaxing. The woman's name Tao Tao  does a great job on the feet as hard as you want and also getting the pressure points. The place is plesent  and comfortable. I have been to a lot of  places in the last two yrs. this is the best. Don't forget to tip good they work hard.  You won't be sorry.
