5	I've been there on several occasions and have always enjoyed a great experience. The service is incredible, thanks to the capable and personable staff. The meals are an amazing fusion of southeast asian flavors combined with local ingredients. Be sure to bring your appetite and your wallet as the portions are massive but worth the treat. Folks with shellfish allergies need to be wary as Bhima's has a extensive menu that caters to seafood lovers.By far one of the best restaurants in the Kitchener-Waterloo area. Friends that live in Toronto and have vacationed in Bali made the drive to enjoy a meal here. Nuff said.
5	I went here for my birthday with my parents, and i must say very good food.my parents lived in indonesia for a year and they said this was a good comparison to what good food was there. it was expensive but it was really good.
5	I went to Bhima's last night with my wife and friends. I am very impressed. It is not often that you find such a great fusion of Indonesian cuisine, or of any cuisine for that matter. Our table had a wide sampling of the menu and everything was amazing. There were oyster shooters to start, we had venison, duck, angus steak, fish and risotto. Everything was perfectly done and delicious.The atmosphere is eclectic, dark and romantic. The wonderful smells from the open concept kitchen fill the restaurant. The staff are helpful and friendly. It was a great experience.The food is rich and flavourful. They use a number of curries and some of the dishes are spicy. If you are a meat and potatoes type, you might not like this food, but then you probably aren't looking for Indonesian in the first place ;) The meal was also very expensive, so be prepared. We spent about $150 per person with several drinks and cocktails.Speaking of the cocktails, they have a great selection and there are a couple of specially created ones on the feature menu each night. If you can, take a cab so that you can enjoy them, they are worth it.The restaurant was packed, so I would recommend a reservation. Despite the number of people, it was still fairly quiet and comfortable. They don't pack the tables in like at some restaurants.
5	I've lived down the street from this place for almost 3 years, and all this time I thought it was one of those carpet stores with year-round clearance sales. I was very wrong. Once you look past the tall, aged wooden fence, you'll find one of the best restaurants in the Kitchener-Waterloo region. Most of their menus don't have prices, so this isn't a place to go to be frugal. They were somewhat short staffed on my Thursday night, but the waitress was extremely competent, friendly, and helpful. To start, they make very special cocktails. Most of my group got mojitos, which they serve in a pint-sized glass with pieces of grapefruit, lime, and pineapple. Throughout the drink there were chunks of pulp that gave the drink a very nice texture. One of the best drinks I've ever had. Try it!The food was very impressive. Flavour was kept to be tasteful and not overwhelming. It should be noted that they have pretty big portions for their entrees. It might be worth over-ordering just to see the tin-foil origami they make for you to use to take food home. A set of various home-made sauces (jalepeno, chili, vinaigrette) come with many of the dishes. Many of the dishes contain steak, which they cook to perfection. The majority of their entrees are seafood oriented, though. Everyone in my party ordered something different, and everyone argued that theirs was best. We had the patio to ourselves, which had easy-going, modern music playing all night (there was some Stars on at one point -- http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1hZ7fgT0CBU). The patio was decorated with several comfy chairs, tables of various sizes/shapes, and a small fish pond in the middle. We were quite impressed by the indoor decor, which had a dark indonesian theme.
5	If you can get past the sketchy looking exterior, you will be pleasantly surprised. They switch up the menu once in a while so its nice to be able to try something new whenever I go. The service is a bit slow sometimes so don't go if in a hurry. This place definitely isn't cheap, but the food is fresh and delicious.
5	Wow! I've had in the pleasure of two perfect meals in my life not counting two very close calls at the Paul Bocuse just outside of Lyon, France and The Chateaux des Fines Roches near Avignon in France.My first perfect meal was at the long-gone Fenton's in Toronto, where the fresh Washington State Lamb, still remains on my palette some 25 years later and the second, last Monday night as I celebrated my 35th anniversary with my bride at Bhima's Warung! Wow! What an explosion of taste and texture.I simply love this place! No, it's not new and shiny, but you can feel the character just oozing off the walls. This is a place where real artistry happens by a culinary pro! If located in Toronto, it would be placed on the same pedestal as Sasur Lee's first resto, Lotus.I had the Muscovy duck served on a bed of perfectly cooked noodles and the curry sauce was excellent. Very mild spice, but well balanced to the robust flavor of the duck. For appetizer, pan fried duck pate served with battered green fried tomatoes was a wonderfully presented feast for the eyes and stomach.My wife had a baked oyster appetizer she raved about followed by a monkey fish (monk) lobster main that put a big smile on her face too.Not cheap to be sure, but for us at least worth every penny. We'll be back often.The service staff here are incredibly engaged with all patrons and seem to be strengthened by the knowledge that the food here delivers a not easily forgotten experience and they exude pride in being there.They understand they work in a very special place and it shows.One final note: at the moment, the place is not very accessible and it was a little awkward to get my wheelchair in and out, but the staff handled this with great care. They are installing a ramp soon however.No question about it for me, 10 out of 10!
5	Wow... I've never seen unanimous 5 star ratings for a restaurant before. Bhima's deserves it and I'm adding mine. It looks like nothing special from the outside. Don't let appearance fool you. Every dish is a work of art--a treat to the eyes and the taste buds.The Goi Tai dumplings are wonderful with a delightful combination of sweet and spicy sauce. The Moo Brickman ale-hoisin ribs are rich and fantastic!
5	FANTASTIC RESTAURANT.I was introduced to this place by a coworker. Having been to Indonesia earlier this year, I was interested to try out this restaurant.If my introduction didn't emphasize it enough, I really enjoyed this place. It is hard to find and based on the location/building facade, I don't think you would expect such a good restaurant under your nose.The interior of the restaurant was very nice, decorated in a very open kitchen style - similar to some of the building architecture/materials you would find in south east asia.The food was great. I had the Laksa Bhima and the portion is HUGE. It was very delicious and the portions of seafood were quite generous. I was filled even without a starter/appetizer. I would definitely come back to this place - and try more of the dishes. Hands down a 5-star restaurant in my opinion.
5	Best restaurant in Waterloo! I've been in Waterloo for 4 years and have never been till now. They have really good fusion dishes as well as special entrees such as deer and ahi tuna. I would definitely recommend this place to anybody. PS. The menu might make the food seem very cultural but its actually light so its easy to adapt.
4	Was I supposed to give it full star to help it keep its perfect record? I decided to go with my heart.While it came close, I just couldn't bring myself to give it perfect marks because the fact is, I came out of there under-impressed. First of all, I don't think it was super authentic. A lot of the descriptions left me quite confused. Was I in a french restaurant? Was I at a sports bar? What the heck should I get to give me a "true Indonesian experience"?! So maybe it was a fusion, which is cool too since when it comes to food, I am 100% open-minded. Either way, I don't usually judge food by its 'authenticity' (I have one criteria, yummy or super yummy), so this is not even where it lost its mark.I ordered the Laksa and it was beautifully presented, little bamboo steamer for the rice and all. The seafood swam on a delightful broth that was sweet and flavorful. It became sort of a saving point once I tried the rice, because that was aromatic but somewhat blend for my taste. The bone that I had to pick was, none of the seafood stood out in particular for me, not the mussel, nor the shrimp, and even the scallop that I was momentarily impressed with, I later remembered it tasted exactly like the fried scallops that I get at my relative's fish and chips place. They were not overwhelmingly creative or flavorful, maybe it was the way they were cooked or the sauce that complemented them, I don't think they brought out that burst of freshness that should come with seafood. Essentially, while the meal was NICE, it was well... nothing special.And why do I insist on having something special? If I'm going to be paying $50 something for a meal while on a student budget... is that too much to ask?Maybe I am overly critical, and if someone treats me to this again, I would gladly follow along and have a great meal, but in terms of my expectation and the reality, all I can say is that maybe it was built up too much. I would say definitely try it, but don't psych yourself up too much, as with all things.
2	We've had great dining experiences here before but we won't be returning after our last visit.My bison dish was very good, but my wife's deer dish was mediocre.  Her deer was over cooked and tough, the potatoes were under cooked.  Neither of us could cut through the over fried pastry wrapping some vegetables.It was a special occasion, so we ordered a vintage bottle of wine.  Upon tasting the wine, I had expressed some concerns and we agreed to re evaluate in 15 minutes.  After 15 minutes I had to ask for the manager repeatedly, she eventually arrived after another 15 minutes went by.  She took the position that the wine is fine just not to our liking and offered 2 complementary glasses of house red wine.  I disagreed, this $200 bottle of wine is either spoiled or terrible, in any case not drinkable after being stored in their cellar for many years.So we had no wine to drink until half way through our main entree.  I burnt my mouth on the tempura frog legs.  It took 10+ minutes for them clear the appetizer plates.  They also insisted on serving a dessert tray even though I advised them I cannot eat sugar and desserts.This restaurant missed the point by squabbling over an expensive bottle of wine.  They should have focused on making this a great dining experience; instead it was one of the biggest dining disappointments we've experienced, costing $367 for 2 (without tip).For the record, we consumed no more than 3 oz of the wine that we paid for but they have.  I even left them with my phone number in case the owner wanted to make amends (as the manager seemed to have no authority).  I suggested that I pay for the 2 glasses of wine and I will return again, or I will reluctantly pay for the (undrinkable) bottle of wine and never return.  They chose the latter and lost a customer.P.S.  I would have rated it one star but I give some credit to the manager trying to appease us (as ineffective as that was).P.P.S.  There are several other fine restaurants in Waterloo with better food, wine and service and cost significantly less too!
5	Truly incredible food in a somewhat unexpected location in what seemed to be a strip mall in Waterloo. I haven't had other Indonesian to compare with, but this seemed to be more of a new wave or fusion menu which mixed traditional dishes including the red deer curry I tried. The plates are huge, to the point that they don't really fit on the smaller tables. The craft beer selection was excellent and the dunkelweizen I had paired excellently with the venison. The meat was all very well seasoned and tender. The naan was also excellent, though I didn't really need it with the huge dish. I was fully stuffed, but had to try the dessert based on how good the food was, and was not dissapointed with the fried bananas. I was surprised how empty it was given how delicious the food was, but the high prices may have kept locals away.
5	I travel around the world constantly and where do I find a 5-star dinner and all around experience?  In Waterloo, Ontario, Canada at Bhina's Warung!  The food and service was great.  I had the ribs and the sauce was perfect.  The bananas desert was prepared perfectly.  Just try this place and you won't be disappointed.
5	By far my favorite restaurant in the Kitchener-Waterloo area. Located in a non-descript strip mall, you wouldn't think that upon open the doors is a tropical paradise.  The decor is exotically playful but tasteful.  The immediate acknowledgement of the servers upon entry and seating was well received and consistent across the multiple visits I've had here.  The primary server is always excellent but they seem to work as a well oiled team with prompt drink refilling, reorders and passion for great service and food.  You can tell they love the restaurant and it makes me love it that much more.  There are always great specials beyond the menu and as noted on said menu they'll be happy to make old favorites if you can describe it.  They are pleasantly flexible which is wonderful and appreciated.  It's also fun to see what's going on in the open kitchen, gives a liveliness to the atmosphere.The food itself is wonderful, succulent poultry, tasty seafood in a flavorful sauces with little tasty sauces.  It's also plentiful as I've yet to leave without a take away box which helps out a bit considering the cost (which is absolutely 1000% worth it).  This most recent time I went with duck and rice instead of pancakes and I loved it.  My girlfriend went with a FULL chicken that was a massive wonderfully smelling savory nearly tray of awesomeness.
4	The saying "you shouldn't judge a book by it's cover" can not be more true with Bhima's Warung. They could definitely touch up the exterior a little better, but let me tell you about their wonderful service and my delicious meal so you can make an informed decision on what to eat tonight.To begin, let me just note that you should save this for special occasions. The prices are pretty steep averaging around $35 per entree. They have a reason to price it at that level though.We ordered the dry aged angus rib eye beef with red curry, and the surf and turf, which included beef tenderloin slivers and giant tiger shrimps. Both portions were very generous. The surf and turf was very flavourful, but it just couldn't compare to how great the rib eye was. I had ordered it medium rare and they had cooked it perfectly. They finished it off with an incredibly crispy exterior and an unbelievably juicy pink interior. Forget the red curry sauce, I was perfectly content with devouring the steak as it was. The onion rings were lightly battered and deep fried to add more crunch to the overall plate.The service was very amicable and attentive. My favourite moment was when I had asked for my steak to be packed up to-go, and they had packaged the take-out in the form of an aluminum swan. Very cute and added a nice element of surprise.The restaurant has an exotic ambiance to it and the lighting is pretty dim. It isn't too noisy inside so it makes it a nice place to bring a date and have an intimate conversation. The patio looks well-decorated as well, so definitely check that out when the weather gets a little warmer.Overall, very satisfied with the meal and service. Another good find in the city of Waterloo!
5	Fantastic and unique dining experience!From the exterior, this restaurant is easily overlooked. I would have never known that this was a restaurant, nevertheless one of the best restaurants in KW!The food here is packed with flavour. Honestly, each bite gives you a punch of flavour in a really good way. However, the portion sizes are HUGE. I mean, really big. This justifies the price you are paying for the meal. You will walk out of here feeling happy and full. It's not really a dressy restaurant. And if you're like me and don't like getting fancied-up to go and enjoy some good food, this is the place to celebrate any occasion, get high quality food, and enjoy your dining experience. Good restaurant to go to for any occasions (if you are willing to spend some $$$)!
5	My only regret is not to have found this place earlier. I couldn't believe such a good restaurant is in Waterloo!It's a bit on the pricey side, in line with high-scale restaurants, but totally worth every cent we paid.Try the duck (with noodles): simply perfect!
4	Definitely the best dining experience in Waterloo and everything tastes so good. The servers are super enthusiastic about their jobs and are really helpful when deciding what to order. This place's only real competitor is Wildcraft, and it is priced as such too. Really love the place but wouldn't be a regular as its pretty pricey for students
4	Really enjoyed my experience here. Definitely one of its kind in Waterloo. The dishes were different and creative (Asian fusion with lots of curry options, seafood is amazing!). The drinks were delicious as well. Servers are very helpful in suggesting popular and seasonable dishes. Loved the setting of the place - perfect place for a date (quiet, dim and romantic), good for a group gathering as well. The only downside is that it's a bit overpriced, especially the drinks. P.S. Be sure to make reservations before you go.
5	Had very high expectations going in, and Bhima's completely lived up to the hype. The food was absolutely delicious and unique, combining different styles and cuisines. The portions were very generous, and you could tell they took no shortcuts; the level of attention to detail was extraordinary. They even wrapped our left-overs in the shape of a swan for us to take home.
3	As an Indonesian, I was curious to try the only indonesian restaurant in the area (as far as I know).The exterior can get some touch to make it more appealing. The interior is way classier than I thought.I tried their special, ayam bakar (in english, grilled chicken) which was a very large portion and pricey. The food was not so authentic, unfortunately, but very tasty. The waiter was very attentive and friendly, and they seem to have quite a number of regular customers who are very excited to try out different kind of menu.
4	Warm atmosphere with good food that was well presented. Staff was attentive and friendly. We sampled the appetizer plater and had the duck special as well, both were delicious. Also sampled a few featured cocktails that were presented with fresh fruit.Only thing I would mention as a drawback from getting 5 stars would be the exterior entrance and the need for a better fume hood in the kitchen. Would definitely return.
5	Thankfully some local friends knew about this diamond in the rough.  Bhima doesn't look like much until you walk up and see their lovely patio or walk in and smell the delightful aromas wafting over from their kitchen.  You can just ignore the menu as they seem to regularly have quite a selection of daily specials which include cocktails, beers, appetizers, and entrees. If you can't make up your mind there is a tasting menu with 7 micro courses.  Everything is made fresh with great care, which means... You can't go wrong.
5	This place is amazing!  I have been there many times and always love the food. I would recommend it to anyone who lives here or is just visiting. It's definitely not a cheap place to eat on a budget but you get what you pay for. This is some of the best food in the area hands down.
1	That was my worst dining experience. Sitting there for over 15minutes waving my hands and had no server ever come by. We talked with a server, she was nice but keep saying our server will be with us shortly. Do after a long time of waiting, I directly went to one server myself asking her if we have at least have our water served. The water arrived shortly I started thinking the server is really nice to us. But a manager looking woman came to us and spoke very very very rude to us:"you will never talk to our server directly this is not elementary school." I was directly insulted. I have been waving my hands in the air for such a long time and I did apologize to those customers myself right after I talked to the server. I was trying to argue with this manager, but what she said really really pissed me off. She said other guests have reservation and I don't. I mean, is that how you treat your customer? If I don't book a reservation, I will not be treated with manner? Am I supposed to be treated without any water for such a long time, and then being yelled at after I tried to get it?!?!!!!!! I was just so angry about all this shit. Then this woman said, if you can't take it, leave, this is not an elementary school. Is this how a restaurant treat their guests? They definitely need to learn how to do business and treat your client! I will give this restaurant zero star if I can and will strongly advice you guys not going there. The price they tag may fit their food, but the service is the worst I have ever experienced. I don't even know how she has this job thinking of the way she treated me. Do not go to this restaurant!
5	I was back here at Bhima's last week. Still such a great experience. The food was delicious as before, and the service was impeccable.I won't hesitate coming back, ever.
