2	French Coiffures Michael and Anthony offer a "unique" hair experience.  I sucked up the $50 per cut price tag (tips not accepted) and left my hair to their sheers. First, they were running a half hour late (not so bad).  Then my hair was hacked.  I really mean hacked, there is nothing natural about such a shattered cut (especially after the first wash).  Finally, Michael cut my hair while simultaneously working on two other clients; which left the wash, dry and everything else to the overworked staff.  Overall, totally unimpressive.  Go to Sean @ Lewis' down the street instead.  La fin!
1	I really wanted to like this salon! It's close to my house and opens very early. Even recommended by a friend (although with reservation, as she wasn't happy with her hair that day). I had a cut, all-over color and blow dry. Unfortunately I ended up with a bad trifecta - bangs cut too short (isn't this the first thing they teach?), color that washed out and didn't match, and a style that I can't work with despite 2 weeks of trying. The owner, Anthony, and his asst were very friendly, but I think his style of working on several clients simultaneously leads to error and a lack of focus. He is an expert blow-dryer, and was able to compensate for the cut that day, (with the exception of the bangs), but I washed it 2 days later only to see that the color washed to gold and didn't stay brown, and I never could style it. In addition, despite a sidewalk sign offering a deal for new clients, I wasn't offered the discount (& paid $100).  It's too bad, really.
5	I don't understand the lack of love for Izzi Coiffure here on Yelp. Then again, I do.  This salon is not for everyone. If you're expecting a long, "pampering" hair experience, then go elsewhere.  This staff truly works as a team, and you may have several stylists working on your tresses at different times due to the small space and large clientele.  But the process is quick and you will always look fantastic when you leave. Having gone there several times now, I doubt I will go anywhere else in Pittsburgh to get my hair done.  They go above and beyond my "four-point tomboy checklist for beauty". Point 1. They are QUICK.  Both Anthony and Lori are bayalage experts.  Bayalage means the color is hand painted (or "swept' for you linguists).  No foils, no caps. It's amazingly fast and looks very natural. Point 2.  I have NO IDEA what I'm doing when it comes to beauty.  Thankfully, the lovely people at Izzi do! I tell them what my concerns/hopes are for my pathetic hair, and they actually tell me what they think. Point 3.  I always leave happy.  I understand how others may be uneasy going through a salon "assembly line", but I find that their team effort only improves the quality of their work.  Anthony and Lori are always checking up on each other and their assistants.  Point 4. They have an awesome schedule. They work around their busy clients, and not the other way around.  The good folks at Izzi Coiffure have early (we're talking 6 am!) and late hours, weekends included.  They are closed on Tuesdays.  Moreover, you can schedule via phone, text, or email. So convenient.Overall, I am happy to say that I have found my permanent stylist(s).  They have specials for new clients, so definitely give Izzi Coiffure a try!
5	i used a social media coupon (maybe a groupon, I can't remember) and visited the Aspinwall location.  I was very pleased with the cut, the coloring, and the "deal."  I liked the stylist, Jenn, and she was the only one to work on my hair, and I did not at all feel rushed as some others report.  I paid $40 for the "deal" which was half price. I'm used to paying at least $120 for cut, color and highlights at another salon - so when I returned for my 2nd appointment (this time in the Shadyside salon), paying only $80 (full price) for the same services was very appealing.  Again, it was Jenn who worked on my hair and she did the full service - no switching off, as reported in previous reviews.  I will definitely continue to use this salon (prefer the Aspinwall location) if each session is as pleasant and the result as satisfactory as my first 2 visits - ESPECIALLY with the price being so much more reasonable than I am used to.I'm never written an online comment about service before but since my experience was so different than others here, I thought it would be fair to add my account of my experiences.
