5	Found a new place at the Tempe Marketplace with a Grand Opening Banner above the door and thought I'd check it out. I had a Southwest Burger which was delicious. I was the first one in the door at 11am so service was fast, food came out quickly and the staff was very nice. That whole corridor at the Marketplace has great places to eat lunch quickly and healthily. (Is that a word?)Highly recommend it!I think it used to be called Cheeburger Cheeburger, but I never went there.
2	Went there with my boyfriend...I ordered the BLT...I've had BETTER!  It tasted a little sour, like sourdough bread...I asked for white bread. Also, I asked for coleslaw as the side....got chips!  The server looked very bored and she was hovering...very annoying just so you know!  And please, get some sweet n low!  I will say this,  my boyfriend ordered the Cuban Panini and his was good.  Would I go back..maybe if it is busier so I don't feel like I am being watched and IF they get my order right.
2	Got together with a bunch of friends for dinner here tonight, & it was my first visit.  The menu consists mostly of sandwiches with hamburger, fried fish, & big, expensive salads.  I had a Patty Melt & fries, & while the seasoned fries were good, I thought the sandwich didn't compare with the same one at the place that invented it, Norm's Restaurant in L.A., where it costs less & has a big 1/2 lb. of tasty burger on it, along with the cheese & sauteed onions.  The meat patty on this one was kind of dinky & dry, & the price, along with most everything else on the menu was about $10, which struck me as high for what you get.The friends were great company, but I wasn't impressed at all with the food here.
3	My wife and I were walking around Tempe Marketplace around lunch time when we were randomly handed a menu by one of Stella's staff members.  The girl told us that it was a great new place right around the corner.  We took a look at the menu and decided to be crazy and give it a shot.The place only had a few people dining and we were given our choice of table.  I guess this is the old Cheese Burger-Cheese Burger location but I'm not sure if it looks the same inside or not because I've never been there.  Anyway, I think the vibe they are going for is some sort of 50's diner or something.  Actually, I have no idea.  The place's name, decor and food is just random.We each ordered a 10ish dollar salad and they were pretty good.  Better than Paradise right across the street?  Not really.  But pretty good and I would order it again if I were starving and the line at Paradise is too long.The whole time I was there I was thinking WTF was the proprietor thinking when he/she opened this place?  I'm guessing it is a person with a ton of money to blow.  I just really think that a new restaurant has to have a clear specialty or some sort of niche and not just randomness.  It didn't help either that they were out of vanilla syrup for a vanilla Coke and ran out of red onions.Anyway, I have to say the service was pretty good.  Our waitress was very fast and friendly.  The prices are a bit more than they should be but not by much.
2	Went to go to cheeburger-cheeburger and found out they were out of business, so gave it's replacement, Stella's Kitchen a try. Decor has changed to a more modern red/black theme from cheeburger's 50's diner feel. Overall, it seemed pretty nice on first viewing.Service was ok, however they screwed up my order (i have a gluten intolerance, i notified the server and asked for my burger without bread, and it came on a bun). Also, my friend ordered a sandwich and asked that they leave the tomatoes off, to which he received the reply that they don't make the food there, it's shipped in frozen and they can't alter the sandwich. Food wasn't terrible (fries were pretty good) but to be served frozen food reheated and not be compensated even slightly for screwing up my order in a way that makes it inedible to me (and for over $10 a plate) is a little much. I won't be going back.
1	This was my first and will be my LAST time dining at this establishment. I would have to say this place was very disappointing. Upon being seated at a dirty table I observed the wait staff standing around talking to the cooks by the open kitchen. Mind you we were one of the only tables in the place. We asked our waiter who we later found out was the assistant manager to please wipe our table down because it was obvious it had not been done. He did not acknowledge our request and proceeded to ask us for our drink orders finally after our drink order was made he wiped down the table. The lemonade my girlfriend ordered tasted very watered down. She asked for another drink and recieved a soda with what appeared to have spit floating on the top!!! She was so put off by this that when her meal came she couldn't even eat it. Her sister and I ate our food which was decent at best, and not well seasoned.    We ended up paying for our meal without complaining in consideration of the other customers and decided we would call later to inform a manager of what happened. When we did the manager hung up the phone after saying her assistant manager would never do that. This is the same manager who was sitting down in the front dining area drinking a soda with her shirt untucked talking about non work related issues with her employees while we were dining.    I'm a chef and have worked in food and beverage industry my whole life and have never seen management handle a situation like that. The wait staff should have been friendly and concerned about pleasing us as customers.    Over all I would much rather spend my money some where else, with a wait staff that cares about quality of service and present themselves in a professional manor.
4	I  think your review of this place depends on what you order. The menu is very very random. I ordered the fish and chips and it was really good. The fish was cut in large generous square pieces and cooked throughly. The seasoning was only on the batter but the quality of the fish was so good that you didn't even notice. The fries were hot and fresh and the service was amazing. Why did I give this place a 4 instead of a 5? The water was sooo gross. If you are going to serve water in a restaurant please use a filter, because faucet water is not good and it has an obvious taste. When I told the waiter about the water she look "appalled" and said "its filtered". I politely just ordered some apple juice, which she didn't charge me for. Hopefully they invest in a quality water filter. Other than that I thought the food I ordered was great and the service was really nice.
3	I came here twice on a less than 48-hr trip to visit my parents and thought it was okay. The first time was for lunch with my parents and sister. The place wasn't crowded at all and the weather was nice so we sat on the patio (I don't think anybody was sitting in the restaurant). I ordered a Cuban panini, which was pretty good. It came with a choice of coleslaw, side salad, regular fries, or sweet potato fries. I went with the coleslaw, which was kind of bland and I thought the cabbage was almost too shredded, but it wasn't bad. My mom also got a panini (the chicken pesto, which I tasted and thought was good as well), and she went with the sweet potato fries which were yummy. I thought it was a little odd that they give you A LOT of fries (well, at least in my mom's case), but if you order coleslaw it's a pretty small portion (well, at least in my case). My sister ordered a harvest salad & my dad ordered a blue cheese wedge salad and they both enjoyed what they got. The service was good, but like I said this place wasn't very busy. A couple friends of mine wanted to meet for breakfast before I left so I suggested Stella's since the lunch was good, and we wanted to go somewhere that wasn't gonna be too crowded. Once again there was nobody here. We sat inside and at any given time while we were there, there was only two or three tables occupied (including ours) with nobody on the patio. However, service was pretty slow. I ordered a yogurt parfait, which was okay but nothing special. The granola was good, but I was a little disappointed that the only "berries" that were included were strawberries (when I saw "berries"  on the menu I thought there would be a variety). My two friends both ordered whatever the breakfast was called that included eggs and potatoes. They both said there meals were good (especially the potatoes). I think we probably would have enjoyed our breakfast a bit more if service wasn't so slow (especially for how few people were actually in the restaurant). I thought the prices here were a tad high for what they offered (I didn't think the portions were that big for either breakfast or lunch), but it wasn't too bad. The paninis me and my mom ordered did include a side and were about $9. I think the salads my dad and sister ordered were about the same price. The breakfasts that we ordered were about $6-7, which isn't all that bad, but like I said the portions aren't all that big. Even though Stella's is in a food court at an outdoor mall (Tempe Marketplace), I did like the look/feel of the restaurant. The tables, chairs, and bar area all have black furniture that has a kind of "rustic" feel to it, and the walls are painted red, which gives the place a kind of "homey" fell. I'd come back to Stella's, but I wouldn't make it a priority...
2	======  CLOSED  ======This not-very-good place finally folded & has been replaced by a 5 Star Smashburger!!     :-))
