5	I am so excited that we are getting community acupuncture in Charlotte. I used to live close to Catherine's business up North and she helped me with a number of treatments. I suffer from migraines and occasional back pain. I would recommend accupuncture for anyone who has similar problems and more. I was a skeptic and can honestly say that it really works!Catherine is the best acupuncturist I've ever been to and the fact that these visits are going to be so affordable and local has me thrilled. This is something everyone should try.
5	I had a great experience at Charlotte community acupuncture and I can't wait to go back.  The facility is peaceful, professional and Catherine is a great practitioner.
5	Acupuncture done in a group setting.  It was great, very relaxing, and amazing for pain and much healthier than taking lots of drugs.  Given that this is a clinic, the prices are very reasonable so you can afford to go back to actually get your problem resolved.  I've been to many acupuncturists and they are as good as it gets!
4	Great alternative healthcare/medicine service in the Queen City! $20-$40 gets you a treatment! The acupuncturist was really nice and gentle, offering a warm welcome as I entered the office.Bring your ipod and headphones. Although they do a very nice job of keeping it quiet, you still hear the occasional shifting of clients, sweeping of floor, or whispering. They keep it at 74 degrees and it is comfortable, but if you get chilled easily (if your Qi isn't balanced yet), then bring something light to put over you. It was a lot more organized, clean, and cozy than I had anticipated. The bathrooms are located down the hall, outside of the suite and are very clean and modern. The ambiance is very soothing and inviting! I thought it would be a bit strange reclining in a large room with strangers while needles are sticking out of my body, but interestingly enough it wasn't weird at all.Bring cash, you can also ask for a receipt to use your flex spending account. Register online, do the paperwork at home and save $15. I'm happy that they opened! I really like how they offer affordable alternative healthcare for everyone on every budget. Give it a try if you haven't done acupuncture yet! You may need to commit to 5 treatments or so to see a difference (at least that is what I'm going to do). If you have questions, they offer a Thursday session for you to get your questions answered since you really cannot get into details of your treatment at the time of service (do to the community setting). At the end of the treatment, I found that I like the community setting because it's another experience for you and a friend/spouse/partner to share!
1	Well, the star is not for service since I CANNOT CONTACT THEM TO MAKE AN APPOINTMENT! But rather for not knowing WTF is going on.I tried making an online appointment and when I click on the link to book it, a message reads, "This business is no longer accepting online appointments.". When I tried to call the message says the number has been changed, disconnected or no longer in service.So... are they still in business?
