3	Order to go!  Definitely authentic and they don't speak much English.  But the service is friendly.  They even let me try the barbacoa when I asked what it tasted like while looking over the menu.  The flavors in their tacos really come through.  Chicken tacos are spicy all by themselves, and the guacamole is very simple, mostly avocado and lime juice.But I will throw in a few dings for the table seating which consists of metal fold up chairs, booth seats that are all torn up, and there was even a rusty nail sticking out of the side of one of them.  But the booths are still the best way to go if you insist on dining in.  The cuts of meat could be a lot better.  This is not going to become a regular place for me because I'm picky.  But I'll mark it down as an interesting experience and recommend it to anyone who wants to give them a go.  "You should try it, but it's not for me..."
3	I'll second the thought that the decor isn't much, because it isn't.  But I'm not sure about the idea that they don't speak much English.  While this isn't a Taco Bell, and definitely is place more off-the-beaten path than your average Americanized Mexican eatery, they speak better English than a lot of places you might find.Interesting because of their locale - in this section of Central, you're just as likely (if not more so) to find a place that doesn't speak any English at all - for instance, the Casa de las Enchiladas right down the block.In any case, the food is decent, but I didn't find it all that great.  If you're at the Central Avenue location, I'd go the extra half a block and go to Casa de las Enchiladas - though you might want to brush up on your Spanish first.
3	A place with a decent torta, finally!Another exciting feature: burrito vegetarian. And the quesadilla de hongos was muy tasty. Have yet to try the Rancheros or the Chilaquiles, as I keep coming here for sammiches. The squirt-bottle salsa thing is more funny than it is cool... but I was down, and dug on both the verde and the enjocoque (orange stuff, creamy-ish with a toasted nut aftertaste.... you know what I'm sprayin). I guess since they emphasize their torta selection, I was expecting that they would be more awesome. Mine (huevos con queso et all) was squishy and messy, and a little bland, but had quite a pile of jalapenos on it and is, thus far, the best torta I've had in Charlotte.Safe vegetarian bet with a somewhat authentic flavor. Will be back for more tortas (especially at the uber-reasonable price of $5!!)!!!
3	This is a decent standby taco place, offering pretty authentic corn tortilla/filling/onions/cilantro tacos of the sort I subsisted on in my home town of Chicago (a town known for its awesome variety of Mexican fare).The service at the counter is quick and friendly, they make good rojo and verde salsas, and everything seems fresh.This is no destination dining experience, but rather is best treated as a taco stand.  Grab your tacos and go!
5	As one of my coworkers said, this is where all the (Mexican) landscapers go.  If you like authentic Mexican run by authentic Mexicans, look no further.  They bring FOUR different salsas out with the chips, along with lime wedges!As uninviting as this place looks on the outside, there is no substitute for authentic food.  The lunch burritos (California burrito and burrito la unica) and lunch enchiladas are great.  When you factor in the price, they're phenomenal.  The shrimp fajitas for dinner are the best I've ever had.If you're the type that likes Cantina 1511, Don Pedro, Azteca or any of the other countless Americanized Mexican restaurants then you probably won't enjoy this one.  If you're looking to impress your date, then I recommend looking elsewhere.  But if you crave the real deal, with plenty of spice and zest, it doesn't get any better than La Unica.  I've been here with 8-10 coworkers, and the ones that like authentic, spicy food all love it.  The ones that prefer Don Pedro weren't as thrilled.Oh, and this review applies to the location on South Blvd (in the heart of "Little Mexico").  Never got to try the one in Plaza Midwood before it closed.
1	So good they don't need your business. They must be. I'm afraid I couldn't tell you. I looked them up Sunday evening and called to see when they closed. After being told 9pm, my girlfriend and I drove 8 miles just to walk in and be told they were closed. It was 7:45! Sorry, but that bears repeating. It was 7:45! The open sign was still on and the sign on the door clearly stated that they close at 10pm el Domingo. So unless Domingo has come to mean something other than Sunday since I studied Spanish, their open sign lacks an off switch or the restaurant exists in some Einsteinian time warp, they turned down paying customers hours before closing time. I'll leave it to you to decide which is more likely. I for one, will take my money somewhere it's actually appreciated.
3	Lengua taco not bad, Pastor Torta decent. Taqueria El Nevado a little further out on Central is noticeably better.
2	Service is ok, only if u know Spanish. Shrimp quesadilla is no good, the tiny mini steam shrimp in between two piece of tortillas. I don't think I would go back.
5	The salsa - wow!!!! Definitely a great place to have lunch.  I had the lunch chicken fajitas - so good!
