5	My eye doctor for the last 15 years moved over to Shepherd.  Went for first appt. today.  The doctor was just like always, professional and interested in my eyes.  The support staff, from the front desk to the exam room to checkout was outstanding.  As an aside:  another patient in a wheelchair using oxygen was running on empty.  An eye technician found a new oxygen canister for him and helped him hook it up.  This is service above and beyond.
5	Shepherd Eye Center is a 1st Class, friendly and, most importantly, professional medical facility.  I recently had cataract surgery on both eyes at the eastside Surgicenter and have had numerous appointments at the Summerlin location as well. Therefore, I have had experience with the staff at both locations, and they ALL could not be more gracious, friendly or compassionate. When my doctor/surgeon had to take an emergency medical leave just prior to my cataract surgery, Dr. Steven Hansen stepped in and did my surgery without skipping a beat!  As Dr. Hansen is the Medical Director at Shepherd Eye Center, he has administrative duties in addition to a full caseload of patients. For him to step up and take on additional patients is a testament to his professionalism and dedication, as well as to the culture at Shepherd Eye Center. The patients always come first!  For example, following both surgeries, I recieved a call from a staff member to make sure I was okay and that I had made it home safely!  I could not be happier with my experience at Shepherd Eye Center.  More importantly, I CAN SEE AGAIN!  Thank you, Dr. Steven Hansen!
1	My insurance carrier is a Humana HMO and I am required to be referred to specialist. My referral was to the Shepherd Eye Center for a glaucoma exam. I called to make an appointment and was told that my copay of $25.00 would cover the complete exam, as well as the reflective exam. The caveat, I was required to pay $30.00 for the results for reflective exam. I now have an appointment with the Nevada Eye and Ear. The results of my reflective exam were with their compliments.
5	Highly recommended! I saw Dr. Ravi Reddy and he was very thorough and asked me lots of questions about the changes in my vision. The staff was very friendly and professional. The facility was extremely clean. The one thing that could have been a little better was the variety of glasses they had to offer in there optical center...but I did find a cute though :)
5	My wife & I were referred here via CareMore & Dr. Tushina Reddy was recommended by our prior ophthalmologist & she is fantastic. Our experience was first rate from the moment we entered the office until we left. All of the staff people were so friendly & cordial. This appears to be an extremely well-run office - we couldn't have been happier with the care we received.
1	DO NOT go here....it is a complete cattle call and they DO NOT CARE about their patients at all. I wouldn't go back if they were the last place in town. Run, don't walk from here!
3	Took my niece for a follow up from a eye surgery ten days prior. The place was packed and it was 9am. Checked her in without any of the 6 nurses in the immediate reception area even looking my way to even say good morning but sign in here is pretty self explanatory. After we sat for about 30 minutes,  we were called back into a room. We told the nurse we were there for a follow up( duh what's the point in having a chart if  you don't bother to read it, but I digress) we were moved to a small dark corner that was the pediatric corner( literally a corner) we saw the Dr 5 minutes later,  did a quick exam while a nurse dictated results. He was personable to my niece and she liked him he remembered her which is all that really matters.  One more follow up was scheduled. Easy to do. Not sure I would choose to come back here for myself. I certainly wouldn't for just general eye care,too busy but were highly recommended for the pediatric care and the type of procedure that was done.
1	I have had my glasses for about 2 years. I have had to replace my lenses 3 times due to weird round like cracks. They look more like some film is coming off. I had to beg them to replace them the last time. Now it's doing it again. They said there is no film on them. Now they won't replace them again and I'm stuck with them and broke. Very frustrated!!!
5	Shepherd Eye Center is the hands-down best ophthalmology practice in the city. The doctors are caring, compassionate and exceptional. The staff was efficient and kind and the office is very clean. We will very impressed with both Drs. Reddy and had very professional experience. We will definitely return and recommend this office highly!
3	I have been a patient for almost 2 years now.  I called today to make an appointment and was greeted with the RUDEST most smart mouthed unprofessional person I have ever spoken to!  Her name was MICHELLE (she refused to give me her last name). I was taken aback by her complete ruddiness it was appalling!  Trying to make my yearly appointment, clearly I know I need to call several months in advance in order to get an appointment and THAT is what I was trying to do.  I really don't need a smart mouthed bitch answering the phone!  This makes your practice look HORRIBLE!  Your phone staff is your first point of contact with the public and that person should be the happiest person on the planet as they are representing your business!  I will be contacting her supervisor!
