5	Dr. Hui was great! He's such a nice doctor and took the time to answer all of my questions. He didn't try to rush me out of the exam room. I will definitely go back to see him when my prescription expires next year!
5	I honestly hadn't gone to an optometrist in roughly 6 years, since I had LASIK done awhile ago, but after getting a vision screening and seeing the results, figured it was time to try it again.  I generally look online for reviews, but honestly, I was in a bind and needed to be seen quickly, so I went back to the good ol' Sam's Club (first, Serene and Eastern, but after being denied, called the Arroyo location) and called to see if there was any availability for this past weekend.  Luckily, I was able to be seen by Dr. Hui on such short notice--calling for an appointment the day before, but then I kept having to move the appointment back due to some other schedule conflicts.  I finally walked in about 1.5 hours after the initial time that I had scheduled an appointment, but it was still ok.I signed in as soon as I got there, filled out a questionnaire, then had the routine eye exam.  I asked lots of questions, since I let Dr. Hui know that I'd had LASIK in the past (faint scarring at this point), but my vision was still intact.  Many hours of computer work and some night driving have made the surgery fade, so I'm waiting til I can get that corrected.  However, Dr. Hui made sure to explain every step of the testing and the rationale behind why these tests were necessary/what he was testing for.  I felt pretty comfortable, which is always a good sign, then got a light prescription for glasses (HD vs. non-HD according to the Doc).I paid at the end, (no insurance, regular exam is $65), took my prescription, and swiped some Easter candy--don't judge, they would've gone to waste, lol.  Then, I went next door to get my prescription filled after thanking Dr. Hui and his front office person.For good customer service and value, I definitely recommend seeing Dr. Hui.  Whenever I need to have another eye exam, I'll definitely come back and see him.
5	Dr. Hui is super nice.  He takes the time to educate and inform you what each gadget is for.  He's also very easy-going and very caring.
5	Wonderful Dr of Optometry! I've been here two times. Once for myself and once for my dad. Me:I walked in for a general eye exam. it wasn't busy and he was able to take me with no wait time. Dr. Hui was calm and through. he explained everything he was doing and even answered my silly eye questions. SUPERRR NICE Dr. i had a wonderful experience. i was in and out no in time.Daddy:Since i had such a wonderful experience i brought my daddy in to see Dr. Hui. He was having some trouble seeing from his newest pair of glasses he got from another location. let me say this Dr is PATIENT! Daddy is too nice to say he can't see until he actually needs to see. Hard problem to have when you need glasses! Dr Hui made sure my dad wasn't leaving the office with another pair of "okay" glasses. After a thorough troubleshoot and recheck of daddy's old glasses, my dad now has glasses he can see crystal clear!patient, kind, and knowledgeable! plus quick thorough treatment. thumbs up!!
5	After shopping around for a reasonably priced eye exam with a contact lens fitting, I decided to see Dr. Hui.  He is exceptionally kind. Throughout each part of the exam, he explained what each machine did and was incredibly helpful at answering any questions I had.  Afterwards, he explained what my best options were for contact lenses.  Dr. Hui's office is located in Sam's Club optometry with plenty of parking.  I experienced a short wait time even though I was a walk in patient.
5	I visited for my eye exam for contact lens. I got 10% student discount so I only paid $85 which is cheaper than Wal-mart($100). I didn't need to wait at all and started to get eye checkup as soon as I fill out a patient's form. It took only 20-25 minutes to finish up everything. It was a REALLY kindful service I've ever had. He let me wear the best fitted contact lenses he has, as he diagnosed, in order to check up if I feel comfortable with it. He asked me what brand I will order online and I got 10 pairs of contact lenses of the brand for free!! It's only a little hard to find the office(because it's small, but very clean.) so please call when you are near by Sam's Club then it's EASY.
5	I was completely out of contact lenses, and my prescription was expired, so I decided to head to Sam's Club to check out the eye doctor. I had been calling all morning around town and had found VERY expensive places considering that I have no insurance (Including Walmart which was over $100 just for a contact lens RX). I'm so glad destiny led me to Dr. Hui. I hadn't made an appointment, so I was a walk in and was ready to wait, but just so happens that the 11am appt was a no show, so I was able to squeeze right in. The doctor was FANTASTIC, you can tell that he loves what he does and making sure he helps people feel comfortable, and educated about their eye health. The exam ended up being $95 and I got a RX for both contacts, and glasses. I highly recommend this place, including the next door optical at Sam's. I got a 6 month supply of contacts with a $35 rebate, making an already cheaper option (Was a 1800-contacts customer, NEVER AGAIN.) an even better deal.
5	Brought my son in for regular eye exam before school starts. Dr. Hui was very professional and explained his eye tests thoroughly. My son was happy with his experience.
5	Found this place on trusty Yelp and was thoroughly surprised. First off I was trying to find a place that wasn't fully booked as I was trying to get a last minute eye exam since I ran out of contacts. Called this place around 230 and they had a opening at 430.Had to call them because I couldn't find the place since it was located in Sams club. No need for a membership. The receptionist was friendly and helpful and after I filled out the appropriate paperwork I went in to get my eye examed. I've had many eye exams before but this place seemed really thorough and tested for everything. Even my depth perception and peripherals. The optometrist was very helpful and fave me a bunch of samples for eye solution and contacts. He gave some samples for ciba vision dailies total 1. These rock but at a dollar per contact for daily lenses out of my budget. By far the most comfortable contacts I have ever tried.  He told me that price would probably drop after about a year so I'll be waiting till then to actually purchase. Also they don't sell glasses or contacts here. Sams club has another store just for that no membership needed.
5	The price of an exam was very reasonable even though my insurance wasn't accepted. Stephanie even tracked down paperwork so I can try and recoup some money from my insurance provider. Dr Hui was quick, thorough and very professional with the exam. The practice is located inside Sam's Club (no membership needed) and you can fill your prescription at the optical center next door so totally convenient! The optical center has great prices on contacts and frames... much better than where my insurance is accepted! I highly suggest Dr. Hui's practice and I'll definitely be going back!
5	Found this place because my previous vision center wanted to charge well over $500 for my eye exam. Saw similar situations like mine so I checked it out. Not only got friendly service I was told my previous eye doctor was wrong in saying I could never enjoy a 3D movie because of my eye condition. Doc brought out 3D images and proved just the opposite. I can see 3D images just fine. Will definitely be back for glasses and when it's time for new contacts.
5	Small office but it's just right! Dr Hui is nice and works thoroughly. He explained my prescription to me (step by step) so I can order my new frames online. The only part that wasn't pleasant was the (new) receptionist? He initially told me they didn't take my health insurance...I walked in anyway and the girl receptionist told me otherwise and got me in right away. She explained to me that my insurance did cover an eye exam. In the end, that same receptionist guy let me know the price of my eye exam. The doctor had to correct him. Anyways, 5 stars for friendly Dr. Hui! Thanks!
5	I just called today to ask the doctor to add fresh look lenses  to my prescription and the lady who picked up the phone couldn't be more helpful!! I wish I knew her name. Great place, great service,  very good doctor and by far my favorite place in LV. I highly recommend!!!Anna
5	Fantastic doctor and service. Very helpful with my new contacts. I recommend Allen Hui and his office to anyone in the Las Vegas area!
