5	Sound Xpression is great! I just got my husband the new Pioneer AVIC-X920BT. They were very professional, fast, friendly, and not to mention did a great installation job! I did shop around, and they were only beat by $50.00, and I would have had to do all the leg work of purchasing the unit, and the install kit, and taking it all to the Geek Squad to Install. (Plus geek squad was not flexible on times for installation) They have wonderful customer service as well. They were very flexible and knowledgeable! Being that this was a Christmas gift, they did the install on Dec. 24th! I would recommend them to everyone.
5	Sound Xpression has always treated me with respect and takes time to answer my questions. Dave and his employies have created some well designed very clean and functional products using quality materials and offer a long lasting install. I've had multiple opportunities to look at various installs and the attention to detail wether it's the wiring being very tight and clean routed correctly throughout the vehicle or the fit and finish of speaker enclosures, everything works and looks as if it came that way from the factory. this kind of work is something that will make you proud to show it off. And it all comes with a fair price. No matter if you spend 50 dollars or 5000 dollars you get the same quality and attention to detail.
5	I just needed a basic 2 way alarm installed. They quoted me a price over the phone and stuck with it. If you value your automobile don't trust it with Best Buy or Audio Express. The alarm was installed quickly (4 hours) and they took the time to hide the components. The only thing I didn't expect was the receiver to be taped (two sided) to the inside of my windshield. I understand this is the best location for reception so no big deal. Guys are friendly and have plenty of good products to choose from for audio, video and security. I will be back when i am ready to upgrade my factory speakers and add an amp!
5	When I was shopping for an alarm and stereo system for our crossover, I happened to walk in this place and decided they would be earning my business.  I am very picky when it comes to installers for car alarms and car audio.  They do prominently show Rockford Fosgate, but carry brands like Morel.  They already understand I am not a neophyte when it comes to car audio and understand my pickiness quite well.  They are very knowledgeable when it comes to their products and will work with you.Their installation shop was one of the cleanest I have been in.  I have seen some shops with stuff strewn all over the floor which does give a less than favorable impression.
5	I wanted to upgrade the Audio System for my Nordic Boat and it presented some challenges. The results were excellent. They provided a very reasonable price and installed the 2 JL Audio Amps, 2 10 Subs, and 6 7.7 Speakers as well as adding an IPOD control cable. They took excellent care of my boat - seamless. Very satisfied with David and his Crew!!!
5	These guys are top notch. I took my classic car car in here and they designed me a oem looking system that would blow any new car's upgraded system out of the water. They met and exceeded all of my expectations. They showed me a few other projects they were working on, and it was evident that these guys really know their stuff.
5	These guys are amazing top quality techs.  They have done an amazing job dealing with a new auto-start install in a new car which had a number of technical issues that involved them contacting the maker of the auto start and updating software and getting it working.  Through no fault of Dave's and his techs they have had to remove the auto start as it is not as compatible with my car as it was believed.  His Customer service has been amazing and that is what matters most.  If I had gone anywhere else I would have been left in the cold with a non functioning product but Dave has made things right in every way.  I HIGHLY recommend these guys.
5	After doing some research and visiting several facilities, I decided to use these guys for a navigation system install on our new RV.  David was very knowledgable on what would work and keeping the install clean looking.  We also had to integrate a monitor and surround system in the RV that would receive its DVD input from the NAV system.  It took them about 5-6 hours to complete the work and all went well. The next week, we began trips to Yosemite, Grand Tetons and Yellowstone over a month long period. Everything worked perfect.  The satellite radio reception was exceptional considering some of the canyon / blocked areas we travelled in.  I would not hesitate to use them again.  Highly recommended.
5	Dave and the Sound Xpression team is the best. Their customer service and attention to detail is outstanding!!!! I am so happy with the work they did on my 2014 Ford Focus!!!! Highly recommend if you are looking for car/truck audio and installation this is definitely the place to go. Thank you again!!!
5	I used them to install a new stereo and back up camera in a 2500 HD Chevy - he did a great job!  They were competitive in their pricing and schedule.. He quickly got me scheduled and explained the process.In the end, the install was clean and looks great.If you are looking for someone dependable, this is the place!
5	David and his crew are AWESOME! I first started off at Audio Express with their advertised "one dollar install". Yeah, what a joke! After talking to Jesus and all the "extras" it just didn't make any sense. I told then I was going to price elsewhere and walked out. I began searching on Yelp and came across Sound Xpressions. The reviews were great so I called and talked to David. He was so great and laid out all if the costs. It was cheaper than Audio Express and they got me in the next day. So I drop my car off and 20 minutes later I get a call telling me it was done! I was shocked!! :) they had gotten the kit the day before and did all the build so they could quickly install it. I am so happy I bypassed Audio Express and used Sound Xpressions! I LOVE MY NEW STEREO!!! If you have the choice, definitely call David and bring your vehicle here! You won't be disappointed!!!! :)
5	Excellent work, very satisfied.  More importantly, they listen to what you want and then try to accommodate!  Recently had a Pioneer Nav/Radio installed in my Toyota Tundra by Sound Xpression.   I had a list of priorities that were important to me which included using as much of the factory installed peripherals such as mic, GPS and XM antenna, factory controls, already installed back-up camera and I wanted the install to be clean and OEM looking.   David and his team were able to accommodate everything on my list.  He was clear that he could not guarantee everything upfront (which was fair and honest), but would try, and indeed he was successful.   I called other places and was usually told why it could not be done, they would not try, one place even tried to push me away from the head unit I wanted installed.   The install looks great, it's exactly what I wanted, and I couldn't be happier.   Highly recommend!
5	I purchased a 2012 Chevrolet Avalanche new back in 2012.  At the time I decided not to have the factory stereo with navigation.  I visited several auto stereo installation business and was completely impressed with Sound Xpression.  David's customer service and completed work is second to none.  His recommendation for a new navigation unit was excellent and the installation is perfect.  They were able to retain my factory backup camera and the USB port in the console.  And, they added an aux port in the console.I would not hesitate to leave my pride and joy, whatever vehicle that is, with David and his team.  The installation will be perfect.It most likely will not be the least expensive installation, but not doubt, you will get what you pay for and peace of mind that it will be done right.
5	Top notch, these guys always produce a superior product and crisp clean sound. I have brought them 4 separate vehicles and each time I walked away very happy. You can trust Dave and his team to quote you a fair price for a superior after market look and feel!
5	I just needed a simple stereo replacement on an older vehicle. I received fast service at a good price. Friendly, honest and good workmanship. I can see why they have so many positive reviews.
5	These dudes are EFFIN BEAST MODE!!!!!!!!! I brought them a 1986 Corolla & they gave m a 2014 Porsche back, only company in the valley that can polish a turd!!!!!!!!!!! All joking aside great price for top notch quality!!!!!!!!
