3	I really want to love Poppy's. They have a cool interior, nice little bar, and a nice seating area. But, they seem a lot disorganized. There were two menus and we had to look at both. The owner explained that they were switching to the newer menu, because it had more food and more options. I think that is great, but it was just confusing to have two menus with different prices and everything.I got the stuffed fish with salad and carrots. Sarah S. got the buffalo chicken wrap with chips. The good- my salad and carrots were amazing!!! Really, carrots were to die for. Great job here! Sarah S's french fries were also very good, much like potato patch (note here that I said fries and not chips, she ordered chips, but whatever, right?). The ok, but not good- Sarah's buffalo chicken was fried instead of grilled (she requested grilled), but she said it was good anyways... But, it is always better when you get what you ordered.The not so good- The fish... It was a huge piece of giant eagle grade cod stuffed with bread filled crab... Not that it was so bad, but it was nothing special, and something that I could have made taste better at home, which is disappointing :(So overall, one order that was completely wrong, fish that was mediocre at best, and killer sides... I would come back here for the french fries and carrots, but probably not anything else.
4	So for the price point, this place is pretty darn good.  Don't go in expecting gourmet food, but do expect to have amazing fried mozzarella wedges when you go!  We had the fish sandwich which was huge!  And I had the chicken Marsala and the chicken was cooked perfectly.  The service is friendly and no frills which is perfect for the neighborhood.  They seem to have a good time working here.
1	Dining room is closed. Bartender/waitress was very nice and helpful. We ate in bar area. Few booths. Sandwiches were served on a regular hamburger bun. Fish sandwich portion was large but undercooked. We were compensated. My steak sandwich was tough. Will not go back.
1	Pretty disappointed. We're from Detroit and came to visit PA. Wanted to save a few bucks on a meal so I bought a groupon for poppys. When we arrived they quickly asked us to leave because anyone under 18 was not allowed inside because they turned this place into a smoking bar. We had two kids with us. Would've been nice to know that BEFORE I bought the groupon deal. They def didn't post any of that info on their deal. So we left and went to Wendy's instead.  Thank goodness I was able to get a refund on my money.
3	Good food.  However we often eat quickly and leave immediately. Many times you can't hear yourself think nevertheless can hear the person next to you talk. The jukebox is often on way way too loud.
3	This is a fun atmosphere to be in, but the bartenders really need to change their attitudes.  I didn't make you become a bartender and if you want that tip I am about to give you, don't be looking like grumpy cat at me.  Also, don't take about five minutes to even notice that I have been standing in front of you with money in hand.  Nothing irritates me more than having to wave you down in that brief second it took you to look up from your cell phone screen.  I am a patron, take care of me and I'll be nice with the tipping.Another thing that was a bit disturbing to me was the bathroom.  A single wide open room that had no dividers to separate the toilet from the urinal.  If you forget to lock the door and someone opens it, you are basically giving the whole bar area a show...for free.The decor in here looks really dim and therefore it looked really dark to me during the daylight hours.**I did not try the food, was just here for the bar experience.  Maybe I'll try the food at a later date, but only maybe.
