1	So let me just tell everybody who reads this that preventive pest control is the absolute WORST company I have ever dealt with. I signed up with them in 2010 because some teenager was going door to door trying to sell this so called service so I felt bad for him and signed up. Little did I know what I was getting myself into. My issue was scorpions so everything was going fine for a couple months until I noticed they were not going away and and now were getting inside my house. It seemed more than before the service. My dog got bit so enough is enough and I call them to request they come on Saturdays my day off so they can spray the inside of my house. I specifically say Saturday and they agree. So a bunch of Saturdays go by and no visits. I would come home from work on Fridays to find a note and bill on my door saying sorry we missed you but we sprayed outside and here's your bill of 70 dollars. I call back and see what's going on and I get reassurance it will not happen again. What do ya know more no shows. This time I'm furious because not only are they ignoring my Saturday request they are not even spraying my house! Both neighbors on each side of me witnessed them coming to my house, putting the bill on my door, and leaving immediately after. Not one spray!! I'm beyond upset now so I call them to cancel and he tells me to basically pound sand and I can't cancel due to my ONE year contract! I only had one more 69$ payment on my contract which I refused to pay for their horrible service so I cancelled my credit card they had on file to charge me. This was 2010. It's now 2013 and I just paid 400 dollars to a collection agency because I didn't pay 69$ for a terrible service. After I cancelled the card they just sent my 69$ to collections and let it sit until it reached 400. Absolutely the worst customer service and business ethics so I recommend not one person to ever use this company.
1	Failed company. Liars. Bad customer service and bad representatives on the phone with bad attitude and I cannot forget the smartassness of the manager on the phone.
1	Tricking people of spraying your house for bugs, but it can cost you $600!!! Or a negative report on your credit scoreThis is the worst company when it comes to Pest Control nor customer service.  One day one of their sales agents visited my home and they offered to spray my house for $1.00, I told him go ahead after I found out that I don't have to sign any contracts. After I gave him $30 as a 1 dollar for the service and $29 of tip.  Month later I find them wondering around my back yard.. I came out and I was about to call 911 I had no i idea who it was, because I don't have any open gates.  Found out the pest guy has jumped my fence, in which I told him to get OUT! And don't ever come back.. I should have called the police for trespassing my property!Later I get an invoice from them telling me to pay a contract which was outrages $600. On which I never signed and contracts.. They faked some signature and they are telling me that I am under contract.. I called them back and they told me I have to pay when I told him I don't.Since then they have reported me to the collections agency, in which I am going to fight till the end..This is awful how this company is conducting business in Las Vegas and screwing people.  The only thing is to report this awful and manipulative company which they go around and trick people of spraying their house for bugs for free or a dollar..
