4	I think I've been a T-Mobile customer since I got my first cell phone approximately 10 years ago... well, actually, they were under a different name back then, but I've been a long time loyal customer. I've been satisfied for the most part, and have no desire to switch carriers anytime soon.  With all of that being said, as you can imagine, I've been to my fair share of T-Moblie stores over the years...My latest phone, the blackberry pearl, is fantastic when it functions properly... unfortunately, it doesn't always function properly.  Lately, I was having some major problems with it and I just figured it was time for a new phone. However, when I took it into this T-Mobile location, Juan took the time to trouble shoot with me before trying to sell me a new phone.  I appreciated that very much. He was extremely knowledgeable on all of the products and I didn't feel like he was just another salesman trying to sell me something.I ended up with a new phone anyways, but I was happy with the service that Juan and T-Mobile provided me.  In this day and age, there is something to be said about that, not to mention the fact that I feel naked without my cell phone - I feel like I'm in good hands with T-Mobile.  Now just wish me luck that this pearl functions properly for a long time to come!
1	I purchased the T Mobile G1 in December after my beloved Sidekick was on its last straw. Even though TMobiles customer service is HORRIBLE, screwy and usually totally mixed up, I decided to stay with the provider and try their much touted G1.The sales girl at the Desert Ridge store screwed up my billing (it was supposed to be billed to the company I work for) but instead it came to my credit card. When I went to resubmit to the company, they were no longer offering that cell phone reimbursement, so I had to shell out payments on my own due to her mistake.  Thanx TMobile!24 hrs after I bought the G1,  had trouble manipulating the slide out keyboards keys,I returned to the store where my sales girl told me to go out and buy the replaceable silicone keyboard for the phone. SHe told me that TMobile was "out" but that I could pick them up in the mall at the cell phone kiosks.I ran around town(on my days off from work and kids) trying desperately to find the replaceable silicon keyboard. I hated typing and texting on a phone whose buttons barely worked. By the time I finally tried to locate the mysterious replaceable keyboard on the internet, I found out there was no such item. The salesgirl totally lied to me!I took the phone back to TMobile, to which I was told,  "You have 14 days to return our phones. It is day 15 today!! Sorry!"  Yesterday, I went to Sprint and got the new HTC ProTouch 2....which works FABULOUS!! THANK YOU SPRINT!!!
1	I wasn't impressed at all.
1	The people here are miserable.  They are rude and don't give a shit about helping or being customer service oriented.  They act like you are bothersome.  If I wasn't stuck in this miserable contract I'd ditch these bastards and fast.
2	Have had tmobile for a couple years now. Came from verizon because it was much cheaper. I believe you get what you pay for. Verizon is by far has better service in the phoenix area. Tmobile seems to be getting worse. I don't get reception half the time. I have a samsumg g3. If there is a roof over your head or you are in the middle of a large city reception is horrible. Blows my mind. Tmobile causes fifty percent of my stress.
1	Worst customer service from T-Mobile ever!!!! Went in to see about the battery on my brand new phone that isn't even a week old and dies within 2 hrs. Walked in and patiently waited 30mins for the idiots to even acknowledge my presence there, but no such luck. Screw you idiots! I'll go to another T-Mobile... And if I get the same treatment, or lack thereof, there are multiple other cell phone companies that would LOVE my business. Do a better job in training your employees on customer service!
