5	This is the people's art gallery. There's something here for everyone, but the best part is they walk the talk about showcasing local art and lots of it--high quality stuff.  Makes you think, and the prices are very reasonable.
5	Absolutely art is a asset to the madison community of Artists and Art enthusiast. They always have beautiful art and gifts in all price ranges and get new stuff in all the time. They are very supportive of new talent and the community in general and always do everything they can to inspire and promote passion and creativity.
4	Absolutely Art is a fun place to browse through and see what random piece of art you need to take home with you. I've picked up some jewelry pieces and little gifts for those hard to buy for people. They have a wide range of prices for pieces so you don't have to be loaded to get something unique and made locally. They also have a lot of yard art which the gardener in me really enjoys. Not all of wall art styles are to my taste, but they do have enough variety in items that I am usually able to find something I like.  They are attacheed to the cafe next door, so a pleasant weekend morning of grabbing a chai latte then browsing through the store is a great way to support two local businesses in one stop.
5	I'm starting 2013 with a review for a place I discovered towards the end of 2012.I Absolutely love Absolutely Art. The concept. The staff. The rad gifts I picked up during the holiday shopping season. The idea that you can browse a collection of handmade goods from several area artists isn't novel on it's own, but what's unique about the place is how the store is curated. I've been a number of times now, and I have to say each time I go in there I see something new. A featured artist every month and re-merchandising give the interior a fresh look on repeat visits, making it so regardless of whether you need something, it's simply fun to walk around. They carry detailed information about the artists and have a good understanding of their inventory and items you might see in the future. I love that Meghan the gallery manager pays artists up front and then is charged with the task of selling their goods, which means they can put those pennies back into their work without having to wait for something to sell. If you follow them on Facebook you'll be alerted to gallery events and evenings with artists. Get involved! It's a cool place to have in our backyard everyday of the year, not just the few weeks we scramble to get holiday gifts.
5	Absolutely Art is amazing!  I can't believe we live in a city that has so many talented artists AND a wonderful space that showcases their work.For the holidays, it was great to pick up incredibly unique items. They had really beautiful wood work pieces, paintings, metal work, jewelry.  I couldn't help but picking up a robot necklace that I wear all the time.  It's so unusual, I get comments on it every time I wear it.Absolutely Art has a lot of showings of new work.  They're super socially savvy, so check their website, Facebook and they will have deets on their next event. Def worth trying out!
5	I can't say enough good things. Local art, reasonably priced, in an airy and comfy setting...I enjoyed stopping by here, and will again when in the area.
4	They are out of business
