5	Seriously...it can't get any better. It's just not possible. Sapphire Bookkeeping is amazing and completely understands individual as well as small business needs/desires. I own a small company and initially was doing all of the bookkeeping myself, then hired a company I found on Craigslist who destroyed all of my files (meaning made them super unorganized and random) so Sapphire Bookkeeping swept in and in no time fixed all the errors and got me back on track. We work with Tiffany and she is always quick with answers to any question or need we have. They have been an incredible asset to our company growth and have helped us tremendously. I have already recommended several other business to Sapphire Bookkeeping and I will continue to do so.
5	What can I say? Sapphire Bookkeeping is AMAZING! Efficient knowledgeable and overall the best you can get. I love working with Tiffany, and don't know where I would be without her. She helps keep my small business in order, and organized. She is super helpful when I have a question or need assistance. Tiffany runs everything very professionally keeping me on track, and I can't thank her enough for everything she has helped me with. Tiffany knows her stuff, and is there to help you along every step of the way!
5	I can't say enough about what Sapphire Bookkeeping has done for our family's tax prep! We were so disorganized and always late until we found Sapphire. In one year Tiffany has totally transformed the way we approach our taxes and even makes the process enjoyable! The ability to work over email with everthing digital makes tax time the easiest it can be. Any individual or family who needs help with their taxes should hire Sapphire.
5	I was looking to change accountants and reached out to Sapphire accounting to file my 2013 taxes. Tiffany was extremely professional. knowledgeable and on the ball. She was accommodating to my schedule, and turned around my filing in record time. I highly recommend Sapphire for their professional attitude and great service.
5	Sapphire Bookkeeping has been a great company to work with. Since starting our company 2 years ago Sapphire has managed all of our accounting needs from Payroll to Business Tax Returns... Even a few of our employees personal Tax Returns. I cannot say enough good things about Sapphire they are a joy to work with and as a small business the personal service that they provide is outstanding.
5	Sapphire has been great for my small business!!  My books were a MESS, because, well, I don't have time and hate balancing them.  This team got me up and running quickly and works with my schedule so that I don't have to be without my books during business hours.  I almost look forward to tax season now!
5	We have been a small business for 13 years and have had many CPA's, Accountants, Bookkeepers, etc.. None compare to Sapphire. We were behind in our internal accounting/tax/bookkeeping efforts, after firing our last "Scottsdale" accountant who we were paying a big premium. With our business feild, we know when someone has the knowledge and when someone is just faking it. Sapphire is the real deal and they can usually answer any question without looking it up. I found them on Yelp a year ago and it was the best find ever. Within a few weeks, they had us completely organized and up to date. They send us reminders about payroll, they help with QB support, they just do everything and I don't have to worry anymore. They save me so much time that I can now focus more on my business and not on taxes, bookkeeping, etc..  If you are in need of a tax or accounting help, call them. I have referred family and friends to them and all have come back and thanked me. They are REALLY that GOOD! It is the personalized service that sets them apart and that their rates are so reasonable! And it is always nice to do business with a family owned business. I could go on and on.... Just call them. You will be as glad as I was. I cant believe I got this excited about bookkeeping and taxes, but they are totally worth it and I guess I am just so happy to finally find someone that is reliable, knowledgeable and that I trust.
5	Sapphire did a fantastic job on our taxes. Tiffany made me feel extremely comfortable. After working with several CPA's, Accountants and Bookkeepers over the last 20+ years we have finally found one that works for us! Thank you for your patience in answering all my questions and for doing such a fantastic job on our business and personal taxes. Don't feel embarrassed to bring in "your box" of goodies...Tiffany will sort it all out graciously so you can sleep at night too! Thank you again, Sheri and Chris
5	My husband and I have been very impressed with the service we have received from Sapphire. They are not only extremely knowledgeable on a variety of topics, but they also provide top notch service. So glad we found them for all of our accounting needs!!! Five stars!!!
5	My husband and I have been absolutely thrilled with the service we've received from Tiffany and Sapphire Accounting. We are both small business owners, and have our share of random tax and small business questions. Tiffany consistently goes the extra mile in helping sort out any details and answering any questions that we have. I truly feel like she has a dedicated interest in our business. When we first were referred to her, I had a stack of questions and a box of receipts and miscellaneous paperwork, and a huge headache and anxiety around filing our business taxes. She helped me to get a handle on our taxes and make adjustments for the future. Tiffany is incredibly knowledgable, kind, organized, and thorough: all of the qualities you need in an accountant. Aside from accounting questions, she also has a wealth of information and resources for small business owners. I cannot recommend Sapphire Bookkeeping and Accounting enough. They have helped with our personal and business taxes, and have truly been a godsend. I refer them to every small business owner I know! Please give them a call- I promise you won't regret it!
