2	After going to the laundromat I've decided never to return.The place is kept reasonably clean and they have a tanning salon in the same business so I suppose one could go tanning while doing laundry, however that's not my thing. They also have a couple of booth style tables which is nice to sit at while waiting for laundry.The machines are pretty expensive for not doing a very good job, they constantly seem to be breaking down. Half the time the vast majority of the machines are taken up by the company doing laundry for clients. Also the machines eat quarters or you have to bang on the machines to get the quarters to go through.Although they advertise free wi-fi it seems to no longer be available.Finally the place seems to be crawling with crazy people. At least half the times I have been there I have been asked for money, or had someone start rambling at me. I've actually had to call the cops once after a guy kicked my car. A couple of months ago some guy exposed himself to a little girl.Although I understand that the business doesn't have direct control over the people who frequent their business it has still been enough eventually to drive me away.
2	FAIL, due to the manager trying to post a review on here, at least he was blatant about it. Also now that tanning beds have been officially classified as carcinogenic this place is totally a cancer peddler.
4	Possibly the only laundromat open in Madison after 10pm...a lifesaver for a late night dryer meltdown and a LOT less sketchy than most other laundries! Well lit and clean :)
4	Quiet. Open. Airy. Spacious. Bright. All good things.Really nice Maytag front load machines with a really low per-load cost. Only a few other low key patrons in attendance, no noise, no drama, at 4 pm on a Wednesday. Change machines, soap machines, pop machines. More good things.NO TV. Thank goodness. No blaring commercials and screamy kids' shows to entertain screamy kids. Peace!Plenty of huge cobwebs, though. Under tables, clinging to window corners, and huge dust bunnies around the floors. Aren't their dryers exhausting properly, or are lint traps not being cleaned, or just an indifferent housekeeping staff? Hmmm.Very friendly soda machine refilling guy offers you free diet Dr. Pepper, if you're into that sort of thing. It's so convenient to my new place, it'll probably be my new laundromat. They seem serious about keeping loiterers away, which I greatly appreciate. I've has some scary experiences at other local laundromats.
