1	There's no easy way to put this, after going here I feel violated.  I ordered the grilled pork loin and my wife ordered the vegetable picadillo enchiladas.  I was served two crispy burned pork loins floating in a bland "peanut" sauce that tasted like it belonged more on a Thai menu.  The plate was over sauced, the "queso mashed potatoes" were bland and as hard as a rock...  Then there were the slightly burned, out of season asparagus, no crisp to them, just limpy old food.To make matters worse, my wife's dish was inedible.  She was served, no joke, instant rice with dried peas and carrots.  They at least squeezed some lime juice on it.  The vegetables in the soggy tortillas were over cooked to the point that they were little rubber bits of bitter tasting vegetables.We're not picky eaters, but this honestly was an insult served to us on a plate.I would have sent it all back but our server quickly grabbed our plates and bagged it up for us after she saw we weren't eating.  This was honestly the worst meal I have ever been served that came out of a professional kitchen.Take my advice, drive five more minutes down the road and go to Senor Tequila.
4	I live near this place and have been here several times.  It's not the best Mexican food in town, but its consistently good.  I've had the enchiladas with red sauce and all the tacos. The fish tacos aren't amazing, but are decent.  The chicken is good as is the pork.  Other people at my table had the fajitas and burritos and everyone left happy.  We got the table-side guacamole too and that was pretty good.  The margaritas are good quality even with the house tequila.  So overall its somewhere around a 3 or 4.  I gave it a 4 just because I feel its better than average. I don't think you'll be overwhelmed, but not disappointed either.  Its fine for kids and groups.  May be a wait on weekends as lots of people go here pre-movie theater.
3	If you are in the mood for Mexican this is NOT the place for you!  Sure they have margarita's and even a few Spanish words on the menu but that is really where the similarities end.I was there on a Saturday night and the place was busy, so that could be why the service was brutal- we had to ask for things multiple times before they came and the waitress wasn't familiar with the bar or even the menu.  As for the food I ordered a chimichunga it was okay but I wouldn't order it again.  It was as if they are trying too hard to make it different, if that's the case the succeeded.  However, I think they should have focused on making it better.
5	Good food (chicken chichanga rocked), good atmosphere, nice servers, overall a good experience. A tad high in price and don't expect a huge portion but the taste and quality are excellent.  You won't be disappointed.
2	To begin with, I don't understand Cantina 1511's apparent fetish for playing Mexican music at ear-bleeding sound levels. My wife and I were in one mid-week evening after the crowd had departed and were one of only a handful of tables occupied in the entire place. We literally could not hold a conversation sitting 90 degrees from one another at a square table. When we placed our order, we also asked that the music be turned down to a moderate level, and I swear our server was overjoyed to have an excuse to turn it down.That said, the food was OK, not great. As transplanted Californians, perhaps our standard for "great" is a little higher than someone else's, but the food was serviceable. I just don't think it justified the prices charged. The brutal truth about Mexican food is that, for the staples (enchiladas, burritos, etc), the costs are minimal, the degree of difficulty in preparation is  minuscule, the time required to plate up an order shouldn't take 20-30 minutes, and it shouldn't cost $8 to $10.That night, the service was rather prompt but other visits we have seen very slow service. And at all times, the damn music was just obnoxious.I'd return, but only to sit outside, and not anytime soon. To those of you who love Cantina 1511, mazel tov. I'm happy for you. I know there is a better job being done in Charlotte, though.
4	We love this place.  Believe it or not, for lunch it's very baby friendly.  The last two times we've had the same waiter who has a daughter that's a couple of years older than our little girl.  He's taken such great care of us, I want him every time we go back.  The food is very good.   I recommend the queso, the fajitas and the tacos al Pastor... all are fantastic.  There are many more things on the menu I want to try.
2	This was my 3rd time to Cantina.  The first two visits were decent, but I thought a bit overpriced. My third trip was a dissapointment.  I brought out of town family. 3 of us ordered the Barbacoa - which was highly recommended by our server. I thought the meat was very salty. I was surprised when my other 2 family members who love salt said the same thing.  Then I knew it wasn't my imagination.  We made mention to our server and she apologized.  My margarita was heavy on the sour mix and not terribly authentic.  For the price, there are many other lower priced options in the area.
3	I have to say that I don't know much about Mexican food but I loooove Cantina! Only recently has their quac been pushed aside for the Number One position by Loco Lime. But it is still top notch. The fish taco appetizer is more than enough food for dinner! Great serving sizes no matter what you get. You can definitely split the fajitas since a single order is ginormous. The staff here is always super pleasant and helpful. I have been both to the Rea Road location and East and have to say quality and atmosphere and staff-friendliness is consistently excellent! Love the patio on East blvd location during the summer :-D
5	I've eaten here plenty of times, but being a creature of habit I usually order my favorites which are the fresh guac made at your table and fish tacos. Last night I decided to be adventurous and asked the server what he recommended, Camarones Mojo y Ajo. Seriously? It was outstanding! Jumbo shrimp, toasted garlic, asparagus, pico de gallo,fresh lime, and veggie rice. Absolutely delish with my red sangria! Definitely my favorite spot in Charlotte for Mex-eating happiness.
5	What a delicious unique restaurant.. Not unique because of the food but because of the environment and the service.  Food - It's Mexican food.  All you have to do is close to right and it is delicious.  They easily took care of that.  I have the Johnny Carnitas Tacos and they were amazing.  The service is what blew me away.  They really know how to take care of the customer.  We sat in the bar area and were immediately greeted and our drinks were taken care of.  They told us all about the margarita options and the servers knew all everything about the dinner choices.  It was truly a wonderful experience that I look forward to experiencing again.  Tip top service, beautiful surroundings, and excellent food.  You wont be disappointed.  Enjoy!-Ian M.
4	Thanks to all the Yelper's,  as we chose this restaurant for tonight's adventure.You ask why I call it an adventure......because you never know the service that I am going to receive.I started today's adventure via yelp, I investigated a few reviews, visited the website via yelp, and then placed my reservation online for 7pm.  Being that this was our first time here we arrived promptly at 6:54pm, we were greeted by three lovely young ladies at the hostess stand. We were seated immediately, in what I will refer to as the Tarzan room. (they must have known of my wild adventures in previous posts on yelp)Our servers name was Ryan, he was very kind, polite, and efficient with his tasks of serving our needs of tex-mex food.  He asked if this was our first time in and of course, we replied yes. He was familiar with the specials and stated that if we needed any assistance with the choices he would be very willing to assist.  He allowed just enough time to look over the menu, and returned promptly to take our order.Tonight's meal included 2 beef tacos, and the Mexican City Steak Fajitas. ( I have included a picture of my meal) Our drinks were Coke and water, he was very prompt with the refills.The restaurant was very busy tonight, but the food was hot, fresh and very timely in it's arrival to our table. Unlike many of my other dining experiences, it is becoming less of an adventure and more of a tour of how a restaurant should be, efficient, and friendly.The tortillas were very nice, fresh, crisp, and the salsa was very pleasant, not too hot, not too mild.  As momma bear says.....it was just right.The music other Yelper's speak of was not much of a concern to us as we were in a separate room away from the main dining area. Our conversations were easily heard and was not too loud as others suggest.When the meal came out, the portions were very reasonable, it was hot fresh, and very appealing.  My senses were blasting.  From the  sound of the fajitas, the smell of fresh cooked vegetables on a very hot skillet and the taste.....oh my it was delicious. ( It looks better than my photo as I did not want to use the flash)  The texture was very good, and I enjoyed the small side plate of fajita accessories which consisted of cheese, sour cream, lettuce, dices tomatoes, carrots, guac,  and onions. I needed more fajita bread, and our server had these delivered at no additional charge.Based on this experience, I will provide 4 stars, it was less of an adventure, and more of an enjoyable night out.Thanks Cantina 1511, for providing an easy and enjoyable meal, and for all you Yelper's who have not tried this place, go ahead, give 'em a try.  They have a beautiful patio, good food, nice atmosphere, and good service.I may just have to use this experience as my gauge for 4 stars, I just can't see how tonight could have been much better.NCFoodGuy
4	Excellent food + excellent service = super duper satisfied couple!We did want the table side guac and I ordered the 'Pollo Laredo' and wife ordered the 'Enchiladas De Dennis'. We were both very satisfied, al though I would have ordered something if I were her. We both have bit of a sweet tooth, so to end it all off nicely, we ordered the 'Cuatro leches'. Holy *%#&, we both LOVED the desert!So, if you want good tex-mex in a casual, yet excellent service ambiance, then you have to go here.
3	Stopped by here over the weekend after a movie.  It was about 10pm so I can see why the service wasn't that great.  It didn't take long to get a seat, but it took forever to be acknowledged by a server.  We sat out in the patio, which is probably the best part of the restaurant that night.  It shares the patio with Firebird next door, and they had an acoustic guitar guy playing.  It's great ambience.  Since we filled ourselves up with movie popcorns and soda, we didn't per se have dinner.  We shared the tortilla soup and the shrimp & crab ceviche.  The ceviche was ok; the soup wasn't much to write home about, it was more like a tomato veggies soup than tortilla soup in my opinion.  For beverages, I had a white sangria which was more sweet than strong.  His dragon something was very much like a mojito and was better than my drink.  All completed with a set of dirty silverware.  In all, Cantina serves the purpose of a decent place to eat that has some kind of an atmosphere.  Definitely not the best of anything, but it's an ok option.
4	My dining experience at Cantina/Stonecrest last week was above average, rating a 4 out of 5. While it was a Monday night, the restaurant was packed. I ordered a margarita at the bar while waiting for my friends and my table. Once we got seated, we joked about how no one wanted to wait on us because we looked like we were having too much fun. Finally, we got our chips and salsa (fresh!) and placed our orders. I am totally addicted to nachos. The messier the better! And, it's great value at Cantina if you're watching your pennies, which I am! The nachos that I ordered was a huge portion. Enough for two people easily. Fresh guacamole and sour cream was not spared in the least. I had to order jalapenos (forgot when I originally placed my order), but they were brought out quickly. Freshly sliced and spicy! I order Tres Leches cake off the menu. It was dry with a whipped topping that I expected to be homemade and fresh, but seemed to come straight from a can. Cantina is definitely one of my "go to" places. I loved how they can make a mean Jalapeno margarita if you ask them and if you're going out for Restaurant Week, make sure Cantina is on your list. Of all the places I've visited over the last few years during Restaurant Week, Cantina gives you the best for the value!
5	Recommended by a friend.  Great food and service!  If you like margaritas try their Van Hagar, you won't be disappointed.
3	Definitely overpriced for what it is.I've eaten here a few times and the first couple were pretty delicious (LOVING that queso fundido) but the last time was so salty, I couldn't even eat. I sucked down tea like I'd never had a drink in my life just trying to put some moisture back into my tongue. With the over-salting and the high prices, I'd much rather go to another Mexican restaurant where it feels more authentic and rich, and where the food seems more genuine and tastes tons better.Just wish I could take that queso fundido with me...I will also say that if you happen to wander in late (a big no-no for me, but sometimes things happen) they won't turn you away and they serve you with the same courteous and friendly behavior as if it were the middle of the day. So kudos for that.
3	My workmates love this place - or at least we somehow keep going here. The food is tasty enough for what it is and I'm ok with the prices, but the service in the bar area is HORRIBLE. Hoping management reads yelp since the people at the bar are friendly but horribly inefficient and even though you've staffed sufficinently, it doesn't help if there are lots of customers and your team members are standing around chatting with each other, completely obivious to customers in this economy who want to spend money.
4	This place is great for lunch. I heart entire lunch menus that are seafood based. Mmm. SERVICE: Friendly, prompt, but I will say unmemorable. Though not in a bad way, I suppose.FOOD: Crab and guac tacos with shredded cabbage salad? Count me in. Many other choices involving shrimp and crab in the quesadilla and fajita areas as well. ATMOSPHERE: Great outside area - recommended if the weather's good.PRICE: I spent a total of $6 on my delicious lunch. Great for a work break.En short, are you always squabbling with your work crew for a good place to get noms at lunch time? Bring them here. You won't regret.
1	Awful experience. Bar area smelled of damp dirty towels and bar top wasnt cleaned but sticky with old salsa. Gross
5	I love this place.  So does my wife.  Music can be a bit loud but who cares im here to eat...  My wife always get the guacamole and she loves it.  i love the queso fundido and basically anything else on the menu.  I HAVE NEVER HAD A BAD MEAL HERE.
5	Definitely one of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte. Their guacamole made table side is always a staple along with a fresh margarita to wash it down. They always seem to have at least one nightly special to overwhelm your taste buds. Tonight I had the flash fried tuna tacos with avocado and tomatillo sauce which were amazing. Highly recommend the tacos Marco polo or the barbacoa as well. I always leave with a full belly but never seem to have room for dessert.
4	I gave this place 4 stars strictly based on their table side guacamole.  That is a true test when it comes to a "mexican restaurant" and Cantina definitely doesn't disappoint when it comes to their guac!  It is fresh, flavorful and spiced to perfection!  As far as everything else is concerned....it is just OKAY, in my opinion.  It is a trendy, mexican-fusion restaurant so you get what you pay for...and you pay quite a bit!  Everything is typically pretty fresh and tasty but I don't know if the prices are justified.  Maybe it's just me, but I can't fathom valet parking and waiting an hour for mexican food.  I like my mexican food straight up, authentic and dirty and so the "hype" around this place is just a little corny to me.  The parking lot is too small for the volume of guests but they DO take reservations so that is a good thing.  All in all it is a fun, good place to eat but make sure you have realistic expectations before going!  And, remember--the guacamole alone is worth the visit!
3	30 minute wait on a Friday turned into 90.  I'm not saying that is something i don't expect on a busy weekend night, but if it's 90, tell me 90 or something close to it.  I walked over to a Wendy's and ate a hamburger so i didn't expire during the wait.  Service was good, food was excellent and fresh Mexican fare. The margarita flight special at 15.00 dollars equates to a 21oz margarita. Not a great deal and a bit showy for my taste. Variety is the spice, but I can do one margarita at a time if it costs half as much.
4	Not realizing that you cna make reservations we walked in and they said it was a 1hr 20 min wait so we sat at the bar which took less than 5 mins to find an empty table. If you go be sure to make a reservation or call ahead. I ordered the shredded pork dish and the other person ordered the shrimp taco. Both dishes were good and a lot, I ate maybe 1/2 of mine and so did the person I was with. The prices are good for the amount of food you get. It's the drinks that are pricey! We had ordered 2 of the margarita flight specials which we only liked 1 of the 3. I agree with Brett R.'s review, for $15 you're better off getting a full drink.
2	Not worth the time let alone the money... Given I live close by I was really routing for the place and even went twice. Second chance was just as disappointing as the first.
3	Guacamole is always delicious.  A true must get!!  The fish taco's were ok a bit too fishy for me.  Kids meal was not impressed have taken my kids there before and they loved it the chicken taco had a little chicken no lettuce, tomato or cheese or beans a bit disappointing.
4	Quacamole not your favorite?  IT WILL  BE HERE!!!! I enjoy excellent "real mexican food in the southwest" This place comes very close on their "authentic mexican food items". They might even be a little more tasty.Pork Carnitas with Habernero and Guac sauce. UNREAL! Not too spicy promise! Order it! Hands down one of the best pulled pork carnitas I have EVER had!Excellent Food, Excellent service! Well Done and Yum!
4	Love this place for family night out, date night or what ever night. Everything here tastes fresh and has great flavor.  I am a fan of the tacos. Every time I visit I have intentions of ordering something new but the Tacos call me and I cannot resist them. The Tacos al Pastor, Carnitas Johnny, Carne Asada Steak I drizzle a little lime over them and I get so happy. My wife loves the Barbacoa de Puerco and we both love the Margaritas. What makes this place easy for us is the kids meals my twin 5 year olds find something on the menu each time that they will eat and love. I as a parent can feel good that they are getting a real meal. We can have a nice meal and everyone can find something they love to eat.
4	Well, after perusing the Queen City for burritos and free chips and salsa on any occasion, Cantina 1511 has popped up on my radar a few times. Known for pitchers of sangria and fresh, tableside guac, it might as well be a bulls eye. We've stumbled in on multiple occasions to this location. Friday nights, Saturday nights and Sunday afternoons. Optimal time for us is a weekend afternoon. Not buzzing with margarita vultures and other seekers of neon drinks with umbrellas in them. We're just here for the food, typically. However, I've seen quite a few neon blue margaritas floating around. They must be doing something right. Just not my cup of tea....er...booze. My wife and I love the mushroom and goat cheese quesadilla. Perfectly simple and just enough pungent flavor to keep everything interesting. The goat cheese works perfectly with crispy, buttery outer shell of the tortilla. It's somewhat phyllo-esque upon each bite. So flaky and fragile. The mushrooms could be sauteed a bit better, but the flavors are all there. Huge win. The tableside guac is an absolute win. Perfect amount for a table of four or two starvacious diners. Balanced well with tomatoes, onion and citrus. I'm not a huge fan of guac that has too many additives. Cantina does it up right. Smooth avocado and the rest of the veggies take care of the chunky aspects. My only gripe is the chips they give you to dip with. Not flat. All folded and intermingling with one another. I want my chips to be separate. Playing by their own rules. Not hugging one another. The flavor is all there. Just too much fraternization. Love Cantina. Now, to expand my horizons and check out some of this ever-present booze they have going on. Cheers!
3	I love avocados, but after eating a ton of this goodness with this restaurant's delicious, made at your table guacamole, seeing a thick slice of fatty avocado on top of every other part of my meal was a bit overmuch. But get the guacamole. The spinach enchiladas were also good, if very cheesy. The black beans were a little salty.The corn fritters were talked up by our server, but they didn't really deliver, and I'm unsure I would serve them as a desert. The peach dessert was much better, probably because we are in Cackalack while they are in season!The service was outgoing and friendly, helpful and quick to attention. Good service.This is Mexican that is supposedly fancified, but it seems mostly you're just paying more for stuff that seems to be modestly better than the cheap, gut-busting stuff. Try it for yourself, but I'm going to keep lookin!
3	Went to Cantina last night, the first time under new ownership.Some menu changesNo tortilla soup // No tortillas with queso***Higher prices***Service was goodFood was goodThe main area was dark, which I typically like. Some tea candles on the tables would sure set the ambience.
3	Allow me to explain my ratings: 4 stars for the food, 2 stars for the revamped menu (read: PRICE HIKE).Cantina tends to be my go-to place for Mexican. More because my daughter seems to love it here, and it's hard to please the culinary habits of a picky 5-year-old. We never go wrong here. We love the service - the waitstaff always seem to be personable, and I always appreciate management coming around just to say hi - and the food, a little more upscale take on more traditional Mexican fare (as opposed to, say, Tex-Mex, which is traditional, yes, but more akin towards Yanqui tastes, so you know) that always hits the spot.So when I saw the menu had changed, I cringed. Menu changes often mean bad things, like some of your favorite plates have been unceremoniously removed from the menu. Alas, some of my favorite taco plates are no longer an option. Still, there's plenty more to chose from, and I did enjoy the shrimp and scallop tacos.However...lunch the other day was $55. SERIOUSLY? Between my 3-taco plate, my wife's chicken quesadillas, my daughter's quesadilla's, a bowl of plantains, and a pint of beer, that all came out to $55, not including tip? Wow. I can afford to drop $55 for lunch, but I object on principle. There better have been about 3 or 4 more pints of Negra Modelo included in that bill.Oh well. You'll likely see me back at Cantina, except this time I'll be a bit more judicious about what I order, just to satisfy my frugality.
5	My favorite Mexican spot in town. Yes, I realize it's more of a Mexican-fusion restaurant, but stick to the authentic Mexican items and you can get a killer meal for a reasonable price. Their chips and salsa are some of the best I've ever had and the barbacoa de puerco is my favorite.
3	Cantina is okay. Not great. I had a margarita flight that I probably should have asked the price of before buying. It was good but not worth $15. I went with a semi-large group of people and we got a great waiter. He told us what the specials were for the night, and my mother and I opted to try. It was shrimp and scallops with some kind of corn and cilantro aioli? (Maybe lol). He warned that we probably shouldn't share, but we decided to anyway. He was right. Two shrimp. Two scallops. On a PILE of corn. On top of that the shrimp were tough. (Also not worth the price. Close to $30) So I ordered some some chicken dish that was a chicken breast filet with a small wing attached? (Again maybe...lol). It came with potatos and peppers. It was a little bland. I'm glad we had a great waiter. Other than that it's nothing you should be in a hurry to get to.
4	I am pretty picky about guacamole, but I do enjoy their tableside guac. Only complaint is that sometimes I would like a little more bite & a little more tomato in mine.  The chips are always fresh & salsa is tasty. The last couple of visits, I ended up getting a ginormous salad with iceberg & romaine letttuce, diced chicken, tomatoes, jimaca,  black beans, garbanzos, guacamole, tostado shells, etc.   Did I mention how ginormous this salad is?  Seriously, it is huge  & I cannot eat it all. I also enjoy their enchiladas here...although, they recently changed the menu and I can no longer get my fav enchilada so that was a bit of a bummer. Oh well, plenty of other options here, so it's not a deal breaker. On our last couple of visits, our service has been fast and friendly.
4	Thoroughly enjoyed the restaurant and the food was great!  Because I had not made a reservation, I did have to wait about an hour on a busy Saturday night.  The guacamole was fantastic!  Recommend making reservations ahead of time.
2	Maybe they were having an off night? Chips were not that great and the sauce on the enchiladas verdes was very different tasting. Love their guacamole though so I would give them another shot.
5	If you were thinking of going to Cantina 1511 for Queens Feast 2013, stop thinking and just GO! Their menu includes four courses, and half price bottles of wine. How can you go wrong?We went last night, for the first night of QF 2013 and had a blast. Our waiter, Javier, was attentive and really wonderful. If we go back, we'll ask for him again.The food was amazing. For the first course, they serve you guacamole with your chips. For two people, you get a smaller bowl of guacamole than they usually make tableside, and it was really just mixed together at the table, not anything else. At first I was hoping for more, but I was only able to eat about a third of my entree by the time it arrived so really, the amount ended up being more than either of us needed.I ordered the jicama and avocado salad for my 2nd course. It was HUGE! My husband ordered one of the soups which was also a generous portion. By the time my main arrived, the non-vegetarian enchilada dish, I was already nearing full. I ate a respectable third, but needed the rest to go in order to enjoy the Bananas Foster chimichanga they served along with ice cream at the end.For wine, we had a bottle of the Pinot at $13, I think it was. For our normal dining out experience, it was a tad pricey (we normally don't eat anything but a main, maybe $15 per person) but for a Queen's Feast splurge the meal was generous and delicious, and the service was great.Be sure to make a reservation, though! The place was packed.
4	I would've given this place 5 stars because the food was probably the best Mexican food I'd ever eaten but the service wasn't up to par.  Granted that we went during the Queen's Feast, which we totally forgot that it was going on.  I've worked in many restaurants and have also worked in a nice restaurant that participated in Charlotte's Queen's Feast and I know how busy you are but I also know that you shouldn't make your guest feel rushed ESPECIALLY since you didn't spiel the Queen's Feast specials to them and they ordered off the regular menu.  My boyfriend, daughter, and my baby went and waited for 1.5 hours (we were told before hand that the wait would be 45 min!)to be seated.  The hostesses were nice and we didn't mind waiting but with two kids that was quite a long time considering we were going to eat at the Firebirds next door but decided on a different restaurant because they told us the wait would be less. Any way, once seated our server was a male and right off the bat I can tell he was rushing us, my boyfriend asked if there were any specials and he told us they didn't for that day.  Never once did he informed us that it was Queen's Feast and the restaurant was featuring a menu for the event.  He got us our appetizers and our entree's (very quickly)  and everything was delicious.  I got the Frontier Fajita with Chicken and Steak, it was probably the best Fajita dish I've ever eaten and it came with all the condiments I would have wanted to add to my Fajita.  The seasoning was perfect and the portions was excessive.  My boyfriend got the Barbacoa dish and he is a big fan of Barbacoa, he said that was the most delish dish of Barbacoa he's had.  My daughter had the kids dish, Chicken Quesadilla and fries, she really enjoyed her dinner. We didn't finish most of our foods and asked for to go boxes. The server came by a few times to see how  things were going, he offered to box up our food for us.  I knew he was probably busy and weeded and was unsure if I wanted him to box our food up but my boyfriend said "yes".  I was still eating so he boxed up my boyfriend's dish, my daughter's, and our appetizers. My baby needed his little hands washed so I left with my daughter to go to the bathroom, When I came back, my food was gone, I assumed our server boxed it up for me while I was gone. We ordered the Quatro Leches cake and it was divine. It was perfectly made, very buttery and moist with I'm guessing is a marshmellow type topping that's slightly browned on top. My boyfriend went ahead and paid for our dinner and I have to say, it certainly didn't hurt our wallet!  Great food for a great price. My boyfriend asked if ALL the food was in the bag and the server said yes so we didn't question it. But before my boyfriend can even eat a bite of our dessert, our server came back and asked if he can box up the dessert, my boyfriend's response was "umm no, I'm still eating".  I know you are busy but you as a server still need to ensure your guest have a good dining experience. I was ready to go at that point ,  We left Cantina and went home. When we got home and checked our food, our server did not box up my fajita. The food was also just thrown in the box. I was very disappointed as I really didn't get to eat too much with having to take care of my 8 mth old. I was really looking forward to finishing my dinner at home! There was a lot left too....so I was a sad bunny with no fajita. I had to make me some noodles instead!  So over all, I like the restaurant and love the food, but...the service could've been better,  And I know its restaurant week but your service should never be less. We left a good tip too...we always do.  We will be going back and hopefully the service will be better. :)
3	Last minute decided to go out for dinner so I called ahead for a 645pm Rez and actually got one! I was surprised since this place is always jammin and we usually get stuck at the bar.Anyhow, the waitress and hostess were both friendly and accommodating.  Both of us starving so I immediately ordered the guacamole that's prepared table side.  Nice little touch, always consistent in flavor and enough for 4 to share. A good value for $8.My entree of redfish(really, redfish is back?) was cooked perfectly, tender and still juicy.  It was smothered with roasted artichokes in a garlic butter sauce. I love garlic but somebody overdosed the sauce making it bitter and slightly displeasing.  My wife's brisket enchiladas were tender, slightly sauced, and plenty of food.We had ordered house margaritas with Patron.  Pretty good in tanginess but for a $12 drink I would not expect to have sour mix or OJ.  It takes away from the tequila.We will return, food is usually good and plentiful, but I have to question the value.Totally not related but what is up with kids dining with headphones on and watching IPads?  Can't parent talk to their children during a social dining experience? How are these kids going to learn to act in public?Really; don't get me started.  Maybe we should share the no smoking in public and tack on no electronics at the dinner table!
4	Went for lunch with 2 co-workers...food was excellent once again.  Lunch portions are sized really well.  I had the fish tacos lunch portion and was very satisfied with the amount of food.  Our server, Adrian, was very knowledgable and made some excellent suggestions on meal choices that proved to be on point.  Food came out well prepared and in a timely manner.  I would recommend anyone go there for lunch ASAP!
5	I don't give five stars very often, but had to give it up to Cantina 1511 after having an AMAZING dinner there for Charlotte Restaurant week this month.  Typically, I wouldn't choose to go to a Mexican place for an expensive dinner since I believe you can get really good Mexican food for cheap at other places, but this place had good reviews and was worth a shot so we went.Everything we had for dinner was delicious.  We started off with the guacamole.  I was at first disappointed with the small portion, but as soon as I saw the portions of the rest of our meal, I was glad I didn't waste my appetite on just the first course!  I had their salad while my husband had the soup and both were very tasty.We were already getting pretty full from appetizers when our main courses came out and they were just...OMG.  If you go, you MUST try the short rib.  Juicy, tender, full of flavor and HUGE!  We ended up having to take most of our meal home because we wanted to save it for another day!The server was also so amazing and attentive.  I mentioned I was allergic to nuts and the dessert they had slated for the Restaurant Week menu had nuts and he was able to replace it with the bread pudding instead, and the bread pudding was literally the best that I've ever had in my entire life.  I would go back just to have the bread pudding again.Again, I tend to be pretty critical of places and even some of my favorite places I've only given four stars, but had such a great experience here, it definitely deserves five stars and another visit!
2	Ive been here plenty of times. Service has always ben excellent! Food is usually good. This last visit my tacos came out cold.... Sent them back and came out cold again. Server was very quick to fix the situation but did not seem to surprised by it. There was no manager to come over and apologize. Very disappointed in the resolution since there really wasn't one. My wife did not even eat her dish and the server didn't notice let alone offer to comp her meal as well. Lots of goofing around and major lack of customer service.
2	Cantina 1511 receives only 2 stars from me.  It's not just the food.  The food is decent.  For me, it's the price.  I think Cantina 1511 is ridiculously expensive, given the quality of the food!  Again, the food isn't bad though.  It's just average.Let me give you an example.  I went there to eat with my wife and two kids.  The kids are under 10 years old.  We ordered some guacamole for appetizer, I had a beer, my wife had a mixed drink, the kids had lemonade.  One of the kids had one taco, the other had the quesadilla appetizer for dinner.  My wife and I each had a regular entree.  The bill was $71!  I can think of a lot of better meals we all could have had for $71!This is the second time I have been to Cantina 1511.  Friends of mine seem to really like the place.  Unfortunately, I don't think I'll be back.
2	Wow I was sad I had to write a poor review for the resturant I had high hopes. First the atmosphere was nice,clean and relaxing. The service was great but the food was over the top salty. I love mexican food and I can eat it everyday but not here. I enjoyed the salsa but the chips were to salty the the dinner which was nachos it taste like I was eating nothing but salt. I am not sure why this was. I had to drink alot of water to flush out my body. Would I try again probably not I just had better and not worth the drive for me.
4	I'm a big fan of Cantina 1511! The food is delicious, the staff is attentive, and the prices aren't too shabby. The guacamole is made fresh right in front of you which I'm a huge fan of. It is a about $10 so I would say it's good to share with others since you will have plenty of leftovers. I would definitly recommend this place.
3	I enjoy their South of the Border nachos. For 6.99 you get a half order and it is enough for two people! I always need help finishing them, since they are piled high with yummy ingredients such as beef or chicken, guac and sour cream, cheese, pico, and more cheese! I also enjoy their assortment of cerviches! The enchiladas are all delicious, you will have a hard time choosing one. The tacos are good, and the barbacoa is divine!
4	Last minute decision to go to an old favorite for lunch on a Saturday we roll up to Stonecrest and visit Cantina.  We haven't been in quite some time but after today's experience we will put them back on the list and will definitely be back.To start off with, the chips and salsa are addictive.  The chips are served warm with a touch of salt and the salsa just seems fresher and homemade vs. the typical foodservice restaurant salsa you get down the road.  It has a more vibrant tomato flavor and is heavy on the cilantro with a touch of heat.  YUM!I had the barbacoa which was nicely cooked and seasoned.  It was tender yet stringy as pulled pork ought to be.  It was served with fresh pico, guac, rice and beans and a nice mix of mexican cheeses.  Warm corn tortillas helped me me make my own burritos.  Everyone on staff that day was friendly and inviting.  The Manager stopped by 2 times to check on us and when we got our bill I left feeling like we had a great meal for a good value.
3	Stopped in here for dinner and drinks with friends last night.  Upon entering the place I noticed the look and feel is almost identical to that of the one off East Blvd.  Not a bad thing.  Large bar area to the left was open and inviting and the service from the moment we stepped in was great.I was a little off put by the fact that this night they had run out of steak and scallops but I suppose these things happen from time to time.  I got a Southwestern salad with chicken and wasn't dissapointed.  Also the gauc was very good, although at $9.50 a bit pricey.Parking is a little crazy in Stonecrest as you might already know so be prepared to walk after parking.
4	One of the few great mexican options in the Charlotte area!While there are several things we don't enjoy from this menu, there are tons of options and you are bound to find the right meal for you.  Lately, we have been following the paleo lifestyle and it's difficult to eat out.  Not the case here surprisingly.  There are plenty of fajita options, ceviche options, and other dishes.  Prior to following Paleo, we always ordered nachos, enchiladas, margaritas and were more than satisfied!I very much enjoy the basic mexican dive, but if you want to step it up a notch with a bit of American flare in recipe, stop in Cantina 1511.
4	I've been here a few times and I have always been between 3 and 5 stars. Today was no exception.
5	Love Cantina 1511!  Delicious!!!The cheese dip is fabulous.  Our waiter encouraged us to try the cheese dip with bacon and pineapple added to it.  Sounds weird but it was YUMMY!
4	Cantina always satisfies my Mexian cravings every time. I always enjoy sitting outside on the patio and indulging on a mojito and over indulging on chips and salsa. I know several people were not happy with the changes in management but I have not noticed anything that would keep me from coming back. They have all the basics and they fix them perfectly ever time I've been.
5	Try to get a table outside on Friday or Saturday night - excellent service - their manager ( sorry dint know his name) is really a great host and is very attentive. Order their Marco Polo tacos - and some margaritas - excellent food , great staff and music is a bug plus.
3	Definitely overpriced for what it is.I had been to the Dilworth location before and really enjoyed it. This time i had a Creative Loafing deal and decided to try the Stonecrest location. I was definitely underwhelmed. We had a reservation for 7:00. When we arrived we were promptly seated. I immediately felt like i was at Chuck E Cheese or Red Robin. Kids Galore!! So much for date night. Our tables were so close together it was a little uncomfortable. We ordered the Fajitas for two with Steak and Beef. The little tapas they brought out were pretty tasty. The fajitas were a little overpriced in my opinion. We maybe had 10 pieces of chicken on a platter of zucchini, onions and mushrooms. $30 for some veggies is a little crazy. I would maybe go back but not likely.
1	Service is slow. Management and staff seemed confused and if they had any personalities, they were hiding them from their guests. I had to ask three times from another round of drinks. The food came out after 35 minutes (some of the orders anyway). One was cold, one was fine, and the other order came out 10 minutes later after we asked about it twice. So I have to put this place in the "won't be back unless I have to" category. Also, the food is overpriced ... after all,  it's just mexican.
4	We went here with a work function. There were about 12 of us so we got the use of half of a private room, the other half was being used by another group. I got the chorizo sandwich with a cup of tortilla soup. The sandwich was good but very messy and very greasy. The soup I thought was very good. The highlight of the meal to me was the salsa and queso. The queso comes with a little tealight to keep it warm. If that tealight goes out have someone re-light it soon, because the queso will become thick and not easy to eat once it gets cold. Overall a great place for some Mexican, but I think I would rather go to a more authentic restaurant.
1	My mom is a Mexican Chef and took her to Cantina in 2012 and she absolutely loved it! We went there a couple of times, but then I stopped going for a few months. Apparently they changed ownership and I visited the restaurant with my husband again a couple of weeks ago. It was a waste of our time and calories. The only good thing was the service. The chips tasted old and their red salsa tasted like everyone else's, straight out of the bottle. I read that their green salsa was incredible, so I ordered it, and it was a shame! It tasted straight out of the bottle too. I am Mexican, I would know! I ordered a burrito and it was okay, nothing out of the ordinary as it used to be. Definitely not worth my trip to this place, when I can most likely find fresher food with more taste at some spot down central avenue. I wasn't looking for authentic, I know that is hard to find, but I was looking for quality food that is unique in taste and savory. Not coming back again!
3	Chips and salsa were great! Thin, crispy chips and spicy red salsa. Ask for the green tomatillo salsa as well. Other diners said the shrimp taco and tortilla soup were really good. My meal was average. Chopped salad with almost no flavor, grilled vegetables that I could do better at home, and queso dip that had a good base but lacked salt or any other flavor.
2	It looks like they have some pretty good drink specials. Our meal was good, but didn't impress enough to have us going back.
3	Really enjoyed Cantina 1511. We went a few time while we lived in Charlotte. Pretty good guacamole- made tableside. Decent margaritas. Best thing on the menu is the crab/avacado quesadilla with the mexican chopped salad as a side. Love love love the chopped salad. Pretty good menu with a huge variety. Definitely recommended for anyone looking for decent tex-mex food. We had a really nice experience every time we've gone.
2	Another place that is a local favorite that I am just not down with.  I will repeat what other reviewers have stated - overpriced.  Meaning, the exorbitant prices are not justified by the quality of the product or the experience.  I am perfectly content with Azteca, Monterrey, etc. - fair prices for a mixture of beans, rice and meat in some form of a tortilla.  On a Sunday at 11:30, there was a sparse crowd.  We were seated immediately by a guy who was rubber-banding crayons for kids (don't get me started - I am going to start eating at titty bars to avoid breeders and their ill-mannered spawn).  Our server was friendly enough, minimal chatting and kept the fresh drinks coming, so points for that.  The food:A small bowl of super-salty tortilla chips, from what I imagine was the bottom of the bag.  Mostly broken pieces, but the waitress did bring a new batch with mostly whole chips once she saw the basket of chip shards/dust.  Served with salsa, which I didn't eat any of to save room for the quesoQueso - $9.50.  That's right - that's a 9.  Almost $10 for a crock of barely melted cheese and a few onions thrown in for texture.  You would think it would taste like cotton candy, sex and hundred dollar bills for $10.  Nope.  Cheese.  Just cheese.  And a couple of onion slices.  Served with warm flour tortillas to go along with our over-salted chips.  It's cheese, so I ate it, but it wasn't in my top 10 queso list.  Putting it in a small, fancy crock with a tea candle under it doesn't justify the 1000% markup.  Fail.  Carne Asada Steak Burrito - $12.75.  The burrito was HUGE, like took up half of the plate huge.  And while I am a big believer in the theory that size matters, this was a lot of burrito.  I noticed that it was served with slaw, lettuce, tomato, sour cream and guacamole on the side, and being used to the aforementioned mexican joints, I wondered where the rice and/or beans were?  They are stuffed in the giant burrito, along with corn, peas and carrots (?) and the steak (which was fine, nothing special).  It was good.  I ate about 1/3 at the restaurant and ate the rest for dinner.  It reheated well and was okay.I had not been to Cantina for many years, the last time I went they cilantro'ed the shit out of everything after I had asked for no cilantro.  After yesterday's visit, it will be many more years before I return.
2	It has been years since I have been to Cantina 1511 (the other location on East Blvd).  Food review: The chips were over salty and greasy.  The guacamole made fresh at the table was pretty good, I only wish it had some more tomatoes in it.  My meal was not very good - the chicken and spinach enchiladas.  They were really bland.  Not much seasoning.  I had to dump a bunch of salsa on they to even be interested in eating my meal.  The beans seemed like they were not totally cooked all the way, as they were sort of hard.   Quite honestly, I remember the food being better at the other location.  Maybe I caught them on a bad night?  Or maybe the other location is better.
4	I've tried making guacamole at home with everything Cantina 1511 uses for the tableside preparation, but it must be a mystery, because theirs is impossible to recreate. The menu is extensive and loaded with more choices than Netflix on a good day. The recent menu redesign has lots of bright colors and looks like a Post-It note cram session, prompting many bad memories (geology finals) and the waiter promising any kind of guidance with the menu/counseling for bad exam experiences. Service: 1. Redesign: 0.The menu breaks down into different categories: comida autentica mexicana (which lists Mexican specialties in Spanish) and Tex Mex Standards. Picking out just a few tacos from the Magnificent Seven is tricky, but the pescado frito (fish) taco is pretty spectacular. I like the creative fish tacos or the carnitas, but the ancho chicken salad is my favorite. Tossed with chopped romaine lettuce and garbanzo beans, the flavors are familiarly Mexican, but the dish is fresh and just as filling as an enchilada. Prices are a little bit higher, reflecting a quality difference with other Tex-Mex joints, which I think is pretty justifiable.The inside's a little noisy, but just like the menu, the paper mobile decorations and a banging Spanish poster of Gone With the Wind are a contemporary update of the Tex Mex cantina. Whenever I'm in town, my sister and I make a point to stop here.
2	Fancy and mexican restaurant should never be in a statement together. Save yourself a few bucks and go to Zapata's instead. The food leaves you wanting more in seasoning and wondering why you spent so much for a subpar plate.
4	After seeing a movie, we decided to check out Cantina 1511. We arrived around 6:15 on a Sunday night and were quoted a 10 minute wait so decided to hit the bar. We ordered two house margaritas which were awesome! We were paged after about 15 minutes and seated. Once we were seated we received chips and salsa and asked if we needed a drink refill, which we did. After reviewing the menu, we chose the pork tacos and chicken fajitas. While we waited we enjoyed the fresh chips and salsa, which had a kick, which I loved. The smell in the restaurant was great so we were anxious for our food to arrive. The pork tacos were amazing! The pork was moist, almost melt in your mouth and had chopped pineapples which added a great flavor. And, the fajitas, best I have had in a long time! Piping hot, great grilled veggies, and accompanied with warm tortillas and a great assortment of sour cream, cheese, guacamole, and a few other items. What a great experience and I look forward to getting back to this location!
2	Way too heavy handed with the salt!! I wanted something light so I ordered vegetarian - Enchilada Verdes. The black beans were so salty they were inedible. The enchiladas were drowning in cheese and didn't feel light at all. This felt like horribly processed chain restaurant food but cost about 50% more.
4	Wife loves it so we keep coming back.  I'm never disappointed but never fully impressed either.  It helps its in a great location and we usually go before a movie date.  Service is typically just ok but they usually are busy so I'm sure that's why.
2	Disappointing food, great service. I ended up with Chicken Enchiladas, but I ordered cheese. But the chicken came with a tasty green chili and creme sauce. Without the sauce, they were tasteless. My husband's burrito looked good but had no flavor. Happy that I didn't pay for it.
4	I guess this is my first yelp review! Ok, so the food is good and the prices are slightly steep for a Mexican restaurant. It has a nice modern atmosphere and not your neighborhood Mexicans restaurant feeling. Overall I gave them a four star because the food could have tasted better and not so blah, and the prices are too high for most things. Would I go back? Yes nit my first choice though.
1	Been there twice. First time, they told me they can't seat us because they have possible reservations and the place was empty. That should have been the sign.Well, we tried it again today , and it was horrible, the people did not wait on us. We had to sit by the bar. Service was terrible. I will never go back.
4	My husband and I love to come here when we are in the mood for Mexican. Even when they are busy, the service has always been good for us. The Chimichangas are our favorite. Their salsa is really good. It has a little bit of a kick without being very spicy. My husband got a burger there once and said it wasn't very good. Other than that, their food has always been great.
4	Met a girlfriend for dinner while I was in town. I made a reservation on opentable to make sure we had a seat. The service staff were nice and very attentive. We both ordered from their taco menu. I love that you can mix and match :-) I had the carne asada and tilapia taco, both were delicious! You won't be disappointed! I liked it so much I took my family back two days later :-) make sure you get the fresh guacamole!
3	I've been here a few times. It seems like I go about every 6 months because it takes about that long to forget the prior experience. I had the Chimichanga (fried burrito). There is no way that it is better than the Qdoba across the parking lot. It's basically the same thing. But this is true of a lot of Mexican food - it seems like you pay double if it comes with a plate. Someone has to wash a plate. So maybe that makes sense.3 people - no alcohol - no drinks (water) - no appetizer - 3 entries and the bill including tip was over $50.00. Fast food Mexican without the plate for the same meal would have been less than $20.00.Maybe it will be better 6 months from now - I'll keep you posted !
3	Great supreme nachos!  I was impressed with the amount of meat and things they piled on the nachos most places skimp on the toppings they don't. For my entree  I ordered the Mexican Pork BBQ which was solid nothing amazing but good.  I didn't eat alot of it because I was so full from the nachos.  You get all you can eat nachos and salsa with your meal.
4	Unique selections. The burritos are HUGE and very good. The lump crab & avocado quesadilla is my favorite. Table-side guacamole is also delicious. Has complimentary valet  and outside seating.
1	After discussing lunch plans and deciding that we were  long overdue for some Mexican food my girlfriend and I decided to give Cantina 1511 a try.  For starters, the hostess sat us in a relatively unoccupied section and then sat subsequent patrons right next to us.  Although we were seated before the party next to us they got waited on first.  A few minutes later, Tim, our waiter materializes to taken our order.  Tim did take the time to help us navigate the menu and pointed out the main categories which was helpful.  After careful consideration, I ordered the two tacos - a carnes asada and whatever the duck one is called.  My girlfriend ordered the Enchiladas Verde.  Interestingly enough,  the fresh-made-to-order food came out not even 10 minutes after we ordered.  We barely had time to enjoy the greasy and over-salted chips that tasted of old cooking oil and salsa that tasted slightly worse than Old El Paso.  My girlfriend's entree arrives on a skillet with a pile of something under a pool of runny cheese and a another plate with two pitiful looking soft tacos (my entree).  We had both ordered black beans which were void of any real flavor and a complete disappointment (don't get me started on the Charro beans).  A minute or two into digging into her meal, my girlfriend realizes that there's chicken in her enchiladas.  We soon figured out she had been given the wrong entree.  Despite the mistake, the entree tasted like something you might get at a Senior's Center on Mexican food night. Thankfully she is no longer vegetarian.  We quickly flagged down the waiter and explained the mistake.  He said he would check with the kitchen but then showed up a few minutes later with our check.  Needless to say, we'll not be giving this place a second chance.
1	Don't come here with a party larger than 5. We were here for a dinner, with a party of 15. We arrived here at 7pm were sat, and our waiter took care of our drinks. Unfortunately, I believe it was also our waiters first table of a vast size. After sitting for about an hour, our meal orders were taken, and they came out in a greater than timely manner. Then we ate.....and played the waiting game. Our poor waiter was left to himself to divy up the checks (spilt between 5, all seated in order and not changing). He came back with our checks, which were not split correctly, besides one couples. Then, that couple paid (over $100), and the manger came and said it was confusing and wanted to split the rest of the check between everyone, at $25 each. This did not appease anyone, especially the people whose meals were less than $10. Finally, after about 45 minutes of trying to figure this out, the manager FINALLY came out and made us retell our orders one by one. This was a whole ordeal at a table full of previous servers that could have been easily avoided. Additionally, the food, it was just sub-par (will give props to the table side guacamole). Overall, there are plenty of different restaurants in this complex or other Mexican restaurants in the area to satisfy your craving.
2	Went here on a Saturday night for dinner. The menu looked great but the service was disappointing. The drinks and food took a long time and the waitstaff wasn't attentive. They brought the wrong food out and were very slow on drink refills.The ambience is great especially outside and the live music was great. The staff was good about taking the wrong food off the bill and was accommodating. I'd recommend going on a week night and maybe service would be better when it's less crowded
1	Went to Cantina last night...not real busyDecided to wait for a patio table.Did not take long for tables to open up but no buzz from the hostess station so we went up and asked. They replied they needed to clean the table. Another 10-15 goes by and I peeked out to the patio...4 open tables...so I went back up and said were ready to be seated...the hostess was stippy and said the same thing...need to be clean so I said no the don't there are 4 tables open. She huffed  and walked us to our table. I have run restaurants and would certainly want to know if guest were being treated like this by the restaurant initial contact. I asked for a manager...one showed up 20 minutes later...sorta so late we just chalked up the visit to a joke. Food was fair Music was Great. We've been to Cantina many times...this was most likely our Last Visit.Go at your own risk...new ownership has really let thing slip.PM
2	I have to edit my previous 4 star review down to two stars... it was purchased from the group that owns Mama Ricotta's, Bad Daddy's, Paco's Taco's and Plate Perfect Catering by some guy named Richard Campbell. Since this change in hands, the food quality has dropped off a bit. It's still good, but not as good as it used to be and for the price you pay there, that's not a good thing. The one thing that bothers me most about this place and will probably cause us to seek out a new Mexican restaurant in our area is the fact they have a "lunch" menu that's really just a shortened version of their dinner menu with no break in price. There are no "lunch specials" like you'd find at any restaurant, but especially a Mexican restaurant. We have one more "living social" type coupon we're going to use up there and then we're done.
5	The burrito was delicious and a huge portion.  Be careful not too eat too many chips before the meal because they will keep bring them!  Great atmosphere with love music outside on the weekend.  Can't wait to go back!
2	Umm NO! It's like a Mexican Chilis. However the arepa appetizer was alright and that's about it.
4	Been there twice. Loved it both times. Great drinks! Busy but great service. In a good area. Tasty food.
5	This place is incredible. Incredible Service, Incredible Food, and Incredible Prices!!!We were served last night by Hunter D (or so says the receipt). I can quite honestly say he is one of the best waiters I have ever had. We were seated immediately upon entering the restaurant. Within a minute or two of sitting down, our waiter came over to get our drinks started. We both ordered a beer. He left and came back minutes later with chips and salsa (delish!!) and our beer followed closely behind. He took our order at the same time. We ordered the tableside guac (which was delicious) and our mains. our waiter showed up again minutes later, and made the guac for us. He left and we dug right in! he came by to see if it was to our liking and we said it definitely was. our meals arrived a few minutes later. He was the type of waiter who knows when to approach the table, and when not to. He was there before our drinks were empty, and came by to ask how our meals were. When I asked if I could box the rest of my meal (the chimichanga is massive) he said he would do that, and also throw in the chips and salsa and the guac. Our meal (3 beer, table side guac, chimichanga, and 3 steak tacos) came to 57.38 with tax. This will definitely be our goto Mexican! Especially if we can have Hunter as our waiter. I really can't say enough good things about him! He was absolutely incredible!
2	First off I need to stay the service is awesome and the waiters are very nice. The gluten free menu is why we went. Daughter has Celiacs and the staff is trained and the menu is very well done in regards to gluten. that's is the only reason they get 2 stars. Im not going back however.O.k. down to the food. Its awful, the food is OVER SALTED, its plain salty. The chips salty, the queso has to many sweet onions that overtake it, same with the stake quesadia,  the burrito and tacos are non edible. I ordered the steak burrito and did not eat it. picked the meat out, packet with undercooked rice and stale cold tortilla.. My wife ordered the enchiladas swissa verde and the chicken was boiled and dried out. It had a disgusting taste to it. I tried to take a bite but the smell made me gag.The beans are undercooked and so is the rice I'm sure to the casual chain eating diner they may be o.k. with this place but if your a foodie. stay clear. Oh and the beer is really cold which they got right. Summary staff great, food awful, beer cold.
3	Got the orange duck and it was very close to 4 stars. My only complaint is the duck was a bit fatty and tough. The salsa on top was fresh and tasted a bit like lime. The rice was fluffy, light and very fresh as well. The black beans on the side was so so; not bad or good. The guacamole is made in front of you; very fresh. The only reason I didn't give this place 4 stars is the duck could have been less fatty.  I would come here again.
4	A girlfriend and I were trying to catch a movie after work, but we had some time before and decided to give this place a try. I'd read mixed reviews about this place was I'll admit I was a bit skeptical trying this place but I was actually very pleased with my visit. We arrived a little before 6pm and the place wasn't too packed, we were seated immediately and our waiter was prompt and attentive. The chips and salsa arrived first. The chips were warm...always a good sign! And the salsa was good too! It wasn't too chunky or full of cilantro it was delicious! We practically inhaled the first basket!  I decided to try the S'Western Nachos with chicken. The nachos come topped with your choice of chicken or beef and black beans, queso, caramelized onions, sour cream, guacamole and cheese. I ordered the half size portion but it was MORE than enough for a good meal. They added a lot of chicken, almost every bite I had included some chicken. I loved them! I would absolutely order them again....but next time the larger one with a margarita because I'll have more time! I'm going to have to go back and try something else off the menu but so far they win my approval.
4	They are now doing brunch on Saturdays & Sundays.The "Avocado Bake"  is absolutely the best brunch item I have ever consumed!YUM!  The last time we were there, the portions were less than we thought they should have been;   this time there was enough food per entree to share.Our server was very attentive, polite and eager to have us enjoy our dining experience.Go get brunch at Cantina 1511 on Rea Rd. !!
2	I really wanted to like Catina...but was disappointed.  We went on a Friday night and waited only 20 minutes for 2 people which wasn't too bad. The girl who sat us walk so much faster than us to the table and didn't even say anything before walking away. Our waiter was very friendly on the other hand. He brought out chips but they were out of containers for the salsa so we had to wait about 10minutes for salsa and I will say it was well worth the wait! The salsa is delicious! We ordered the house margaritas that was also really good and fairly strong! So the reason for the 2 stars, the delicious salsa and margaritas.Now for the food.....I ordered the enchilada suiza. Very disappointing. The chicken was so dry and tough! I barely ate my meal. I was wishing for more sauce to help with the dryness but they were lacking in sauce as well....such a bummer!
5	Just had lunch there and sat at the bar. Bartender was awesome! The food was outstanding! My first time there and I had the chicken chimichanga......best I have ever had! Great prices too! Manager was awesome too.....made sure everything was great and gave me an appetizer card for their table side guacamole for my next visit! I highly recommend this restaurant!
1	Greeting and food service was on the slow side to be 3PM and pretty empty. We were standing upfront for about 15 minutes and literally no one stopped to check our status or seat us. Once seated, our server Luke was definitely helpful and on point with his drink and taco suggestions though. We had the street corn as an appetizer, total waste of $4. Corn on the cob (probably the smallest I've ever seen), lathered in oil and a sprinkle of cheese. I was expecting at least a juicy piece of corn and all the things that would make it almost worth spending $4 for & even more so "Mexican Street Corn". I had the shrimp and Al Pastor tacos with saffron rice and opted for sweet plantains instead of beans ($2 upcharge). Tacos were pretty tasty (that's what the one star is for), plantains were burnt on some ends and they were all stuck together. Saffron rice would've been good had I not chomped on a few hard clusters of rice. I went back on yelp and saw the South Park location had better reviews - because I really wanted to like this place,  I'm willing to give Cantina 1511 another shot but at the South Park location. One star for the tacos alone.
3	My husband and I have been regulars at Cantina Rea Rd for the past few years. Our last couple of visits have been disapointing. Our last visit was this week and I think it will  be our last. We ordered the shrimp fajitas and the Enchilada Verde. We were disapointed with both. The shrimps on he fajitas were smaller than ususal and the vegetables were thinner than any other time. The plate was full of caramalized onions. The Enchilada Verde was not even close to the description on the menu. According to the menu, the plate is prepared with spinash and mushrooms. Yet , the plate we got was nothing but a combination of melted cheeses.  The service was ok but nothing special.
4	I need to get here more often. They've added some things to the menu but I keep ordering the same thing because I don't go here enough. My go-to is the Tacos Marco Polo with shrimp, jalapeno, and bacon. The table-side guacamole is delish. Next time I'll try the guac sampler. They've also added a family style option for at least two people that we will try next time around.
3	We popped in here one day, just for drinks. It'd been a long day and we just needed something, stat!The place was super crowded, but we managed to find seating in the bar area right off the bat. The server was great, but didn't seem to know very much about alcohol. You'd be forgiven except that you're working in the bar, so I don't understand that. He was friendly and accommodating, at least, so I suppose that makes up for it.We had a negro modelo and a bourbon. The total bill was something like $29. What is this, Los Angeles? Yeah, that's the last time I'll be having drinks here. I get that you have valet parking and that makes you fancy, but wow.. The menu did look amazing. I'll be back at some point for the food, but I hear water tastes pretty great, too. My bank account loves tap water.
2	2 stars is being generous for my overall experience today.  I hadn't been to a Cantina 1511 since it's East Blvd days so when I was in South Charlotte to meet my husband and mother-in-law for lunch, I was all in when she suggested we meet at the Rea Road location.  We met at 11:30 and were one of about 3-4 tables.  My husband and MIL had ordered queso dip before I had arrived.  They do their own interperation of queso dip, its not the delicious goodness you find at all other Mex restaurants and it was just ok.  Service was decent, a polite young girl took our order after I arrived but that quickly went downhill after more people started coming in, though it was far from busy.  Towards the end of our meal, I ended up going to the waitress station and grabbing a water pitcher as both my husband and I were completely out of water and hadn't been checked on in quite some time.  My MIL had the cobb salad and didn't have any complaints.  My husband had the Enchiladas Tejanos.  He thought it was oily and overall not enjoyable (the man rarely complains about anything.)  I had the Enchiladas De Pollo.  It completely lacked ANY kind of flavor and was drowned in the queso dip.  Literally tasted like a plain rolled up tortilla covered in cheese and not in a good way.  Our waitress didn't even ask if everything was ok when I clearly hadn't eaten half of what was on my plate and obviously didn't ask for it to be boxed up.  Wanted to like this place as a location opened a short while ago at Park Road Shopping Center, just .25 miles from my house.  VERY DISAPPOINTED and wouldn't go back.
1	Long wait for cold food!!I used to love Cantina the last  2-3 times will be the last. We had a excellent waiter. Whom gave a nice some very nice margarita choices. He was very knowledgable of the menu and are drinks never ran dryOn the down side food took almost 45 min to come out to table. When our food finally arrived 2 Of the 5 entrees were ice cold. Our waiter Rex was truly apologetic and tried to explain how this is not our standards He did send a manager over who seemed less than concerned. He offered to bring new enchiladas which after about 20 minutes came out cold. Great waitstaff horrible food...
4	Great customer service.  Called to make reservation for future and told to call back another day because they are busy tonightManager followed up.
1	I am not quite sure how people manage to call this Mexican food. I ordered the enchiladas de pollo and I was absolutely disgusted. There was so much queso on top of my enchiladas that it made it extremely hard to eat. I might as well have just ordered queso as my main entree. The side of rice that was given to me looked and tasted like fried rice from a local Chinese restaurant. My service was outstanding and that is probably the only thing that was great about my dining experience. I definitely will not be returning. If I want some Mexican food, I will head to Central Ave. for some authentic food.
