3	Although it was busy due to tax-free weekend, Chris was kind enough to give recommendations on televisions and websites I can refer to for research. The folks at the computer department were helpful, but very busy, again, due to the tax-free weekend. However, I was able to select what I needed and went home happy!
1	We avoid this location like the plague even though it's the closest one to our home.  The 5 times we went there, the people were consistently rude.  They let lines build up and ignored the customers.  The employees behind the customer service desk just laughed, took personal calls and chatted with each other while customers stood in confusion.  I called the manager to tell him about this location but he didn't seem to find a problem with their actions.  I did however go there one time recently out of necessity and there was a single new associate that was wonderful.  I hope she rubs off on the rest of the employees.
4	Best Buy is a standard big box shop. Every one of them is completely the same as the next. Higher end electronics, computers, music and movies, even home appliances. All of it seems to be a bit higher priced than what I would expect.There are staff wandering the aisles but if it is even mildly busy, you're going to be on your own.I wouldn't ordinarily shop Best Buy, but I needed a USB splitter and thought that they might have one here. They did and it was at least twice as much as I was willing to pay. No sale.
1	Have shopped at Best Buy stores regularly in several states where I have lived. Have tried shopping at this store several times and always amazed at how rude and uncaring these employees are. In fact the customer service at this particular Best Buy is among the worst I have experienced in any retail store. I now only shop here as a last option. Shop here if you must, but you have been made aware of just how bad the experience will likely be. Gave them one star because zero was not an option.
2	Take some time and read through this, Its hard to believe.  I would have gone with 1 star if it hadn't been for the cashier and 2 managers JR and Josh.My son needed a new laptop for college.  He and his "IT" buddies searched and searched and found a Sony Vaio on bestbuy.com.  I wanted to use this purchase as an opportunity to start to build his credit.Well, you can't do a joint application on the Best Buy website. Monday Night Around 5:30PM - Trip #1 - we work with a cashier (the only one on duty) - who is very helpful.  Very pleasant.  Wish I remembered her name.  Other than the constant interruptions from customers checking out, (not her fault), she was fantastic.  We get the account opened and then we tell her we want a laptop that is on bestbuy.com.  Problem - making a purchase online before getting your credit card.  Cashier knew how to do it and had us all set.  CapitalOne will only give the number to a bestbuy employee who then places the order for us in their system.  Simple.  Then she had to get someone else to takeover because the line for checkout was building.  Enter Brad.  Brad tells us the exact opposite.  And, he is quite rude in the process nit letting us get a word in.  He takes the paper that the CC# is on and crumples up in front of us saying we have to call CapitalOne.  Bear in mind, we have already been in the store for 45 minutes by now.  So I take the number and decide to call from home.Problem - I call Capital One and they confirm that the cashier was right and Brad was wrong.  Tells us we have to go back to the store.Tuesday 10AM -Trip #2 -  I ask for a manager and get JR.  He is very helpful; very customer service oriented.  He enlists the help of Jennifer - also very pleasant - and we get our order done.  They trick the system by buying a gift card and then using gift card to buy computer.  JR picks up the 2 day shipping for us.  Jennifer suggests I track the order online. They print off the receipt and out the door we go.  Receipt says expected arrival Wednesday or Thursday.  Wednesday - no laptop so I check the website.  Order status says processing.  I call the store and they tell me to call the 800#..  The rep I talk to says this is normal.  He says processing takes time.  I say how long.  He says could up to 7 days.  So I ask him incredulously, so people pay a $40 expedited shipping fee but delivery is actually quite nebulous?  And he says yes.  That makes no sense.  He suggests I check again on Thursday and he opens a case for me.Thursday - order stills says in process.  I call 800#.  This time the rep tells me that BB has recently updated their system and about 100 orders got caught in limbo.  After about 30 minutes on the phone and her involving the "Back Office", she tells me the 2 day shipping was not paid for.  I explain that the store picked that up.  She has be put it on my credit card and then immediately issues a refund.  She also says she is going to send me a $50 gift card for all of my troubles.  No gift card yet.Friday - I check the website again.  Still in process.  I call 800# again.  This rep tells me the order is stuck, will NEVER ship and only option is to cancel and re-do.  Which means, yes, another trip to the store.I am done with the online folks so I call the store and talk to Jennifer.  She is amazed at what has happened.  They help me cancel the order over the phone and then tell me they have a computer in store with similar features.  Jennifer tells me it will take about 3-4 hours for the money to show back up on the gift card.  Friday 8:30PM - Trip #3 - my son goes to BB store and Jennifer is gone but Corinna knows whole story.  They process the purchase, swipe the gift card and TADA!!! - no money on the gift card.  My son calls me and I get on phone with Corinna.  She suggests coming back on Saturday.Saturday 1PM - Trip #4 - my son visits the store and gets Corinna again.  They go to do the purchase.  Gift card shows no money on it.  Corinna involves Adam.  Adam is a "Back Office" guy.  Again, I am on the phone but this time with Adam.  He tells me it will take 3-4 days for the money come back to the gift card.  At this point, I am livid.  I tell Adam we are done and we want a full refund.  He says to call once the money is back on the gift card and they will refund it to the BB Credit Card.  I have them put my son on the phone and I tell him to politely hand the phone back to Adam and walk out.  He does.Sunday (8 days later) - my gift card is finally loaded back up.  I call Adam to arrange the refund.  He now tells me I actually have to come into the store to do this.  Ridiculous.  Tuesday 5:30PM - Trip #5 - I get to the store.  Adam is not in.  No one involved is in and no one knows anything about this.  I am NOT leaving this store without resolving this.  I ask for a manager and get Josh.  Just like JR... pleasant and customer service oriented.  He is blown away by the story and finally puts an end to this mess.
1	This Best Buy totally sucks. I've never seen such poor customer service. I'm new to the area so the 1st time I went in there I dropped $350 bucks on a Ps4. No one helped me. The 2nd time I dropped $330 bucks on surface 2 & once again no one helped me. I'm looking for stuff, playing around with stuff & no one says can I help you and there is no one around to ask. What is it that your employees do or do you have any? I even went as far as to set an alarm off by disconnecting one of the electronics & then waited for someone to come....nope. Alarm going off & No one. That's when I got pissed off & walked out of the store. I would have spent another 300 bucks but I thought I'm so pissed I rather go someone else & buy my items than to give Best Buy another dollar. I don't care if I have to pay more else where. Shame on corporate for not monitoring their store locations & insuring happy customers. This location is an epic fail at life, just shut it down!
5	There are some things I'm capable of doing and some things that it's worth hiring a professional. Today's task was hooking up an "aux in" to the radio in my daughter's car. The first attempt was unsuccessful and rather than continue fiddling with it, I brought it to the folks at the Geek Squad to do.Sam took a quick look at it and tried, but was also unsuccessful. His suggestion was to simply replace the radio and he brought us over to the display of car stereo systems. For $90 plus a few parts plus some labor, he was able to install it and good Lord, it's amazing. Very professional, very quick and not terribly expensive. I'm glad I hired a professional!I have NO complaints. Well done, Sam. Well done.
