5	Unbelievable BBQ.  Their fixin's are really good too.  Expect some crowds for lunch.
5	We LOVE this place.  I spent some time in Oklahoma, so I knew good BBQ, and when I got here, I was pleasantly surprised to discover Hickory River.  The chicken and beef are both fantastic, and don't miss out on the potato salad, the cornbread, or the cobbler.  The coleslaw isn't quite what I expected, so if you're a fan of creamy coleslaw, skip it.  Atmosphere is VERY Texas, which leads to the Sooner fan in me resisting the urge to turn all the longhorn artwork upside-down.  (Guess now if it ever happens, you'll all know who to blame!).  Reasonably priced, and the service is outstanding.  Catering is top-notch, too; we had them cater our wedding rehearsal dinner, and every aspect of it was friendly, professional, and outstanding.
4	Hickory River works magic with a beef brisket.  Every time I'm here, I get the same thing:  sliced beef sandwich with ranch beans and potato salad.  It's outstanding.Their other selections are good, but not nearly as amazing as the brisket.
5	Have been here innumberable times:  Consistently high quality product, service, and reasonable prices.  The place is always very clean, and  they don't mind me lounging with a magazine or the Trib long after I've finished.  Price is reasonable, and the meat quality is the best in town.  Li'l Porgy's may slightly have an edge if you like sweet sauce, but I am a fan of HR.  Great place!
3	Go straight for the Beef Brisket.  Everything else is just distraction.Totally acceptable BBQ in the heart of blandsville.
5	Heeding Yelpers' advice, I went for the beef brisket, and it was really good, very soft and tender, the way I like it; I totally recommend it. The price was reasonable too, as their large beef brisket (which is 8 oz) was $9.50, coming with two sides of our choice. The ranch beans was awesomely cooked.If I could, I'd give them 4.5 stars, but 4 is too low for them. You ask why? Well, I was expecting it be a bit more elegant. For example there is no waiter service. You enter their store, get into the line to order, get your food (very quickly) on a tray and then will go to find a place to seat. Another reason I wanted to dropped a half star is that they didn't accept my DISCOVER card (Although I'm kind of used to it, but nevertheless a nuisance). Another thing is the pricing on their small beef brisket. They ask for $8.50 for the small one, and $9.50 for the bg one, thus they're totally urging you to eat more (Not that the meal is bad, but too much meat isn't good for your health anyway).Btw, the sandwich prices are very reasonable, with most of the sandwiches being a measly $3.99. I didn't try them, but they come in small burger buns (think MacDonald's $1 burgers size) but with meat extruding from the bun, like twice as big as the bun itself. I guess it is probably enough for a meal.   Another good item on the menu is "meat from the pit", which they sell by pounds. Basically if you want to bring them home, this is the best deal. If I'm not wrong, it was $9.25 for a pound of their awesome beef brisket (the same price goes for all other BBQs as well). I'll remember this deal for my next home party!All in all, a good place to eat. I'll put it in my regular eating place list from now on.
4	Hickory River is decorated in "Generic Cowboy Chic", however the food makes up for it.Fantastic, fantastic barbecue.  Delicious pulled pork, Polish sausage, and beef.  SO GOOD.If you aren't ashamed at your caloric intake--then you should go ahead and also have a macaroni and cheese side.  DELICIOSO.I grinned and was emphatically delighted by such a tastylicious meal.  However, it was a bit tempered by the awkward furnishing. :)
3	After reading so many yelp comments that read "It's okay for Champaign, but noothing like what I can get back home in California", I'm happy to say...This BBQ place is better than what I was expecting for the midwest, but is nothing like the Q I can get at home in SC! Where's my mustard sauce? (Let the great debate begin!)Anyway, I got the pulled pork sandwich with mixed sauce (they have a mild red sauce and a spicy red sauce, and mixed is... the two together), a side of cole slaw, and a side of mac'n'cheese (all three ran about $8 together). The pork was tender and had a good flavor. The sauce was very smokey and on the spicy side..not bad but could easily overwhelm the pork. I also had a bite of my friend's brisket, which wasn't nearly as good as the pork (brisket just isn't Q where I come from). The mac'n'cheese was stouffer-ish, but the slaw was great! Pretty solid. Complaint: cobbler and cornbread should be served warm.I'll be back once I check out the other BBQ places in the area!
4	Mmmmm beef brisket with mixed sauce.  It has the whole cheesy cowboy theme to it, but it's pretty darn good bbq. They could definitely charge more than they do for their food, and the chili is really great.  The staff was very cheerful, but man it was cold in there, so wear long sleeves!
5	If you're into smoked meat, you've found you're home in the CU. The brisket is as good as it gets. Most of the sides are good to. The scalloped potatoes are awesome. Maybe it'd be better in Texas, but I think they'd even say this was pretty good.I really miss it now that I'm in California. Just been disappointed by about every BBQ place out here. They definitely don't match up to Hickory River.
4	Would give it five stars for CU area, but as far as BBQ rating I give Texas BBQ in TEXAS 5 stars. Tried the Beef Brisket and it was tender with great BBQ sauce on a toasted bun.  Greatly priced!  Even has a drive thru!  If you are a fan of BBQ you will not be disappointed. Check it out!
3	The food at HR is always solid.  The meats are always to die for, and the sides tend to be ok.  I'll say that on some of them, a little salt wouldn't hurt anything.However, I've never been to Hickory River where I wasn't overcharged.One time I ordered French Fries and was charged for waffle, or seasoned, or whatever else they have.  One time I was charged for an extra side.  One time I asked for water and was charged for soda.  I've let it go once or twice but darn, do I REALLY have to point it out every time?Anyway, the food's good, but I'd rather head to the Black Dog for a stronger smoke taste and better beer selection.
5	The most amount of meat I've eaten in one sitting in a long time.  I got the shredded brisket with the ribs and hot bbq sauce.  Once your start, you really can't stop until its gone and you feel round.My favorite place out of everywhere I ate in Champaign/Urbana
3	Ok, I have only had their food catered for the department's annual picnic, but I would be surprised if their restaurant versions were very different.BBQ Brisket sandwich: decent- nothing spectacular- the sauce is just ok.Mac & Cheese: Abysmal. Worse than Stouffers frozen stuff or Kraft. Mushy macaroni with a very processed tasting cheese. Mashed Potatoes: Tasted like powdered instant mashed potatoes from my elementary school cafeteria.For me, BBQ the meat has to be good- but the sides are just as important. Good mac&cheese, cornbread, and coleslaw are musts for a good BBQ joint. These sides tasted institutional- like they just got a delivery from the Sysco truck and heated them in the micro.
3	This place is sterile, and set up like a cafeteria.  The audio system is likely blaring Texas style contemporary country music. The theme is Texas BBQ, not African-American, or North Carolina or Kansas City.  They have a system where you stand in line and tell the counter man what entree you want, plus a couple of side dishes, and he shouts it over his shoulder to the cook who plates it up for you on a tray.  Then you slide the tray to the cashier and select a drink.  You carry your own tray to a table you choose and they do the clean-up.Brisket is a specialty.  Sauce can be ordered hot, mild or mixed.  They also do a sliced turkey.  Meats can be bare on a plate or in a sandwich.Its very casual, TV sets constantly going, of course, because this is America.
5	This is the best place for a full barbeque meal in Champaign County. Li'l Porgy's has the best sauce, Black Dog takes cake for the best pulled pork sandwich, but Hickory River cooks the best meal.This is Texas barbeque.  Here, beef brisket is king.Of all the BBQ joints in town, Hickory River has the most side dishes and the biggest portions.  The sauce is incredible, and the cafeteria design means you don't have to worry about tipping.  Perfect. Some of the best BBQ this BBQ connoisseur has ever had.
4	I don't eat here often as it is pretty far off my normally traveled path, but when I do I feel like it's a real treat.  I only take one star because of its location and I only eat the brisket, so I can't really vouch for anything else (though the husband likes everything else he's tried)  The mixed sauce was a little hotter than I was expecting, but I think that is just because I've got weird pregnancy hormones that make everything taste either hotter or less hot than they actually are.  That being said, their sauce rocks my socks and the brisket is so tender and yummy.  Not a "classy" place, with the paper towel rolls on the table and the silverware up by the register, but it's a BBQ joint.  It actually seems more appropriate that way :)
2	It seemed like my brisket should've tasted good, but it was swimming in sauce that they pour over it. The sauce was good and spicy, but sometimes I just want to taste the meat. My sides of macaroni and cheese, cole slaw, and cornbread really left much to be desired and really brought out the cafeteria quality of this place.
1	Left something to be desired. It was more like a fast food joint environment and in the way the employees acted. The food didn't taste fresh and they put too much sauce on that tasted more like ketchup than anything else. Maybe I have a discerning BBQ taste because I lived in the south for five years, but it was definitely sub par.
5	Dear Hickory River,I miss you so much.  I live in San Francisco now and I still look back fondly on my college years and Hickory River was a big part of it.  I went to U of I for 9 years and probably ate here 80 times, and loved it maybe 78 of them.  I've never had a more consistently good restaurant experience than this one.  My mouth is watering every time I think of the sliced beef brisket with hot sauce and hot link sausage.... soooooooooo fricken good.  off the charts... the only bbq I've ever had that was better was Sam's in Austin.  Fee free to send me some sauce and brisket and I'll send you some warm winter thoughts when it's not snowing here.
4	I dream of ways to get back to Champaign more often for work so I can eat at Hickory River.Yep, you stand in line, give your order, slide your plastic tray down the metal rails to stop and pay at a cafeteria-style cash register.  Then you sit down and eat all the BBQ as fast as you can, a la a prisoner c-blocking his food, because it is that damn good.I always get the brisket.  Always.  It is lean but juicy, pulls apart when you tug on both ends, and slathered in awesome 'mixed' sauce.  I don't need a bun.  I don't need anything other than two sides of sweet corn when it is the side of the day.  When its not the side of day, I cry.Good sweet tea.  Good desserts.  Good corn bread.  They clean up the trays.  What's not to like?  Oh, and takeout is good too.
5	The best pulled pork I've ever had! This is one of my favorite places to eat in Champaign-Urbana!
4	Great beef brisket. Fills you up! I thought the rest of the meal was pretty good.  You can mix and match here, and you get a large cornbread serving with your meal.  We also chose to get the dessert, which we barely had room with.  This is very similiar to a southern style BBQ serve yourself resteraunt.  It was tastey.
5	I came here since I had a taste for some good BBQ.  I got exactly what I was looking for.The service was extremely friendly and helpful.  The food was delicious.  It was very reasonably priced.  What else do you really need?I had the beef brisket sandwich and sampled some of a pulled pork sandwich.  Both sandwiches were great.I will definitely be back to this place again.
5	This place is AWESOME. The ribs fell off the bone, the brisket was fantastic, the sweet corn was sweet, the cole slaw was unique (but good unique, not "you have to get used to it" unique), the apple sauce was chunky, and the corn bread had actual corn in it.I was very impressed.
3	Actually, I give this place 2 1/2 stars.  The servers were really nice and helpful.  However, I felt it was too expensive for what it was.  The BBQ sauce is OK but nothing that spectacular.  The potato casserole was not that good.  It had a funky flavor I could not figure out.  The green beans on the other hand were good.  I ordered the pork loin and the pork itself was very good.The sweet tea was VERY weak.  As my grandfather would say "the tea walked through on stilts".  It has no flavor what so ever.I would not make a point of going here but if someone wanted to go I would not protest.
5	OMG!  This place just gets better and better.  We are having to make excuses to go to Urbana from rural Tolono.  Wish they would bring one to the Savoy area.  My husband got the 3 meat, 2 sides platter.  He was sooo happy with his choices. sliced Beef Brisket,,(so tender!) sliced  Polish,, and a pile of sliced smoked ham.  The meat was pleantiful to say the least....he scarffed the whole platter down; smacking his lips after every bite.  I'm afraid I wasn't much different.  I got the smoked humongus baked potato with pulled pork and hot sauce and then proceeded to the potato topping bar for lots of butter, onions, shredded cheddar, halapeno's with a smidge of habenaro sauce on the side.  I have enough left over for lunch tomorrow and dinner tomorrow night and still share some with hubby. This place is the best.  The employees are friendly, helpful and have great attitudes.  Probably because they're looking forward to their next break so they can partake of some of these lipsmacking great smoked delicasies!W and S Tolono, IL
4	Lunch for 4, Thursday before Christmas.  Brisket a little dry was only flaw.  Otherwise pulled pork, sausage, ribs, beans, mac & cheese all rocked.  It's cafeteria service, quick, self serve drinks, beer available
2	Didn't think it was as good as other reviewers.  Thought my Ribs had a rubbery texture.  Would have given it a 1 star but the others I was with thought it was So So, so I'll give this place a 2 but that may be a stretch.
5	We had read several reviews about this restaurant and some were not very favorable. Being from Texas we decided to check it out for ourselves and ---SO GLAD we did! Yes, the prices are not cheap, but the quality of food isn't either! It is very hard to run a profit margin that keeps your doors open when the mainstay of your business is MEATS.... cause they are not cheap these days. The food was authentic TEXAS flavor, tender, juicy and lots of variety to pick from. They do a big catering business also and the owner was there offering a giant welcome while making sure our experience was perfect! The order at the bar format is also traditional Texas style so we felt right at home. They also sell a SMOKED Baked Potato I will try next time along with the chicken...... we will mark them as one of our favorites!
3	I wish I could give it 2 and a half stars. Not bad, but not that good either. I was surprised that it was an order at the counter place. I had the beef brisket. It was just ok. A good brisket requires no sauce. This needed sauce as it was bland. Unfortunatly the sauce tasted like ketchup.
4	I had the pulled pork and it was very good.  I hated the bbq sauce but I am from the south and we make our bbq sauce VERY differently.  The mac and cheese was awesome.  Obviously made with real cheese.  The sweet corn was good, in fact, I don't think it even came out of a can.  The cornbread is awesome.  I've never had cornbread like that before and I wish I knew their secret.
2	Food has good flavor, but I would have preferred a bigger portion of meat and hotter food. They really aren't out to impress, only to fill your belly.
1	If they ever made a fast food place that served BBQ, this would be it. I kind of wish that the menu would be more clear. I didn't know that ordering chopped beef brisket meant that you got a sandwich. Here's the real problem of the place: the woman at the cashier register taking our orders. I have Yelped over 200 places and this is by far the worst cash register employee I have ever encountered. I've seen people who were lazy and not very smart, but no one has been as condescending and impatient as the hag that is taking your order at this restaurant. If we literally took more than one second to tell her what we wanted, she would roll her eyes and talk down to us as if we were imbeciles or something. I definitely did not appreciate that. Also, I definitely think BBQ tastes better if you truly take your time with it rather than outright rushing it (Well, I suppose this is fast food BBQ after all). I will say that the mac n cheese was quite delectable. The cornbread was also delicious, but had severe diminishing returns on flavor.
3	Food is decent, I usually get the pulled pork. The mix sauce of hot and mild is not too spicy.
5	We pre-ordered our Thanksgiving turkey from Hickory River. It was refrigerated and we warmed it up for our T-day meal. It was the best turkey I've ever had - smoked and juicy!! In addition, when my husband & I picked up the turkey the food looked and smelled delicious. We'll definitely be back to try their other dishes.
5	I used to travel in Texas a lot for work and although HR isn't as good, it's a very close second.  I've seen a few Yelps on here about how it isn't as good as Oklahoma or somewhere in the South, I think it's all in the sauce.  HR's is great for the area it is representing, if you took that brisket anywhere else in the country and put regional sauce on it you would come out on top.  I like all the sides, particularly the FRESH cole slaw, and I usually get chili and put some onions and sour cream on it.  Sweet tea is good, occasionally it is a little weak but always ok, maybe has something to do with how long it has been out.  I saw some people whining about plastic plates and cafeteria setting, or it was too country for them, where do you think you are?  Order a sandwich, take it to Starbucks or wherever you sample your brie, and quit whining.
5	One of the best places to eat in town.  Comfort food in its best form: not expensive,and competitive with other local BBQ joints, even famous ones. This place is where you come when you want to eat well. Protein-wise, HR offer beef, pork,  chicken and turkey, coming in different variations (chopped, pulled, sliced etc.). Everything I tasted so far was juicy and tasty, cooked to perfection, and the flavors were always spot on, and consistent.HR feature one sauce with three spiciness levels - and it rocks. I usuallychoose the hot one (different strokes).  The sides are fresh and delicious - trythe beans, chili, and slaw.The staff is usually friendly and nice.The dining room itself is modest and could be updated, but then again, it's a fast BBQ place;  as such, it shouldn't be too fancy.  Whether you're a hungry student or just a BBQ lover, don't miss this place.
5	Excellent BBQ served quick at a fair price. Very clean facility and they have a drive thru (although we dined in).
1	Yuk! This is the worst BBQ Resturant I've ever are at. I will not be returning and will advise those I know not to dine here.
5	The pulled pork! Lord Have mercky!!!! I can just eat it WITHOUT sauce! Tender, perfectly seasoned and just heavenly.  Im not all that crazy about there sauce.  I could almost run down to Lil Porgy's and get a side of there mild sauce. But again, I could just eat it naked! (the sandwich) LOL Mac and cheese is good too!
4	Sliced brisket was top notch.  Sides we're okay.  Cornbread very good.It's an order at the front place not sit down ordering.I would prefer to put my own sauce on.
2	I can't believe I'm writing this. We've been enjoying hickory river for years. Tonight was an epic fail on customer service. I called at 4:45 pm to place a carry out order. The person took my order and repeated it perfectly. My dad arrived to pick up and they  had nothing under the name given. He got out of line and called me. He waited in line again with me waiting on the phone. When it was our turn he handed phone to the person. I told her who I placed that order with she stated he was busy. I told her our order. She said oh yes I see it and repeated it. It was partially wrong so I corrected and she said ok and hung up. When the food arrived it was totally wrong. So disappointed.
3	I love the food, but like another person said, gotta watch the to-go orders.  I made the mistake of not checking my bag before leaving as I was in a hurry.  I had ordered a full platter.  Got home and had a plain pork sandwich with no sauce. :-(   I  just paid a lot of money for this and am not entirely happy.   Even the summary of the order was what I ordered, but what was in the bag didn't match.It's always been great when I dine in.
