4	We've purchased and enjoyed fish from this company a handful of times... all from the Old Town Farmers Market.  From salmon to black cod medallions and most recently, black cod fillet, we've never had a bad piece of fish.I see on their website that they offer several other kinds of seafood, and that they have a presence at other Valley farmers markets too... you'll find them doing the circuit from Wednesdays through Saturdays.You do pay a bit of a premium for this product; it's not cheap... but it is some of the best quality fish I've had - and I admit, we're not the best cooks, but we haven't even screwed this fish up!Thanks for the recipes and tips, guys - we'll see you soon!
4	Just finished eating our wonderful King Salmon purchased at the Sky Song Farmers Market.  it was expensive but absolutely wonderful!  You get what you pay for!
5	I admit it, I fell for the hook.  The big old yellow lab who greets all passersby every Saturday at the Old Town Farmers Market, and will cram his equally big head in your bag to see what might be appealing.  He was particularly fond of another customer's collard greens yesterday.  So there's the 5th star.As for the fish, it's pretty fantastic, too.  We've been purchasing both the king salmon ($22/lb) and the silver salmon ($15/lb) regularly for the last few months and have never been disappointed.  It is so good, in fact, that it was still edible even after it caught fire last week on the grill, though not my recommended serving suggestion.  The only problem is once you eat this fish, you will forever be tied to a higher price tag than what's available in most grocery stores.  Is it worth it?  Absolutely!
5	I have been a customer of theirs for a couple of years now.  They are by no means a cheap product - in fact, they have such a superior taste and quality to them that, since buying wild, freshly caught, frozen Salmon, Sablefish, Halibut, and Prawns from this group, I can't imagine eating farmed fish, much less giving my money to a grocery store for their so-called 'fresh and wild-caught' fish.  The middle man is cut out with them and so you get your product fresh and direct while working directly with the fishers.  Both guys that run this stand at the Ahwatukee Farmer's Market are fishers and can educate you a great deal on their products and fishing practices.  My frequent travels to AK have also given me a better understanding of the cost and logistics required to support wild-caught fish product shipment to the lower 48, so the cost is highly justified.  I challenge you to prepare one of their Sablefish portions (my current favorite for it's super-duper-Omega-fatty content) to the required minimum of 140deg with but the simplest seasonings (salt and pepper, squeeze of lemon) and not fall in love with it.  You will die in mouth-watering goodness... buttery, soft, flavorful, so good for you!  It's the best!!  Also, check out their site for prices so you don't get sticker shock :)
5	Go to the most expensive restaurant you can find.  Order the most expensive King Salmon you can get.  It still will not compare to what you can buy from Alaskan Pride!  We purchased our first fish from them on Saturday, June 23 and ate it last night.  In the toaster oven until the fish just started to flake.  It was the most delicious fish I have ever eaten.  We purchased while at the Central Farmers Market (Central & Northern Avenues) open each Saturday morning.We WILL be back this week for more!
5	Best seafood you will ever get. All the products are amazing and fresh. You can pickup the fish/shrimp/crab at the local farmers market or if you live outside the state you can have it shipped overnight. Love how the owner is actually the fisherman and is not just selling a product. Hands down best fish I have ever had :)
5	Absolutely the best, freshest seafood in the valley! I highly recommend the sablefish, which melts in your mouth. The king salmon is of course unbelievable too! Once you try it you'll be hooked too!
5	We've had Alaskan Pride's fish many times and we agree that this is the best quality seafood we've found in the Phoenix area.  We find them at the Ahwatukee Farmer's market.  I recommend the king salmon and the sablefish as well.
