5	We have 2 dogs who both fall into the category of "hot mess" and our carpets were showing that.  I booked Stanley Steemer online and they showed up, on time and ready to work.  The guys were professional, quick, kept me involved in the process, showing me what they were finding and what they were doing, and were done pretty quickly.  I was offered (and received) estimates for other services but at no time did they get pushy with trying to sell me additional services.  Best of all, my carpets are clean!
5	Jason and Timothy came today to clean my ducts and discovered possible growth on the inside of furnace.  They  referred me for remediation to investigate the problem.  Thorough and professional.  Took time to explain the issue and how to proceed.  Also, went out of their way to reach my 2nd floor unit from the back.  Great, professional service!Last week I had the carpet cleaned and again, a great job.   Kudos to Charlotte Stanley Steemer!JEB
1	Beware.  Be very wary.  I've had good luck in the past but my last time using Stanley Steemer will be my last time ever.I had a crew of two out to clean my carpets. One gentleman did most of the work and did it competently.  The other man was young and seemed inexperienced.  He flooded my master bedroom carpet and left it sopping wet.  He used our master bathroom without asking and left black shoe prints all the way to the toilet and back (and he took his time in there).  As the other man was finishing the stairs the inexperienced man asked me to consider using their furniture cleaning service.  This was before I realized he'd left the master bedroom so wet, left shoe prints on my nice master bath tile and left such a smell in my master bathroom.I reluctantly agreed to let him show me what they could do and he proceeded to "clean" part of one of my living room chairs.  I could see NO difference.  He quoted a ridiculous price and I passed.  He then tried to sell me something else, and I passed.  He then got angry with me as if there was an understanding that i would purchase additional services.  Eventually the other guy finished and I got them to leave.Very unpleasant experience.I called the office and asked for a manager.  He offered to come out and clean the master bedroom again.  He didn't seem to get that the issue was TOO MUCH water and shampoo on the carpet.  He seemed to think that having a senior crew putting down more fluid would help.  I kept refusing.  He finally offered me 10% off my "next" carpet cleaning.  I told him that there would not be a "next" with his company.  I purchased a shop vac and got as much of the water as I could out of the master bedroom carpet.  I also turned on the HVAC, ceiling fan and too other fans in an effort to get the carpet dried out quickly.  It took about a day and a half but in the end, both the pad and carpet needed to be replaced.  It was simply too much water and too much cleaning solution.  Others learned their lesson before me.  I learned it that time.  Never again.
2	They were in and out very quickly, but there were 2 areas I think they could have done better.  The sectional they cleaned is still damp 24 hours later - still can't use it.  Have used them before for furniture and nothing ever took this long to dry.  Also, entry from wood floor into a carpeted room looks worse than it did before cleaning.  The rep indicated carpet is "damaged" from wear and tear, but there are 2 of us, we are careful with our shoes, and the carpet was a higher end product.  I think they just wanted to get out.  Another commenter said they had luck with them in the past, but not so much this time.  I think that's where I am. I'll look at alternatives next time.
4	Extremely satisfied, have used them many times over the years and have never had an issue.  They always offer to move things for free, they do a good job and the carpets are dry within 24 hours.  I like being able to schedule them from the website without having to call, pricing is straightforward and reasonable.  I've only used them for carpet, so I can't speak for any of their other services.
5	We called Stanley Steamers to clean our carpets after deciding to wait on having them replaced. Yes they were that bad! We have 2 dogs and 1 cat who had an infection that caused him to pee on the carpets. We were skeptical since the carpet was so old and stained, and they warned us when they saw the carpets that all the stains may not come up. It only took 30 minutes and all stains were removed! The smell was gone and we no longer want to rip the carpet up. We will next year but Stanley Steamer bought us some time! I wish we would have done it last year.
