4	I can't believe I'm reviewing Waffle House, but here goes.If you have never been to a Waffle House before, the food is exactly what you'd expect: greasy, unhealthy, and strangely enticing.  I normally wouldn't put Cheese Eggs and Grits at the top of my "to-eat" list but few things sound better after a night of drinking.  If you have been to a Waffle House before, the food is exactly the same as you remember.  The only distinction this location possesses is that it is very clean.  Pristine, even.  I don't know if it is always so immaculate, but I was shocked.  I'm used to a Waffle House that looks like an unkempt trailer on the inside, not a passable budget restaurant.  The food is really worthy of only two-stars, but this location gets four because when you eat there, you feel like you must be part of some rare historical accomplishment.  My compliments to the janitor.
4	I was craving some wafflehouse, and after spending the AM at coffee buzz, I decided to drop in here.  Ive eate at this location before, but not in some time.  The service here is usually pretty consistant.  Its one of the cleaner locations too!  I ended up getting 3 eggs over easy, with toast and hashbrowns.  YUMMY.  Bill was cheap, and I was in and out in no time!Will most likely return again when I am on this side of town. This location is one of my prefered Waffle Houses!
4	This is one of the cleaner and newer feeling Waffle Houses... other than it being really cold in there most of the time... I like it, girl doesn't :)Food is always good, ladies are always very nice. Typical waffle house... I have no issues here and have visited this location many many times and will continue to return.oh and 24/7... hellz ya!
4	I went down to Phoenix for Spring Training and ran across this place in the middle of no where.   Waffle in the name of the joint and I love breakfast food so why not?Went in there first thing I saw was a Lamborghini outside the Waffle House, and my friends claimed they just saw Amare going into it.  I was too slow to confirm this nor could i get a camera out so oh wells, but if rich people will eat here, why not an average joe like me?The place is a bit small, I wouldn't bring a group of 5 or more since none of the table can be together.   The wait wasn't horribly long, about 5-10 mins.  When we sat down the waitress was prompt with the menu and gave us some time to order which is rare in a quick serving food joint that's packed.I got the Special which consist of a giant waffle, 2 eggs, hash browns, toast, and 3 bacon/sausages for 8 bucks.   You order this with the warm syrup and bam instant gratification.    1 star for the food, 1 for the service, 1 for cleanliness (for a diner setting), 1 ease of parking/location
4	Right now, you can get a lot of value at this waffle house. From 2-9pm everyday, you can order off of the all you can eat menu. They make whatever you order fresh and it comes right off the grill. During that time, it's hardly anyone there (not the best breakfast time I guess). However they have burgers and breakfast sandwiches on the menu in addition to eggs and waffles. Also, dare I say it one of those things called a salad (tasted pretty fresh to me, but pretty basic). They have new staff there since March and very little turnover since March. Tell Nancy that Dom sent you and she'll take care of you.
4	First time to Waffle House and we were not disappointed. Selection is basic but service was friendly and the hot and delicious was served in under 5 minutes. We were headed out of town and this place was perfect for a hot meal on the go.
4	Not all Waffle Houses are the same, this one always seems a little bit better. Food is solid, service is excellent and friendly and they're always open! LOVE IT. I mean a Waffle House is pretty much a Waffle House... but this location was a regular haunt for me and my friends for years when I lived in 'Tukee...I don't live close by anymore but when I'm nearby I wouldn't hesitate to stop by. It's much nicer of a location than the one on baseline & I-10
4	Cheap, fresh food, fast... 24 hours a day.  What's not to like?  Sure, sometimes it's a lil greasy but, it's not as bad as some and in a 24 hour breakfast joint like this, a lil grease is to be expected.  This location is a lil newer and cleaner than the average Waffle House.  They make up food that's just as good as all the others... my typical orders are the biscuits and gravy, grilled chicken sandwich or various breakfast combos (but never the waffle - don't go there).   They have a pretty good salad, if you're ever in an no-grease mood while at Waffle House. lolTrust me and try the biscuits and gravy (gluttony) or plain grilled chicken sandwich (healthier)... they delish!Good people watching.See ya there!
3	I have never been to a Waffle House so I wanted to give it a try... I enter the restaurant and took a seat at the counter it all booths were full... I was greeted by a friendly staff and I looked over the menu and saw the managers special posted on the wall and had to try it. Eric's Southwest Sausage burger with Hash browns (Contains ground beef, pork onions and jalapenos)... I rate the food as followed.Eric's Southwest Sausage burger - CHash Browns - CI could have made this meal myself at home... I was pretty disappointed but I did see other things I want to try so I may be back... Friendly staff keeps people coming back.
5	It's a Waffle House, what are you expecting. Yeah, it's bit sketchy-looking. The food is always great and served within 15 minutes of ordering. Oh and need I remind you of the cheap prices. My husband will walk out of there spending less than 20 bucks and when we hit up WH we eat like it's our last meal. Can't wait to go back!
5	Good service. Excellent value. I went for the "All You Can Eat" deal they have from 2-9 PM and was there for a few hours. I'm not fat or anything, I just felt like finding a good place to study and eat for a bit. The server was pretty attentive and the kitchen staff was pretty fast. I was kind of disappointed that the menu for the all you can eat deal was missing many of my favorites from the regular menu, but there were still quite a few good choices.
5	Wow this place is amazing. i got the special that came with 2 eggs (i got them over medium) hash browns (capped & smothered meaning mushrooms and sausage gravy as a topping on the hash browns which was amazing) 2 slices of ham, 2 pieces of bacon, two slices of toast and a waffle of your choice.First of all this place is not called "Waffle House" for no reason, Absolutely the best Waffles here than i ever had anywhere else... and ive had waffles all over the damn place. Outstanding staff they were very nice and on top of things, if i ever come back to AZ i would come here first before stopping by at any other place.
4	All you can eat special is a great buy. Food is served hot and accurately cooked to order. Service is very friendly. Nothing fancy, good comfort food better than fast food.
1	Waffle House . . . food is good - consistant and good.Cook was awesome, she was able to put a quality product out to her best.  Kudos to ' Alice ' ;)Service was weak . . . shameful.  Only one server and he was overwhelmed.  Ok - Friday evening ( 8 pm ish ) and I can understand trying to cut corners on expenses by letting a server go but NEVER cut corners where it counts.  Service is one area that will break a restaurant or more important bring people back.  ( food of course is the other ) One server was unable to get the orders correct, product out to the customers nor clean up.  Given that the cook was doing her job . . . the person taking / putting in and delivery of said orders was the weak link here.  He was overwhelmed with having the entire floor to himself.I will not go back to this Waffle House again.Sorry, the management is to blame and since they don't care, why should I return.
4	Ok reviewing the Waffle House is kinda lame, but here goes.  If you have lived in America at any point in the last 50 years you know they have good waffles and hash browns.  Is it the best breakfast option you could possibly encounter, well no.  It's just every once in awhile I find I just want Waffle House. ( Fond late night memories from college I would guess. )  It can be for breakfast, lunch, dinner, whenever.So what does this location have going for it that makes it better than the average Waffle House?1. Lots of parking2. It's not in a shady part of town3. It has a really nice staff 4. They are fairly speedy5. The restaurant is cleanSo there you go if you have a craving for waffles and hash browns then this is one of the better WH in the area.
2	Food is always consistent and tastes decent. Service is kind of blah. The place is kind of dirty and this includes the appearance of the employees. Eh...but its cheap and you get what you pay for.
4	Definitely the nicest Waffle House I have ever been to. Really friendly service and delicious breakfast.
4	For a waffle house this place is a little better than the others,, Staff is exceptional, and the place is always VERY Clean.... Awesome job...
5	Came here for breakfast the other day with my boyfriend and were seated immediately. We were also greeted by our server quickly and we ordered. He got a triple hash brown with ham and mushrooms. I got a waffle with bacon. It took about 10 min at most to get our food. If that! When we got our food everything tasted amazing. Server was there if we needed anything and overall amazing service.
4	If you've not been to a Waffle House before... well... that's pretty odd, but this is a good one to start at.  Basically, they have delicious breakfast foods, and then a variety of other lunch/dinner options, but if you're at Waffle House and you're not eating breakfast, you're doing it wrong.It's a diner, so the atmosphere is great.  Sit up at the bar and watch them prep the food and enjoy the delicious smells, or grab a booth by the window and stare out into the parking lot while you try to ignore your hangover.The people working here are friendly, and the establishment is clean.  The food is prepared well, and delicious.  I recommend the biscuits and gravy.
4	Not going to make this long. It's breakfast. But it's a little fun. I sat at the counter for the first time and it was cool. Fun to watch them cook and wash dishes felt like an old time diner from the 50's. I've read some reviews people crying around about long cook times and having to wait for this or that. It's pretty much a given when coming here for breakfast But its worth it. So for those who don't like to wait for something good, please don't come back and that way the rest up us will get sat faster. ;)If you haven't ever been to a Waffle House you should try it. The waffles are mandatory and it doesn't hurt to try a side of scrambled cheesy eggs. Jen had a omelet and I think not weighed about five pounds. With tip we still walked out for less than $20. Shout out to Keshaun who served us he was very pleasant and made the visit that much better.
4	Waffle House has never let me down and this location didn't either. It was roomier than others I have been to, so that was a plus. Our server was very attentive and so were the other servers there. I really felt the servers provided exceptional customer service, constantly coming by to ask if we needed anything else. The food was delicious as usual. First time we had ordered sausage there, they use the sausage patties. The waffles were phenomenal! They are a must to order, even if you've never been much of a waffle person before. They can't go wrong with baking in the "toppings". Can't wait to go back!
4	So much food!  Service was awesome.I over-ordered big time!I ordered some biscuits and gravy, that is completely a meal on its own!And then I two normal burgers with some stuff in it, that was another meal easily.Then I got a large crazy filled order of hash browns, oh man...Awesome place!
4	What can you say about any Waffle House. They do an excellent job at being what they are trying to be. I always enjoy the food and the service. If you're expecting it to be something it isn't then you'll likely be disappointed. I will go back to this one and enjoy every greasy morsel.
3	It is what it is. If you want cheap breakfast fast, with unpredictable level of friendliness (you might get a jovial server glad to have a job and you might get a cranky server tired of their lot in life), then come on in. It seemed relatively clean to me, at least the tables and floors, so I didn't have any misgivings about eating there.I thought it was kind of funny that my dad ordered a waffle and the server brought over a quite, shall we say, crispy waffle and said, "Is this OK? If not, we'll remake it." That about sums up the casual atmosphere going on here. At least they offered to remake it, right?
5	Had a great experience! It's always weird when you walk in and you get 13 "good mornings" but it's nice. We got to choose our seating and were promptly greeted. Tameka was our waitress and she was SUPER nice. She has great customer service skills. The food was delicious and cheap, definitely not healthy,but on my budget I can't care today. Definitely recommend
4	Just a good ol' American breakfast with hearty portions and good presentation - not to mention delicious!  Love the hash browns with grilled onions ... oh so GOOD!!
4	Feel like like a celebrity when you eat here!  Well, not really, but it's a great place to "people watch".  The food is pretty good, and the staff is friendly. I eat there a couple times a week. Free coffee on Sundays for those who wait for a table.
