5	Let me preface this review with that I HAVE seen most of the Cirque shows on the strip and the showgirl spectaculars too.  I love theatre and enjoy something new and different.  Shades of Sinatra is just that. If you love the Rat Pack the way I do, then this show will totally make you happy.  First of all,  the venue totally takes you back to a bygone era that is reminiscent of one of my favorite television shows, Mad Men.  I truly could picture Don Draper or Joan parading in at any moment. The talented performers inform their audience at the beginning that "this is not an impersonator show, it is a tribute to the amazing music of Frank Sinatra,"  and that's what it is.  As each "Frank" introduces himself I kept telling myself... "ooh, ooh, he sounds like Frank...oh wait...so does that guy!"  None of the Franks disappoint and each brings a different piece of Frank's legacy to their performance.  Lisa Smith is their amazingly talented female muse throughout the show.  She is a truly gifted singer who plays and teases them in a manner very much in the way I could picture my Mad Men's  "Joan" doing if she were up there with these three charming men.   (I kept the flyer so I could remember everyone's name here) Carmine Mandia, Larry Liso and Ryan Baker perform as the three Franks...and I thought they were each fun to watch and a delight to listen to.   I'm totally recommending this show as a great way to step back and time and remember Vegas the way it used to be.
5	We are in our late 30s. Thought i'd mention that because you don't have to be a senior citizen to love this show. The theater was great because it contributed to the authentic feel. The sound system was also top notch. But the show was fabulous. The singing was great and the comedy was in the spirit of the Rat Pack but it was updated to be relevant today. It was upbeat and made me want to jump out of my seat and dance. We sat in the back just in case it was corney or cheesy we could make our escape but we were so pleasantly surprised with the entire production.Good Job!
4	Ive lived in Vegas and Ive seen some great shows but nothing I'd considered "classic" or "old school" Vegas until I saw Shades of Sinatra. These arent impersonators, these are great singers and story tellers who celebrate and educate their audience with the genius talent and semi destructive life of the one and only Frank Sinatra. Im not a huge fan as Im a bit young to remember him in his glory so it wasnt surprising to me that I only recognized a few songs in their entire set. The senior citizens sharing our table seemed to know them all and even caught themselves singing along. (Its encouraged to participate in the introduction) We were sitting front row and one of the men singled out my gf and not only sung her a love song but Even came out into the audience and danced her along the aisle. The show was great, the venue was classic and nostalgic without the typical vegas cheese. Its worth the extra coin to go VIP and get one of the booths but our basic tickets had us sitting front and center so if you cant afford it dont worry there most likely isnt a bad seat in the house.Oh, they said the AC waa broken so it was HOT in there and we were dressed up and sweating like crazy. If the Ed Sullivan theater in NYC (tonight show with david Letterman) is the coldest theater in the world this one may just be the warmest and the answer to the equal and opposite reaction(like how I snuck Newton in on you)At the meet and great all of the performers were happy to sit and talk with their quests. The one who made my gf part of the show thanked me 1000 times for being cool with how he was hitting on my GF and said he has had some bfs want to kick his butt afterwards. If this happens to you play along and take pride your GF was hot enough to be selected for this honor and trust me your date will pay you back for it later that night!Tickets are relatively cheap for a show and if you have a free night and want a trip back to classic Vegas you have to give this show a try!
5	This show keeps you entertained and laughing too - through the entire show.  these 4 performers have wonderful voices and great humor too.  We had such a good time.  I highly recommend everyone seeing this show.  It is a complete tribute to Frank Sinatra and his music - they are not impersonators.  This show belongs in a main showroom and/or on TV for the world to see.I went to see this show a second time and it was such high energy, again, and excellent entertainment.  A must to go see.
4	This is a low budget show that entertains.  The sound is pre recorded which is a shame because this quartet of entertainers could benefit from a backing band and a better sound system.  Lisa Smith, Carmine Mandia, Larry Liso and Ryan Baker perform in the neighborhood of 30 of Sinatra's songs admirably.  There is also some banter particularly between Lisa and the 3 males.  Discounts, including a yelp deal, are available.
4	I went to see "Shades of Sinatra" for the third time last night and the show was great as always!  The show is a very pleasant tribute to Frank Sinatra.  The cast--roughly resembling members of the Rat Pack--sing some of the songs Sinatra made famous and they ask the audience to join in if they remember the songs.  We all do remember, but few people joined in.  Why ruin such good singing coming from the stage?The show has been moved from the Wolf Theatre in the Clarion Hotel to the main showroom.  The production has lost some of its intimacy and the small audience last night seemed lost in the large main theatre compared to the intimate setting of the Wolf which was once Debbie Reynolds' screening room when she owned the hotel.The four singers of "Shades" are Ryan Baker, Lisa Smith, Carmine Mandia, and Larry Liso.  They all give strong performances doing the Sinatra songs.  They also say from the get go that they are not impersonators.  Rather they are tribute artists singing Sinatra's songs.As long as "Shades" is in town, I'll go to see them.  It truly is an enjoyable evening with some good talent!
5	Nothing beats raw talent! The show is excellent! My husband and I enjoyed it a lot. We love Frank Sinatra songs. I was surprised to learn that Sinatra recorded around 1800 songs. That's amazing. What a talent! It is great that there is a tribute like this dedicated to Old Blue Eyes. That's the history of the music of 60s we are talking about. It is not a Justin Bieber type of show whom people will hardly remember in ten years. The show must be more advertised so that people who come to Vegas know about it.
5	My husband & I cannot rave enough about these 4 FANTASTIC singers!If you are looking for classic entertainment by true professionals then stop by & give this show a chance. It was a great deal & lots of fun! it was not a hokey impersonation show instead it is just 4 extremely talented Las Vegas singers pouring their heart & soul into interpreting America's great standards. And unlike expensive shows on the strip, these performers actually take the time to come out & meet the guests after the show.Thank you Shades of Sinatra for a wonderful & memorable night of entertainment!
4	If you can get past the sad ambiance of the Clarion Hotel/Casino (formerly Debbie Reynolds Hotel and Casino) you are in for a treat. This group are all top notch entertainers with an old school banter that is sometimes corny but sweet at the same time. They are not impersonators.... just terrific singers. One of the guys would do an old Sinatra tune and I would think he was the best and then one of the other guys would do a tune and it would change my mind. The lovely lady in the group was a great stage actor and had a lovely voice to boot.  Theater....is a nice & comfy....but pretty empty....old show room with cocktail service. I took my 86 year old mother in law and she was absolutely in heaven. As a so so fan of Sinatra, I was very impressed too. Just GO and ignore the sad old Clarion and enjoy this terrific little show:) We will def go back!
4	Saw the show last Tuesday and loved it! Real entertainment by real people, up close and personal with audience interaction. This must be what Vegas was like before the shows got so huge and dependent on technology to impress the audience. Don't let the venue put you off -- just think of it as a time machine taking you back to what Vegas used to be like. I enjoyed this show just as much or more than the Cirque show we saw later in the week. How many acrobatic shows does a person need to see??
4	I took my mother to the show. She loved it very much. It was ok for me but the venue itself requires some attention. Singers are good.
4	3 male singers (- one younger, one middle age, and one older)  and one beautiful woman singer make up this excellent Sinatra tribute band. All 4 had excellent voices; their Sinatra humor was right on; and the amazing wardrobe changes by the female singer were subtle but also amazing (is that yet another new gorgeous Sinatra appropriate outfit)?) This is a fun 70 to 90 minute show and if you want to listen to the amazing songs of Sinatra, they do a world class job of it  Its fun; drinks are inexpensive (I had a draft beer for $4.00 and I also tipped the server).During the show one of the singers (middle aged) was so sweet to come by and hold each of the female's hands in the audience and look gently into their eyes.   (Note: If you are taking your mom or grandma, she would be so delighted.)This is a great tribute  group for anyone who wants to listen to the amazing songs of Sinatra. For anyone over age 50 - or if you don't know where to take your mom, dad, uncle, take them here if they are here multiple nights in Las Vegas (i.e. there are so many good shows in Las Vegas, I would consider this a good one for locals or for those who want a fun night but budget friendly night out.Its budget friendly show - but fun.   I got free tickets on Goldstar (slight service fee).And after seeing them I would have been willing to pay to see them.Very good tribute group and a fun evening out (and the price is just right).Thanks to the group for their excellent work.The reason for the word shades is that they can only sing a few of the 1700 Sinatra songs he delivered during his life time.The showroom is at the Clarion - its an older casino near the convention center.  Its a throw back in time - and looked like Sinatra was still playing them.  They even have slot machines that still allow you play real nickels (instead of paper tickets).
5	It was incredible how many Sinatra songs that I knew and ole Blue Eyes was not even close to my generation. Of course since I am from NY, he will always be iconic to me and all New Yawkers. I thought they were going to forget that song, but hell no, they cranked it out during the grand finale. I usually stay at this hotel when I come to Vegas and know the history that this place has (Debbie Reynolds Hotel anyone?) and it was great to hear some of history as well. Sinatra was really the man. These guys are pretty funny on stage too, especially the "acting" drunk singer and the blondie adds some talented eye candy as well. Watch the microphone in the beginning of the show.      Frank did it his way and these guys are doing it their way - very successfully. Also if your are staying at the hotel, just flash your room key and the ticket price is just  $5. The show flies bye at 70 minutes and I would recommend the show for the right price. Hey, this is Vegas, luck be a lady tonight!
3	My partner and I wanted to see a show in Vegas on a low-roller's budget.  We found discount tickets to Shades of Sinatra and decided to give it a try.The theater is in a generic hotel located well off the strip; you would probably need to take a taxi if you didn't have a car. Like every place in Vegas, parking is free and ample.  It's not very glamorous, but that's part of the charm -- when you go inside, it's dark and intimate and there are leather booths you can sit in that make you feel like you're in Sin City in the 1940s, palling around with gangsters.There's no drink minimum, which is very refreshing.  I didn't order anything, and they don't pressure you, but drink prices are reasonable.The show is fairly short, and the singers are quite good, for the most part -- doing all of the Sinatra standards, and mixing things up enough that you stay interested.  It's not an impression show--they're channeling Old Blue Eyes, not impersonating him.  The songs are nothing spectacular, but it's solid -- the singers are good, but not unbelievably so.The only downside is the banter between songs; it's so cheesy that it's almost painfully bad.  Not all of the actors have great chemistry with each other, and this sort of banter would only work if they did.  I think the show would be better with less banter and more great singing.Don't buy full price tickets; they seem to always be available on Goldstar.com for a steep discount, often even free or $10 or so with a service fee.  The show is one of the better deals you can get in Vegas, especially since Vegas entertainment is so expensive.  If you go expected a 5 star experience, you might be disappointed.  But if you go with the right expectations, you'll certainly enjoy yourself.
4	We saw them at the Clarion. The were very entertaining, nice music to reminisce over. They interacted with the crowd, which was a great thing. At the end they were nice enough to take a picture with me and my Mom who is a big Sinatra fan. I of course grew up with him playing on our turntable so I'm a semi-fan. We will definitely check them out again next time we're in town. The margaritas we ordered were watery, barely any salt on the rim. We'll keep an eye out for them but maybe at another venue.
4	Great Show! Don't let the location fool you...yes, it's a very seedy hotel and yes, the theater needs a great deal of TLC. I almost did not go because of these two things...boy was I surprised! The talent is phenomenal and the music is fantastic! A wonderful little show. We went on a Tuesday and had a spectacular night! Go check it out next time you are in Vegas - even if you're not a Sinatra fan. I didn't think I'd know any of his songs - I was shocked at how many songs I knew, I just didn't know they were his. Really, do yourself a favor and go!!
5	Who knew there are so many small showrooms in Vegas with very Big Talent! I'm taking advantage of these shows especially with this heat ugh! I thought this show was so entertaining and love the Sinatra tidbits and musical talents each one of the performers brought to the stage. The female has a voice that is out of this world! They are funny and we just really enjoyed the talent, so we bought a CD!
5	My wife and I are both 29 years old and loved the show. My wife is from Thailand and still knew almost all the songs. We spent almost 300 dollars seeing La Reve and Shades of Sinatra was way more touching and romantic.I really wish a hotel on the main strip would snap these guys up. The female singer has an amazing voice. The banter could be a little more smooth but the voices are spot on. We even met the singers after the show and they were very friendly.
4	My wife and I did not know what to expect, and the hotel/ theater did not appeal to us. But were pleasantly surprised once the show got  underway. They sang the familiar Sinatra songs and the group is entertaining and very good. Worth the price even of the regular ticket, but the discount made it even better. Too bad they only perform Mondays to Wednesdays.
2	Clarion used to be something else before it was something else. This place has changed more hands than a towel in a Roman bath house. Debbie Reynolds, used to own this hotel once upon a time. She brought all her movie memorabilia from LA and tried her best to make this a glamour spot for visiting Hollywood celebrities. The location failed her and in fact there is some kind of curse put by the ghost of Howard Hughes, who lost his Landmark hotel across the street to Corporate Horders..  It is off the Strip on a drive,frequented by Chinese conventioneer's from Comdex show, who are in a hurry to get to their dim sum on Spring Mountain Rd.The show room is well appointed with chairs you would only see on the deck of the the Titanic. Luxury cushioned chairs with cup holders to sip your cheap and hot beer that you are obligated in the two drinks minimum deal. After you relax in the seats you are not very convinced you are seeing a Vegas Entertainment Extravaganza.  The show appears to be put together by  Ron Meedy and Jerermy Oker or what is called a Medyoker presentation. The title itself does not make any sense "The Shades of Sinatra!" what is that all about ? with three men singers who are probably good individually- but together they are a mess. There is a woman singer to add to the glamour and she is good but she is out of place since she does not sing any Nancy Sinatra songs. They somehow seem to fake the chemistry and it shows in their halfwit banter. The banter makes you cringe into the over stuffed chairs and in fact few from Oklahoma may have disappeared into the cracks over the years.The singing is better than average that you will see in good Karaoke bar. The production appears to be put together with a shoe string budget and the joke writer was probably not paid and the singers came up with the jokes at the last minute ? This show is good if you have seen the white tigers and waiting for the bus to take you to the airport (in fact you may be sharing the bus with flight stewardesses who make this their official hotel)
4	A great tribute show for a reasonable price. Performers give a family-friendly show (some sexual innuendo but nothing bawdy) that entertains. Lots of Sinatra stills in the background and loads of great music. Enjoyable evening at Debbie Reynolds' former hotel.
3	saw the show tonight and it was ok ..dont expect anything spectacular but it is worth the 10.00 you pay at gold star for it.  all the seats are pretty good but kind of a run down theatre but manageable. Jokes arent all that funny but hey they are trying and the show is a pretty low budget show.. But for the money it will most likely entertain you.
3	Decent show in a business hotel off the strip: theater has seen better days, and there wasn't much of a crowd when i went, but these guys can really sing. That's right: guys, plural. there's also a lady! Didn't see that coming.The group of four does a good variety of Ol' Blue Eyes' best songs, complete with crowd interaction and some skits- not bad at all and not as cheesy as it might sound. Can certainly say that all of them have good voices, but I felt that the speakers were set way too loud. They said they've been working together for eight years, and it shows in how well they're able to harmonize together, and in their chemistry. They have a CD available for purchase, recorded with a live band, available following the show.If you're a fan of Sinatra, or just have a boring weeknight on your hands, check them out- admission costs are low, drinks in the lobby are strong, and they close with my favorite song! You'll have to go to find out which one that is...
5	Love the show! I purchased a deal for this show on Yelp. I made a reservation and had to cancel it. They were pretty nice about it and made the whole process easy for me. Six months later, I made another reservation. I went to see the show and enjoyed the whole 90 minutes I was there. The venue is kind of shady but I didn't mind it too much. I went there for the show, not to stay. I like the female singer the most. She sang beautifully. I wish I had her voice! All 3 singers seemed to love what they are doing.
3	Talented people performing in a very very sad venue.  We sat at a table with a plastic table cloth in front of the run down stage.  The performers would have been so much better off with a live band.  I did enjoy the program could have lived without the cheesy banter but it was enjoyable none the less. Would I return,no,the venue is a total turn off.
2	The performers are not Sinatra impersonators.First the good. The song selection was good though shorter than the original version. If you are a Sinatra fan (I love early Sinatra) you will enjoy some of his best standards.The bad. Tacky venue. Both the hotel, casino, and theater are dated and either needs a major remodel or demolish it to make way for a modern facility. The four performers are middle of the road talent. Their voices have no range and would be at home in a karaoke bar. Their banter between songs is dated and tortured, just sing more songs. One singer, I believe to be in his fifties, was called their casanova, this wasn't plausible however, given the fact that the majority of the audience was in their fifties and beyond, perhaps this makes sense. The casanova also played the part of an alcoholic which was totally inappropriate as Sinatra was the consummate performer and NEVER gave the appearance that he was an alcoholic.Summation: I would never see this show again however, if you want to hear a good selection of Sinatra standards you could do worse.
5	The crew is amazing, some of the nicest people I've ever met.
