3	Mama Fu's is an interesting concept - they offer quick food that's really pretty good.  Most dishes offer noodles of some sort or another, but our favorites are the lettuce wraps, which are nothing more than chopped chicken served with pieces of lettuce for, well, wrapping up the chicken.  Think of it like fajitas and you're most of the way there.You order at the counter, get a number (usually one trillion and something), then a server will deliver the food shortly thereafter.  They also have dishes for kids that are less spicy and more kid-friendly, so take them along.  Our kids love it, which is a bit odd in the world of non-hamburger joints.
3	This isn't real chinese food at all. Not even good Fast Chinese Food. Most take out places will have your food ready in 5-10 minutes. This place is no difference in speed.  They do like to toss some sugar water onto your meal though.  Food wasnt more than a normal Chinese lunch menu as well.
1	Mam Fu's Sucks.  Don't eat  here.  There are so many other faster ,cheaper, better Chinese places in Charlotte.
2	Mama Fu's...it's like eating Chinese food from a mall's food court, but pricey. One of my colleagues brought Mama Fu's to work and it looked good. I was on my way back home and passed it and thought I'd give it a try.It comes prepared very hot and fresh; however, the quality is lacking.  It's a good portion for sharing. The redeeming aspect of this establishment was the service. The individual that delivered my food was very friendly. Also, they offer free wi-fi.I spent almost $10 and left unsatisfied. I regretted going there and spending that much when I could have spent the same at a higher quality place. They do offer a satisfaction guarantee on trying different entrees (if you branch out and get something different, but you don't like it, they'll make you something you do).It was busy, so people do like it. Just know that if you go it is definitely fast food quality.
5	Great spot for family's! Kids eat for .99 Wed and Sat nights! We love Mama Fu's and have been eating here weekly for over a year now! We have 3 kids and there is no where that we can all eat for under $30 except at Mama Fu's! The food is wonderful, service is GREAT and it's a family type atmosphere.  I would definitely recommend if you like Chinese and have kids to feed.
2	pros: -large outside covered patio-fast service-large portions-clean bathroomscons: - too salty, greasy, somewhat flavorless food- expensive (especially for lunch)- poorly set-up (confusing- do i get the take-out containers and the fortune cookies or am i supposed to ask the server?)
3	Well I only go here because of Mimi and her husband.  They use to own Thai Cuisine on Independence. The best Thai food in Charlotte.  If you go to Mama Fu's you can get the husband to fix some items like he use to fix in his restaurant.  The best sticky-rice and Mango in Charlotte.  But you also have to get to know the asst manager Bridgette.  What a sweet girl and she is on top of her game when it comes to customer service.
1	If you are looking for good Asian food cuisine this is not the place to go to. The food is over priced & of poor quality. I went to Mama Fu's after work one evening for dinner and was very disappointed. When I entered the restaurant I was not greeted and to be frankly honest didn't know whether I needed to sit down at a table to have someone take my order or if I needed to go to the front counter to place my order. When I finally did figure out that I needed to go to the counter to place my order I sat down and waited for my food to arrive. The food arrived in less than five minutes and the server brought my food without bringing out eating utensils! When I asked the server for a fork she said " Oh you do need a fork? " Last time I checked civilized people do not eat a rice dish with their hands. When she did bring the fork and I was finally able to eat my food I realized that the food was luke warm and just plain tasteless ( I ordered the Red Thai Curry Dish) That particular dish was supposed to be spicy and had no taste what so ever. I left the restaurant sorely disappointed and $10.00 dollars poorer!
1	I cannot begin to imagine how this dump stays open. The food is as poorly done as any nameless food joint in a mall, prices are high, and the service is mediocre. The fact they are close to my home means we've been 3-4 times, and every time we regret it (and, evidently, never learn). I've tried to do a phone-in take out twice: both times they quoted 15 minutes, took closer to 45 minutes, and then screwed up my order which cost another 20. I suspect tonight's fiasco (ordered at 5:45, was told 15 minutes, picked up my order at 6:30, then had to go back because they screwed it up again) will be the last.
1	Prepare to be underwhelmed.
4	The food was great, and was served quickly and pleasantly.  It is a great place to dine with a crowd, something for everyone.
3	Super quick for takeout, with a variety of Asian fusion options. The food is so-so, but satisfies if you need a quick fix in a hurry!
4	Find me here cramming lettuce wraps into my face and wishing they were free of calories. Though a chain, this is our sole Mama Fu's entity here in Crown Town. There used to whispers of another location, but this one is sailing solo with Asian fare to keep your lunch or dinner needs satiated. Doesn't really keep the feel of a chain, if you ask me. My favorites --Obviously the lettuce wraps. Simple flavors, finely chopped chicken, generous portions of iceberg lettuce, and a fantastic hoisin/ponzu/soy sauce. Great for dipping....or dousing. Spicy General Fu. Just what you need or want in the spicy department. Goodness gracious, look out though. It'll light you up if you're not careful. Veggie Lo Mein. Simple. Easy. Yum. Can I have some more. Yes. Please. Thank you. Rare Tuna appetizer. Don't recall the proper name, but I'd eat this any day. It's always fresh and works great as an app or a smaller entree for one person. Been coming here for quite some time and Bridgett, manager, is one of the nicest souls you'll ever come to meet. She's cordial, bright, and simply a joy to be around. Also, in warmer climes, the patio is great for a sunny lunch. If you're in Cotswold and need a quick lunch with plenty of Asian flare, Mama Fu's is a solid choice. More lettuce wraps, please!
4	2nd time here for lunch. Really good food. I'm having the Spicy General Fu (had a noodle bowl last time). The sauce is a lot sweeter than I normally like but the chicken is cooked perfectly.  Menu says its spicy but I wouldn't call it that (I like spicy food).   Good rice, broccoli and carrots.   Little pricey but with with this location there's not much competition in this level of quality.
3	Different...but in the vein of Pei Wei and Noodles & Co.  Enjoyed my Vietnamese Crunchy noodles with shrimp and asked for extra hot sauce. Essentially had a deep fried dish with some veggies stirred in and the hot sauce is like a sweet & sour salsa.  Like I said, different. Spouse had yellow curry chicken, it was fair but I would have needed a lot more hot sauce. We also got crab rangoons which were really good. The sauce for the rangoons was sweet and gingery. Would love to try more items here.
4	It's just exactly what I wanted.Waltzed in for lunch with a friend this week and was stoked to see so many veggie-friendly options. I went for a favorite stand-by: veggie pad thai. Perfect. I threw on a little Siracha and was good to go.My friend got the chicken satay with some cucumbers/veggies on the side. Despite my fear and loathing of consuming meat, it looked like it was probably delicious. My friend attested to that.Very reasonable for the amount of food you're served.Service is great, too. Walk up, order, take a number and you're on your way. Drinks at the soda fountain.It's simple and straightforward. I appreciated that a staff member came to whisk away our plates when we were finished, leaving us with a virtually clean table over which to continue our lunchtime chat.Overall this is an ideal spot for a quick lunch and dependably good food.
5	Great food. Great service. Love the place.  A must try
3	Ordered the Crab Rangoon & Wonton Soup. The Crab Rangoon was a little greasy and too creamy tat the crab was overwhelmed. As for the soup, the wontons were pretty good, and a large portion which was nice.
2	....maybe 2 1/2 stars ?No, it's not A-OK! It's not all bad either.Seeing the confusing  American Chinese / pseudo Japanese/ Thai lite menu I didn't want to commit and instead chose two appetizers : "Crispy golden calamari served with our own spicy dynamite dipping sauce" and I think Thai shrimp in sweet chili sauce - extra hot for me please. The weather at sunset was just perfect, I sat outside and chilled with a generous cup off Ecco Domani Pinot Grigio ($5) . If it wasn't for that I probably would have been pissed off with the food. The calamare itself wasn't bad. It wasn't crispy but it wasn't tough either and mercifully it wasn't buried deep in fried breading like so many places. Plus it came with a bit of marinated ginger, nothing Korean mind you, but still, nice. BAD, the so called "spicy dynamite dipping sauce" was a joke, a bad joke! Absolutely bland and tasteless (what was it mayo and paprika?) so mild you could feed it to a baby. I mentioned this to two of the kids working there but they looked lost, one even said that people don't order their Calamare spicy , I had to tell him spicy what the menu claims. Screw it! I ate the calamare without any sauce,picked on the ginger and washed it down with the wine. The proper description for the shrimp sauce should have been "really, really sweet chili sauce"  My tastebuds were drowning in High Fructose sweetener,  good thing I had ordered extra hot it compensated, a little. The shrimp itself was passable and there were some bits of fresh veggies under all that so it didn't feel totally like junk food. No totally anyway.So there you have it, passable shopping mall food and a big cup of Grigio.
2	Maybe it's because it's a chain, maybe I was more in the mood for authentic Asian cuisine, maybe I hit it on an off day...I don't know, but I am certainly not a fan.  I had the sesame, but I just found it all to be very bland.  My partner ordered the fried rice and thought the same thing.  Additionally, the portion sizes were pretty small for the price (we spent over $20), which is just too much to pay for flavorless food.The place was clean, the staff was decently friendly, and food did not take terribly long to cook.  These were really the positives of our experience.  Still, I'd rather spend my money at a more authentic place, I suppose.  I just don't see myself coming back.
3	On nights when all the Thai restaurants are closed, I can get my fix for curry at mama fu's.  certainly not the best Thai in town but if you are rushed for time it's an easy pick-up after work. The spring roll app is good, the green bean side is delish!  My husband likes the pineapple fried rice when it's on the menu.
4	I'd like to give 3.5 stars but I'll bump up for the service.Ate there tonight (a Tuesday night, so somewhat slow) and got some basil/curry tofu dish with brown rice. The service was very quick (and the cashier was great, even checked in on me during my meal). The food was decent - nothing mind-blowing and not the most authentic (I would try Thai taste or one of the Vietnamese restaurants on Central if you're looking for authentic in Charlotte at a comparable price) but still pretty good. It's convenient and have never had a bad meal there. Should check if you're in the area.
5	I really love Mama Fu's. Their variety is fantastic and not every Asian fusion restaurant does it right, but Mama Fu's gets it just right. Their chicken curry rolls and pad thai are two of my go-to lunches but you can't really go wrong with anything. Many times I've just asked their terrific manager, Bridgett, to recommend me something and somehow she knows what I want more than I do.If you're craving something spicy give the Kraw Pow chicken a try, it's one of the best Asian dishes I've had at any restaurant. Their ample portions are enough for two meals, and their variety of brewed teas is pretty sweet too.There's a great selection of restaurants to try in the Cotswold area, but Mama Fu's is nearly always at the top of my list because of their awesome food and staff.
1	Ahi tuna was frozen and stringy..My boyfriend had General Yu shrimp . The shrimps was tasty the rice clumpy and very starchy.. Not worth the price
1	I didn't have high expectations going in. I got the general fu with the sweet chili sauce, unpalatable. This place is such a b@St@rdization of Asian food. Worse than Mongolian BBQ. The chicken was paper thin then fried, it is not real chicken. I threw it out immediately. Don't waste your money on this chain garbage. You don't want to eat this, this isn't real food. A chocolate chip pancake wrapped sausage on a stick is more authentic than this.
4	This place has been a favorite of mine for a couple of years now.  It's always a special little treat on a nice spring day. The only downside of my experience is the price. The bill adds up quickly with only a small meal for two. Other than the price, the food is wonderful and there are plenty of options for all types of lifestyles. I enjoy the noodle bowls and the fried dumplings are to die for!! Cute little corner lot in Cotswold with a modern Asian atmosphere. The air conditioning could be turned up a notch. It is pretty chilly in there.
2	Average is generous. I don't think I will be back anytime soon. Many better options for $10-12 lunch
4	I decided to try this place in route to a meeting and short on time.  I was pleasantly surprised they were fast and the service was great.I ordered the chicken wraps and the green beans with veggies and both was absolutely delicious. The only thing I'm going to add the next time I order is some mushrooms. :-)I will return and bring my friends!
5	We love management and staff. Great food and nice atmosphere.
5	So sad this place is gone. :(
