2	I was in Vegas for a Bachelorette party with a group of fifteen girls and we were all in the mood for meat so we decided to have teppan for dinner and hit up Hamada's Asiana since we were already staying at the Rio. We called in to make reservations to sit at the teppanyaki table and they replied back with how it might be hard to accommodate such a large group since our reservation was so last minute and the place might be busy.Once we all got dolled up for the night; we were on our way downstairs to the restaurant which appeared "empty" for a Saturday night (and they were giving us problems???) The Host sat us down, gave us menus, and that was the end of it. We had to wait awhile until someone finally came and asked us if we had ordered yet. After we ordered, we had a drink or two or three or four; and it took an even longer time for the chef to come with his grill cart (pretty close to thirty minutes). Seriously! How long does it take to round up some beef, chicken, and shrimp for fifteen girls when the restaurant is empty?!And considering that we were here for a Bachelorette Party - imagine how rowdy we were since we were close to being drunk. Our chef on the other hand,was the opposite. Not entertaining, not talkative, not pleasant at all, he pretty much just cooked our food, made it into cute shapes on the teppanyaki table, served us and left. Overall, a boring experience - well at least we had fun afterwards at Chippendales.
1	I have eaten here two times. Once back in 2006(food was average) and again not too long ago. I have to say that the quality of the sushi is some of the worst that I have had. Fish did not taste fresh, poor sake selection, and the rolls were terrible. I'm guessing the only thing to eat in this restaurant is the teppan style cooking.. I haven't tried it yet, but you have to try REALLY hard to screw that up. I wouldn't bother with this establishment when there are so many other great restaurants in Vegas. I'll save my tepanyaki cravings for when I'm back in good ol' Miami.
