3	I have not taken any time to look at the clothing sections, but the house wears seem to be a pretty good deal. This place always seems busy, so if you need assistance, you may be on your own.
2	Gordman's is truly "meh."  It strives to be a fancier version of a Marshall's or TJMaxx, but fails. The clothes are usually on the trendy-to-tacky range and the prices are bizarre. A few things you can get for a bargain here:1 - cookware/bakeware. Especially Nordicware pans2 - sunglasses & simple accessories.But others are MORE EXPENSIVE than a department or discount store. Notably:1 - toys (which are usually cheaper at Target or even Toys R Us)2 - shoes. So many times I've found the same shoes here for $10-15 MORE than at Boston Store, Macy's, etc. What gives?This is a store I use as a time-killer, largely. But it's rarely as good of a deal as it markets itself to be.
3	WHAT.IS.THIS.PLACE.I haven't done my research so pardon my ignorance but what the hell? Is this a midwest thing? A Wisconsin thing? A national thing? It's like Marshall's, TJ Max and Home Goods all got together and had an orgy and out of their happy fun times Gordmans was born. I had no idea where to look, primarily because stuff is stacked so high you'd need a go-go-gadget arm to reach lamps off the top shelf that's no joke just a few feet from the ceiling. I was overwhelmed. I was perplexed. I hyperventilated. I couldn't find anyone who could answer some questions. But I found a full length mirror that was dirt cheap that'll I'll probably go back and get this week. Woah.
4	Love this place!  It's got some great clothes, shoes & kitchen stuff!
5	People are criticizing this store on some pretty warped expectations.  Think of Gordman's as a brick and mortar version of overstock.com.  It buys overstock from other stores for really cheap and then resells it at a extremely reduced price.  They do carry some of their own things but largely this is what they do.  This means you get a whole gamut of product types and it also means a lot of their stuff are things that people don't want to buy.  However, you have to think of the experience more like going to something just a step above a rummage sale.  But this is a rummage sale where the clothes are new and you can find brand names that are typically exclusive to places like JC Penney, Kohls, Macy's, Boston Store, etc.  You can find treasures amongst the trash and get it at about half the price you would pay at a department store.  Once you adjust your expectations, Gordman's will be a go to place on your shopping list because when you find even a few gems, the savings will make it all worth it.Finally, this is the perfect place to buy kids toys.  Kids destroy their stuff so paying a premium at Toys R Us does not make any sense for most people.  Gordman's has a great toy selection and it is really affordable.
3	This place is like quicksand. No matter what you are looking for you get pulled in by everything else. You must sift to find things you really like but most of the time you can find good deals. Whether it is clothes, home goods or just random items, this place has something for you.  Socks?  A dress?  Throw pillows?  They have it. Their petite section is a little lacking. But they have a great selection of name brand items at a discount.The staff is kind of terrible. They are usually overworked because the place is understaffed so I try not to hold it against them.
