4	We were fortunate enough to buy a home with granite slab in the kitchen and both baths.  Unfortunately, the granite was put over 40-year old cabinetry.  I agreed to save the granite in the guest bath and reface the vanity.When Kirk came for the estimate, I learned Canyon Kitchen not only does refacing, but custom cabinetry as well.  In fact, they do complete kitchen and bath remodels, including windows.First off, while refacing may be a less expensive option in a kitchen, it's not necessarily that much cheaper in a bathroom.  A 6-ft vanity with two new drawer boxes was approximately $1300 with solid wood doors and drawer fronts.  However, we were able to save the countertop and not have to worry about plumbing or tile work.  We also had electrical moved, the texture on one wall sanded down and retextured, and some drywall patching.The electrical was done first by a sub contractor, and there were no issues.  During the refacing, one of the owners called to check on the progress of the job.  I was asked to call in and authorize payment when the job was complete.  I did sign off on the job, but noted there were a couple of nicks in the doors.  I didn't find this to be a problem that a stain stick couldn't correct, and I didn't want to wait any longer.  However, the owner immediately came over to inspect the doors, and advised me they must have been damaged in transit as he would not have sent them out of the shop that way.  He insisted on taking them with him and having them repaired, reminding me the job was not cheap and needs to be done right.  Wow. Somebody actually takes pride in their work.  I thought that concept was lost.  The doors were back in a few days!  And I was surprised at how nice the vanity looked.The only disappointment was the texturing could have been better.  It needed to be relatively flat to match the rest of the room which has who knows how many layers of paint on it.  We noticed right away some areas were on the sloppy side (edges, around the toilet, etc).  There was also some pitting in the texture, air from the sprayer being too close??  But since it's really easy to do a little sanding before it's painted, I let it go.  Unfortunately my husband jumped the gun and primed the walls in spite of my telling him not to.  And once painted, you can tell the texture is quite a bit heavier than the rest of the room, and the imperfections remain.  I hate that, but not enough to have it redone.I would recommend Canyon Kitchen, but not for drywall stuff unless you're completing gutting a room.  I would also suggest that if you have an older place with a lot of paint on the walls, you request demolition be done (removal of old cabinet moulding) on a different day than the new install if you'll be repairing the resulting damage to the walls yourself.  It's really hard to make these repairs once the new trim is in, especially if you don't know what you're doing.
4	Five star customer service!  Received a message from Canyon advising they read the review and would like to come back and redo the texturing.  I'm declining as nothing could convince me to repaint that bathroom.  Do you know how hard it is to get clean lines when using dark colors?  I taped, painted, taped again, repainted, taped a 3rd time, repainted, before finally getting it right.  But I am super impressed Canyon's number one goal is to ensure customers are happy!
5	Last summer Canyon Kitchen Cabinets re-did my kitchen and I was so happy with their work that I had them re-do the master bathroom.  I wish I could afford to have them do the other bathroom and build an entertainment center wall cabinet.They worked with me on how to get the most out of our available space.  They were patient when I changed my mind from rustic alder to clear cherry for the cabinets -- so glad I went with the cherry, it is absolutely beautiful!!!  My countertops are the quartz composite, which I prefer because you don't have to seal it like with granite.  They made recommendations for options I wasn't sure about (countertop edges, cabinet configuration), but I recommend that you have a pretty good idea of what you want because they deferred to me on the basic design.  I was looking for more ideas and suggestions from them.The quality of their work is excellent.  I didn't have any problems with drywall, but our drywall work was minimal.  They did minor tile work that was good also.  I called them back a few times to fix some minor things (appliance garage door track, cabinet door alignments) and they were happy to come back.My only negative comment is I requested some wire shelves inside the cabinet doors under the sink and when I mentioned that they hadn't been installed, they put in some cheap plastic shelves.  This was at the end of the job and I didn't have the energy to make a fuss.My recommendations for a kitchen remodel:  1) do it in the summer, 2) check into a nice resort hotel during the nice summer rates they give the locals (preferrably one with a kitchenette), and 3) relax away from the noise and mess and from your fridge-fee, sink-free, stove-free, microwave-free kitchen.We are grateful every single day that we did this remodel!!  I highly recommend Canyon Kitchen Cabinets!
1	This company is a total BAIT AND SWITCH.  I have a small kitchen and had an estimate prepared along with the size of slab I was to pick out that would fit my square footage.  My estimate was for approximately $3,600 with a slab approximates 51 square but as close to 60 as possible.   I picked out a 56 square foot slab and had the 2nd guy come out to measure (again) and nothing about my 56 slab seemed to be a problem.  Then a 3rd guy was to come out and create a template - WELL, all of a sudden 56 will no longer be big enough and my bid is no longer good - I will have to purchase an additional slab and pay an additional $400 to $600 - thus my estimate through 2 measurings was a TOTAL BAIT AND SWITCH.  DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME WITH THIS COMPANY - WASTED TIME, SCHISTERS AND UNPROFESSIONAL .
