4	This has been my go-to mani/pedi spot for 6 years now. It's nothing fancy, but it's clean, friendly and they do a good job. They are great at remembering your name and ask about the kids...just super friendly. I only get regular manicures, but I hear their gels are great.Also there is cute little kid chairs, so you can take your little mini-you to get their nails done. My daughter LOVES going.So yeah...I'm a fan. :)
1	Salon is hit or miss depending on who does your nails.  Last time that I went one nail wasn't even completely polished and the ends had not been filed smooth.  They are cheap but you get what you pay for.
5	Had a gel polish manicure with Helen. 25 bucks. and she did a Great job! I was referred here by 3 office mates. Helen also speaks English pretty well :)It looks like the salon may have fairly recently had a facelift and looks nice, though as someone else said, not fancy.Helen also told me if you come in for a gel polish, they soak off your old gel polish FOR FREE.
5	I started going to Darling Nails two and a half years ago.  I love it.  I have now introduced my family and they love it too!
5	Great price for excellent service. Not the most upscale shop, but the staff is always friendly and remembers you.
1	I'm glad others have had good experiences here because I sure did not.  I went in to get my nails done for a special occasion.  I was so disappointed.  My nails were not smooth, 2 were on crooked and the owners didn't seem to really care that much that I was not satisfied.  Besides the language barrier, they didn't seem to understand that my nails were not on straight.  I wanted them nice and long for my special occasion but due to the screw up, I ended up with short stubby nails.  I have friends who go to the salon but there nails do not last as long as mine do from the place I go now and my friends who have their nails done here have had nails break, something I've never had.  I won't go back and give them the chance to screw up my nails again.  One thing, they are cheap.  But then you get what you paid for too.  If I want nice nails that last longer than a few days or a week, I go elsewhere.  There nails are cheap, but they aren't worth the hassle.
3	I've gone to darling nails for about 7 years now and the quality of service has dropped dramatically in the past year. Nails break, loud environment, and late appointments. However, they do remember your name, any personal aspects you share, and how you like your nails done.
5	I have been going to this salon for several years now. I have had several different girls do my nails at different times but haven't always been happy with the results. Then I discovered Helen!! She does an excellent job on my pedicure every time!  Now I only go to her.
1	Would not recommend this place.  I went because I had a coupon in the money mailer and I should have turned away when he told me that the coupon was not the right price, it was for 14.99 shellac nails.  Told me it was $18.  He then kept trying to convince me to get acrylic nails put on, I kept telling him I only wanted my natural nails painted.  The language barrier always gets frustrating.  Then I showed a picture of what I wanted my nails to look like and he just painted them the base color I picked out and didn't do anything else even though I asked in advance (all I wanted was glitter on the tips, shouldn't have been too hard).   Figured it wasn't worth arguing over paid and left.  When I got home and examined my nails there was paint already pealing on the sides because he painted on the skin on the side of the nail, a couple of my nails were still so jagged and uneven I couldn't stand it!  And today, less than a week after having them done, my thumb polish has almost completely pealed off.  Never have I had a lower quality job done on my nails.  Will never ever return.
