5	We dined recently and frequented their previous location in Gilbert. Fast, friendly service and great food.
4	I tried this restaurant for the first time last week. Will definitely return. I ordered the house chow mien lunch special. My total was $7 and some change and my plate included a cup of soup, an eggroll and a crab Rangoon. I was pleased when I counted 4 shrimp within my noodles, that's usually around the amount I get when I order a large chow mien. The chow mien was was excellent. The fried items were ok, not bad and not best I've ever had. Sadly I was not impressed with my hot&sour soup, it could've used more flavor for sure. The fried rice on the side was very basic brownish looking without any veggies. I took my food home but the inside of the restaurant was very clean with awesome South Mountain views.
4	Really good food and quick service!  I'll definitely come back.  This area is sort of a dead zone for decent restaurants, so this is definitely one to note.My favorite thing about this restaurant is that they give you what is presumably the Chinese equivalent of chips and salsa.  They set out a bowl of the little chip-like cracker things.  I am forgetting the name right now.  Wontons maybe?  With that pink sweet and sour type sauce normally served with egg rolls.  So good!  I hope this catches on everywhere, because it is a great idea!!Both of our meals were HUGE and really, really delicious.  I got the vegetable delight, and my date got the thing with egg chunks.  Both were really, really good!  Service was friendly and very fast.  I'll definitely be back here.
5	Excellent! We had Hunan Chicken and it was the best ever! Served piping hot! The server was sweet and friendly and the restaurant itself was clean and comfortable.Gaye
5	Went here for my second time Friday. The food here is excellent and the staff is over the top.  Staff is very friendly and helpful, they offered me a glass of ice water while I waited for my togo order and were happy to answer any questions I had about what they have to offer. The food was really good and they gave me more than I could eat, which is ALOT.  I look forward to coming here with friends when I have time to sit down and fully enjoy what they have to offer.
5	Great  authentic food & prices. Service is also fantastic; it's a family affair. Hurray for good restaurants in this area as they are scarcer than rain!
3	It pains me to give these guys three stars, but it really is a perfectly good 3-star place. I'll probably come back for more, but our most recent visit was entirely mediocre (in an entirely comforting sort of way). Hong Kong Kitchen would likely remind you of similar restaurants in cities where casual Chinese-American places are more the norm, but I'm usually looking for something a little more exciting when I see the ratings that this place has received.In short, my egg rolls were a little burned on the outside and soggy on the inside, and most of our other dishes were quite average, but with generous portions and entirely edible. I'm pleased to have a pleasantly unspectacular Chinese takeout restaurant nearby and will come back for more, but my expectations will be lowered from what I had seen on yelp prior to my last visit, which was my first.
5	This is the second time I've been here this week...it's that good!! My partner loves the sesame chicken. I've had Kung Pao chicken and KP shrimp. Both were excellent. Hot & Sour soup is out of this world delicious. Service is great and we will be eating here frequently.
5	First visit, very good service and their food is fresh. Lunch is only $6. Includes soup, egg roll, crab puff and entree. Kung pao beef was very good!
3	This place is a oh ok nothing espectacular ! I will visit again when on this side of town love there wonton soup.
4	We stopped in while waiting for our service at Big O to be done. It's a great "hole in the wall" Chinese place! Prices are fair, and the sheer amount of good makes it a great value. Place was a clean, and staff friendly & attentive. Would have given it a 5 but the oil the fried portions were prepared in was old and it showed in the taste. The non-fried food was awesome.
5	Outstanding food!!! I'm wicked picky with my Chinese and this is the closest to east coast Chinese I've had since moving to AZ from Massachusetts.  Try it you won't regret it!
5	Nice family atmosphere you would expect from a mom and pop operation (very friendly family staff) and they keep the place impeccably clean (which is in total contrast to not-always-so-friendly and mediocre buffets). These guys serve fresh and healthy dinners with great vegetable combinations at a fair price and if you are extra hungry you can add a couple of cream cheese rangoons, a spring roll, and hot egg drop or hot and sour soup for a mere buck. Their shrimp is phenomenal in every dish we have tried. We live walking distance to an Asian restaurant we still enjoy every now and then but I think we have found our new favorite in the neighborhood. They don't serve alcohol which is a good thing in a family restaurant. Treat yourself and give Hong Kong Kitchen III a try...
4	I"m in agreement with the others here.  The food was so good here.  Our waitress could not have been more pleasant and helpful, constantly refilling drinks for a table of 6.  She even offered to give us new drinks in to go cups.  The food really is delicious here.  We tried everything from beef and snow peas, to orange chicken, to chow mien and lo mien.  It was all yummy.  We even liked the open and airy atmosphere.  It's not particularly inventive cuisine--hence the 4 instead of 5 stars--but it's really good and their customer care is warm and efficient.
5	The service fast and friendly for sure. The food was great. I had house special fried rice.  The flavor was perfect and not oily.
5	Awesome restaurant! Wish we would've found them sooner! Great food, low prices, friendly service, nice atmosphere. Definitely going back!
2	This place was just okay to me. Food is good and the service is excellent. I had the kung pao chicken and the servings are HUGE!! Not satisfied enough to come back.
5	Great food, inexpensive prices, and good size portions... Walnut Shrimp was pretty good.
4	I'm not a big fan of Chinese food but my family is, so I thought I would give it a try. I was very impressed, the food is perfectly and seasoned just right. The beef and broccoli was amazing and the rice was just right. I will be back and to try more things off the menu.
4	Yelp took me to this place and it was pretty dang good. I would have given it 5 stars, but they got my order incorrect. Aside from that, the food was good and the service was great! I'll be going back again. Especially since they offer generous portion sizes.
4	So I have visited a few times after my last review, and let me tell you I'm a little addicted. There service has been great recently. I tried there CURRY CHICKEN IT WAS AMAZING! I love that they have Chili Oil.
