5	Excellent in every way.  Attentive and fun owners who tend bar every weekend night - GREAT live music, excellent wine selection.   Keeping Fountain Hills young.... one weekend at a time.
5	I really like this place, it has fine ambiance, excellent patio, great selection and very knowledgeable staff/ownership. Dave and his wife do such a nice job of making you feel at home and welcomed. You may have a glass of wine or buy a bottle from the retail store and enjoy it right there. Priced right, a real treasure in Fountain Hills..
5	Remember that place "where everyone knows your name?" This is it. You can show up alone, with your love or with friends and if you are open to fun and new friends, you will find them here. The owners make sure that there is always a great roster of musicians. If you haven't heard Notes from Neptune, Kyle Phelan, Javier Garcia, Stephanie or Steve Krum, come on down. Sit on the patio, enjoy the beautiful fountain and sip  great glass of wine. Better yet, join the Wine Tasting Club and be sure to visit at least once a month. From pastas to gyros, to hummus, to salads and s'mores, you'll find a tasty and inexpensive meal -- and lots of reasons to smile and Just Enjoy Life!
3	3/18/13 - walked into an empty place at 6:50 pm and was greeted by the hostess with a "you know we close at 8". That was a turn off and almost walked out but their reviews were so good we were determined to give it a try. Sat on the patio and had a nice glass of Cabernet (District 7 from Monterey, CA). Enjoyed the cheese platter and the perfect view of the fountain.
5	This is a great place to hang out with old friends or to meet some great new people.  Good wine selection, comfortable indoor and outdoor seating.  Family owned and operated.  If you don't live in Fountain Hills, this place is worth a special trip!
3	Great place for a happy hour glass of wine.  Outside seating has a nice view of the lake.  The pizza shop next door will deliver to your table.
5	Great place to come unwind. Enjoy a great wine you've never tried. Met Dave and Dianne and Kyle. You'll get great service. Meet friends you haven't met yet.
5	I can no longer sit idly by and read such misleading reviews like the one written by Sassy.  How dare you make such a comment that Dave and Di are not welcoming and friendly.  I've been coming to their bar since they took over almost six years ago, and it is the most fun place in town.  You clearly haven't been there on a Wednesday, Friday or Saturday evening when the crowd is having a great time listening to outstanding musicians, and all the patrons are laughing with Dave, Di, or their sons, Chris and Kyle.  They always greet patrons with a smile on their face and are extremely attentive, and their Mardi Gras party last night was as good as it gets!
4	Grapes has new owners. Go meet Bill and Jo. Nice couple and I love the little "extras" they have added to the decor. They have new, very comfortable, patio seating, a great Happy Hour and new snacks. Still great music and atmosphere as always!
5	Great views, service and the band was over the top...Looking forward to my next visit alreadyCheck out the photos I posted... Says it all.
5	We came across this spot during the fountain hills festival. The staff are amazing. Had some great conversations. Great wine and atmosphere.
