5	Lelia did an amazing job finding the perfect artist for me! I highly recommend using Sin City Makeup anytime you are in Vegas
5	I was in Vegas for my birthday weekend and booked Whitney to do my makeup. Initially, I was really nervous because I'm very selective with the people I choose to do my makeup since not everyone knows what works on my "somewhat Asian" features. Whitney gave me a sexy smokey eye and pale lips look and I got compliments throughout the night! I strongly recommend Whitney. She's the sweetest girl and so accommodating! I'll be back to see her in Vegas on Halloween.
5	Ok, so I know that a guy writing a review about a makeup artist seems a little suspect, but check my pics and you will fully understand...Being that my bday is just before Halloween, it has always been my favorite holiday, and thus I always have big plans to celebrate. This year, (almost every year to be honest) we booked a 3 night stay in Las Vegas, and planned out Halloween parties for all 3 nights. Wanting to go big for the actual holiday, we contacted Lei V to inquire about having a professional paint our faces with sugar skulls to celebrate the evening. After a quick back and forth email, and a small deposit placed through PayPal, we had booked Angie Lum as our makeup artist for the evening. As a guy, I had a bit of a sticker shock about the price... initially, but when I heard she was going to bring all her own supplies to our hotel room to do our makeup, my mind started to change as that was very convenient for two people that don't like to be dragged away from the action while in Vegas. Now, not to spoil the punch line, but you should know that I was so pleased with the job she had done that the price now seemed too little, so I threw in a tip... yes the makeup was that good.Angie did my makeup first, and she was very sweet, professional, and patient. She always seemed to know exactly how certain "makeup" things might bother me, (being that I never wear makeup) and she was able to give me little tips on how to easily deal with things like a sharp looking brush being run across the inner of my eye lid, awwww! She even at one point did my eye line in sections to alleviate my strain. So fast forward the night, our makeup is done and we hit casino party on our way over to the Calvin Harris set at club Hakkassan. After a few drinks, I could not count the number of compliments and pictures we had taken by fellow party goers. So when the Yelp questionnaire asks would I book this service again, I can honestly say that we received so many compliments that we actually tried to book her again for the Day of the Dead party the next night! Thanks so much, we had a blast!
5	We had a wedding in October in Las Vegas and needed  make-up/hair  for 9 people.I found Lelia on line.  After explaining when and what I was looking for she and I started emailing.  I emailed what everyone wanted.  I sent her pictures of everyone so she could get an idea of whom everybody was.Grandmom's and mom's and sister's and the bride.Lelia and her team did a GREAT job. Lelia did the bride the night before for her reception dinner.The day of the wedding they arrived on time and calmly did 9 ladies.  I was one of the woman.  The make-up artist asked me after she started if I liked the look she was creating.  I said no.  She listened to me and fixed what I did not like.  Everyone was very happy.I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMAND THEM.Thank you to all the woman that helped create a beautiful day.
5	Angie and Whitney were amazing!!! We got our makeup done for a night out in Vegas and could not be happier with the makeup and how sweet both Angie and Whitney were. We will definitely be calling them again the next time we are in vegas! Highly recommend them!
5	I found Lelia on Yelp and while she was not available for the particular date I needed, she set me up with Marissa. Which was destiny since my name is Marisa too! Marissa contacted me via email and I sent her some pictures of what I was looking for in terms of Make Up and Hair. She arrived to my hotel suite promptly on time and set up shop quickly. We reviewed the look I wanted and it was nothing but perfection till the very end. I found Marissa to be personable and fun. I am often nervous when it comes to someone doing my hair or make up because I rarely like the finished product. I LOVED IT!!! I felt beautiful and there was not a hair out of place. She got all my thick hair up and it stayed put for not only my wedding but the next day too! I will recommend them to any of my friends or if I have the chance to use their services again when I am in Vegas. Marisa Schafer
5	so I found Leila online and I thought her website showed the best looks plus met her at 1 of the bridal shows. She booked me with Marissa because she said she could give me the look I wanted for an updo for my wedding. I did a trial with her and knew she would be the right girl for the job, not to mention she is an absolute sweety. Marissa was on time and I so loved my hair and make up and my nieces hair and my maid of honor's as well. Was probably one of the highlights of my day. I got lots of compliments. The only negative feedback I would give is on the communication with getting info, invoices and such. I  know these days a lot if companies rely on email only but sometimes its good to talk by phone and some of the invoices were so small I couldn't read them. So I would say they need to work on their system, but all in all, I recommend them for their work and that's what mattered the most.
5	This review is for Marissa****I found Lelia through a search on her website SinCity Makeup. Her work was VERY impressive so I booked my appointment 8 months before my wedding. Leila had to call and cancel 3 weeks before the wedding because of a misbooking or something because iHeartRadio music festival was going on the same weekend. She suggested Marrisa do my makeup and I was all for that! ALl of the artists she has on staff have great profolios so I knew I'd be in good hands.Marrisa was fantastic! The morning of the wedding I text Marissa a picture of my morning surprise (a HUGE red zit right under my eye). She gave me tips and told me exactly what to do to bring dow the swelling etc. She also called to let me know that she might be 30 minutes late (which was fine, we had the time in case she was). She ended up being right on time, BONUS! She was hilarious and fun to work with. All the girls in my bridal party had fun talking with her, she was adroable. The BEST part was, she was completely able to cover the pimple I had! Pictures turned out well thanks to her :) I highly recommend Marissa or ANY of the staff of Lei V!I'll put up a better picutre than this black and white one once I have the copies :)
