5	New Coffee Shop opened in Olive Mill-  family owned and operated, locally brewed right there in the store.  I  noticed that they offer a nice selection from light roast to dark roast.  I tried the Superstition blend (medium) and it was excellent!!They also have a unique and beautiful Italian cappuccino machine, that I was told was 1 of 2 in all of Arizona.Overall wonderful setting inside the Olive Mill, and friendly family staff- will definitely come and again and recommend to friends.
5	Hey Bill, Thanks again for your time and educating us on the blends of coffee you and your sons roast. (2/17/12)  Trying the middle roast you recommended, excellent, will be re-ordering LTR. - Hank & Lauralyn Theodore
5	Watch your back, Starbucks. There's a new game in town. It's called Superstition Coffee and it's in The Olive Mill in Queen Creek. It's a family owned coffee business, serving up fresh roasted, fresh brewed coffee, It's owned by a personable couple, and their two U.S. Marine sons. Perhaps, the young ladies should stop by and have some delicious coffee, served by Mom and Dad, and  these two, clean cut, handsome young men. I highly recommend this place, for delicious coffee, and pastries. Check it out, you'll love it!
5	Superstition Coffee is exactly what we were looking for in a coffee bar:1) Quality coffee - Bill (the owner and roaster) sources and roasts all of the raw coffee himself, and Terri (Bill's wife) is an expert barista running an incredibly beautiful espresso machine.  The drinks are fantastic!  My wife and I enjoy Americanos (espresso + water) and Superstition's are better than The Coffee Shop or Liberty Market, and you can forget Starbucks...  2) Friendly, passionate people - My wife and I have been in for coffee once a week for four weeks and Bill and Terri know us by name.  Both of them are passionate about great coffee, and they are genuinely warm and welcoming people.  Bill has a teacher's heart and has a wealth of knowledge about how coffee is grown, harvested, blended, roasted, prepared, and enjoyed.  Terri always engages us in conversation and clearly loves people.3) Locally roasted coffee - You can't get more locally roasted than this!  Bill roasts the coffee in small batches 10 feet away from the espresso machine.  We like it so much that we've switched to brewing Superstition Coffee at home, and we love it!Give them a try, you won't be disappointed!
4	Dark-medium roast!
5	I am so impressed! I thought everything out here was just strip malls and chains. It made finding the place a little difficult. I didn't expect one large free standing building surrounded by desert, trees, and picnic tables.I walked in and was even more impressed. This place had options. The coffee shop is simply under the same roof as an olive mill. In one corner there are outstanding breakfast and sandwich options, gelato and pizza in another, and locally pressed olive oil sold in the center.The coffee, was great and the ambiance superb.
5	This place is just amazing.  The owners know their stuff and provide such a personal touch to your drink.  The beans are roasted and bagged there.  You can literally buy a bag of beans that was roasted that day.  This was such a perfect addition to the Queen Creek Olive Mill experience.  I can only think of one other coffee place in Arizona that can compete with their espresso drinks.
5	The best coffee in the state, roasted as you watch, and served by warm, friendly members of a local family. Superstition Coffee still offers the best coffee in Arizona  with the friendliest service. Johnny's cappuccino is my wife's favorite - I heard a man say he was from Italy so knew cappuccino, and Johnny's was the best he'd had outside Italy! Their Americano is also great, as is their brewed coffee, and all the drinks are great value. We also buy their bagged freshly roasted coffee beans. We grind them at home but they will grind them for you, and you can order them online and have them mailed to you. There's nothing like making coffee from the beans that Bill  roasts while you watch at Superstition Coffee.This local business, operated by a family whose two sons are Marines with service in Iraq and Afghanistan, is worth supporting - both their coffee and their warm welcome will have you coming back.
5	Located inside the Queen Creek Olive Mill in their own cute merchant space. They know their coffee! How many times do I have to tell a barista what is in a dirty chai, or triple check that they used soy, ugh! Not these guys...they get it right every time! They also sell burlap sacks for all you DIY-ers.
5	Fabulous coffee bar inside QC Olive Mill. I have a lovely experience every time I go. Bill even gave us a mini coffee lesson today. We loved it! Terri is so sweet. Such great customer service.They know what they are doing. They know their coffee. It really is so rare to see business owners take such pride in their product and business. I'm so appreciative of that as a customer. I would be here every day if I didn't live in Chandler!I had a cappuccino and husband had a traditional macciato (not on the menu). Both were phenomenal. My only gripe is that they don't have almond milk. Come on Bill and Terri, no one drinks soy anymore!Overall, great spot!
5	I'm happy to see that there's finally a good place to get amazing coffee in Queen Creek that isn't a Starbucks! Went here twice and had to get the iced coffee both times - it was smooth and rich. Miles beyond the watered-down Starbucks variety. The people working there (the owner and his wife, I believe) are also extremely friendly and inviting. This is definitely my new coffee shop of choice for when I'm home from college.
5	We just moved to the Queen Creek/San Tan Valley area a few weeks ago, and the first thing on our list was to find a decent coffee spot. While venturing around inside the Queen Creek Olive Mill, we discovered Superstition Coffee. I'm very (very!) picky with coffee shops, but since it's the only one we could find, I decided to try it - and I'm so glad I did!I ordered an iced mocha, and my girlfriend ordered an iced caramel latte. The next time I visited, I ordered a frozen mocha. We've only been here for about 2 weeks, but my stamp card is almost filled up! We love this place!The price is spot on with what we were paying back home (in the Midwest), which tells me it's not too expensive. The staff is super friendly and recognizes me already - that's something I love when I go to a coffee shop!The free wi-fi, ample seating, and super-friendly staff are huge bonuses!
5	This place is awesome.  Great service well priced coffee and there are a lot of cool drink options.  It is actually located INSIDE the olive mill.
5	This place is it. Friendly family owed coffee place, amazing coffee, great price.
5	They have great service! It is family owned and operated and they are so nice. The atmosphere is great inside the Olive Mill. I come here a couple times a month, and love the Caramel Granita with whipped cream. I recommend this place to everyone.
5	These guys mean business when it comes to coffee!   The divine aroma of roasting coffee first lead me to their counter.   Needless to say, I was not disappointed and even left with a bag of the Superstition coffee.  I am enjoying a cup of the smooth, bold brew as I write this, and planning my next trip to try their granitas!
4	Love their coffee!! This is the best local coffee in Queen Creek! I have really enjoyed every cup I've had! I love that they are inside the Olive Mill as we like to grab breakfast there as well!
5	Owners are SUPER friendly people, and the coffee is great! Stopped in today for a mocha and Gelato.  The atmosphere is casual. Awesome place!
