2	Say it with me now: Blaaaaaaaaaand.
4	I usually come here for lunch with some of my lab mates since it's pretty close. I've always ordered Pad Thai, and I like it. Maybe Thara Thai's a bit better, but I being no expert in Thai food at all, can't find much difference. Bottom line: I like Pad Thai, and I'm happy to eat here.
4	i had the kowtom soup when it was snowing (too much) for me and it was DELICIOUS!!!!!!  i burned my tongue eating it but i couldn't stop myself :).  that is the only thing i order whenever i go there.  and the greatest thing about nitaya thai is that a friend of mine now likes pad thai (not an adventurous eater).  yay!
3	i recently went on thai food kick around town... and to make the comparison fair decided to have basil chicken in several places... Thara Thai, Nitaya Thai and Basil Thai in campustown. the second one (Nitaya Thai) bests the other two on location, downtown Champaign. it's within walking distance of good coffee, music shows, beer, etc. that being said, the basil chicken is alright, not as good as Thara Thai's but better than Basil Thai's (if you can even call their dish "chicken"). Nitaya's chicken is a bit on the dry side, the rice portion was generous, but cold even though i arrived on time (i had take-out). if you are dining in, the booths are nice, but don't expect anything posh.
4	I dig Nitaya.  I hapened upon it by accident yesterday, but I liked it quite a bit.  My friends Carol F. and Nicolle R. both liked it too; the portions were nice, the ambiance was delightful--it struck the fine line between looking cool and inexpensive without looking kitschy or lame.  Most importantly, our waiter was awesome.  He was friendly, engaging and ultimately really helpful.I loved me some Nitaya.  I'll be back. :)
5	Nitaya's food is still only okay by way of Thai food, but the service is amazing.  So much so, that ti deserves a five star.  The server there, a funny, thoughtful guy in his 20's (whose name I've forgotten--dang!)I showed up here yet again with Nicolle and Carol and even though Nicolle had a problem with her dish, he was kind, friendly and very cool about returning the dish for another.  He also managed to keep thte table constantly full of water or any other food items, which was fantastic.  The best part, however?He made a reference to "Pedagogy of teh Oppressed."  Any waiter at a Thai restaurant who can cite the brilliance that is author Paolo Friere, deserves to have his restaurant kicked up a notch.  Fantastic.Now, can we make the food a bit more exciting next time?
2	First problem:  Dear god I was taken aback by the menu prices when I first sat down.  Almost everything was well over $10 per meal, even the staple stuff.  I mean you'd think that since Nitaya's in a "college town" the prices would reflect the clientele that they're going to attract.  Second problem:  No leftovers.  I was hungry but there's a universal understanding that Thai food portions should ALWAYS be big enough to make at least two meals out of.  That is a fact and Nitaya, to quote The Dude "YOU FUCKED IT UP!  YOU FUCKED IT UP!"Lone positive:  As much as I bitch and moan, the Pad See Ewe was kind of really good and at the perfect level of spiciness.
3	I had high(er) hopes for Nitaya Thai, mostly because it's so close to my house.  Alas, it's just okay.  The prices are kind of high for a just-okay-thai-place in Champaign.  But the atmosphere was alright and the waiter was nice.The Crab Rangoon was tasty (it'd be hard to make it gross), but it was too thin and greasy for my liking.  The boy's Red Curry was not bad at all, and was a very appropriate level of spiciness.  I thought I'd try the Pad Kee Mao (Drunken Noodles), as I'd never tried it before.  In theory, I would've really liked it.....but Radio Maria's Korean Hot Pot Food Poisoning Delight has ruined me forever.  I couldn't tolerate the spicy-sweetness of the dish in combination with the slimy noodles.  It turned my stomach.  I poured some of the boy's curry sauce over my dish which helped make it more palatable....but I couldn't eat the noodles.  Yuck.  Not Nitaya's fault, but it doesn't help its case.
5	I really enjoyed the Pad Thai from this place. They can even specialize yours by making it more spicy if you want. It always seemed like this place was dead, but their food was really good at a reasonable price and the staff was friendly and fast, so I don't know why. Paking was a little annoying though, but I guess all of downtown is kinda like that.
3	Nitaya Thai is a good Thai restaurant. The serving staff is always incredibly friendly but the food is sort of average at best. The portions were reasonably sized but the price seemed a bit higher than some of the other places in town. However, if you're craving Thai and are in downtown Champaign this is a good place to go.
4	Nitaya = good food, dated decor with the potential for not being very clean. Bottom line, though, is the food is good enough to trump the environs. Their Pad Thai with chicken is very good. The veggies are fresh, the spice is just right, and the flavor is outstanding. Their basil chicken and garlic chicken are also very good, as are the spring rolls and chicken satay. I find the portions to be more than enough and the pricing reasonable. Go trya Nitaya!
2	The food is good here, quite good actually. I give it two stars because it is far too expensive for what it is. I speculate that the high prices are to cover the overhead on the large (in sq. ft.) restaurant area, or maybe they use really high-quality ingredients in some dishes and spread the cost of those over their cheaper dishes. I say this b/c I have only gotten pretty simple stuff like pad thai, tom ka, and curries from them (no fancy fish or meat) and have always felt that I overpaid by at least 50%. IMHO, Nothing about this place justifies the excessive prices (though the dope mural outside comes close). The quality of the food is about on par with or slightly higher than Thara Thai, but the prices are nearly double.
5	Their chicken pad Thai is awesome!
3	I've eaten here a few times now and the food is always pretty dang decent.  For some reason this place is kinda the greasy spoon of Thai spots in Chambana.Their pad thai is fairly good.  It's not drowned with peanut sauce so you can actually taste the tamarind.  The portions were plenty for two ladies to eat their fill; their was actually about a half serving left over.The decor is dated classic for a Thai restaurant.  They have a full bar, which is really nice.  A strong IPA pairs well with most everything on the menu.Their green curry is delectable.  Flavor spot-on.  I ordered the spiciness level at American hot.  It was amazing- just on the verge of being too spicy for me.  Love when the heat is a challenge and my face turns red and the tears threaten to well up.  Perfection!The tom kah was fairly good.  They use regular ol' domestic button mushrooms, which is one complaint I have about both Nitaya and Siam Square.  Tom kah should be made with straw mushies.  Straw!Nitaya does go the extra mile of slicing the shrooms thin and sauteeing them before addition to the soup.  This makes a world of difference and is much more close to the flavor I'm seeking in this particular soup.I'd probably give this joint four stars if not for the outrageously inflated prices and the fact that although they are listed as a delivery restaurant they never have had a driver when I try to order from work.
1	First off, our waiter only understood about 25% of what we said.When my "red snapper" with red curry sauce arrived and I took a bite, I realized it was talapia, and not red snapper. I hate the muddy flavor of talapia, and felt cheated because the dish cost $15.95.Our waiter didn't return for about 18 minutes, so I went ahead and started eating the sauce with rice, just barely nibbling on the fish.When he returned, I told him that the fish was talapia and not snapper. He checked with the chef and came back and verified my suspicions. I told him he should give us a discount since talapia is an inexpensive fish. He didn't understand and sent the manager over.The manager insisted it was red snapper and tried to convince us of that by talking about the chilis and spices. Excuse me, I know that red curry sauce does not make red snapper taste like talapia. I cook Thai food at home. I know what different fish taste like.She refused to give us a refund, and was not polite at all about the situation. If our waiter had shown up sooner, I would have just sent the dish back and ordered something else. (Of course, they probably would have tried to charge us for both!)In addition to this, the dish was overly salty, over priced, and they used that granulated garlic that leaves a bitter taste in your mouth for two hours. We won't be going back!
2	Nitaya, how do you survive?  When I come by, you're so empty inside that I can always hear the wok frying behind the walls.  At school, the kids pick their teams, and no one ever picks you as their favorite.Honestly, given the competitiveness of Thai restaurants in town and the steep rental prices for property in downtown Champaign, how does Nitaya make it?  The food is not offensively bad, just forgettable.  I've sampled their curries and noodle dishes but nothing invokes the vividly bright, colorful senses that I associate with Thai cooking.  My entrees there are often limp and sad (but maybe I can blame that on the lighting...?).If you want to go on a serious date for Thai food, Nitaya Thai could serve as an appropriate setting.  The interior decor is immediately recognizable as an oh-so-camp, tropical-themed '80s bar, with wicker chairs and faded turquoise booths.  There's something undeniably charming about the setup, but unfortunately it lacks the warmth that only a crowded dining room can offer.
3	Wanted Thai while on Champaign for work. Tried this place and it was good but very small portions. So much so that I had to get taco bell fourth meal 3 hours later.
4	I've always had excellent food here. Pad thai is great, not loaded with weird peanut sauce and the noodles are not overcooked (unlike other thai places on campus). Tom yum koong is very good, with pronounced flavors. I don't mind button mushrooms, and the shrimp is always cooked properly, which to me is more important. Flabby shrimp is gross and ruins a dish for me. I've always had good service, but be sure to speak clearly if the server is struggling to understand.
3	When I first stepped in the place, the booths against the windows reminded me of a diner. It was kind of cozy in a way, the lighting is dim and the decor is kinda charming. Anyway, we started out our lunch with their crab rangoon which did not appeal to my taste buds. The cream cheese filling tasted more like sour cream and it was somewhat runny, thin and greasy. Sorry, not a fan. After the disappointing crab rangoon, I was served my chicken pad kee mao. I ordered it spicy. I love anything spicy and I have a very high tolerance for spicy foods, but this was almost too much. I could feel my face turn different shades of red, my nose started being runny and at times it felt as if my airway was closing. Ok. Maybe that's a tad overdramatic but seriously, this stuff was HAWT. I couldn't even enjoy any pad kee mao flavors beneath that level of hotness. Whew. I eventually got used to how hot it was but the food tasted just ok to me. It wasn't really bad but it just wasn't great either. I did however enjoy the ambience and the comfy booths.
5	We ate tonight at Nitaya, and our food was excellent.  I had the Pineapple Chicken Curry and my wife had a Modified Number 77.  We had potstickers for an appetizer and sticky rice and Mango for dessert.  The only slight complaint was that the decor was slightly dated, but for authentic Thai, this was it.  The service was great and no problems with English understanding him or us.
5	Every time I go, they do not disappoint.
2	The first time I went to this place I was very disappointed.  I ordered Pad Thai with tofu for takeout and when when I got home, there was absolutely no sauce or flavor to the noodles at all.  I guess when you order it not spicy, they just don't add anything to it? On top of that, the texture of the tofu was a little off and it felt overcooked.  The noodles also had a weird rubbery texture I've never experienced before. It was edible, but not good.  Perhaps I just didn't order it properly? So a friend was visiting and we both had a taste for thai food. Nitaya was on our way to downtown so I decided we could give this place another try.  This time, I ordered the Pad Thai with tofu again, but I told them to make it Mild.  It was better than the first time I had it, but still kinda bland. The noodles were again really rubbery and just not appetizing. The portions are also kinda small for the price. I've eaten at MANY thai restaurants and this is unfortunately one of the worst. Sorry, Nitaya Thai, I'll be trying the other thai options in town next time.
5	The food is delicious. We have gone twice, and both times were great. First we went for the lunch special and had green curry. They give you a free soup to begin, which was nice and warming. The curry was savory and creamy.Today we went back for the regular priced menu, which was more expensive but had larger portions. I had the padthai, which was excellent. The waitstaff is friendly and professional. The only weird thing is how empty the place always is. (And the painting of Abe Lincoln is kind of odd too, but we are in Land of Lincoln here.) I wish more people would go so they don't have to close down or something.There is free parking on the weekends in the big parking structure behind the restaurant.
1	this was the must disgusting restaurant I have eaten at in years.  We ordered the dumplings and they arrived freezer cold.  Really.  When we sent the dish back, they came back with the same dumplings, just warmed up.  Ok, could have lived with that.  Green curry arrived with hair in both the rice and the curry dish.  The hair was long and black sticking out of the mound of rice on the plate.  When the replacement rice came back from the kitchen, it was the same rice, just forked through to remove the hair.  Next up was going to the bathroom.  As you walk to the back of the restaurant, the floor, walls, etc get dirtier and dirtier - and then look to the left and you'll see the same dirt and chaos in the kitchen.  This place is a health hazard.
1	My husband and I went there and I ordered the pad thai. I took a couple bites and noticed a hair in it. A black, curly-ish, 2 inch long, hair.  I was obviously disgusted and I told the waiter. I said I couldn't eat it and he turned and left. He didn't take the food away, apologize, or offer to bring me something else or a new plate of pad thai. He ran away because he didn't want to deal with it. So, then he finally comes back and tosses the bill on the table and leaves. I tried to get his attention but he was ignoring us! When he finally comes back I tell him that we're not paying for my meal since I couldn't eat it because of the hair. He said he'd ask his manager and when he finally came back he said they could take HALF off my dinner.  WHAT? Really? I took maybe 4 bites total before I found the hair and obviously didn't eat anything. Finally, he took the bill to his manager who took the pad thai off the bill. Also, the few bites of pad thai that I did have were awful. Not flavorful at all. The sauce was almost creamy. It was very different from any pad thai I've ever gotten and it was gross. I understand, sometimes things may end up in the food. I'll be reasonable about that. However when it does, make it right when it's brought to your attention. They didn't do that or even try. I will never be back.
4	Good authentic Thai food.  My only issue is that the portions could be a little bit bigger.  I ordered the Pad-see-ew and was glad the chicken resembled chicken.  The noodles were coated with the correct amount of sauce, and there was plenty of broccoli.  Friendly staff.  The space is weird, but makes it different.
4	the 1st time I ever had Thai food was here, this place is so wonderful!!! Feels like your at Mom's house being served hot/fresh, delicious food. Sweet Sweet, fast wait staff, lovely environmentIf only I'd written this review so much sooner *smh* soooo yummy
3	Old school Thai restaurant.  My motorcycle club usually have dinner here at least once or twice a year and we all really enjoy it.  It's not really been that busy on our recent visits which concerns me because I've really had good meals here.  I enjoy their Chicken Pad Thai, Shrimp Fried Rice, Chicken Pad Se Ew (spelling?), and a rice bean noodle dish I love.  I order everything Medium, heat wise and it's still pretty hot.  Four years ago I mistakenly ordered hot and it burned twice!The place doesn't appear to be very clean and the restrooms are a hike from the table and kind of sketchy but the staff are very nice and attentive.  Food is good too.
1	A let down...read more...http://www.thaifoodaficionado.com/2012/06/nitaya-thai-champaign-il.html
1	found a bug in my rice...
5	This place has the best Tom yum soup in all of champaign/ Urbana!! My boyfriend & I always choose to come here to eat when we are craving Thai food. Don't judge a book by its cover!  Reasonably priced & great food! I wish they had Mee krob with the red sweet & sour sauce. I can't find this dish anywhere in C-U!!
4	Obviously being from central, rural midwest my range of Thai Food is pretty limited.  I have probably eaten at around 25 Thai Restaurants in my life, so take the review for what it is worth.That said, this place was great.  I like my food really, really spicy.  Often I order it "Thai Spicy" and get something that barely makes me sweat.  Not the case at Nitaya, the fried rice and pad thai were packed with flavor, and spiced to perfection... about as hot as I can tolerate (which is how I ordered it).  Keep in mind I fix tacos with bhut jolokias and habanero peppers.  I like spicy food.The setting was fun, service was great, mango sticky rice was fantastic.  Make sure if you're not a fan of cucumber water that you ask for tap.  Overall, this is one of the best I have had in IL, ranging from Chicago to Carbondale. So far, it is my top in Champaign.  I can imagine that better exists (that mythical 5 stars), but I haven't found it yet.
3	Had a lunch special and spring roll for appetizer. Forgot the name of the lunch special. It was a stir-fried meat and vegetable dish with rice. It was too oily for me. The spring roll was awful-the skin of the roll was hard and the sauce didn't taste good. Thank to the lunch special the price was not expensive. But I think I'll never visit this restaurant again.
5	Best Thai place ive ever been to. The pad thai is unlike any other I have had. They thai iced tea is amazing also. Pretty much anything you get on the menu is going to be the most authentic you can get anywhere in the area. The tom yum soup is very flavorful and filling. They also have cucumber water that is very refreshing with your meal. The staff is very nice and always willing to have a chat. The atmosphere is great and they have a lot of unique art, giving it a very authentic feel.
3	Their food is average. I didn't hate anything but there's nothing too special about it. Their fried rice is pretty good, but doesn't make me want to go all the way to downtown Champaign for it. I did have a small problem with the service. There's not that many customers the few times I've visited this place, yet the server didn't even try to be attentive. We had to approach her to ask for whatever we needed. Kind of annoying. Besides that, it was okay.
5	Nitaya Thai never disappoints! It was the first place I had Thai. I have tried every other Thai place in town and I always am disappointed or wish I had gone to Nitaya instead! The crab Rangoon is amazing. I love the chicken satay with an amazing peanut sauce, as well as the spring rolls. My fav is the pad Thai. It is full of flavor. Be careful when choosing your spice level! Medium spicy is plenty spicy and I love spicy food.
3	Very authentic thai food--once you get past the terrible (outdated decor), the fact that you are the only person in the restaurant, and the overly spiced curries. If you feel like a restaurant without that ambient atmosphere, but that is still pretty decent, this is the place for you!
2	Ordered mock duck curry and mussamun curry. Very disappointed. Both Seemed very oily and extremely watery. The consistency of the curry was just not there. Potato in the curry tasted like it was canned. No authentic Thai flavors. Bland and tasteless. No taste of herbs or coconut milk. Have tried some of their noodles before which is good. Will probably give one more chance.
