5	An all female dentistry staff, as this place has, might be of particular importance to some.   For me, it is the quality of care, the family atmosphere and truly personal warmth and concern that have made me loyal.Shamefully, I didn't take proper care of my teeth in my youth and back in those times dentistry wasn't exactly painless.  I suppose most dentists nowadays are relatively painless but I can't imagine (and have never experienced) one as gentle as Dr. Stacy Tracy.  The other dentist, Dr. Roxane Huber, has never worked on me but seems equally nice.  Their dental hygienists are as personable and professional as any I have known.Dr. Tracy graduated at the top of her class from the U.S. News & World Report top rated dental school in the nation, The University of Texas Health and Medical Science Center.  It still retains that number one rating.   She has about thirteen years experience in her private practice.Dr. Tracy told me that she had wanted to be a dentist since she was a child when she had extensive work done by a caring dentist after an automobile accident.  Her dedication and professionalism shows, my mouth was a mess. She doesn't lecture me, exactly, but she has motivated me to floss now more-or-less regularly.  She convinced me that all that plaque was not actually a "protective shield" and with periodic cleanings now I haven't had to have any repair work for a very long time.  I know I disappoint her that I continue smoking but she doesn't bawl me out.A spotless office, good magazines (no Field & Stream, Golfing Today, nor even US News & World Report) but, dammit, the wait times are so brief I can never finish that National Geographic article.  Modern equipment stuff too, even some kind of fancy laser do-hickey, and I don't even have to lean over and spit like in the old days. I just clicked the "By Appointment Only" box below but I have overheard the staff juggling schedules to fit in emergencies.
5	Dr. Tracy is really professional, knowledgeable, and pleasant to be around. My fiance and I just started going to her and have been really pleased. I like most am not of fan of the dentist but Dr. Tracy makes it really pleasant. I highly recommend her.
5	My teeth have never felt cleaner. Seriously the best cleaning I've ever had! It was my first visit today and Dr. Tracy and her hygenist were very THOROUGH. I found out things about my teeth that I never knew before because of all the x-rays that were taken. Every detail was explained and made clear so that I can make informed choices.Thanks Dr. Tracy and staff for being so personable and making me feel like my teeth received the absolute best care!
1	This has been the worst dental experience of my life! After having my ex-rays, I was informed of extra work that was needed. I've never heard of this procedure before and the price was outrageous! I didn't have any other work done. I paid for my ex-rays and decided to find a different dentist. Now I want to get my ex-rays transferred to a different dentist and they are charging me to do this. This is awful service. I wish I never walked in the door
5	They have moved off of Mill Ave. to a brand new office at 1712 E Guadalupe Rd, Tempe so a name change was needed.  They are now Tempe Smile Design http://www.stacytracydds.com/I previously reviewed Mill Avenue Family Dentistry and Dr. Tracy is my dentist there.  I cannot give her six stars?  Five doesn't seem enough.
1	Amateur customer service, dishonest, and very little business sense. I was really looking forward to finding a great dentist in Tempe and had hopes this was it.  Unfortunately, the facts of my experience  have to support otherwise. Allow me to explain:1) Called to schedule an appointment without problem.  They answer promptly, and schedule out for just over a week's time.  The appointment is on a Friday at 1pm.  Great so far.2) They ask for insurance information in which I did not have on me at the time.  I called back and  they take the information down and indicate they support my insurance.  They explain they will call them and get any additional information they need from them.  They then proceed to make their first mistake and confirm a 12:30 appointment time.  I check my calendar and correct that we scheduled for a 1pm.  She indicated she sees where she messed up and says sorry and asks for a change to 12:45.  That is no problem on my end I say and that is that. 3) I receive a reminder phone call a few days before the appointment and they are calling to confirm 12:30.  I can't believe how inept they are beginning to sound in their scheduling department.  Starting to worry me now about my decision to choose this dentist office.4) I to my appointment and fill out the paperwork needed.  Upon turning it in, they look to see I have filled out my insurance portion and they proceed to ask, "oh, you do have insurance, we don't have you down as having insurance" .  Keep in mind bullet 2 where I made a phone call to them specifically giving them my insurance information.5) Waiting a few more minutes they explain they are going to have to do another full set of x rays on my mouth.  Typically, a full set is allowed by insurance once every 5 years on a patient. This is in the range of $500 to get these done.  In between these full mouth x rays, dentist commonly use the bite wings where you bite down on a white wing and they take a small x ray of that portion of your mouth to check for cavities etc...    I explain that I have had one of these full mouth x rays performed within the last five years (only 6 months ago in fact) and gave them information of the dentist where they can request the x ray.    They say they don't do this and they must do another full mouth x ray not covered by insurance just to see me.  This is a common practice to do DOUBLE BILLING to take advantage of those that do not know better and to get extra money.  This was enough and I excused myself from their office.  If their are this many problems before I even get in the chair, I worry about how many mistakes and problems they will create intentionally or not in my mouth.    It is very clear now they are not only unable to run a customer oriented business, but are also dishonest in their business dealings.  DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PRACTICE.    Let them "practice" on individuals not looking for a life long dentist.
5	Drs. Tracy and Huber are friendly, efficient, and down to earth.   I've been a patient for over 10 years and when it came time to start taking my kids to the dentist, I decided against the kiddie dentist and brought both of them in to see Dr. Tracy.   Margie got my then 3 year old son to sit calmly through an entire cleaning, and I credit her patience and skill!   Dr. Tracy & Margie also took care of my 2 year old daughter and she sat through descaling with them and even an exam of an odd bump on her hard palate.   These folks are in business because they are doing what they love for people they respect, and they do a wonderful job of it.   I am a huge fan of Mill Ave Dentistry, and that's something coming from someone with a terrible dislike of having dental work done.   No tricks, no gimmicks, no nonsense, just friendly smart people doing a darn good job.
5	I've been going through scheduling nightmares with work and have had to reschedule my daughter's cleaning... three times.   Susie has been understanding and helpful in getting us set up at a time that I can make it.  The flexibility and compassion with this has been stellar; businesses could learn a thing or two about being helpful and fostering existing relationships from this dentist.And never in a million years would I have thought I'd write that about a dentists' office.
5	My first time visiting Dr. Tracy (2004) I was so embarassed, I had not been to a dentist in 9 years.  My anxiety was thru the roof to say the least.  Even though I had a long list of issues to take care of and in tears, she reassured me that we would get thru them one at a time and there was nothing to be embarassed about.  Over the years, I have spent many hours in the chair slowly getting everything in my mouth fixed.  Dr. Tracy has been caring, professional and is highly respected by her peers in the community.  I had to see  both an oral surgeon and a periodontist as directed by Dr. Tracy, both Doctors held her in high regard when they looked to see who the referring Dentist was.  Mill Avenue Family Dentistry from the front office to the hygienists have been so wonderful over the years, and have been so great accomadating me at a moments notice.  If you are new in town and looking for a famiy dentist, this is the place to be!
5	I found Mill Avenue Family Dentistry after many years of avoiding dental care. I hadn't found a new provider in the 5 years of being a full time Arizona resident. The insurance I had for my first visit to Dr. Tracy limited the dentists I could pick from and I honestly chose MAFD because of it's proximity my daily routine. After meeting Dr. Tracy for the first time, I was so happy I did. I had quite a few cavities and jaw issues which necessitated numerous visits over a two month period. While I had some bumps with the reception staff, nothing was major or a deal breaker, and all was ironed out while I was in my appointment. I found that the prices were extremely reasonable and they worked out a payment plan as I couldn't afford to do everything at once. The whole team was helpful and focused on me and my dental health.I have referred many coworkers and friends to this practice and I will continue to do so because I feel the quality of work and service standards meet and exceed my expectations.
5	Never had a better experience at a Dentist, I truly felt at home here. From the moment I walked in the door I felt comfortable and at home. The staff is so friendly and incredible I highly recommend them to everyone!!!!
5	I have been a patient of Dr. Tracy for 12 years now and I can say that she is one of the best in Arizona! She has taken such great care of my family and myself and always provided us with awesome customer service! My daughters now, 10, 7 and 4 have been seeing her since birth and if we ever needed anything, she has been available. I have also known Dr. Huber since she joined Dr. Tracy and can say that she is a wonderful addition to the practice!All of the front office staff, hygienists and dental assistants have your best interests in mind when ever they are working with you and will keep you informed of any and all changes in your dental health or dental insurance!My family just had our 6 month cleaning and check ups today in their new office and it really reflects the care they want to take of their patients with all of the diagnostic equipment they have available. As well, it shows how important our comfort is to them!If you have been looking for a Dentist then look no further as I know they will take as good care of you and your family as they have of mine!!
5	The New office is amazing! Had some major dental work done today and I couldn't have been more comfortable!  4 hours in the chair, 2 movies on Netflix on the new flat screen which I could see while my procedure was being done... I'm a happy girl! Dr. Tracy is amazing!
5	I have had some horrible dentistry experiences so going to this office I was very concerned.  However, the staff was professional and I have seen Both Dr. Tracy and Dr. Huber and they were so nice and professional that I have referred several family and friends.  There new office is quite far from me but I would drive across town to go their office!
5	I needed a new dentist a couple of years ago and found Tempe Smile Design and Dr. Huber by way of a recommendation from a neighbor.  They are just the best dentists ever!
5	I've been a patient of Dr. Tracy's since the late 1990s and she's been nothing but a stellar, caring, and thorough professional. She's performed multiple procedures on my teeth over those years and I couldn't be happier. In fact, I have moved further and further north of Dr. Tracy's office since first meeting Dr. Tracy but I have made the effort to keep her as my dentist. And as long as I live in Arizona, she will remain so. I highly recommend Dr. Tracy if you are looking for a great dentist!
5	Since moving to Tempe from the midwest, I've been on the lookout for a reputable dentist. I chose Tempe Smile Design based on its Yelp reviews, and it totally followed through. It's a GREAT business! I go to Dr. Roxanne Huber, and she is not only extremely talented and a true professional, but she is also very down-to-earth, honest and (dare I say) HILARIOUS! Her laugh is awesome... Quite a positive vibe that I was not used to feeling at a dentist's office, let me tell you. :DI ended up having to have a root canal and then a crown, and Dr. Huber and Dr. Tracy recommended a great endodontist for the root canal. I returned to Tempe Smile Design for the crown-- it's top-notch work. When back in recently for the permanent crown, a super-old filling broke off another tooth. Dr. Huber removed the silver filling and gave me a brand new one for NO CHARGE. As a PhD student with less-than-stellar health insurance (and NO dental insurance), Dr. Huber's generosity spoke volumes to me. (Their Care Credit option is also great; they give you 12 months with zero interest!)Bottom line: I would definitely and totally recommend Tempe Smile Design to anyone looking for a skilled, professional and genuinely friendly and fun group of people. Five stars!
5	Dr. Tracy is an amazing dentist.  The office is great and I receive nothing but top  notch care.  Highly recommend.
1	Thought it was pretty sad that they charge $10 to have your X-rays emailed over to a new dentist (I moved therefore needed a new dentist). As a former customer, I would think they could include that as a courtesy, I've never charged for this by any other dental office. Granted its only $10, its the principal behind it.
5	I appreciate the office changing their policy to no longer charge a fee to transfer patients files/X-rays to a new dentist. I'm sure other patients will be pleased to know as well.
1	As a former dental student, I always take the initiative to visit a dental practice before my first appointment. I was required to place a credit card payment in case I broke my appointment, which is quite understandable as a working class professional myself. Our time is our money. I arrived a half hour early for my appointment and was greeted in the reception area by the hygienist.  After waiting for an hour and a half I was informed that the dentist was still in the operatory and that I was being asked to wait a half hour or longer while she finished working on a patient. Two hours into my appointment and I have yet to have been greeted by the dentist. After informing the hygienist that I couldn't afford to wait around any longer. I still have yet to meet the dentist. I was told to come back and was charged $89 for a comprehensive exam by the hygienist. If you are going to charge someone upfront for failure to attend scheduled appointments, it is essential you hold up your end of the services being rendered as well.
2	im not a huge fan of going to the dentist like 80 percent of the population and this place is why. im pretty self conscious of my teeth I do not need anyone telling me I dont floss enough or brush enough. but I especially dont need a perfect stranger telling me this seventeen times in a two hour appointment I am a grown woman.  this is literal. they were so condescending and rude the entire appointment.  they also talked in dental jargon and failed to explain everything in a way the typical patient could understand. on top of that the hygienist was chewing gum the entire appointment. even though I have no pain or complications they made me feel like if I didnt floss three times a day my teeth would fall out. if you are not a fan of going to the dentist or being treated like a misbehaving child. DO NOT GO HERE.
1	Worst customer service, extremely rude, my wife had a horrible experience and they would not give her the physical copies of the xrays she brought in. They said they would only email her copies. I was scheduled to go in and they canceled my appointment becauSe she left a bad review, without speaking with me or my wife first..... who does that.**Edit** to your response I can comment on your business because SOMEONE canceled my appointment based on her review not my wife she called and they said they couldn't find my appointment because it was already canceled. So either you are very uninformed with how your business is actually running or lying.
1	DO NOT I REPEAT DO NOT GO HERE. ..I'm not a huge fan of going to the dentist like 80 percent of the population and this place is exactly why. I'm pretty scared of the dentist and self conscious of my teeth.i don't think i have the wrist teeth in the world but i had braces as a kid and they did not work due to a tongue thrust. I do not need active telling me i don't floss enough or brush enough but i especially don't need a perfect stranger telling me this seventeen times in a two hour span making me feel like a criminal. This is literal. They were so condescending and rude the entire appointment forcing me into work i didn't agree with. They talked in dentral jargon and went tooth by tooth making me feel like all my teeth were about the fall out if i didn't floss five times a day. On top of all of this, the dental hygienist was chewing gum through the entire appointment pretty unprofessional for a dentist office. Even though i had no pain going into the office and no complaints they made me feel like not flossing every day the times a day would cause my teeth to fall out. Mind you the first thing I said to these peer-to-peer was I have a phobia of going to the dentist you'd think they would have had a better bed side manner. If you are not a fan of going to the dentist DO NOT GO HERE. EDIT** After reading my review these people took it upon themsElves to cancel my husband appointment before I had a chance to call and cancel it myself. Extremely unprofessional! In my opinion I got the impression this practice is more concerned with making as much money as they can from the patient rather than the actual patients individualized needs.
5	Great office! I have never felt like they try and over-sell me on work I don't need. The dental hygienists are always very friendly, and quick. Also, I never get lectured for not doing anything at home, instead they provide a positive approach to help you with flossing and proper brushing.
5	Wow.  After seeing the reviews here, I have to chime in!  I've recently moved to California, but before that, Dr. Tracy was my dentist for 14 years.  I am a picky customer, and Dr. Tracy and her staff are so professional and customer-service oriented, I have zero complaints and all kudos.  Here are the things you need to know.-Dr. Tracy is a dentist because she always wanted to be.  She watched her Dad perform dentistry, decided that was her course, and you can tell that she still loves what she does.  She is self-proclaimed anal retentive.  Don't you want a dentist like that?  I do.-Her staff is knowledgeable and sticks around a long time.  Usually that only happens when there is a great working environment, consistent rules and a nice boss.  One staff member said she chose to move to AZ and work with Dr. Tracy because she knew that she held high expectations, and knew that she would learn from her.  How awesome is that?-Dr. Tracy goes the extra mile; at no charge.  Years ago, my two front teeth were much longer than my other teeth and had like, ridges in them.  At the end of my cleaning, Dr. Tracy took an instrument and just zipped off the ridges on the bottom of those teeth, aligning them nicely with the rest of my choppers.  She didn't make another appointment or charge me, she just did it because she knew it would give me confidence and look great.  I'll never forget that.-In the last couple of years, I had two fillings in my molars (from the early 80s), and the molars themselves were starting to crack.  Dr. Tracy's staff showed me still pictures of the molars, explained what had to be done, and we did it.  I got (white) crowns on both molars.  Dr. Tracy did them a couple of weeks apart so I wouldn't have complications.  One took a long time to put on because she just didn't think it was sitting straight enough; I really appreciate all of the extra time she dedicated to that crown.  After she installed each crown, she called me that night and/or the next day to see how I was.  How many dentists do you know who do that?-One person here on Yelp said that the staff hammered home flossing so much that she "felt like a criminal".  Well, they did that to me, too, and, guess what?  I started flossing and then never had any cavities again.  They know what they are doing, and their hammering home is in the best interest of the health of their patients.  Dr. Tracy immediately commented on how clean my teeth were after I started using a vibrating toothbrush, too.  I never had to say anything, but she noticed right away.  Pretty cool, I think.-Years ago, my bottom teeth were jumbled.  Really crooked.  Dr. Tracy can do Invisalign, but recommended that I go to an orthodontist and get braces instead of having her do Invisalign because the Invisalign could end up costing me more money, my teeth might not move the way we would want them to, etc.  Talk about a selfless professional!  I really can't say enough good about Dr. Tracy, and honestly, I don't think I have ever met Dr. Huber, so cannot recommend or comment on her.  Dr. Tracy, though, I would honestly love to have her as my dentist for the rest of my life without a second thought.  I hope this helps.
3	The receptionist was the highlight of this place. She is really nice and makes you feel comfortable even being at the dentist.  Dr. Tracy seemed to be really nice as well. It seemed like she wanted to find everything wrong with me to get paid, but I mean who knows maybe there really is that much wrong with my teeth.  She wanted to refer me out to someone else to do the work I needed done. She said she thinks the third party company will do a better job.  Overall everyone was nice and made me comfortable. It was just very daunting when they gave me a cost list of 10 things I needed done.  They stressed that I start on these procedures immediately.  The office was nice and looks good.  They have a TV for you to watch while they are working on you which is a nice touch. I thought I paid for a cleaning and an appointment, but all I got was them looking at my teeth.  All they did was tell me what I needed done. I didn't even get a cleaning done for what I paid.  I was pretty disappointed. I didn't even realize it until after I already left. All I was thinking about at the time was being overwhelmed with all the things I supposedly needed done to fix my teeth.
