5	Love this show!  Definitely recommend it!  Would love to see it again!  Got the best seats and price from Tix4Tonite!  :0)
4	Had a great week in Vegas BABY, and the Wynn Theater was great. We took in a show, similar to Cirque Soleil but not as good.The seats at the Wynn are comfortable and roomy. The sound very good, and special effects amazing. I'd go back to see another show at the Wynn.
5	Le Reve was a great show! I would love to see how they manage to operate that stage. The performers are top-class. You are guaranteed to have a great seat in the house, no matter where you sit.
5	This theater is amazing! Initially, my sister thought that we had "bad" seats, but once the show started, we realized that our seats were actually pretty good, and that really, there probably are no bad seats. The cheaper seats are closer to the front and the more expensive, fancy seats are in the back and have little mini-tv screens on them so you can see what's happening underwater and backstage as well.The theater itself is gorgeous. The stage is in the center and all the seats are arranged around it, so depending on where you're sitting, you get a different view of the performance.tl;dr: Great theater! Not a bad seat in the house.
5	Wow! Is this by far the most gorgeous hotel I ever seen in my life, I'm making it my business to one day stay here even though its like 300$ a night looks like it's so worth it, and btw this hotel holds the worlds/vegas best show of 2012 and I had the pleasure to see for myself Le Reve The Dream! This show is amazingly sick would recommend this to anyone and everyone to see and a show I would definitely see again for sure.
5	Checking out Le Reve. The presentation is very nice and enjoyed seeing the mist and music prior to start. Overall the theatre is nice and has a very appealing setup for the show that's being presented. Everything is nicely laid out.As always they inform the audience that the show should not have any flash photography or recordings. However you have a few who just fail to listen. I've been to several shows and this one was by far the worse when it came to guests snapping pictures and recording. Throughout the show all you could see were flashes from phones, cameras and iPads. It was extremely distracting from what we paid to see. The show however was great. By far one of the best shows I've seen in Vegas. The cast did an amazing job and stunts were intensely great. We had seats that were in the front row and I was worried that I'd miss taking in the entire performance. Our seats were great, and I even got splashed on a few times from the performers. I recommend you check this show out if you've not seen it and I'd even it put it ahead of some of the Cirque shows.
5	The Wynn theater is one of the best entertainment venues I've ever been in.  The show I watched there was La Reve.First, there is no bad seat.  It has a lot of seating, however the whole setup feels very intimate.  You don't need to get front row seating to feel apart of the show, but if you have the money then why not. The seats are comfy, wide, and with ample leg room. The stage is versatile. There are many moving parts to the lower stage.  It feels like a transformer, able to manipulate and insert many different parts. One stage goes down, and another comes up from the ground in a magical seamless transition. The whole theatre is glamorous and beautiful.  What they can present and visualize is endless with their lighting and props. It's no wonder why La Reve is one of Vegas' most popular shows.
1	The show was fine, but the VIP indulgence package this theater is selling is a blatant scam.One of the reasons I bought the $225 VIP indulgence package is because it clearly states on the website that one of the perks is a VIP Access Pass to select nightclubs at the Wynn and Encore, one of which is XS (confirmed in writing on the website, and by phone).  However, this is just a blatant lie.Fact is, XS night club does not honor these VIP indulgence packages, and when you arrive at the gate you will be charged full price like everyone else.  So this VIP Access Pass you are suppose to get will not give you access to anything, nor will you be treated like a VIP, and you will be charged full price for club entry like everyone else.I've had my share of unwholesome transactions before, but I have never seen this kind of deliberate deception before.  When I arrived at XS, I asked them to look at the website and read what it says.  Their response was, "we don't care what it says, we don't honor anything from the theater.  Take it up with the box office tomorrow if you have issues, now pay or leave".  The next day I went back to the box office and asked to speak to the manager.  Her response to the situation was "we can't give you a refund because XS took your money we didn't, and that VIP Access Pass is not suppose to give you entry to the club, but you might be able to cut in line".  Then she tried to debate/explain what "VIP Access Pass" meant and how people shouldn't assume it will give them "access like a VIP" into the club. I told her I wasn't going to debate her on something so ridiculous, and she should be smart enough to understand what a normal person would assume when they see the words VIP Access Pass.  I also said I didn't come looking for a refund but to ask them to pull that deceptive advertisement from their website.  Her final response was, you should go on the website and write a to the people who take comments....What happened at XS and the box office was appalling.  No one likes to get scammed, but the worst part is how no one at the Wynn seems to care when you confront them about it.  I had nothing but nice things to say about the Wynn until now.  It was not a good experience, and I don't want it to happen to anyone else....I'm in the process of reporting them to consumer affairs.  I have a video of the manager of XS digging his own grave by stating he doesn't honor the these VIP Access Passes the theater is selling.
5	Came to the Wynn to watch Le Reve which by the way was an amazing show!!  When you first come into the theather there are concession stands where you can get food and drinks.  There are bathrooms inside which are clean (considering its a public place).  Once we were led into the theather the place was very soothing and comforting.  The stage is a circle and all seats are essentially equal.  Nothing much could be seen of the stage as it was very dark.  We got seats around the middle which was perfect  because it was not too low to get splashed and not to high to feel like i am too high up.  Feels like I was part of the show.  This is a review of the theater and not hte show so i will refrain from talking about that.  There isnt much I can compare it to but one of the better ones I've seen.  Honestly i dont even know whether I should include the fact that the stage was insane and the platforms and do WHATEVER you want it too haha.  Man I want to watch another show now!!
4	The Wynn theater is designed great.  Le' Reve was amazing to see.  I love the water and the circular round theater.  There is no bad seat, and there is a lot of seating.  The seats are comfy to sit in.Must come here to enjoy a show if you are in Vegas.
5	Saw Garth Brooks in concert last night. LOVED him!!!  I've been a Garth fan for years, but this concert was the best ever!  It was as intimate a setting as I ever expect to see a star of Mr. Brooks caliber to appear in. He was gracious, charming and excited to be performing again.  He appeared in his "favorite" hoodie and joked about wanting to hit the gym once his high school senior graduates. No time now I guess!  We all loved him sneakers and all. Only made him more relatable. He said he would start touring again. Can't wait for that to happen, but I can't imagine enjoying any future concerts more than last night's.
5	I am came here after gorging out at The Buffet and doing a little bit of gambling. Le Reve the Dream was the show playing that night.  Le Reve the Dream was rated best show in Vegas 3 years in a row, and rightfully so. This being my first show in Vegas, I had very high expectations. All my expectations were met, and much more.The seats were very comfortable and very easy to locate. The way the show is set up there is no such thing as a bad seat. If you're seating in the first two rows you might get a little water splash action, but nothing too bad. The decoration and performers were all spectacular, putting on a high octane Vegas show. There was also live music equipped with a superb surround sound beating even the best IMAX theaters I have been to. You put all that with, circus stunts on a water stage, with top performers with a little humor, and you have  Le Reve the Dream a perfect show to share with family, friends, or that special someone. It is without a doubt,  Le Reve the Dream steals the show at the Wynn Theater, but any show or concert is a sure fire winner. I encourage everyone to catch a show at the Wynn Theater before leaving Vegas, its a unique experience in itself!
5	We completely enjoyed the Le Reve show!!  I would totally recommend it as it is a nice blend of athletics, synchronized swimming, diving, dancing, effects with water and lights and visuals - it had it all!  We were mesmerized in a dream-like state - we all enjoyed it so much!!  They serve drinks, soft drinks and popcorn too that you can eat inside the theater.
5	This show was in a word...INCREDIBLE! I was on sensory overload but couldn't get enough! This show is full of talented performers! Can't believe that these performers could fall from the ceiling into water while others jumped and flipped from the stage. I didn't want it to end and will go back to see the show next time I am in Vegas! The pictures I posted don't do it justice!
5	VERY comfortable seats. You have a great view from any seat in the theater. It is very clean and the staff is extremely helpful. This theater is set up perfectly to watch shows in. I wish more theaters would make their seats as roomy and comfortable as this theater's seats. If you are staying and the wynn or the encore, take a stroll down to the Wynn Theater and check it out, you won't regret it. Let's be honest, if you can afford to stay in the rooms at the Wynn you can afford to see one of their shows.
