5	During the middle of July in 2013 our upstairs A/C went out.  At the time our son was only a couple months old.  Infinity Heating & Cooling was there the same day and helped repair our A/C in just a few hours.  We were offered a more cost effective solution that would be covered under our warranty but would take a few weeks to get in.  I loved the integrity of the service.  We decided to go to the more expensive option because waiting to have A/C was not an option in the middle of July in Las Vegas.  We have had Infinity Heating & Cooling come back to do preventative maintenance both on the home we owned in North Las Vegas and now at the home we rent in Henderson.  The service, integrity and friendliness of Infinity Heating & Cooling is a huge blessing to our family.  We will continue to turn to Infinity Heating & Cooling for all of our heating and cooling needs.
5	I recently had an issue with my motor in my attic; not only was the work completed fast, my whole system was inspected to ensure proper functionality of my cooling system. Having air conditioning in Las Vegas is imperative; I now feel confident my system is ready for the brutal summer months.
5	Richard did a great job. No air, over 100 degrees, after six on a Friday right before a BBQ party planned for the next day at our house. Great timing right? We thought we were in big trouble, but Richard was here by 8 and had our air conditioner up and running by 8:30. Reasonable prices, nice guy, and great hours. Thank you Richard, you saved us!
5	Good dudes. Came on a Sunday on short notice and took care of an AC unit with a leak and no refrigerant.  Took the time to explain the problem and the fix.
5	My a/c was only blowing hot air. The temperature inside was 87degrees and climbing. I called around and the earliest I got was for the next day. I called Infinity and they said they could be there in two hours. Richard arrived in one hour. He checked my unit and determined that it was a bad capacitor. He replaced it for $165. Cheaper than I was expecting. The fix took only minutes and the whole visit took half an hour. I really recommend these guys.
5	I called at 7:00 p.m. because it was 88 degrees in my house and NV Energy had already been out to our home. A technician was at my house in about 30 minutes. We needed a new part for our unit. He didn't have the part for our exact model but he did have a similar part that he was able to tweak and make work for our unit. He spent an hour working on our unit even though, if he had the part, it would have only taken 5 minutes. He could have easily told us he needed to order the part and come back later but he worked to make sure our home was cool. I highly recommend Infinity Heating & Cooling.
5	Last night my unit was serviced as a side job by some one and this morning I noticed my A/C was not blowing cold air. The soonest the person could come was tomorrow which was not good enough since my place is still getting very warm. I called infinity at close to 8 after calling 3 other places. Cole was out in an hour and found the simple mistake. My place is now comfortable without ceiling fans and everything is working well. I am so grateful.
