5	Best Chinese Restaurant in the valley. If you look meat and rice, this is your place. The Schezwan Pork is amazing as well is the sesame chicken. I used to live far away from this place but still drove there to eat their food. Now I live close and I do not hesitate to stop by. It may not look too pleasing from the outside but what does nowadays. Price Cheap to Moderate
5	We've been going to Yin's for about 15 years and have to tell you it's one of the few restaurants where the quality has never varied. Everything is always excellent. We've loved everything we've had. Favorites include the Canton Style Fish (with black bean sauce), Orange Beef, Schezwan Pork, Chicken and Snow Peas, and Lemon Chicken (which is out of this world).   We've seriously tried to find a better Chinese restaurant and never could.
2	Not very good. Crab ragoons tasted like store bought cream cheese...with no crab. Chicken and broccoli was eh. Vegtable fried rice barely had vegetables in it..wouldn't go again. Way better places to go for decent Chinese food
4	All I can say is don't judge a book by its cover ...  This is a family owned and run place where the food is inexpensive but every dish is fresh, delishious! & flavorful. Their sauces are amazingly scrumptious. Yin's has to be my all-time favorite Chinese restaurants in Phoenix. I mean I know good Chinese food when I have it and considering the options available in Phoenix this is one of the better Chinese restaurants period.They take standard dishes and add high-end ingredients and interesting flavors. They are very consistent (never had a bad meal). All the dishes are wonderful, you can't go wrong with anything.  Particularly good is their Wor Wonton Soup.FOOD:  The food is always consistent (never had a bad meal). The food is superb!PRICE: The price was also quite reasonable. SERVICE:  the service has always been great  prompt, polite, and attentive.  AMBIENCE:  Just right for the neighborhood. The interior is rather standard Chinese restaurant fare, so nothing special there. CONCLUSION: I would highly recommend this place.
5	My family and friends have been going to Yin's since the day it opened.  The owners  are like family to us.  We have watched the kids grow up there, theirs and ours. They are honorable, hard working and have never served us a meal that was not wonderful.  The quality of the food is high, the taste of every meal is delicious and each dish is served with pride.  The cost is extremely reasonable, lunch is the deal of the century.  The service is always friendly and professional.  I just love this place.  When we lived close to Yin's we went there once or twice a week.   We live at 40th Ave. and Pinnacle Peak now but still go as often as possible.   A loyal  patron, Kathy Ropte
4	I went to this place based on the reviews here and I must say this place is awesome!  It has a very old school feel to it but the food is wonderful and the prices are very reasonable...
4	Run down little chinese place that hadn't been to in almost 15 years but I was really excited to find that their GARLIC CHICKEN LUNCH SPECIAL HASN'T CHANGED.  If you were part of the hoards that used to try to cram in at Yin's in the late 90's and remember that deliciously spicy garlic sauce, they are still there.  Check it out.  Cheap as all the others, but this dish they corner the market.
4	I do love the food here.  Yin's is not much to look at from the outside of the building and I am not sure if I want to be in this neighborhood after dark but, oh, the food!  Hot, fresh and just the way I think it shoud taste every time.  The employees are nice and service fast.  A must try is the egg drop soup.
4	In the inception of my Yelping I was giving away five star reviews like U of A was giving away TD's to ASU!  I am now learning that four stars is now my high score unless I am totally blown away and is why I am updating my review.  Yin's Chinese Restaurant is a throw back.  Their interior decor is a bit dated but adds to the ambience of the experience.  This little gem is family owned and always prefer it to a corporate spot at all costs.  The most important this about Yin's is the customer service followed but the delicious menu and topped off by the cost!  Big Bang for the buck here.  The valley has changed throughout the times but when I lived in this area in the early 90's it was really nice.  Do not let the area scare you off by giving them a chance.  Support this Mom and Pop's establishment to ensure we don't lose another.
5	Egg fo young to die for and dumplings that remind me of Chinatown NYC. Don't miss out on this amazing restaurant
3	food is good and plentiful BUT the service is terrible. the employees seem to hide behind the counter which is hidden from the dining room. they drop the food at the table never to be seen again. so if u want drink refills or sauces or to go boxes or even the check you have to hunt them down.
3	It wasn't bad, it wasn't exceptional, just an average Chinese joint I won't bother to rush back to. I ordered the eat in combo with egg drop soup (kinda mushy) and kung pao chicken. I'd give a C or C- overall given the ambiance.
3	Just happened to be working on some equipment in the plaza and decided it was time for lunch. Yin's was staring me right in the face and my stomach insisted that we visit.Inside is painted pink of all colors and has several cheesy pictures of koi and other Chinese items on the walls. There are booths and some table with chairs and you can usually sit where you want.This is some very Americanized Chinese food and they do a good job of creating some heavy and flavorful sauces. The portions are large and the prices are very reasonable.So far we have tried a few of the lunch specials. I normally get mine extra spicy and my crew usually orders something on the tamer side. Even got a great suggestion from brother Laz C on my last visit and went with the Curried Chicken. Yum!Service is kinda tricky and takes some effort to get them to your table. They seem to be in a zombie like state and appear somewhat preoccupied. Nothing like a little "Psssst or Yoohoo" to get their attention.Going to play it safe and go with a A-OK rating for this place. Maybe I just like the authentic versions more than the typical Americanized stuff. But don't be surprised if you see me here again when we are working in the area. ORDER UP!3.25 STARS
5	The very best Chinese food ever, have been going there since this very dedicated family opened the business.  Service is friendly, the food wonderful.  Made to order, spiced anyway you like, served hot, this food is yummy.  Lunch is very reasonable, lots of choices and again simply wonderful.  All the soups are fab.  Dumplings divine.  Egg rolls could not be better and then comes the dinners, bring your appetites.  People remark about the decor, get over it, ya want great food or art work and fresh paint , fancy Nancy ( no pun intended, the owners name is Nancy, go to a museum.
