3	Small family owned an operated bakery, with (I believe) a Romanian flair.  They offer hot sandwiches, fresh baked goods, desserts and a small variety of cheeses and meats.  All of the sandwiches sounded delicious; I decided on the beef phyllo.  (I wanted the spinach, bu they were all out).  It was a delicious, flaky giant pretzel like phyllo stuffed with seasoned beef.  It was quite tasty, but was lukewarm, so it needed some nuking when I got home.  I wanted to try a dessert, but they only offer desserts a few days a week.  I guess they are brought in from an outside vendor, which was kind of a bummer.
3	I had a giro (gyro) type sandwich, on toasted Euro bread rather then a pita type thing. It was served with ranch, onions and tomatos. It was really good and filling. Couple that with a bottle of coke..not a bad lunch. I would get a little braver if I knew what was what. The service was good but the language barrier made it a bit tough to ask ?'s
4	Fun place to visit and watch a soccer game or just have some lunch or coffee and a pastry.
4	Our friends took us here for lunch recently and the wife and I were very impressed. I'd totally tell ya'll about the great things we had here, but the menu was in Bosnian so our friends ordered for us. The bottom line is the food was terrific. We had a great assortment of breads stuffed with meats and cheeses, accompanied with sour cream, tomatoes and onions. Beef sausages and an awesome bean soup with smoked beef. It's a great,clean family style restaurant that is also a full service bakery and Bosnian market. When you stop in you have to get the Fanta Shokata. It's elderberry and lemon flavored and it is FANTA-stic. If you don't speak Bosnian I recommend you just stop in and ask what's good, grab a Shokata and enjoy some great food.
4	Cevapi and Burek oh my!! Plus I got to hang with my fabulous friend Amra! Score! We wanted something extra good to eat after finishing our Mud Factor race on Saturday and lord knows I have been craving some Cevapi so off we went to Euro Bakery. It was already bookmarked as a place I wanted to try so this was a win, win in my book. Everything is made fresh to order and once you walk in, you can smell the fresh baked bread that they have made throughout the day. There is also a mini grocery store for you to buy items as well.  My Cevapi (little beef sausages with fresh bread, onions and a  sour cream like dip) came out piping hot and piled high. My friends Burek was huge (hmm not sure hot to explain so you will have to look that one up) and we both dived in like it was the last meals we would ever have.Will I come back? Hmm heck yes, but alas this treat can only be saved for when I burn off and absurd amount of calories so that I can indulge and not feel guilty at all.  Hmm Cevapi and Burek = one VERY happy woman!
1	Their food is pretty good but the customer service is absolutely terrible!!!!! Basically if you are not Bosnian you will be treated like shit. I don't understand why is it so hard to be polite to people that are coming in there to give you their business. I went there few times for lunch with few different people and the lack of customer service never fails!!!! Angry faces, people starring, cashier not telling you the amount.....needless to say, I'm not going back. It's a shame that they discriminate against people who are not their own kind.
5	Very good food and very authentic. Hard to find but once you know where it is, it'll become a favorite. A lot of culture here and even better food.
