5	Was in the area and decided to stop by Walmart's Lube department to have the guys check and see if I needed Coolant in my car. I went to EZ Lube the weekend before to get my oil changed and they "highly" recommended this. ( I checked this out before leaving Los Angeles and the coolant looked fine. But I figured a professional perspective would be best)Walmart Lube is located on the Southwestern part of the Walmart store. You will not notice it from the parking lot & there are very few signs that direct you to where its exact location is. Drive past their shipping area and hang a right. Plenty of parking and the wait isn't long at all.Spoke with Danny and told him that I might need some coolant in my car. Advised him that I just drove from LA and checked out the coolant before I came here. Danny began to ask me a series of questions gathering information to figure out if I have had any engine problems or anything. No problems at all. Explained to Danny that when I got my oil change, it recommended that I get the coolant taken care of. Come to find out, my coolant was nowhere near empty and he said that everything was fine. I really appreciated the service and honesty from him. In my book, this goes a long way. I found out that he is the supervisor of the Auto department. So I assume that his level of superior service extends to his associates. I would recommend going to see Danny and his team if you have something minor that they can possibly fix.
5	I have had the same excellent experience as the previous review. They have been very honest, professional, informative and helpful. I have had numerous experiences with them and had different people every time. Every one of them has been consistent. Clearly management has put a great crew of people together. I drive very long distances and it is very comforting to know you've got honest people looking after my vehicle.
1	Horrible customer service. Went in to get oil changed, waiting 20 mins before anyone even spoke to us. While we were waiting for the car to be done we walked around Walmart for 25 mins before we were almost back by the auto area and was then told that they don't have a tool to take the filter off and they can't do our oil change. They could've had the decency to call us and let us know. Very disappointed.
