4	Dinner at Salle a Manger was the only thing capable of distracting me from my sexy date. Yes, it was that delicious. On recommendation from a local, we ventured over to Le Plateau for dinner here and were not disappointed.We shared Buffalo Mozz/Tomato/Pancetta salad, Foie Gras/Granny Smith salad, Scallop Ceviche, and the BBQ Pork Chop. While all the dishes were fresh, well-seasoned and delicious, the salads were hands-down the standouts. * Creamy mozz, sweet tomato, crispy thick-cut pancetta with a bright pesto * Creative combination of foie gras alongside tart green apple, sweet roasted pine nuts and a perfect drizzle of honeyCan't say enough about the attentive and friendly service.. no less than 4 different members of staff, including the Exec Chef and the Proprietor, stopped by to check on us. Atmosphere is casual and funky fun with an open kitchen, reclaimed wood tables (made from old bowling alleys?), and low lights. The blackboard offers several dishes to share which many of the groups around us seemed to be enjoying.The only sadness? I live 2500 miles away. Thank you for a lovely dinner Salle a Manger!
4	The poor bunny never had a chance.He must have innocently popped his head up from his hole at precisely the wrong moment.   The blunt force of the bullet or poison dart or whatever they used must have instantly rendered him unconscious and quickly drained the life from his furry white body.God only knows how the couriers-de-bois managed to sweep his lifeless carcass from the woods of the townships to the heart of the plateau with furious speed and medical accuracy.    I think that the body was still deliciously warm when he arrived on our stunning table.He arrived de-furred and sans-le-tete but otherwise quite whole in the center of our dining area.   The staff quickly and clearly disemboweled the creature and portioned the useable meat into distinct sections for each of the four of us. This was served over a delightfully fresh mix of vegetables and potato-based mash.   This rabbit did not die in vain.The name "La Salle A Manger" may be better expressed as "Le Plancher D'Abattage", but if you're a carnivore you're in for a treat. The wine list is outstanding.  The service is exceptional.  The crowd is gorgeous.  The ambiance is slaughterhouse-chic.  A wonderful place to explore.   Worth every shot.
5	So good here! Big and open, sunny and warm, this place is really comfortable and fun. I've been here twice, once for an anniversary dinner, and once with another couple. While there are a number of private tables, our four-top was actually an eight-top that we shared with another party. But the high ceilings and great light-- maybe, I don't really know -- made it so our neighbours didn't make us feel uncomfortable or crowded. Instead, it just felt really fun and relaxed. It also helps that everyone in the place is young and beautiful. This place has an amazing vibe with a great wine list and a beautiful hanging light-bulb lit bar. The decor is definitely reminiscent of Au Pied du Cochon, but it's more open and not as dark, and less tables makes it less crowded. The food was incredible. I've had beet salad with manchego cheese and pecans-- a dish I've attempted at home numerous times since. It was served on a narrow and long slab of wood-- it was pretty but made keeping everything off the table a little difficult. Maybe a little gimmicky. The venison carpaccio was beautiful and delicious-- although as other reviewers have pointed out, it really could ditch the mayo sauce.  My first experience with gnocchi was at this place. And although the creamy sauce was a bit rich for me, I've since craved it many times. The blood sausage was perfectly crumbly and buttery. The pork belly was crispy-- and had the melt in your mouth fattiness that tastes so good it's sooo worth the bad things it does to your arteries. I love meat-- one of those people who can't be friends with someone who orders a filet well-done-- and this place does pork and game right. The portions are quite generous, I've never been able to finish my mains. Accordingly, I can't comment on the desserts as I've never tried any. It's pricey, but nothing you wouldn't expect to pay for such bistro fare. My only complaint with the place is that they didn't put enough cassis in my Kir. Also, while I found the view of the racks of animal carcasses in the back comforting and cool, it may make some squeamish, I guess.
5	As a food connoisseur this is one of my favorite restaurants in Montreal. Certain dishes, like the venison, are served rare. I love it when restaurants are unwilling to compromise the look, texture, and taste of the dish. It's pricy, I was in for valentines day and we spent $150. We had 4 martinis, sparkling water (which was san pelegrino, non of that Perrier crap) and we split a salmon tartar appetizer. My main was venison, and my boyfriend has gnocchi gorgonzola. The gnocchi are recognizably made in the restaurant and their texture is fluffy and not at all gummy. My venison (deer) was delicious and did not have a game-y flavor. The plates are small so cheap fatties beware
5	If you like interesting food that tastes as good as it looks, this is the place to go.  There's nothing boring on the menu, they usually have daily specials as well as sharing specials.  The presentation is excellent, the atmosphere is fun, and the food is even better.
4	Yum.... Came with a friend last Friday and was impressed.  Great laid back friendly service, and amazing food.  I had the salmon tartare with home-made chips~ close to perfection- some of the chips were dripping grease, but they were fresh:)...  I also had the warm vegetarian main- asparagus and fiddlehead salade-- wow, the flavours were a symphony in my mouth.  Very good and looking forward to when I can try more from their menu.
5	I am not speaking in hyperbole this is my favorite restaurant in the world right now. Dominic the front of the house man is wonderful. If you can get Alex to be your sommelier all the better. Go here it is epic!
3	Very ordinary. Very. Very. Very. Blackboard and chalk. Over priced wine. Plain French food. Try something else if you're trying to impress someone. If you go here... You might not get a second date;)
5	I came here at the recommendation of a friend after being unable to secure a reservation at Au Pied de Cochon for my last night in Montreal, I'm pretty happy about this choice.As I came with a large group, I had the chance to sample almost every item on the menu.  The seafood appetizer platter is a good choice, you get to sample 4 kinds raw seafood: the oysters were delightful, halibut crudo had the right amount of sweet and spicy taste, and the lobster bisque surprised me as to how good lobster bisque can be when done right (the previous one I've tried was so awful I did not take more than a bite).  Out of the main courses tried, I liked my selection of the rabbit leg: it was very tender, with a great sauce, and served with kohlrabi and snap pea salad.  BF's dish came with 2 huge fried braised beef ravioli, with side of 2 foie gras medallions, == decadent.One mishap with the service was that the waitress had forgotten about a friend's order of steak tartare, she apologized profusely and brought the dish within 5 minutes.  Other than that, service was everything you could ask for.Apparently celebrities like this place too.  The people in my party recognized 2 men sitting behind our table as 2 Quebec stars, I have no clue who they are.
4	Everything that the others have said is true. I do want to emphasize on the customer service. We had made reservations for 9:45 pm, but the place was still very crowded. Since we had to wait, the host gave my entire party a glass of this delicious white wine that I don't remember the name of. You must get the rabbit for your entree.
5	Manifique! Outstanding! The highlight of our trip to Montreal.Customer Service was spot on. We could only get reservations for the bar.  We sat, happily and ordered beverages. We were approached twice and asked if the situation was ok. We were just fine, no problem. They were not happy. If there was a possibility we could be given a table it was ours. A bit of shuffling, half a beverage later, we were seated at the perfect two top in the front window.Moving on to the meal.THE BEST CHARCUTERIE EVER. Changes daily, but ours had some beef, pig loin, pork shoulder, a pate, a liver and a rabbit (which we only found out was rabbit later) all to be enjoyed with a delicious (raisin? apricot?) bread, mustard, and pickled things. $17 a steal.BEST CREAM ALE EVER some microbrew outside of Montreal? KILLED our local Ontario Cream Ales. My main was a fish, and decent. Not the star of the show. The SO had a steamed pulled pork and duck bun that he loved, but he could not stop raving out the housemade Kimchi on the side. He is Asian, and lived in asia and eats an alarming amount of kimchi... and still said it is the best he ever had. Boutique Kimchi. Amazing.  The decor is "Punched-tin-Slaughterhouse-chic" with an glass walled walk-in and open kitchen. Specials on chalk boards if you can read French. Attentive, friendly, laid back servers. The women all effortlessly beautiful. If this restaurant was near my home it would be over. Honestly over. I would not go anywhere else. Cannot wait to go back to Montreal just for dinner here.
5	Although it's pricey, every time I come here I have a great time. They have 2 group services, 1 at 6 and 1 at 9. Which is why the restaurant is ALWAYS full, at the weirdest times (9:30 on a Monday night, for example). If you don't have reservations, get ready to sit at the bar (even though you call an hour or two in advance and they assure you they have a table for your dinner for 2). I spent over 175 for 2, but we had oysters and salmon tartar as appetizers, and cocktails. Certainly not a place you go to when you're on a strict budget. The only disappointment was with my boyfriend's salmon (which was pretty standard and kind of boring). My meals have always been delicious. And their plates for 2 (specials they generally put up on the blackboards) are over priced in my opinion! But I'm sure they're delicious.
4	Picked this based on Yelp reviews. Adorable place with wood accents, a lovely bar, and a pressed-tin wall. Lively, but easy enough to hear the person next to you and carry on a conversation. A round of cocktails was carefully prepared by the man behind the bar, and I was able to select how sweet I wanted my Manhattan. (I went with the middle level, "perfect," and it was.) The gravlax appetizer with roasted veggies and what appeared to be a homemade mayo was fantastic. We had a roasted salmon that was perfectly cooked, served with  the most amazing squash agnolotti and fresh radishes in three colors. We also had a mushroom tart that was unique, with gorgeous pieces of huge mushrooms. The only miss came at dessert. Neither was a revelation. The praline was ok. The apple crumble was a dish of baked apples with approximately two teaspoons of the namesake crumble. Given that I never stop after the main course, I removed a star for the "meh" desserts, but otherwise would definitely be back the next time I am in Montreal.
5	Perhaps my favorite "fancy" restaurant while in Montreal.Couple things to keep in mind while eating here. They have a big chalkboard with the specials in plain view. I recommend you get the stuff off of there!We had the rabbit. Oh man, loved the rabbit. It is a HUGE portion, though. So definitely you should only order this and MAYBE an appetizer if two people are eating here.The mashed potato thingy with blood sausage and other things...was good. It's another HUGE portion! This, and a special is way too much for two people, maybe enough for 4!The chautrucie board was pretty good. Not as amazing as people make it out to be, unless you like pates. If you like pate a lot then you might really love it. I don't, so not my thing...The apple pie was delish! Yum Yum Yum! =) We got the last one of these and the last rabbits...which means...pay attention to the board, order it early, cause otherwise it will fall off the menu!AMAZING customer service here!
2	I've been here several times and have been disappointed each time. The service is good, the atmosphere lovely but the food is below average especially when you consider the price.
2	Everyone I know raves abut this place but I find the food average and overpriced. The service is excellent and the ambience is higher-end casual.
5	2nd fancy place I hit up on my weekend trip to the MTL.  Great ambiance.  Dimly lit room.  Loud but didn't have to yell across the table to have a conversation.  Menu on a giant chalkboard was a great touch.  Started out with the deer carpaccio and foie gras au torchon which was out of this world.  Rabbit for the main course lived up to its hype.  A definite place to check out for any tourist or habitant
3	My girlfriend and I went to La Salle because she wanted "French Cuisine" and with all the raving reviews, I decided to take her here. A lot of people say that reservations is a must, therefore we called and placed a reservation. We thought we were making a reservation for a table (the person on the phone didn't really speak fluent English), but when we got there, it was actually a reservation for 2 seats at the bar since the whole place was booked. While we're already there, we might as well try it out.After being seated at the bar, we were given a menu and my girlfriend decide to go with the pork chops and I decided to go for the rabbit leg (a.k.a. Plat) since a lot of Yelpers say it's amazing. As for appetizer, we ordered the Foie Gras. After about 15 minutes, we were offered bread, and I don't know if it was because I was hungry, but damn, those bread with butter were darn good.Anyways, even after 10 minutes of waiting, our server did not come and take our order. We waited and waited...after another 5 minutes, our server finally came and took our order. The appetizer came 10 minutes after we ordered, it looked like a piece of steak on top of bread. When we dug our fork in, boy was I wrong. The texture of the Foie Gras (Pork/duck liver) was like jello, or some kind of gelatinous piece of meat. I took my first bite, and it was okay, the taste was creamy and gamey. My girlfriend didn't like it much and I probably won't order it again.The entrees arrived probably 15 minutes after we finished our appetizer. The rabbit leg was smaller than I expected, but boy was it good with the bacon and mash potatoes! If you order this dish, definitely take a bit of rabbit, bacon and mash potato and eat it all at once...it's like an explosion in your mouth with the sauce! Although, I must say that if I was blindfolded and given a taste test of rabbit's leg and chicken, I probably won't be able to tell the difference.I also tried a bit of my girlfriend's pork chop, it had great taste and texture!After finishing our entree, we had to wait a long long time for someone to take away our plates and even longer to get our check! We waited probably a good 20 minutes before the owner (I think) came over and asked us how our dinner was and went to the server and told him to give us our check. Overall, the food was pretty good and I would come back and try other entrees. The Foie Gras is definitely a love or hate thing, for me, the texture was a turn off. As for the service, I know it was busy, but I hate it when restaurants treat me unequally, mostly because I look like a kid. I can't really blame them, because A LOT of restaurants treat me this way. But, I must say, I have to deduct a point because of the horrible service. If you want to come here, definitely make a reservation a day in advance or so. The food is definitely a bit pricey, don't expect to drop down anything less than 50$ for 2 people.
5	I am a restauranteur myself and an avid foodie and I simply can't rave enough about La Salle A Manger.  I have been several times myself, and sent my Culinary Director here who agreed that it is better than more famous Montreal restaurants.  Where to start? SERVICE: these people simply know how to do it.  I've been on a few dates, and they have the intimate service concept down pat with clear explanations of menu items including explanations of how they cook and prepare things.  The knowledge of each and every server is impressive.  This past weekend, they hosted my brother's bachelor party for 14 guys. We were supposed to sit at 10:30 but they weren't ready until 10:45, so they offered us beer tastings and an oyster.  I requested that they just "do it up" and they offered me 2 different "freestyle" menus at $55 per person or $70 per person.  They were fun and added to the party. At that late hour, we were seated by the open garage door window on a beautiful night. They brought out piles of food family style, explained what everything was, and coupled each course with a wine choice of good and reasonable or great and special.  Both in the date setting and this one, they readily shared their local knowledge of the city, recommending brunch places, bars to go to afterwards, things to do--it was just fabulous. FOOD: it's even better.  There's always an eclectic filet on the menu--venison, moose, beef, horse, you never know. The halibut ceviche is so good I actually dreamed bout it.  The charcuteries, rillettes and pates are fantastic and served with the perfect pickled complements.  Even the bread has subtle flavors of pistachios and dried fruit.  I am a local meat-atarian and I can tell you these people do meat as well as anybody.  The salads have light, tart dressings that are the perfect finish to the richer foods. The potatoes are perfectly spiced and cooked, the polenta is creamy and finely textured.  The rabbit for two is slow food at its best.  The desserts aren't just sweet bites, they are well thought-out flavor combinations. ATMOSPHERE: They have hit the nail on the head. It's a classy casual atmosphere. You don't feel like you have to dress up but you don't feel out of place if you do. The specials are written all over the restaurant on chalkboards. The bar is great and the bartender is knowledgeable. We hung out there and had espressos after dinner once the place had emtied out and honestly could have stayed another hour.  The open garage door makes you feel part of the neighborhood. There's definitely a bit of a din, which was good on the date nights so you didn't feel the need to whisper. Bottom line, this place is just awesome.  Check out the Reservoir too (especially for brunch in the fall, winter and spring only), it's owned by the same chef. Do not miss out on La Salle A Manger!
4	Wonderful dinner here! Service is great and I would return. They use really fresh ingredients and it shows in the taste.
2	I'm a vegetarian and normally prefer hole-in-the-wall ethnic restaurants, but I was in Montreal, so wanted to eat French. But I know French food is not generally vegetarian friendly, so searched for one that was and chose this one for that reason and because folks seem to love it. But I didn't. I started with a tomato salad, the only non-meat appetizer of any sort. It was pretty good, especially the herbs sprinkled throughout, but they served it on a small cutting board for some reason, which was just plain stupid. I had to try extra hard not to have it fall into my lap or get balsamic vinegar everywhere.There were three vegetarian entrees -- a pasta, a vegetable plate, and a tomato tart. The tart sounded most interesting and French, so I ordered that. It took forever to come and when it did it looked like some poorly executed "artisinal" pizza you'd get at a mall Italian restaurant trying to go uptown. It tasted better than that, but not by much. It wasn't a tart as I'd define one. It was a piece of poorly done crust, with some tomatoes and cheese, and a few greens, thrown on top, and probably put in the broiler for a minute.Shortly before my tart came, the restaurant sat another couple right beside me with only about a foot separating our tables even though the restaurant was mostly empty. It made the rest of the night uncomfortable for me as a solo diner. I doubt the couple liked it either. When I finished my meal, I asked for my check, waited forever, read about 20 pages of a book without anyone paying any attention to me, and then had to flag someone down to ask again.The music -- early Stones and T-Rex -- was the best part of the restaurant, which is pretty sad.
4	Everytime I come back here, there's some new twist to a dish I had before or some new additions to the menu, it's quite refreshing, and keeps it exciting :)My one caveat is the place is really noisy, it seems like everyone is so loud, and sound just carries everywhere, and you have to talk loudly or lean in to speak... could be fun on a first date if you have to lean in closer to talk, ahem, smooth move...the food is still amazing and very creative, and the dessert invites your inner child to the park, and says wanna play? and you say yesssss!!!
5	If all vegetarian dishes tasted like the ones we had here, I would turn Vegetarian.(relax, that's not happening anytime soon)If you're a real foodie and planning a trip to Montreal soon - this is a must. MUST.In the plateau area (hip, trendy 'hood).Ate horse. Horse tataki to be exact. It was yum.The wine menu, the cocktail menu, the food menu, the wait staff - all amazing. Wonderful atmosphere (gorgeous lighting in case you care).Even their bathrooms are stunning.Love. Will go back.
5	This was simply one of the best meals that I've ever had the best in Montreal. The food, service, and atmosphere were all perfect.  My partner and I split the charcuterie, the special veal entree, and the chomeur's pudding.  Our fantastic server suggested wonderful wine pairings and surprised us with a glass of sparkling wine at the end.  We had 6:30 reservations and that turned out to be the perfect time. If you're a first-time visitor to Montreal, it's located down the street (a number of blocks) from the orange line metro (Mont Royal).
5	amazing - everything. we had the smaller dishes: asparagus, lobster cerviche, tempura veggie, gravlax. All good.
5	My favourite stop on my first trip to Montreal for F1 weekend. (Included au pied de cochon, l'express, lemeac)Between 3 of us, we split 12 oysters, horse carpaccio, popcorn sweetbreads, asparagus salad, rabbit taco's & then finished with 12 more fresh oysters.For dessert , I tapped out but the other 2 had the mousse and chocolate tart.Service was fantastic, great mix of explaining what we needed to know, not bothering us too much and bringing out food as soon as our prior dishes were finished. Oysters were so fresh, horse carpaccio flavourful & sweetbreads crispy and light. Rabbit cooked to perfection, and just melt in your mouth wonderful.The space is cozy, but definitely roomier than a place like au pied. But honestly just 0 complaints. Just want to reiterate how good the service was, their recommendations were spot on and helping us translate the chalkboard was definitely appreciated! Nothing stuck up or stuffy about this place at all, just come in and enjoy this great food.
3	I was there with my husband and a friend about two weeks ago, we heard a lot of good things about this place and decided to try it out.When we got there, the restaurant seemed very casual, very Montreal style! We were sat down right away but were left by ourselves for at least 30-40 minutes without water or menu. When we were finally asked for what we wanted to drink, the waitress took 30 more minutes to bring us 2 beers and 1 soda. Some of the dishes on the menu were pretty good but some tasted really weird. I ordered the steamed asian style horse bun, the bun was under cooked and they put way too much sweet sauce. I asked the waitress if the bun was suppose to be gooey and wet (think about when you just mixed flour and water together to create a dough without cooking the dough), the waitress told me that's how they make it, the dough is streamed and it's not suppose to be solid (very disappointing). Finally, it we ordered a tartelette to share for dessert, it took them 45 minutes to serve us the dessert and the tartelette was SUPER sour.Our favourite dish was an appetizer dish that our friend ordered "Tempura style zucchini flower" and the "Salmon Tartar." I'm giving Salle a Manger only 3 stars because the service was really bad and the food was just so so with some interesting dishes on the menu.
4	La Salle a Manger has a neat urban streetside cafe type of feel to it.  Very open type of feel with windows that open to the street giving it that feel that are streetside.  Service was good as you would expect.  The menu seems to change with the local ingredients which was nice.   We started with the gravelax and the burratina.  Both very good and would recommend.  I admit that I probably didn't venture too bravely into the menu perhaps as I should.  There were 5 horse dishes including horse tartar and horse osso bucco.  As an american, I'm just not used to these types of dishes.  I think if I were to go back, I'd recommend you go in one of those directions.  I had the Salmon, which was quite good, but could have been prepared anywhere.  The cauliflower puree with heirloom tomatoes and peas however made the dish worthwhile.  This restaurant was recommended by one of the servers at Liverpool.  I would certainly go back for another try next time we visit Montreal.
4	Wait staff is very knowledgeable about their whole menu and love to talk about it if you ask - explanations are much better in French, naturally. I also happen to trust their recommendations on which wines go with which plates.As for the cuisine, I get the impression that the dishes are prepared with the same TLC used by the servers with guests. Their local food (last one I tried was walleye) is out of this world. Oh yeah, as is common in the area, it can be pretty darn loud on busy nights.Conclusion: Put it on your list and keep it there.
4	This is a gorgeous restaurant. It's exactly the style and decor I love: rustic tables and finishings with beautiful lighting and a gorgeous bar.Speaking of the bar: we sat at it! The bartender was genuinely kind and knowledgable. We saw him making cocktails with fine detail to sieving juice and using great gin, so we asked why there was no cocktail menu? "Because I hate making them - if you're having dinner, wine is the answer". He laughed and so did we. I appreciate the honesty of the answer!!For food - the apps blew us away. We had the lamb steamed bun, a riff on Momofoku's and arguably bolder, brighter flavours then their inspiration. The veal tartare was also lovely. Our mains were huge, too big to finish. I would have been happy with one more appetizer to share between us and that's it. Next time I go back, that will be my strategy.
3	Can't get a reservation at Pied Au Corchon? This place makes an excellent alternative! Fresh, well-executed dishes, manageable portions, and upscale rustic ambiance make this restaurant an good choice for out-of-town guests or (smallish) group dinners. Downsides include slowish service and a noisy dining experience.My dinner was very tasty, and mostly worth the expense. I had the veal heart tartar, which was fresh and robust (though it could have used a pinch of something, I don't know what that something might have been). It came with thin fries, which are very thin, nicely cooked, and perfectly salted, and a finely sliced raw vegetable salad under a vinaigrette. For dessert, I shared the apple tarte for two. The tarte was nicely presented, and had slightly vinegared apple slices (a strange but unique addition) and a tiny scoop of apple sorbet (would have loved an entire dish of that!) on top as a garnish. It wasn't anything special, but it was nice and hot, with a nicely flakey crust.Overall, as said, the place is worth the expense, and makes a great alternative to some of the more famous upscale restaurants in Le Plateau.
1	Worst service and meal I've had in a long time. We were a large group but it is no excuse to have to wait over an hour to get the bottle of wine that I ordered. When it arrived I had to turn it away because it was AWFUL. I ordered a bourbon instead and that took another 20 minutes to arrive. So almost 2 hours in and I hadn't even ordered yet. When the food finally arrived an hour later, I was not impressed. The place was way too bright, I felt in a cafeteria. My bill was around $100 alone for an appetizer, a main and two drinks. Way overpriced for a mediocre place and brutal service.
4	Enjoyed this restaurant a lot - food was excellent, and the friendly service plus the casual ambiance made the whole experience even more enjoyable. We had a dozen oysters (all PEI and all incredibly fresh), a charcuterie plate (large) - which featured pate and head cheese (both excellent), as well as other meats, and then shared an entree of clams, snails, and bone marrow over a potato tart. PLENTY of food for 2 people. The restaurant was smaller than I expected,and also features a long counter where people can also be seated.
2	The text that goes with the 2 stars I gave, "Meh. I've experienced better", described pretty much my experience last night at this restaurant. It was a pretty average food experience, having tasted better elsewhere in Montreal. The noise in the restaurant a bit too much, making our conversations quite hard to continue at certain moment during the night.I took the tacos as a first appetizer, which were actually pretty good, but you can find them at a better price in many 'authentic' mexican restaurants in town (like El Sombrero - http://www.yelp.ca/biz/el-sombrero-restaurant-montreal-2 - which do the same type of soft tacos, but wayyyyyyy better!). My second plate, the venison tartar, was pretty 'meh': I've tasted better tartares elsewhere in the city. We decided to take the dessert elsewhere since their three propositions of the day weren't appealing to our tastes.On the service part, while the waiter was very polite, we had to wait long moments between his visit at our table.This isn't a place I would rush back to try again.
4	Very good  food indeed! Second time there. Love the food, pretty good wine list, but VERY noisy. So I guess it depends how much you want to shout or listen... Worth trying, but with lots of energy and will to talk loud. Really delicious seasonal fare.
5	Surprised about some of the comments regarding the service. We thought that the service was excellent. We did arrive around 6pm though, before it got terribly busy. The food was excellent. We got one of the daily special combos for 2, which came with rabbit, paella, seafood and veggies. It was a huge portion, and cooked very well. Lots of variety. Also tried the tacos, which were good too. I liked the atmosphere.... definitely more on the casual side (not snooty or anything like that)Will definitely return if I'm in the area. It was one of our favorite meals in Montreal
5	It was our last meal in Montreal and probably the best.  Service was excellent. Very friendly and helpful. Especially helpful when describing the different kinds of beer and wine they had available. Started with the venison carpaccio which we enjoyed.  I had the rabbit leg which was served with farro, carrots and cauliflower. The rabbit was very juicy and the broth it was in was so delicious. I could have just had the broth and some bread. Btw- the bread is also very good. My husband had the venison steak which was also delicious. Everything about this place was great. We had dinner at Au Pied de Cochon a few nights before, and while we really enjoyed our meal there, I think this place is better. I wish we had gone here earlier during our trip so we could have gone multiple times!
4	Esta delicioso!!! Comimos los platos para compartir ... Meat lover y fue espectacular pero son abundantes y creo para tres personas puede funcionar perfecto.... Muy recomendable!!!!!
