5	I was recently in some training in Pittsburgh, and we came here towards the end of our class.They had a sign on the curb outside that said they had "the best prime rib".  Now, I don't think I can say that they had "the best", but it was very good, and a pretty big serving too.Our waiter (John) was exceptional, excellent service, fun personality, very knowledgable.
2	Disagree with previous post. Went to 1902 tavern for lunch a few weeks back. To start the waiter appeared to be either on crack or speed. Second I was with a party of 4 that all ordered salads. I decided to go with the steak. Awful call on my part. The salad took 45 minutes to arrive, along with the cracked out waiter (who we hadn't seen for at least 30 minutes) The steak was total bullshit. Overcooked and cold. The salad had way too much iceberg lettuce and tasted like crap. I won't be back until Pittsburgh decides to clean up Market square and all of the vargrants that inhabit the area. Where do these people come from? and is there nothing better to do except sit around market square, smoke cigarettes and throw your trash everywhere so city workers can clean up after your filthy asses? My advice to you son, is do the same as your father, and his father did...get a job!!!
3	I like the 1902 Tavern.  It received the first liquor license in western Pennsylvania in 1902.  True, there are better choices and I'm essentially a non-drinker.But, hey, what do you expect for bar food in Downtown?  I had a burger and fries which were as good as any I've had.  The best day to go is on any Thursday on "Market Street Thursdays", from June to August. Sitting outside, listening to the band while eating.Not a bad place to be!
1	Stopped in for a quick drink on new years eve about 3 pm . The place was empty . The bartender Chris was rude and very vulger . He made a crude sexual comment as soon as we sat down . We decided to stay for a drink anyway . After going a couple of choices we were told the bar was out of most stock . On New Years Eve ??? The Bartender kept complaining about his job and bosses for the next 10 minutes . We paid for our drinks and got up and left . Might be the strangest employee experience I had in awhile .
