4	How can you go wrong in a place where you get your shoes taken off before you enter a lovely tea room that's private and JUST for you and your partner/husband/party.... Then you get brought this EXTENSIVE sushi list, everything sounding (and subsequently being) more delicious than the next, from the rolls to the entrees.As a vegetarian, my knowledge of sushi is limited, but they've got THE BEST tempura ever.  ANd their spinach soy tofu dish is PERFECT, especially given the simplicity of the dish.  It's got the perfect balance of good salty gingery flavour, and the texture is just incredible.For those who like the whole hibachi experience, while I've not seen Ginza's in particular (I've been to others on the coast) I can see them flipping their scallops while entering, and it seems like everyone is having a good time.It's really fun to be in a personal tea room, IMO, so private, so calm..  such a scrumptious experience...
3	Grade: C-Less than average service. Almost okay food. Spendy.
3	I went here for Sushi Happy hour. Did you catch all of that? "Sushi" "Happy" "Hour". That's reason enough to fly out to Wisconsin!Picture this, regular rolls $1.90, and specialty rolls, I'm talking dragon roll, around $2.50.Now to the bad. The service was slow, or rather, I had no idea who our waitress was.. because we seemed to have 3 and 0 at the same time. When ordering, we had 3, but when getting the check for 20 mins, she was gone.It's true what they say, sushi is better by the coasts... and lakes just don't count. So the fish didn't taste as fresh as I'd like. Also, while I don't want to player hate, I prefer my sushi chefs to be Japanese...Miso soup, mmm. As to the sushi, it was ok, with the dragon roll being the crowd favorite. Mango/tuna... not as tasty as it sounds.
5	This place was a lot of fun, had good food and the staff was nice and friendly. The only issue I had was that we made reservations, but they wouldn't seat us until everyone showed.My party and I were at the Hibachi tables, which I had never been to before. It was a little intimidating, but the wait staff made it pleasant. I had a steak and shrimp combo. The shrimp was amazing and the steak was pretty good too. It was served with rice and some vegetables. These were also pretty good. The soup that was served before the meal was a little heavy on the salt side and I didn't enjoy the salad. They have a decent selection of beers (some domestic, some international). Overall a great restaurant. I would definately go there again, even though it is a bit pricey.
5	When looking at Ginza you need to seperate it into two different aspects:  the hibachi and the sushi.The hibachi grill is awesome if you have a group of people.  You get a private room around a table and your own chef comes out and prepares all your food.  This chef does all sorts of crazy and entertaining tricks and cracks jokes when preparing the food.  Last time I was here I had the hibachi steak which was delicious and their fried rice is great.The sushi here is great, one of the top two or three sushi places in Madison.  But why I go here for sushi is do to one thing, "Sushi Happy Hour."  Between 5-6pm Monday thru Friday all of their sushi is heavily discounted, so that you can get a good meal for pretty cheap.  Every roll I've had here has been quality.
4	You can have three separate experiences at Ginza:* Hibachi- Totally yummy here. Definitely a fun experience if you've never done it. Great steak and shrimp(I just get the regular hibachi flavor, but I hear the teriyaki is good)and awesome fried rice. It's fun to go with a larger group(so you don't get stuck with a bunch of high-schoolers going to prom--an experience I've had TWICE), but a relatively good dining experience either way.* Sushi Bar- A small alcove with a sushi bar is set up apart from the hibachi "rooms'. Much more mellow, not to mention less noisy. I'm not "wowed" by Ginza's sushi, but it's good.* Tea Room- This is a private screened in dining area. Complete with padded mats and barefoot requirements. I think this would be nice for a romantic date, or maybe four people. We had a party here for work once, and there were just too many people to serve in a timely fashion this way. Half of us got our food, and then the other half quite a while later. Still, nice for smaller groups.Ginza has been my birthday tradition for the past few years. I think it's just fun to get a different experience than your typical "order from a waiter, sit at a booth" night out.
4	Ginza gets 4 stars from me because of their sushi happy hour. It's definitely a great deal! That's the main reason I come to Ginza, although the tea rooms are nice for a more romantic setting if you're there during full-price hours. My gf and I had our first date in one, now we just go to happy hour! ;)
2	I went here on a friday night when a sushi craving struck me while in Madison. We were seated immediately in a separate sushi room. We were the only ones there. It was a little bit awkward, just us and the sushi chefs. While seated, they called over a buddy from the bar and were joking and yelling in spanish for a while. Points go down for atmosphere...Our waiter was either very fast or very slow with service. We ordered two appetizers and sushi at the same time. The sushi was done first, and we saw it sitting on top of the sushi bar for a full 10 to 15 minutes. It was five feet away from me, and I was tempted to just get up and fetch it, but the waiter came back eventually. He brought us one of the appetizers and the sushi. We never saw the other appetizer...like we never even ordered it. We were not charged for it, but I still wasn't thrilled.Sushi quality was very mediocre. I didn't get ill afterwards, so that's good. We had some weiiiird looking cuts of fish on our rainbow roll. We didn't eat it but we did look at it askance before putting it on the side of the plate. The sushi is WAY overpriced for the quality. The close proximity to the bar was a little annoying, some guy was shouting about his ass the whole time. Decor was tacky...It only gets two stars because I didn't get sick from the fish. I will not come here again though.
2	Used to go here for sushi all the time. Good food, decent prices. We stopped going because the wait staff was always very rude to us... we were good, frequent customers, so I don't know what was up. We go to Takara now... just down the street and they're awesome.
3	If my first encounter with the host was a sign, then it was telling me to go somewhere else. I asked the host if they served any bento boxes. He stood there, befuddled by my inquiry, until a patron walked by and said, "Give him a break, he's only a white boy." (She was white too btw). Trying the break the awkwardness, I politely asked for a menu.This place is very very average. I ordered the Shikizen (miso soup, shrimp and vegetable tempura, california roll, chicken teriyaki and pork tonkatsu) and an unagi (eel) roll. Total came out to about $25. Portion size for the Shikizen was pretty good; it was a lot of food, but then again it was also $20 by itself. The good was the chicken teriyaki that had a slight citrus orangey kick to it. The bad was the pork tonkatsu - it felt like chewing on a deep fried belt. The average was just about everything else.I'm sure you can find a better meal at another Japanese restaurant in Madison.
3	It's fun to watch them to do tricks but the food tastes pretty blend. Nothing bad about the food but Japanese food is pretty blend compare to most Asian cuisine. If you are a calorie watcher, it is the best way to eat your protein, carbs and vegetables in one sitting. for me, I need and want variety of different spices in my food. I can get a lot more with my money if I go for other Asian cuisine.for me the excitement ends when the show is over. Food isn't that great.
1	Had a terrible experience here with a group of friends and the food definitely isn't nearly good enough to make up for it (decent at the best of times).A number of us went to Ginza hoping to get the sushi happy hour. The staff asked if we wanted to be seated in a tea room and we said why not. We didn't find out until we got our bill  that that meant we didn't get half price sushi anymore. We talked to the hostess and then the manager and not only did no one offer anyone any kind of refund, they wouldn't even give an apology or admit any degree of fault in the situation. By the end of the ordeal, all we wanted was someone to say 'Sorry, we should have been more up front about not getting the discount in the tea room' or even (for maximum responsibility-dodging) 'Thanks for the suggestion, in the future we'll mention that  the tea room doesn't qualify for the discount.'
4	I went here a while ago when i was little with my family. At that point it was probably the best restaurant experience i have ever had. We were sat down at a table with another group(which i didn't really care for, but wasn't a big deal) and watched our food get prepared in-front of us with awesome tricks and such. I had to eat everything, things i would normally look at question, but it was all so good. The only problem was, it costed my family over $90 for our dinner, which is alot, but was expected.
3	I recently went back on another trip to Madison. Here are some additional observations. Sadly it retains its 3 stars.1) The every weeknight 5-7 Happy Hour Special is probably the only reason worth going.2) The maki rolls are dissapointingly small. Again, try elsewhere.
5	Ginza is a delicious Madison treat.  If you can stomach the price and want a fun dinner outing, there's few other places I could recommend as highly.The first time I went to Ginza was several years ago, and back then I found it to be fairly mediocre.  The service was OK, the presentation and show was mild, and the taste of the food was generally good.  But I became a regular patron about a year ago, and in the last several months they have seriously stepped their game up.  I've been to Benihana's and Ron of Japan as well, but these places now pale in comparison to the level of goodness you get at Ginza.  First off, you have your choice of the cozy sushi rooms or the habachi live-action tables.  The sushi rooms are nice and peaceful, sequestered off so you and your shoeless companions can have a relaxing conversation while you gorge on tasty eats.  Service is polite, well spoken, and fairly prompt (depending on the day).  Secondly, you have the Habachi tables (my favorite), where you and another party are seated together to watch your food cooked in an exciting manner in front of you.  The majority of the chefs, especially in recent times, will put forth a big fire, do some fancy knife tricks, and provide a little dinner humor along with it.  But the real present that you get is the food.  They have scrumptious mushroom soup, mouth-watering fried rice, and main entrees that are so amazing they taste like candy.  The Filet Mingon is supreme, the Lobster is succulent, and the shrimp is magnificent.  Ok, I ran out of adjectives but you get the point.  The vegetables are darn good too.Don't listen to these other rants, and put up with any little issues because in the end it's completely worth it.  I've been probably some 2 dozen times and will continue to go as long as they make it this good.
5	I love this place. Especially the red dragon roll. I can't speak for the other food, but good sushi
2	As much as I wanted to give this place more I was really disapointed. It wasnt the staff, they were great but the food was mediocre and the place is just falling apart! The seats are ducttaped together and the carpet is disqusting! The place would do so much better with a little remodeling! The fish I had was very fishy and the sides were over salted. I dont think it was the chefs fault as much as the prep cook who got it ready. I was really disappointed in the food qualty and have had  better meals at take out establishments. For the price I would pass until I see progress.
4	We had reservations for 7:00 but didn't get seated until 7:35. I'm glad that was the worst thing to happen. Once we were seated all else was forgotten. What a great time we had. The food was very good and the chef was very entertaining. The price was average for hibachi, about $30 a person. I am not a fan of the tip being included in the bill but that is what I've come to expect with hibachi restaurants. It's just me, I think a person should tip according to service received. When the tip is already included I don't tip as well. Yes, I could tip more but I think it's a bit presumptuous on their part that their service automatically is worth 18%. Sorry for rambling. Go, it's good food and fun.
1	I'm so sad to have to write this review. I USED to love this place.. it's the place we always chose for birthday celebrations. Which is why we went last night, for the first time in a year or so. What happened? To begin with, it was freezing in there. I'm not a total wuss, but I couldn't feel my toes after awhile. I never did take off my down ski jacket. I asked if they'd mind turning on the heat, and the hostess told me the grill will heat the place up. (It never did.) Next, the menus: gross! Mine had globs of what was probably teriyaki sauce all over it. I've never worked in a restaurant, but aren't they supposed to wipe those things down? Not only that, but the chairs were sticky, the table was falling apart.. My dad was sitting on some weird cushion unlike everyone else, and when he went to rearrange it, noticed it was being used to cover a huge hole in the bench seat. My 6 year old son put his boots straight out to the grill underneath the table, and his boot STUCK there. He pulled out his foot and showed me his boot still stuck to the side of the grill under the table. uck.The food is yummy though! And there is A LOT of it. Too much, but I guess you can't complain about that.After eating, we sat for 25 minutes with no sighting of our waitress. My husband hunted down a to-go container for me, and we asked a busboy, and then the hostess, for our check. We were standing at the door with our coats on before she finally whooshed out with our check. An hour and 50 minutes after we arrived, we were set to go.
1	This was the worst sushi place I have ever eaten at.  I will say that they did have a separate hibachi dining area so I can't comment on that part...although I wouldn't expect much after our experience.  The decor is very tired and not that clean.   The staff was pleasant although certainly not Japanese.   We sat at the sushi bar and continued to have waitresses and waiters grab their sushi orders from over our heads between us even though there was an open station side for this purpose...they just don't get it. Sushi was not fresh, tempura was cold, and miso soup was salty.  We went to a mall after and went through the food court- we would have rather eaten at any of these places over Ginza.  Sorry for the rant, but it was that bad!  Whoever rated this place high is either a worker, owner, or not very experienced in dining at 3,4, or 5 star restaurants.
2	Very very mediocre sushi in tiny portins with slow service.  This only gets two stars because of the happy hour special.  Head elsewhere for sushi.  Takumi is better and Muramoto is much muich better.
1	This is the ONLY restaurant I have ever set foot in that I would give one star or less.  I made reservations for my birthday which they completely flouted despite the fact I made it two days ahead of time and called them the day before to remind them and the day of before the reservation.  The service is completely incompetent.  I only got drinks and sushi at the bar because I left before the meal after waiting two hours past my reservation time, which were overpriced.  Utterly ghastly.  This is the only restaurant I would never give a second chance to.  That bad.
3	I'd like to start of this review by saying that Ginza of Tokyo is NOT the place to get sushi. The sushi tastes like crap, you know it, the staff knows it, don't order it here. You want sushi? Get the hell out of the midwest or go downtown to Takara. Ginza is predominately a hibachi restaurant that sells sushi to make money because unfortunately the sushi options are limited in Madison.Now that I've proven I'm a grade A asshole, let's get to the review. The show is great. As far as I can tell the hibachi chefs know their stuff and you get to watch an onion volcano and shrimp tails be flicked into your empty water glass. The service is hit or miss as most Asian restaurants are. Yes, it's a bit pricey for the food but you aren't buying the food you're buying the experience here. Kogane shrimp is delicious for those of you who think eggs are the bees knees like I do. If I could figure out what exactly is in that egg custard they soak the shrimp in I would be ten pounds heavier. Hibachi steak is a nice choice as well.Overall, Ginza is a good option for a large party on a night out. Birthdays and reunions are always a good reason to come here.
4	Ginza has recently become a sushi favorite for me.  They offer oodles of different rolls to choose from, anywhere from deep fried with cream cheese rolls, to clean and raw fish rolls.  Apparently they're also popular for himachi if you want a little show with your dinner.I'm loving that you walk out actually full, since their rolls are pretty substantial.  You do have to pay separately for soup and salad :( but that seems to be the trend these days.Also my GPS couldn't find the restaurant.  It just took me to the general area, same with my friend.  So when you get close, peel your eyes open to find it!
2	It was fine for the area when you're in town for work and need a place close to the hotel/mall. However, I would not recommend.
3	This is your classic American Japanese hibachi cuisine. Everything I have tried here from cocktails to sushi to hibachi has been pretty good! You also get to sit in those little rooms without your shoes which is always an experience plus.
4	I enjoy taking my girlfriend and her daughter to this place at least once a month for hibachi. The chef's put on a great show for kids and the hibachi is excellent. Every meal comes with Soup, Salad, and Desert. So you Will be very full when you leave. The Steak and Shrimp are my two favorites. My only complaint is that the place is very dirty. The Bathrooms are right by the kitchen and both could use a good cleaning.
2	We had a reservation tonight for 2 at 6:00.  Arriived at 5:55 and were told it would be 10 minutes until we were seated.  We finally were seated at 7:30, after watching a couple without a reservation being seated before us, as well as several larger parties wh arrived after us being seated before us.  The manager did finally take 15 percent off, but still, don't over book your reservations.
4	My and my better half were there celebrating a birthday because its the only place where they can get sushi and I can still find something to eat. I'm not a huge fan of Asian food, but I love going here. We had a hibachi table.  We had to wait quite a bit (they said 5-10, more like 20-25) for a hibachi table, but between following a large party and the time, that was to be expected and I knew that wasn't the norm. Our chef was amazing, the food was excellent as always. My better half (whose birthday it was) was quite content. I had a hibachi steak and shrimp dish that was just perfection. Am definitely going back. My only word of warning:watch out for the drink prices. A captain and coke paired with my diet cock was over $9.
2	I had high hopes for this place but in the end, I did not have a great experience here. I went to collage a decade ago in Madison and Ginza was a thriving restaurant then. My memories of the hibachi here were very fond. Returning to Madison, I rarely get out to the west side, but I decided to make the trek out here to try it again.Walking into the restaurant, the place looked relatively slow. My wife and I I were told it would be 15-20 minutes for a hibachi table. We went to the bar and decided to order some sushi as an appetizer. After 30 minutes, we had not received our sushi and we were still sitting at the bar. I can understand if it is a busy Saturday night. This was a Tuesday night with about 15 people total in the restaurant. The hostess was less than courteous to say the least. When we finally received our sushi, we were told our table was ready.We sat down at the hibachi table with some other strangers since it was just my wife and I. The hibachi performance was not inspiring and the food was bland. The sushi was decent. I read in the other reviews that sodas did not include free refills, but I did not test this.Ginza has lost its luster and I won't be returning.
1	I would give Ginza 0 stars if I could!  This was truly the worst dining experience I have ever had.   My husband took me to Ginza for my birthday.  Upon entering, the restaurant stunk, like dirty wet dog.  They sat us in one of the little private rooms, where you have to take your shoes off and climb in to this Japanese style table.  I could literally feel dirt, dropped food etc on the floor.  The paint and wallpaper were peeling off.  It was shocking how run down it was.  Our waiter took about 15 minutes to finally appear.  He was sweating and obviously frantic.  He took our drink orders and took another 15 minutes to return.  We placed our orders, and waited.  While we waited, 2 servers attempted to bring us food that was not ours.  Everyone seemed to be confused and rushed.  My husbands food arrived.... And we waited some more.  He ordered the hibachi.  I ordered sushi.  My food was MIA.  My husband was completely finished by the time my food arrived.  The sushi was not fresh.  Some of it I couldn't even eat.  We decided to skip dessert and just get out of there.  When the server finally brought our bill, it was hand written and very confusing.  i asked the server to explain all the charges.  I pointed out that we were charged for my husbands salad, which was included on the meal. The server went and changed it.  I asked what the charge was at the bottom, and he said it was our drinks.  But they were included above.  I finally asked to see the manager, and he explained that extra charge was an 18% gratuity already included because we were sitting in the little private room.  What?  Are you serious?  We complained about the service and food, and the botched bill, and the manager gave us the meal for free.  While I appreciated the effort to make it better, We will never return.  Don't ever go there!  That place should be shut down!
4	Always a pleasure here when eating the food and this what make Ginza an easy 4 out of 5 due to it being a sushi place in Wisconsin.  Great sushi rolls and hibachi!  I highly suggest the sashimi plate.
2	Average dinner. Soup was hot. Sashimi plate was just OK. Selection is very limited and not as fresh as some other places. The bento box dinner is your usual stuff of tempura and teriyaki  chicekn, The teriyaki sauce is good, the rest is just OK. Over priced for the quality of the food. Tea was $2.50 and lukewarm so probably want to pass on that.
1	Bad customer service!!! It took 3 hours to get our meal!!!
2	I went there because I read reviews talking about a happy hour with half price rolls. I was there when it opened yesterday, and was seated at the sushi bar immediately. I was given the "happy hour menu", and started looking at the prices... $4.75 for a California roll... $9 for their special rolls... I was like "this is half price?". I decided to stay, since it was cheaper than a normal night for sushi.I wish I hadn't... not because of the food... but because of the treatment by the chefs. I ordered a total of 3 hand rolls, 1 special roll, and 2 other rolls. I was hungry, hadn't had lunch, and wanted to treat myself. I handed the first chef my menu. A second chef came in and began conversing with him in Spanish about work. Then the unthinkable happened... they started bad mouthing the fat white guy (me) sitting at the bar in front of them.The 2nd chef asked the first: "Todos?" (All of it?), to which the other replied "Si, todos" (Yes, all of it.). Then the 2nd chef said "No lo creo" (I don't believe it).So, being the polite guy that I am, I smiled at them and asked them (in English) to give me 1 or 2 rolls at a time. Instead, I get two platters of all of the sushi I ordered.I said nothing - my waiter continued coming back to check on me. The check came, and I figured I should say something. So I wrote on the ticket: "Por favor, pregunte a sus camareros para no hablar mal de sus clientes en espanol?" (Please ask your chefs to not speak badly about your customers in Spanish?). I got up from the bar, and told them "Gracias por la comida", and walked away.Not even 10 minutes after I left, I get a phone call from the owner/manager. I tell him I am driving, but he wants to keep talking. I apologize and say I will call him back when I get home. I get home, and call him back. He said his chefs never said that, but apologized. He offered me a free dinner if I come back. I might do that, since the food was good. But - you know how when you go to a restaurant and while the food is ok, if the service is great you still walk away and give it a favorable review? Well, this is the opposite. Food is ok, service sucked. -1 star for the chefs.
3	I was torn whether to give this place 2 or 3 stars, but thinking back on the food others at my table ate, I decided on 3.My boyfriends family and I came here to celebrate his birthday on a Sunday night. He's recently become obsessed with stir fry and hibachi places so it was a must that we visit this place. We made a reservation and were seated right away when everyone from our party arrived. First of all, our waitress was terrible. She brought things out promptly and got all of our orders right, but she was not nice to us at all. Literally not one smile or kind remark. She also got very testy whenever someone asked her to repeat herself. Not cool. The hibachi cook on the other hand was great. He did all of his tricks and although messing up a few he was always in a good mood. He even teased my boyfriends niece a little bit which I think she thought was so funny. As for the food. The miso soup you get first is very good. Maybe a little salty, but I will forever crave that soup whenever I'm feeling sick because it was so brothy and yummy. Then you get a salad which I usually like. All of the vegetables were fresh, but the dressing was so watery. It was really weird. It tasted good, but the lettuce became kind of wilted because of the dressing. Now for the hibachi. I thought it was so weird that you have to upgrade to get fried rice. What?! I've never had to do that before at a hibachi restaurant, it usually comes for free. So that was weird. The rice was good, though I've had better. I like it when there is still a little snap to the rice from being fried on the super hot cooktop. I ordered chicken and scallops. The scallops were cooked well, however mine had not been cleaned and the tough part had not been removed so that was disappointing. The chicken was pretty tough, and the sauce/seasoning was very bland. The vegetables were pretty tasty, but again the sauce could use some work. Now, I would've given this place a 2 star review if it had not been for the steak that others at my table received. My boyfriend ordered steak and chicken and let me try some of his steak and it was so so so yummy! If you come here for hibachi, skip the chicken and go straight for the steak. Holy cow it was so good. Perfectly cooked and perfectly seasoned. YUM.So overall, this place lucked out that their steak was so good. Minus the steak, I would've been forced to leave a measly 2 stars.
1	Just ate here for the last time. Have gone here probably 20 times total in the past 4 years. Big fan of the sushi happy hour. However quality control is non existent. Found a hair in my salad, two out of my three sushi rolls were not made right and the crab in one tasted rotten. Totally disappointed. Check out VIP sushi next door. Much better and where I'll be taking my business from now on.
4	I always enjoy coming to Ginza. Whenever I am there it is for some group get together and I love that the Hibachi tables are open and inviting. On my last visit, there was a group of 6 of us to enjoy hibachi..and we had a great time, our chef was charistmatic, put on an excellent show and was very accomodating. (He even was nice enough to provide a little extra of the meat as I am allergic to shrimp and didn't get to partake in the shrimp appetizer.) The scallop dinner is fantastic and yum to the miso soup. We also ordered sushi/sashimi at the table and it was brought out in a timely fashion and of course delicious. I will gladly come back and enjoy my evening with fun and entertainment and good food most of all. I always leave with a very full tummy and its overall very satisfying. Also Seaweed salad is a must!
2	This place is tired.  It smells bad and I'm guessing it would be filthy if they turned up the lights enough to see.  The steak hibachi was very tough and a few bucks more expensive than Takara.I brought my 5 year-old for a late dinner so we were seated alone and our cook totally 'phoned it in' - didn't put on a very good show for her.  That's not ok.
4	The cook did a very well job at making the food a show as he made it and still making food. I also thought there sushi was at par with the competition. There steak and shrimp were excellent and I would rather get from here then most other places. There scallops in my opinion were not amazing but okay. The service was good but when I wanted to get a sushi menu the host completely had forgot, but I asked another worker there I got helped quickly. One negative is that the restaurant defiantly needs a remodel it just does not look amazing or have a good layout it was a little cramped.
2	Ginza of ... well, Madison.  I'm not going to add anything here that hasn't been said already from other reviews.  Went for the first time last night.  I had honestly never heard of this place before it was suggested to me, and I kind of know why now.  It's located in a little strip mall, which, I gave the benefit of the doubt since it's common here in Madison.  The interior is a bit dated, but they do have a lot of unique spaces for different types and sizes of parties, which I thought was a plus.  We had reserved a tea room for the two of us, and that was a first for me, which I highly recommend if you go here.  Unique, quaint.  Could probably accommodate 4 comfortably; 6 maybe.  There seemed to be a few teppinyaki tables that were going on around us outside of the tea room, which are always fun.  We ordered edamame and a new dish to me, which was Goma-ae (spinach with a soy and semsame sauce).  Simple but very delicious.  We had 4 rolls and they were fine, but nothing special.  Definitely felt like they had way more rice than fish, which is never a good sign.  What we had was certainly adequate.  Would I go here again?  Sure, since it's close.  But I'd rather go to Muramoto at HIlldale for a nicer experience, or Takara for better sushi.  The tea rooms are actually worth it if you're looking for a cool experience/date.
2	The food was good and the service was OK but it ends there.  THIS RESUTRANT IS FILTHY, IT STINKS AND I DON'T UNDERSTAND HOW IT CAN PASS A HEALTH INSPECTION.  When you walk in you smell rotting grease,  the hoods over the cook tops are literally dripping with grease and when you look in the cook area it is caked with dirt.  Totally disgusting.  The area behind the bar was filled with trash. I won't be back.
