3	Been sick in bed and craving some WOR WON TON SOUP.  So I had to use my yelp knowledge and find a Chinese place that delivers which is very limited.  Found CHINA AAA and surprisingly they had some Japanese food you can choose from.  I found my WON TON $5.95 but not WOR WON TON- it was ok and I don't like when the Won Ton seems to be all wrappers and not much filling.  Had lots of stuff in it such as veggies, and meat.  I got busy eating the other stuff so will have to truly rate this next time when it's fresh. The HOUSE FRIED RICE $7.25 was pretty good.  Lots of stuff in it, meat, shrimp, chicken, port, and not over soy-sauced.  Thumbs up.HOUSE CHOW MEIN  $7.25  yummy.  Lots of goodies in it as far as meat and shrimp and beef...and not at all greasy like it usually is.  Thumbs up.CRAB RANGOON  (8 Pcs) $4.95 ok/so-so.  I'd say the ones from Panda is better.  CUCUMBER SUNOMONO SALAD= typical salad.  Not bad.  HOUSE SPRING ROLLS 2 for $2.95....It had a surprise..not all veggies and had a big shrimp in it.  So....for now....they got three STARS.   Not bad.  I like to try it again for second chance before they go on the GREEN list or RED list.  They get a bonus thumbs up for DELIVERY and only cost $2.00.  That's pretty reasonable considering how much gas costs nowadays.  It's pretty good when you're sick and can't fix yourself some food or go and get some.
5	We are sushi lovers and tried sushi  from this place. While the place itself might look like a general fast food or take out near a supermarket these guys did their job perfect.Sushi are very delicious and when dining in are served very beautifully. The service was also perfect with complimentary soup and ice cream.We will definitely visit it again on our next trip to Vegas.
1	Ordered delivery and after an hour wait the order was wrong. Called to report it and they argued that it wasn't wrong. They finally agreed to make the correct item and bring it to us. After 45 more minutes, still no replacement food. Called to cancel and they offered to make us a free roll next time. There will not be a next time. Way to many other Chinese delivery restaurants to ever try this place again.
1	Food is too salty and lots of MSG. The service is not good at all. I was ordering and the waitress just left to attend to something in the middle. Will not go again.
5	i love this place, its run and cooked by all chinese people.. across the street from my house!! fast speedy and made to order!!
4	Food is good, especially when you want delivery.  They are very nice and super fast!
1	If I could give less than one star, I would.  This restaurant is the entire reason I finally got a Yelp account.  I should have run out of the restaurant when I saw the huge black curtain hiding whatever it is that goes on in that kitchen.  The food itself was oily.  Mediocre, at best.  I should have listened to my gut (no pun intended) when it told me to stop eating.  The morning after I ate here, I felt nauseous and light-headed.  Then a few hours later, I finally threw up.  An hour or two after THAT, I threw up again.  Turns out, my entire family got sick that day.  I reported the restaurant to the Southern Nevada Health District.  I'm so angry with this place that reporting them to the health department wasn't enough for me to feel avenged, so here I am, warning anyone who will listen to stay far, far away from here.  That is, unless you enjoy food poisoning-- I don't know your life.
