4	I found this to be very close to real NY Italian. It's one of my favorite places to eat in Baxter.
2	This place is OK. That, however, is the best one can gather when reviewing Fratellis: it's just OK. The is just OK. Not horrible, but not great. Walk one more block to Six Pence, or go across the street to Lui Lui's. You'll be better off.
2	Just like everyone else said, it is okay. The chicken Alfredo was decent.  The menu said the sauce was homemade and it didn't taste like it. The lasagna was decent. The tomato sauce tasted like it came out of a can.  Our waitress left us numerous times to talk to a guy outside the restaurant. This wasn't not a great 1st impression an I will never go back again.
4	Very good Italian!!!  Service was good, funny thing that they didn't know what a "hero" is.. They referred to it as a hoagie! Cool! Would defiantly come again!!
3	Decent little Italian joint. The flavor is there, very authentic and robust, but it's a little pricey for the portions, namely the entrees. I really like the flavors in the chicken picatta, but $18 for two (basically one cut in half) puny chicken filets with a scant amount of pasta on the side cannot be justified. I really like their pasta side of the menu! The Fra Diavolo is so simple, with crushed whole tomatoes, garlic, and red pepper flakes, but it is so delicious, and the portion here is a little bit more in line with the cost. They will spice to your liking! The Vongole is also a good, simple choice for those looking for a heartier portion and robust flavors. I've tried their pizza once. After paying $22+ dollars for baked dough, tomato sauce, cheese and some assorted meats/veggies, I was prepared for the best pizza of my life, because it was definitely the most expensive. Bottom line...I won't be trying their pizza again. Way too expensive for mediocre pizza. Not inedible or anything...but I'd say it was worthy of about $10 of my hard earned dollars. At best.
3	SO close to stripping another star off this place...and it's a shame, because I really like their pasta side of the menu, and it's really close to my house!Went in here for dinner this past weekend, and ordered a glass of wine.  The first drink I ordered, I got a half pour.  I'm talking like, LITERALLY three ounces.  OK, I was annoyed, but maybe the bartender was in a rush.  Second time, same thing!  Rediculous.  I brought it to our waiters attention, and he blamed it on the "big glasses"...um, I took three sips and the glass was gone.  I know you don't fill a redwine glass to the top, but come on....six ounces is a proper wine pour.  You fill the glass to the very point where the bell breaks.  I got three, three and a half ounces at most both times.  This place is getting dangerously close to pricing itself out of the competition for the value you get.
4	Went here for the first time today at lunch. Pizza slices were good and mozz sticks were better than most places.  Menu is a bit pricey for what they served. The appetizer was $9.  All in all not a bad experience.  I have no comment however on the Quality of their wine pouring but I recon if you count your ounces of wine in each glass you probably need to be at a "high end, classy establishment" not a small italian restaurant where the average menu item cost $13.
4	Great food and service. Our server was very attentive and thoroughly explained the specials and other entrees. The house-made balsamic vinaigrette was great. I had the special, the chicken pizziola-- chicken breasts with pomodoro sauce and capers. It was delicious. It was a very large serving and I ended up taking most of it home with me. I had only been to Fratelli's one other time--a year ago--and at that time I had pizza. They did a great job with pizza, too. I would definitely recommend this restaurant.
1	I have had several meals here and it never has even remotely impressed me. The food is poor - the service sub par and unless your group has the right demographic look to fit Baxter the staff is quite rude.
1	Sorry but first thing I should have noticed was that all the tables had a smiling child with a big pizza.  The adults weren't eating ..... another cry for another location.First of all, though I have found a well kept and clean bathroom in a bad resturant... i have seldom or never found a a good resturant with an untidy bathoom. The men room had not been checked in over 4 days, and the grout in the tile was a science experiment.The lobster ravioli tasted  very very fishy and the 8-9 ravioli looked like teabags, not little meat/cheese pouches, and the sauce was  out of a can.... this meal was so bad it had be returned. As my partner and i finished off my Eggplant Parmesan ( two requests a for spagetti spoons later)  our replacement meal arrived Chicken Parmesan ... again with tomatoe sauce from a  can.I wish I were done!The check arrives ... an unapolgetic $50.00..... No Nancy we are not in Olive Garden (The food would be better ) ..... No alcohol and i had no salad ..... Well, the secret to this misery is, no weren't "Comped" a meal, we were charged extra because Nancy's replacement meal did not come salad..The resturant busness is tough......... so plezzzze leave it to professionals.( or at least have someone check the Mens room more than once a week)Would I go back sure/// but only after checking the restrooms.
2	The food os pretty good Italian fare but the portion sizes are small and the prices are HIGH! I really wish I could recommend the place, but you need to take out a loan to eat there, especially for dinner.
4	We ate there tonight and have had dinner at Fratelli's at least 25 times. The hostess and waitresses are always polite but sometimes very slow. Tonight the restaurant wasn't very full but service was too slow. Really, my only complaint is when we have to eat inside instead of outside. The restaurant is EXTREMELY LOUD inside. It drives is crazy. Still, we go back. We think the food and wine are excellent and very reasonably priced. This is not a pizza parlor; it's an Italian restaurant that sells pizza. Don't expect white linen tablecloths but McDonald's prices.
1	Horrible!   The prices were ridiculous! This place won't be open much longer.  No wonder we were the only people in there!
3	Since we live in Union County, NC, whenever we get a chance, we go to Fort Mill, SC area, and eat at this restaurant.  The food here is good, but the service is slow, and prices are high.  I don't expect to pay McDonald's prices, but I also don't expect to pay $19.50 for Shrimp Scampi with 6 shrimp, and $14.50 for a $14" plain pizza - but, when we go here it's a treat for my husband & me (we don't ever take our 3 kids because we can't afford it).  If you are ok paying high food prices for Italian dish, and wait a long time for your food, then, you can come here.  Otherwise, do what we do, only come once or twice a year, and it is a treat.
3	I love the Hawaiian Pizza at Fratelli's!  But the service (eat in and take out) are not so great.   For what you get, the prices are way too high.
1	Awful service and mediocre food
1	Used to love here until the service became crap! Was seated by the hostess and she stood around so we asked for drinks. "The servers wear black, I'm wearing pink *blink* *stare* I mean I could still get your drinks" so before I thought to apologize and explain myself, forget it I'll wait for the server. Then the soup was cold. Took forever for our food when we were the only 5 people in the entire restaurant. Meanwhile the hostess chatted about hobbies with the other server girl la Di Dah. I can't come back
2	Ate there once and was truly disappointed. I ordered the Alfredo pasta that was close to 15$ or around that general range to go. It came back and when i took it home there was no chicken. I realized that it was an extra 3$ up charge that was a protein. They should have at least told me when I was sitting there with the rest of my friends. The wait staff is friendly. They could clean up the place but overall it was way overpriced and could do some renovating.
3	The food is decent at Fratelli's.  It's not gourmet Italian by any means, but it is better than than the most of the so-called "i'm from NY" pizza and Italian places in the area, but that's not saying much.  The pizza is good at Fratelli's.  The pasta is decent; not the best but better than most Italian styles places in the area.  The service is good.  The owners are nice.  The negative, and other reviewers have mentioned it, is what they charge for what you get.  The prices are just way too high.  A large pizza with 5 toppings is almost $30 after tax is added.  For this reason, I only go here when I have a discount (Groupon) and/or when I am drunk.   If they lowered their prices, I would go back more often, even without a discount.  I know other people would too.
4	I ate at Fratelli's on a Saturday afternoon for lunch. It was very quiet, but the service and food were excellent. I ate the chicken piccata which was the perfect portion size and very tasty. My lunch date had the meatball sub which was also very good. The prices were excellent, I will definitely be returning to Fratelli's in the future!
3	Company Christmas Party night.  We reserved spaces for our company which was about 55 - 60 people on a normal weeknight and they probably should have closed the place to the public or at least put a sign up that there was a large group inside because I really felt bad for the customers that weren't in our party.We had tables setup with appetizers to start.  Chicken Fingers and Mozz Stocks straight off the Sysco truck.  They weren't terrible but to call them Meh is a stretch.  We had a choice of 4 or 5 Entrees.  I had the Chicken Parm which is pretty standard.  It was an edible chicken breast with ok tomato sauce and melted cheese on top.  They brought out the entrees in waves meaning they chicken parm came out first then after about 10 minutes the eggplant etc...which was weird since nobody ate together.  I understand it was a large group so they did what they had to.The bar was a hot mess all night.  Drinks took forever and when they came out anything "mixed" wasn't done right.  Sweetie had a grapefruit martini that had so much simple syrup she had to request extra grapefruit juice to dial it down some.  With a big group that was drinking as much as we were we would have appreciated experienced bartenders.  They also had 3 "hostesses" huddled around the podium for most of the evening.  I can't stand that, they only had about 5 tables open for other guests not in our party why the hell did they need so many hostesses?  Eventually they started pitching in refilling drinks and clearing tables.Like I said this was a special party of a large group so my review doesn't reflect a normal business night.
3	We received a Groupon for a gift so we went again.  The prices are still ridiculously high for what you get and the quality of it.
2	I genuinely do not know how this place stays in business. I've lived in the area for nearly 10 years and only went because someone had given me a gift certificate. The prices are ridiculously high! I got a small side salad for around $5 and it was about 2 bites worth. The pizza is nothing special. In fact, I picked it up and by the time I got home (just a few blocks away), it was already cold. And I know it was "fresh" because I was there waiting for it to finish up for quite a while. It was a Saturday night and it was about empty. Again, I cannot figure out how this place has stuck around for so many years. Save your time, go across the road to Empire Pizza!
4	We frequent this place often. Typically we get pizza which I find to be the best in the area. The pasta dishes are good too, nothing exceptional but good. It's convenient and there's never a wait (which is great since we have a baby with us!). The service is always great. Very attentive. The prices however are a little high for what they serve and their location. But still very good! We enjoy this place a lot, esp during the nice weather when we can sit outside.
2	I tried to stay positive about this place.  After all, it's in Baxter Village, and things in Baxter Village are supposed to be above average, right?  But when you watch your waiter spend the greater part of your dining experience flirting with two girls at the bar instead of checking on your food or drinks the experience really goes downhill fast.  We were one of TWO tables the guy had, yet the food came out cold and another waiter had to fill our glasses.  The food was pretty good, not the best I've ever had, but for the price you pay you expect to get it warm at least.  I don't think we'll be back.
4	Really nice Italian food in the heart of Baxter Village! We had a wonderful lunch here with fantastic service from Kyle our waiter. Ordered the Chicken Piccata and it was really gooooood! Wonderful to sit outside and enjoy a glass of wine and watch the passerby's!! Check it out!
4	First Italian food since moving from California. Loved it! I had the baked ziti with sausage, Char had eggplant parm with capellini. We definitely will come back, can't wait to try the meatball sub, I have a childhood standard I measure by and still looking for something like it. If the red sauce on the baked ziti is any indication, I have found it!
3	This was okay Italian food. Went here on a date. Wine selection was good. I thought many of the items on the menu were crazy overpriced. For instance the standard pasta fare was reasonable but then other times like piccata etc were almost twice the price.I had the manicotti which was very good a solid 4 stars and my date said his lasagna was excellent.The service was ok until check time where we waited quite a long time for the check. My main issue with the place is that it doesn't seem to have an identity. Either be an upscale Italian eatery and class it up or be a family Italian restaurant. It's very weird to have $10 manicotti and then $22 entrees that are pretty standard Italian fare. A lot of people go for the pizza and there were quite a few families there while we were there enjoying pizza.Again... This was odd as the ambiance is more romantic upscale- darkly lit, candles on tables, waiters in white shirts ties and black aprons. Just needs an identity and then the food quality and prices to match.
2	Well, in this case, it's hard to even write a review, because we never actually ate!   But we'll review the service, in this case - which was truly nonexistent.  We came at 1:00 on a Sunday.   There were three other customers in the restaurant, and three wait staff plus the hostess.   We were seated, and after 15 minutes, no one had even come to serve our water, or ask for a drink order.   So we decided to cut our losses and walk out.   As we walked out, no one asked us what was wrong - just the hostess cheerfully saying, "have a nice day!"   We did - at another restaurant.    Just an FYI.   We decided to give Fratelli a try this time, after almost a two-year interval.   Last time we were there (again - it was two years ago), one of us bit into the plastic microwave pull-off dish cover.   That experience, combined with this non-service, means we won't be coming back.
5	I thought from some of the reviews this place would be horrible. We went here because we had a coupon and were very pleased!. Our waiter was very nice and attentive. The raVioli and fettuccini Alfredo were exCellent. The only coMplaint I would have it's that they do not serve a pizza for one person, only 14 inch and bigger. We definitely willv come back when we ate in the mood for Italian. Also the atmosphere and lighting had a great romantic feel. It would be a great place for a date Night.
