5	I recently purchased a home that had old brass antique chandaliers about 25 feet high.  I had a tough time finding an electrician that would replace these.  I must've gone through 3-4, including handiman services and nobody could even refer me to the right person.  Went to Home Depot and they referred me to Mr. Electric.  They were great, for 3 lights all over 25 feet high, they charged around 400 bucks and did the job perfectly.  They are extremely professional.  The second job was the replacement of four switches, but they charged over 200 bucks for that which I though was excessive.  But still very professional, gets the job done, and a pleasure to deal with.
5	Albert Rehm, electrician, spent a day at my home this week upgrading all my home's exterior lighting plus doing some small adjustments indoors.   This was the second time I used his services; initial visit was for fan repair.   Albert is punctual, reliable and very pleasant.  He worked steadily, efficiently and cleaned up and removed all debris.  I have been very pleased with his work and would not hesitate to recommend him to others.
5	I love these guys. They are friendly and professional and perform quality and honest work. We had them do our house inspection which resulted in the seller getting us a brand new electrical panel. We also had them come out to install lighting and an outlet in the backyard. Their technician Robert came over and explained everything to us thoroughly and worked through the heat to get the job done just as we wanted it. He was courteous and friendly. We loved him and are happy with the lights in our backyard. I highly recommend. Them for any job, especially Robert!
5	Jim was such an amazing installer! He installed 4 ceiling fans in our upstairs that had no previous lighting fixtures meaning he had to wire through the attic and run wires down through walls for switches.  It was about 110 degrees outside that day and I'm not sure how hot it was in that attic!!  Then he ran into some challenges that forced him to cut into the drywall in several places.  He tried to minimize the cutting and even offered to give me the name of a great drywall guy.  Great job Jim and thanks!!
5	Called to make an appointment after reading positive reviews.  The people who I had dealings with (receptionist, scheduler, etc.) were EXTREMLEY pleasant which is a surprise in this day and age.  Today Albert (electrician) arrived to the work.  He gave me an estimate immediately which I though was a little high but decided to use him.  WHAT A SUPER GUY- knowledgable, polite and tries to please.  This company is AMAZING.  I would use Albert and Mr Electric again and again.  This is the ONLY electrician to use in the greater Phoenix area.  Thank you Albert for a job well done!
