1	I went to this Midas yesterday for an oil change because I have yet to find an oil-changer around here I trust.  They initially told me it would take about 45 minutes to get it done. About 45 minutes later, the guy told me that it was almost done and that my battery and one other critical part needed replaced.  He said the battery was getting 517 CCA and would fail any day.  Being a girl with no car knowledge, I have serious trust issues with mechanics who tell me I must buy NOW, so I got a second opinion.This morning I took my car to Checker (much better!) to get the battery re-tested.  My battery was fine.  It was getting 100% on the meter.  It most certainly did not need to be replaced.  So I have reason to believe the Midas men tried to mislead me and sell me a battery I don't need, but that wasn't all of the fun I had at Midas.After I declined to buy $240 of replacements I probably don't actually need, they told me that the oil drain plug (or cap?  I don't actually know) had been previously screwed on too tight and was stripped.  So they needed a replacement.  I drive a Hyundai.  It is not an uncommon car.  It seems strange they wouldn't have a part that I am told commonly needs replaced during an oil change.  They had to call a supplier down the street for the part.Naturally they didn't call the supplier for maybe 20 to 30 minutes AFTER they had told me they needed to get the part.  I heard the call, I just don't know why they didn't call sooner.  So my 45 minute oil change turned into 2 hours and a scam.  Catch me going back to Midas.
1	Went to Midas to get an oil change. My 1st time in years going to a new mechanic. My ex got my old mechanic in the divorce (his cousin.) But, I figured since Midas was a large chain I would be ok. They wouldn't ruin their reputation would they? I spent over $50 for an oil change- one that took over an hour and I was the only customer there. Then they came in telling me I needed a new air filter- that was going to cost me $60 to replace, and I needed new brake discs, drums, rotors, etc. and the price would be over $850. They advised me that I needed it done right away and that it would be dangerous if I didn't. When I turned them down they called me at home the next week telling me their main office was wiling to give me a 20% discount if I had it done that week... RED FLAG! I decided to take my chances until I yelped a good mechanic- after all, my brakes seemed ok.. Today, almost 2 months later- because I had to save the $, I took my car to Gene's auto (thanks yelpers for your reviews) Gene said I had 50-60% of my brakes left and I wouldn't need it to be replaced for quite some time. SCREW YOU MIDAS! Now what to do with my extra $800?
1	My new car needed an oil change, and this Midas is right on the way home (and next to my favorite Phoenix area Dunkin Donuts), so I stopped by. They told me they could do it, no problem, within an hour. Price was 19.95. Great. GIANT sign/banner out front said that all oil changes included a free tire rotation - score!I dropped off the keys, and headed over to Dunkin Donuts for an iced tea and bagel while I was waiting. After an hour...I finally walked back over, because I never got a call. My car had obviously been done some time -- it was waiting in a parking space, and all the lifts were down.When I went to pay, my car suddenly needed a new synthetic oil that my last mechanic either hadn't told me about, or charged me extra for. Another $10 bucks. Ok. Fine. Thanks for telling me, but at least its done.On my way out, I double checked: "so you rotated my tires too, yes?" The answer? No. Despite the sign saying FREE TIRE ROTATION WITH EVERY OIL CHANGE, you have to actually ask/sign up for a tire rotation. They don't just do it.Ken Bohl's place on Thomas does have the longer hours, but they have better prices, better service, and something like a free 20 inspection AND tire rotation with every oil change...and you don't have to ask for the free things they promise. I think I'll head back there next time.
3	I HATE getting my oil chaged. I don't trust anyone to tell me the truth. While living back in Mass years back I went to a Jiffy Lube, fell for the "you need a new air filter" routine and was so pissed on my return trip 3 months later when they said to me again "you need a new air filter". Hello??? This part does NOT need to be replaced every 3 months!!I'm getting away from the review here....So since I got my Honda a few years back I've been shelling out the extra dough to go back to the dealer since they never try to swindle me and I know it'll be done correctly. Problem is I'm not by that area much anymore so when I needed one recently I decided to try my luck at this Midas. Went in for the basic oil change and was sitting in the waiting room with this other girl when we heard an argument. To keep it short another customer wanted the shop to stop working on his vehicle-but he didn't want to pay the labor already put into it by the mechanic. The manager offered to refund him any parts, but said that the mechanic still needed to be paid for his time so far so he'd just have to pay that. The charge was high, but I'm familiar with how mechanics get paid so I knew the manager wasn't making up the labor rate. Needless to say this customer called a friend who showed up, caused an argument, police were called, etc. Meanwhile as a new customer I'm sitting in this waiting room with another chick who's telling me this is her 3rd time back to this Midas to fix a brake repair that was never done right to begin with. crap. I'm regretting this in my head big time.So the reason I'm giving them the 3 stars is because the manager apologized to me and offered to comp me for the oil change, which he did. He even gave me a voucher for another free oil change for next time "If you dare come back" he said jokingly. I appreciated that he did that. It did make up for the slightly extra wait time and drama I witnessed.
5	Both my experiences here were so good I don't even know where to start!  Experience one:  my car wouldn't start while I was at the US Post Office on McDowell on Scottsdale Road.  In an attempt to find a shop to have it towed to, I used YELP and this was the closest location.  I called and spoke to Charlie.  I told him what had transpired the last two days that led to the current mechanical issue I was experiencing.  He obviously couldn't diagnose it over the phone; but, he sent one of his mechanics to help me out.  Less than 5 minutes later, a mechanic arrived.  He was so helpful and very attentive.  We were able to get my car started to take it to the shop.  Once there they ordered the part that needed to be replaced and dealt with the entity responsible for the failure.  It was a great experience.  I highly recommend them.Experience two:  I took my car in to get the 50,000 mile check up done as well as have the car looked over to make sure it was in good mechanical condition.  He did what the manufacturer required and also changed the transmission fluid (at my request).  He could have said I needed more work done (I wouldn't know any different); but, he didn't.  This is a great place to take your vehicle to if you want an honest mechanic to work on it. :-)
1	I'm glad to see there are other negative reviews on here as well. The other reviewers are right, the mechanics at this place lie to the customers and invent problems that don't exist. I took my car in to have an exhaust leak fixed, and was told my front brakes AND my front shocks were completely shot. I was already suspicious because I hadn't heard any noise from the front of my car, so I took my car somewhere else. Everything was fine and to top it off, the exhaust problem that Midas found was only a small part of the problem and wouldn't have fixed the noise my car was making.Very unhappy with this place. Make sure you do your research before believing what they tell you.
1	This place is Super Sketch.  They have a younger looking manager that is a total prick and thinks he is god's gift to mankind.  He is a total creeper that flirts with and is nice to attractive females only.  If you look at the positive reviews for this place it is all females.  I brought my car here a few times only because I was lazy and it was close to where I lived at the time.  The last straw was when I brought in my car for a simple oil change and they do the usual thing where they call me and tell me my car is going to explode if I don't get another $500 dollars worth of work.  What made this call different is I declined the upsale as usual but when I showed up I learned he took it upon himself to give my car almost $400 worth of work.  The creeper manager was gone and the person I was dealing with was just doing his job so I maintained my composure instead of having a catergory 5 meltdown.  I switched to Advanced Auto on McDowell and it is MUCH better.  I have seen cops there the last two times I have drove by so I don't what the hell is going on.
1	Absolute worst auto care place I've ever been to in my life!  I have gone to this shop numerous times since it was close to my home & I assumed building a relationship with an automotive place will help to ensure they don't screw you in the future, apparently that is not the case! I went to this place a while back to get an oil change & nothing was wrong with my car at all except they advised I should change my shocks.  So I went back a couple of months later to change the shocks.  This was a $750 job.  When they finished I drove to a detail shop to clean my car & as I pulled in my car just turned off on me.  Spent a few hours trying to jump it & figure out what was wrong & couldn't.  When I called Midas I spoke with MIKE and he told me they couldn't do anything unless I bring the car back.  So I had to pay for a tow truck to take my car back to Midas & of course with it being Sunday they were now closed so I left the car overnight.  The next morning I received a call from MIKE saying that my distributor went out & needed to be replaced, this was due to a "kill switch" going out.  Supposedly my car, which I had for 4 years at this point, had a kill switch installed by the previous owner that I never knew about & the wiring had finally been deteriorated to the point it killed the distributor & shut down my car.  This was ANOTHER $750 to replace.  Had no choice really so had this done.  Seemed very sketchy that my kill switch wire finally went out 3 BLOCKS from the Midas shop.  But I gave them the benefit of the doubt.  A couple of months later (Dec. 2012) I took my car back in because the brakes were making a lot of noise (keep in mind a few years earlier they changed my pads & roaders & I thought I had free lifetime brake warranty, read the fine print!).  I also was having a weird problem where at a complete stop my car was idling low & would drop & it felt like the car was going to die but never did/has.  It would then take a second to get up & go again.  This was really my most cause for concern.  Well after taking my car in & having evaluated MIKE again came out & told me he was sorry to ruin my Sunday but my car had $4000 worth of issues!  Said I needed a new timing belt, exhaust manifold, brake calipers, brake control arms, air conditioning system, and a few other small things.  So at this point I was highly upset & wanted to just take the car & trade it in right then & there & get something new but I could not do that as I was in the middle of buying a home and purchasing a new car would have more than likely made my home loan not go through.  So I told them to just fix all the issues & get the car back to me.  Took them until Tuesday late afternoon & thankfully they were nice enough to bring my car to my work, least they could do after four grand!  Sure as $hit my car to this day is still having the idling issue & I have no intent to take it back to this corrupt auto service place!  I would rather spend more & go somewhere else then ever go back to this place or ever again deal with the sleaze ball MIKE who is a manager there.  To really make things even worse they told me after dropping my car off that I was the "customer of the week" for spending so much money!  I hope that everyone reading this realizes this was not a one time experience.  I went to this Midas 6 or 7 times for services & gave them the benefit of the doubt & trusted their judgement but enough is enough.
4	Had a great experience here while waiting for an oil change. I called literally 2 hours before and they got me in for a noon appointment.  Service was prompt. They didn't try and sell me other services. The waiting room had WIFI and was fairly clean. They even have water bottles in the fridge for customers! They said it would take maximum an hour and my car was done as promised.
5	I've brought my car to this Midas location on two occassions and was so happy with the service both times.  The mechanics were curteous and explained everything to me in a way that I was able to understand.  The cost of the work was a fraction of what I would have spent if I had gone to the car dealer to have it done.  I will definitely go back next time my car needs servicing!
1	Well it is now May 18th.  I was driving down the I60 this evening when my car started getting extremely muggy while the AC was on.  I looked at my gauges and my car was about to overheat.  Then smoke started coming in my AC vent, I went to pull off the freeway and my power steering went out.  Once I was able to park I popped my hood and the timing belt had completely come off my car, unreal!
3	Today is the 21st of May.  I took my car to Midas on Sunday the 19th after its last breakdown and I got lucky, the guys actually told me everything would be covered under warranty this time.  The water pump had failed and that is what kicked my belts off track.  So this was on Sunday and they said it wouldn't be done till Monday end of day.  Called them Monday and was told that they wanted to keep my car overnight so they could give the radiator a thorough cleaning because it had built up residue.  I said that was fine and found a ride to work.  So car should be ready for pickup Tuesday end of day.  Called at 330PM and was told they were finishing up and I was good to go.  Half hour later get a follow up call to let me know the new water pump failed so they have to do everything all over and they are now offering me a free rental car.  Service so far is great and everything is free but then again if all is under warranty why not have offered me a free rental car on Sunday when I brought the car in to begin with?
5	I work for a local transportation company in town and we bring all of our sedans and SUV's to this location. The staff is very friendly, helpful and professional. They always diagnose the problem quickly and get our vehicles back on the road fast. I highly recommend this location. Charlie and his team are great!
1	I realize this is a long review, but it's worth reading if you want to avoid a possible $1,000 mistake.Several months ago my car needed a new fuel pump, so I took it to Midas since it's super close to my work. Midas tells me I don't need a new fuel pump (even though the car is starting funny whenever it's got less than half a tank of gas), what I actually need is a new radiator and thermostat because my car is running hot. Next thing I know, I get a phone call saying the car still isn't right, and now I need a new water pump in order for it to run without overheating. By now I realize I've been scammed but the radiator and thermostat work has already been done. After talking to an acquaintance who works for AAA, I learn that it's very rare for a car's radiator, thermostat, and water pump to ALL need simultaneous replacement, and that this is a common oversell scam that repair shops use on people who don't understand why a car overheats. Shit.$900 later I drive away with way more work done on my car than I ever wanted. But get this. I drive away and my AC (that worked fine before) won't turn on! I take it to AAA Auto Repair on Camelback (no way am I going back to Midas) and they repair it for another $102 and tell me it looks like whoever did my radiator work tore out a bunch of my AC wire system in the process. Thank you Midas! Whether you were hoping for me to pay you for some AC work next, or you're just clumsy as f@ck, screw you! Definitely won't be back to this place ever again.
5	Charlie is the guy to see. Got me in on a rush Saturday morning after my alternator died enroute to the airport! Saved me from having to miss my flight with fast diagnosis & reliable service. Thank you Charlie & Midas!
5	Charlie and his crew provide excellent customer and car service! I appreciate men with integrity. I will return here again and again- knowing I'm getting what I need in an efficient and friendly manner. Thank you!
1	The negative reviews are spot on. My older sister took her car in because the brakes were grinding a little. Once they inspected the car she was told that they were surprised that she had made there without wrecking it. She was told that brakes, shocks, struts, etc would come to $1870! I told her to get a second opinion and found First Class Auto at Scottsdale and Oak. She was told that the brakes would be needing new pads and eventually new rear shocks, price about $450 but it could wait a few months. They laughed at the Midas bill, "Yes that is what those guys do, especially if you're a woman".Avoid Midas unless you want to get victimized.
5	Great People!!!! Drew gets two thumbs way way up took my car to pep boys next door and they quoted me over 1000 for my brakes drew got my car in and said it would only be 450 for everything pep boys quoted THANK YOU FOR BEING HONEST!!!!
5	Went to Midas today to get an oil change that was long overdue for my 2011 Mazda. I'm new to the area so I don't have my own personal mechanic yet, but I found a Groupon deal online for an oil change at Midas. Andrew took my call and made an appointment, he was very sweet over the phone. As I went to my appointment today, I as pleasantly surprised to see that Andrew was working again, he was outrageously polite and really made me feel welcome. The Oil change itself was very quick and I was out of there a lot sooner than I expected. I had read some terrible reviews for Midas before, there were quite a few reasons I avoided the Midas in Tempe (due to absolutely awful reviews). But I would have to say, that I was very satisfied with this visit. I would definitely return to this location.
5	Yet another outstanding experience of customer service here. I needed immediate help... Andrew made me a priority (close to closing time) and had the issue addressed-  all of this with an attitude of gratitude for my  patronage.  Thank you!
5	Brought in a 94 Nissan for a pre buy inspection and Andrew helped me out. The check was thorough and they walked me under the car to show me first hand exactly what was wrong. Great knowing what I was getting before I bought it off craigslist! Can't thank these guys enough. Will be coming back for all my maintenance needs.
5	I came here for an oil change and they were great! The staff was friendly and the office was clean. They got me in and out quickly and answered my questions without being pushy at all. I would definitely recommend them!
5	Great service and very friendly! Manager Lori (sp?) was very helpful. Would highly recommend for all of your auto maintenance needs.
5	As good as it gets.  I've been coming here for years because they are honest and I get great service but today was pretty exceptional hence the review.  New manager Andrew, very approachable, professional and straight forward.  They got me in and out with a quick, affordable oil change.  The building has been recently updated, new TV's, great coffee while you wait and of course they have their FREE Wi-Fi.  My history here, if there is ever a recommendation for additional service they present it as just that, a recommendation.  I never feel like I'm being pushed or upsold.  Highly recommend this particular location.  I've been to some other Midas locations throughout the valley out of necessity but this particular one is the best in my opinion.  I do go a little out of my way but it's well worth it.  Cheers!
