4	Been using this tailor for just over a year now.  He always does a great job and prices are fair.  My husband and I will not go anywhere else.
5	Heng is the sweetest nicest most helpful old man ever. Brought 3 pair of pants in there, which were too big.  After some casual conversation and a few bobby pins later, I had a price quote, date when they would be ready, and I was outta there. Highly recommend this place.
2	Custom Tailor should be one word and a 4 letter word like "LOVE".It should not be abused.I took a dress here and the owner told me to take the dress somewhere else because he thought it fit fine.I am 5'7 105 lbs with no hips the top of the dress fit perfectly but the bottom was loose and it was supposed to be fitted pencil style (Helmut Lang)I am sure he is great with hems and taking up sleeves and taking in the waist of pants but "custom tailor" - not really.....
5	It's always nerve wrecking finding a tailor. I went to Heng Hong because a buddy of mine said he was the best in town, and he was 100% right. Heng is an expert at his craft and his prices are great. I told him I needed my coat done asap and I picked it up 48 hours later. He is a funny guy and he does excellent work on everything I bring in. I would recommend Heng Hong to everyone, just remember, CASH only!!
5	Heng Hong is a rare find.  He does fabulous work at very fair prices.  He is the meaning of local business owner.  No, he doesn't take credit cards, he has his own way of doing business and that's what makes it great and unique.  Anyone who has written an unfavorable review most likely doesn't appreciate the authenticity of this business.  He has a great sense of humor and returns a gracious attitude.  I moved from scottsdale a year ago and drive back for every alteration no matter how small.
5	I was turned on to Heng's  great work when I first moved to Scottsdale in 2005 through a friend.  I have been a salesperson ever since I was 16 years of age; I'm now 64 you can do the math.   As a sales person you spend most of your time in a suit or sports jacket (especially if you live in cooler climates, which I did).  I have personal tailors in Los Angeles, Dallas, Chicago, Detroit, San Francisco and Heng in Scottsdale.  No one compares; either in workmanship or professional capabilities.  He is a first class Tailor and his prices are more than fair.  As for his CASH ONLY policy -- just do what I do ... stop at an ATM before you pick up your clothes (hint, there's one directly across the street from him).  Heng, please don't retire before I do.
1	Heng did a good tailoring job but I was just there today and he said he is closing.  He was packing up everything in the shop.
