1	Whoa. My experience here was so bad, it is almost laughable. The most notable? Um...cleaning paste in the eye. And then the hygienist had the nerve to say, "I cannot seem to wipe it off, it only seems to be spreading." Follow that with a face full of water. I said, "Don't you offer glasses?" And she responded, "Oh, if you ask." And never proceeded to bring me a pair. Once I was with the dentist, I told him about my pain when eating, so he decided to file my crown ever so slightly. OK. But when I left the office, I realized that they (both the dentist and the hygienist) let me actually leave the office with that blue film on my teeth! Who does that!? It only adds to the pain that they INSISTED that I have new X-rays (even though I brought mine with me from last year), for a total experience of $233.00. The free lip balm doesn't cut it.
5	I have no idea what happened to Karri because I have been a client for 5 years and have had no such issues.  I have recommended 3 others from my work who all love Princess Center Dentistry.  I went in yesterday for my cleaning and as always had a great visit.  The hygienist's are all very nice and always do a good job.  I have never had an issue with my insurance not picking up the tab or being charged for things I didn't need.  Dr. Lewandowski is a great dentist and I did my research before going to him.  He grades above the national average on healthgrades.com and the 101 magazine has over and over again rated him as one of the top dentists in the valley.  So as always don't let one bad review make you not consider Princess Center Dentistry.
5	What has two thumbs and a great dentist?  This guy!I found PCD years ago when I first moved to Scottsdale from college.  Honestly, at the time, I just wanted a dentist with a nice office and a fancy website.  Also, Yelp didn't exist yet so I based it all off of that.I was lucky I guess.  The staff is very friendly and always accommodating when I need to get in or reschedule.  The hygienists are always really nice, too.  They don't talk too much when cleaning.  It's so annoying when hygienists talk to me and I can't talk back.A few years ago he had a great chap-stick that he put in the post check-up goodie-bags.  I wonder what ever happened to those?  He takes Delta Dental and I have never paid to get anything done.  That's a stretch from the truth, but if I pay anything, it's not much.I'll admit, I have great teeth.  Thanks to my middle-school ortho and PCD!
4	Love Dr. Lewandowski and his staff.  I've been a regular patient now for 7 years... and before Dr. L, I hadn't seen a dentist for 15 straight years.  Too many painful childhood experiences.I've referred my wife, my mother and 5 co-workers to Dr L.  All have had great experiences and return visits.
5	Dentistry can be a great experience!I've been to many dentists in my life, but I can say that Dr. Lewandowski is the best I've experienced.  His approach to his patients is warm and friendly and his skills as a dentist are excellent.  I simply would not go anywhere else.I give this office my highest recommendation!
