4	Yet another unplanned stop off on the way to a movie but in my opinion well worth it!Nacho Fiesta serve a mexican/italian fusion and ok both have very similar ingredients but still it can be a tricky one to pull off but I have to say they have done it!Staff are very polite and attentive, we were seated almost immediately and drinks came within minutes of ordering.  I ordered the sloppy Jose's Taco Chicken and I have to say it was messy to eat but tasted fantastic!  The chicken was done perfectly and the level of spice involved allowed me to enjoy the heat without spontaneously combusting in my chair!Dessert was incredible and HUGE!  The mexican profiterole (I admit I had no idea what to expect) was enormous but for someone who is a profiterole fan I loved it!So whether you are out for a meal or just stopping in before (or after) a movie I would highly recommend this place!Enjoy!
2	Feeling lazy I went here for Sunday dinner, but was pretty disappointed.  Now I looove Mexican food and I thought a restaurant specialising in Mexican food would have got it right, but the food was pretty dry and tasteless.  Everything seemed to taste the same too!? Staff were lovely though, really helpful and funny!  So we left a nice tip, but only for their efforts, not the food.  Decor was clean and contemporary and you had a view through to the kitchen, which I always like.  Went for nachos starter to share, actually this was ok, if a bit dry, probably the best part of the meal, but you can't really go wrong on nachos - can you?  For mains we took the 9 layer tequila challenge!!  This is 9 tortilla wraps stacked on top of one another with even thinner (!) layers of refried beans, chicken, guacamole and finally melted cheese on top.  Then there was a shot of tequila sunk into the middle of the tortilla stack, to wash it all down with!  Ok, so it was the tequila that sold us on this main course and the "WE DARE YOU!" statement in the menu that got us excited!  But is was basically a mound of bready tortilla's with very little in between.  Only managed to eat a quarter of the hugemongous floury pie, just full up on carbs! Still, the red wine, tequila and staff were lovely, but I think I'll just stay at home and order an Indian next time!
3	A chainy feelingLarge staff with nothing to doThe food redeems it
4	Friendly staff and from what I ordered (Chicken Nacho's and a Steak and Chicken Burrito) the food is fantastic. Not too spicy and too bland. Great for visiting before the cinema, they also seem to have a lot of offers on! (Discount with Unlimited Cineworld Card).
