4	After watching belly dancing next-door at the Lebanese  restraunt .we decided To relax and enjoy the hookah..after ordering it took them so long to get it ready for us...we had to stop and ask two other employees. When we finally got set up we had no other problems.are coals were always hot and we had great middle eastern music to relax to. I would love to come again.
4	This a double review of sorts:  Hookah Mania / Mijana - Very glad to found this combo spot on the Scottsdale/Tempe BorderFirst, the food - Really wonderful (Portion sizes are nice, the quality is lovely. Lots of flavor and a varied amount of choices)The Drinks - Unique and inventive (CHEAP Happy Hour)They have something for everybody:KaraokeHookah (Given)Belly Dancing Classes (Next door at Mijana)Comedy Night Tuesdays (Next door at Mijana)Very Low Key, super chill.
4	After mastering the art of Debka (traditional Arab folk dance) at Mijana, we skipped on over to Hookah Mania for a brief introduction and to request another round of ocean berry mint.  I was asked if I wanted "in" on a card game that was about to start. These guys looked pretty serious about the game so I declined. I told them I wasn't familiar with the game and that I didn't have the attention span to last beyond the first hand.  They chuckled and continued on with the deal. We then walked over to meet the DJ who was a friend of a friend and was spinning some mad Latin beats. I think it was Samba inspired and I really liked it. The lounge area is inviting and makes great for intimate or group parties. The furniture is vintage-velvety and the placement of overhead paper/glass chandeliers is quite romantic. I think they really excel at lighting which I think sets the mood for the perfect hookah lounge experience. I'll be back.
2	Let's just say I felt a little mislead with the business description. We were looking for a hookah lounge that offered a full bar and a patio, when we got there we saw they had a nice patio with comfortable looking chairs however, as for the bar......they did in fact have one.... in the restaurant next door!!! We ended up sitting on the patio of the restaurant (which was very small and lacking any sort of ambience we hoped for) since that was the only place where we could both smoke hookah and enjoy drinks from the bar. The drinks were very over priced at $9 for a Vodka/Cran ( I mean I would expect this from a Scottsdale club). The one brightside to this experience was we found out the restaurant we were sitting at served excellent hummus... We definitely won't be going back for hookah anytime soon however it is possible we will come back to try more of the food.
5	I haven't been to a hookah lounge in AGES, but I know what makes a good vs. mediocre hookah lounge, and this one is GREAT! A friend and I went here on a weekday night. Nice decor and REALLY tasteful furnishings, and appropriate arabic music that's not too loud. Nice tall Egyptian hookahs with propper long-handled hoses - the way things should be! If you go to a hookah lounge and they're short hookahs with dinker hoses, walk out.Hookahmania has arabic-speaking clientele and staff. If you want, the word for thank you is "shukran."OK! In my reviews I like to put a few lines of "Inside Skinny," but here's a good chunk of I.S. from my own knowledge!They offer Al-Fakher, Starbuzz, and one other brand of moassell ("mah-sell") with a huge variety of flavors. For those in the know, and I don't care what anyone says, the hookah tobacco is NOT called shisha! Anyway, although lots of Al-Fakher flavors were listed, but unfortunately eskandrani apple was not among them. It's my favorite flavor from that brand and it's what put that brand on the map along with the few other "golden seal" flavors many years ago when the hookah craze was just starting. When you see "double apple" on the list, please remember that it doesn't taste like apple, but more licorice. That flavor was carried on because the Nahkla (far inferior brand) double apple is the classic most popular flavor in Cairo. So if licorice is your thing, double apple is for you.We ordered a berry-mango mix. Large clay bowl (you could have an orange bowl if you want) that lasted for a good long time even with semi-steady puffing. The coal service was expert of course, and the attendant started the hookah before landing it with us. Everyone is given individually wrapped plastic mouthpieces. The 3 coals are usually placed around the outside rim of the bowl to start and for most of the session. Feel free to scoot them around to a new position on the perimeter (tongs provided) after 30 minutes. If it starts to taste burny, remove the coals and let it sit for a few minutes and then put the coals back on.  There, hookah course in a nutshell!Service was attentive - coals shifted and replaced, and bowl blown out once per session for you. Drinks are available of course.You can also order food from Mijana, the Lebanese restaurant next door. Mijana is a nice restaurant, so if you want a nice dining experience first, there you go. Haven't been inside, but it looks nice through the window.I think this is the best hookah lounge in town right now, and if I remember, they received a Best Of Phoenix award for just that. I was told they have bellydancers Friday and Saturday nights. So for a true and authentic hookah experience, Hookahmania is the place! I don't think I want a hookah from anywhere else.Remember to tip more than at a restaurant, the employees live on tips! Especially the coal tender / hookah server, he works his ass off.
5	This place is awesome. Very beautiful interior. The menu has a huge variety of shisha flavored and a wide selection of drinks and food. They don't have a full bar so you will have to go to the restaurant next door Mijana to get drinks. And the hookah is only 12 dollars (you also don't have to buy a drink or pay cover). Definitely my favor hookah lounge in the Tempe/Scottsdale area.
4	Had we not been with friends who are regulars, I'm sure I would have felt very out of place.  However, we relocated to Hookah Mania last Saturday after dinner at Mijana.  Since we got there around 9, we were still able to grab a nice sitting area inside.  It quickly filled up (inside and out) and soon the (loud) Arabic music was filling every inch of the place.  We ordered one of their special hookah mixes, but it seems as though the slow service from Mijana carries over to Hookah Mania.  It took a good 20 minutes to get our hookah.  A very good belly dancer came and was fantastic entertainment.  She balanced a SWORD, people.  On her HIP!  Mind. Blown.  The couches/chairs are very comfortable and there are flat screen tv's against the walls.  Bottom line- go early to get a table and get your hookah before the masses show up.
5	I did hookah for the first time this weekend with some friends at this location. We smoked Blue Mist Mint I think. It was smooth with a good flavor. We sat outside since it was nice out. Service was great and the owner came out more than once to check on everyone and conversed with us. Food was good, my friend wanted the chicken wings a specific way and they had no problem accommodating.  Inside was really nice, decent seating, great music inside and out and a belly dancer. It was a great night; I'd definitely go back again. You should go check it out!!
3	I never give 5stars unless its spectacular. The reason I did it a 3is bcuz the lamb kabobs were overdone.  Otherwise its good. There were belly dancers...not sure if It Was bcuz of Halloween. I had the Blue Mist & Melon. Very smooth.  I'm not a regular hookah smoker so this was perfect.
5	Fun place to hang out with excellent hookah. Not a place with drunk college kids. Mostly "natives". Full time DJ. Super fun.
1	Horrible service over charged the group I was with that was 12 ppl with adding on 10bucks on everyone's bill and when it was brought to there attention they didn't know what to say I'll never go back to this place again and if u like getting horrible hookahs and getting over charged then u would love it here!!
4	Got a bowl (2 flavors blended for free) and it was pretty good. Water cost $ so that was kinda weird. It's a great location downtown Scottsdale. Our sever was brand new, so we couldn't giver her that hard of a time when the Gin and tonic came and it pretty much tasted like tonic. She fixed it and apologized. I will go back next time I'm in Scottsdale.
4	Dude. This place is the bomb. Holy crap. First time going on the Friday night last night. Totally worth it. The owner Trevor took care of me and my buddy. The only thing that I would say that would be greatly need to change is the waiting for the coal. Took 40 mins for the coal. But over all. This place is the greatest. Thank you guys. So very very much.
1	Use to be a constant client. Went 2-3 times a week for the awesome service, and chicken wings. But slowly the customer service went out the window, and the staff was more interested in the sameOld group of guys who sits and plays cards there every night.. Went from a great hookah lounge to a horrible place... Defiantly willNot go out of my way to visit this place again with other lounges with better customer service.
5	Hoookahmania is the only hookah lounge I will go to in town. I love the ambiance and the employees give amazing service. They have delicious hookahs! I recommend cinnamon, grape, mint in an apple head or spiced chai! They're my two favorites. They also have amazing Lebanese food. Shout out to Trevor, Savannah, Jordan, and Dante for always giving us the best service in town!!
5	Great hookah and food.  Love the kanafe. Dj was awesome and service was excellent.  Prefect place to chill on a Saturday evening.
5	The only hookah place I visit. Great atmosphere,  great food from next door and beat hookah in town. I love the outside patio it's huge.
5	I recently moved to Arizona and my friend suggested this hookah spot based on her previous experience and positive reviews.I was not disappointed. Rolland seated us and was extremely knowledgeable about various mixes. He provided outstanding customer service and always had a smile on his face. We never had to wait for our coals because they were always replenished right away and the mix he suggested was the perfect blend of citrus flavor.I highly recommend this place, not just for the great hookah but for the exceptional customer service that Rolland provided. Thank you Rolland!
