5	Leah Joy is one word... amazing!!!She was recommended to me from my aesthetician (Jennifer Swink) when I asked if she knew anyone for bridal makeup. I was getting married soon, and was very nervous about finding a quality artist.I had bad skin, and my blemishes were not easy to cover. I called Leah and set up a trial with her. She was professional, caring, and sweet! Despite being embarassed of my skin condition, I felt comfortable with her and confident she would do a great job on my wedding day. As I expected, Leah came to me on my wedding day calm and ready to beautify me. She did a fabulous job, and I am so happy I found her. My makeup looked fresh the entire night, and I received many compliments (and continue to) for having a great makeup job. All I can say is thanks to Leah! She also did makeup for two of my bridesmaids / sister-in-laws, and my mother... Her work is flawless! We all had fake eyelashes, which she applied smoothly and they remained secure the entire night.If you need a makeup or hair artist, I highly recommend contacting Leah. She is not only a sweetheart, but she is professional and amazing at what she does. She will make you feel at ease, and flawless! Thank you Leah!!!
5	I was fortunate to find  Leah when I attended a special event in a city close to Phoenix. She did my make up in a way that made me look beautiful, but I didn't feel it was overdone, as can so easily happen. She was kind, patient, and clearly very experienced. And the photos taken at the event ... well, I will say that the other women who also used Leah looked particularly great in and out of the photos!Probably a lot of her work is wedding and other special events, and lucky are the women who find her! But if you're looking for a good make up session for photos or any other reason, call this lovely woman. She's truly an artist who serves women.
5	Whenever I find myself in Scottsdale of she travels to Los Angeles I always use Leah! From fixing my extensions or contouring my face perfectly, I can always can always count on Leah to get it right the first time and transfer my vision into reality. I recently was on a trip to Las Vegas and had her there to do my hair and makeup to make me look fabulous my whole trip! Thanks Leah!
5	Whether you're primping for a typical night out or a big event, Leah Joy will have you looking your best. I've been her client for over 6 months because she is a master of her craft. She began as my hair stylist-she's amazing with cuts, color and blowouts. She corrected a pre-existing color catastrophe and made my highlights look better than ever!When Leah did my hair and makeup for a photo shoot, that's when I became a loyal fan for life. She had me flawlessly camera-ready (despite my acne) but not overdone. She listens well to clients' requests and provides results that exceed expectations. Leah Joy is a total professional with a terrific personality, plus she's mobile so she can accommodate her clients anywhere.
2	My first initial meeting with Leah was awesome. My trial was based at the salon she works at in Gilbert. She was nice enough to fit me in to her schedule last minute due to my previous makeup artist/hair stylist blowing me off. She was the 3rd person I had a trial with as all the others canceled on me. After informing her about all of the mishaps she assured me that I could depend on her and even offered references to contact before making a final decision. She seemed genuinely upset that I had such a hard time finding someone, so when she came to my mother in laws house almost an hour late on the day of my wedding I was in tears!!!! After many attempts to contact her via text and phone she finally returned my call. She kept saying we were confusing her by giving her the cross streets to my mom in laws house and that the reason she was late was because we gave her the wrong address (which is completely false as I text her the correct address the night before as she requested) and  I text it to her once again that morning when she was running late. When she arrived she was very unapologetic. Not once did she say she was sorry for being so late. She had only 45 minutes to complete my hair, makeup, and my daughters hair as well. To say the least I was very very disappointed because I was so rushed and it made me so nervous I couldn't even enjoy myself getting ready :( For only having 45 minutes to complete everything she did a really nice job. My hair was gorgeous, the makeup didn't look like we had planned at the trial but it was still nice, my daughters curls fell out in less than hour. As I said before I was extremely disappointed as I thought Leah was going to be what all the other reviews said she was going to be, but that just wasn't the case. Everyone has bad days and things happen but don't swear up and down your dependable only to turn out not to be and most definitely apologize when you're at fault. I probably wouldn't have been as upset about the whole ordeal if she had.
5	I had wanted to dye my hair red forever, but I was always afraid & my hair stylists back here in PA just kept adding color over color over color every time I went. Leah did my hair while I was working out in AZ for an internship & now I'll have to fly back to AZ for her to continue doing my hair! She blended the absolute perfect coloring I was looking for, and unlike others, she stripped my old dark colors out (in a healthy, completely non damaging way) and I got to start fresh with my amazing red!!I recommend her to everyone in the AZ area!
5	I'm not one to write reviews but I had to stop what I was doing to let you know how amazing Leah Joy is!!!Need a last minute blow out, make up or color??? Leah Joy is the go to gal to make you feel beautiful. I love the fact that she is mobile and will come to you at a moments notice. She is incredible with an extension blow out (girls, please don't try to do this on your own, it's just not worth it). Want to look like a million bucks??? Cal Leah Joy ASAP!!!Make sure you get the "beachy waves" blow out; there is honestly nothing better. She knows how to work the curling iron better than anyone I know. And my blow out can last almost a week. So what are you waiting for??? Make that call, you deserve this special treat, or in my case... Twice a week treat. Now, aren't you worth that??? look and feel your best, Leah Joy is the only person in the valley to call.
5	Ok, first off... Leah is a hair genius!! Best I've ever had! And my hair is difficult!! I like my hair to be perfect and I never get anything less than perfect with this girl!!! I can't and will not be going to anyone else ever again!! Second.. She is such a pleasure to be around!! Makes her service that much more pleasant and easy going. She makes it seem so easy and the finished product is spectacular!! Please Leah... Don't ever go anywhere!! I need you in my life forever!! She is extremely accommodating to your schedule. I was running late from work and I was so aplogetic about being late because I thought I was holding her up. She told me, "drive safe, it's ok, I'll be there when you're ready." Ugh... You're amazing!!! Thank you so much for always following through with perfection!! YOU'RE THE BEST!!!
5	I met Leah when she was with D. Antonio's Day Spa and I followed her to Scottsdale because she delivers every time! I live in Surprise and I wouldn't drive around town for just anyone. Leah is extremely talented and always professional. I have received so many compliments on my hair since I started going to Leah. The best part is that I can actually replicate her styles at home. She is worth the money and the drive!
5	Leah Joy is simplyamazing! The best blow outs and the best at hair coloring too!!
5	Leah is wonderful! She did my daughter's hair and makeup for senior pictures and then again for senior prom.  She made my daughter look amazing and feel so beautiful. She really made these special days so special! Can't wait to use her again.
5	Leah Joy was Awesome!  She arrived on time and gave me a gorgeous blowout for my event.  She has a wonderful way about her that's calm & relaxing.  I will definitely use Leah again and I highly recommend her!
5	I absolutely love Leah. She is amazing with cut and color!  I also get to enjoy her mobile service which is very convenient with my busy schedule.  If you are looking for someone who is creative with cut and color and professional you need to call Leah!
5	Leah Joy is the best makeup artists in town!  Not only is she awesome at her craft, but she is professional too.  I have used Leah for special events, photo and video shoots.  I always look fresh and natural.  Leah's work is outstanding both personally and professionally and I recommend her to everyone. Leah is it!Jennifer Swink
4	Leah did my hair for my senior Prom and it was absolutely perfect!! I got so many compliments on my curls and could not have asked for a better job! Leah knew exactly what to do to make my curls look good and they lasted all night. My hair was even still relatively curled when I woke up the next morning! I have very long and thick hair and curling usually takes hairdressers about an hour. Leah took less than 30 minutes and was very efficient.
5	Leah was quick and extremely professional. I went in for a trim & style and she had me out and looking great in less than 45 minutes. I will definitely be returning to her again!
5	I found Leah at the last minute to do my hair and makeup for my wedding which was only a few weeks away. She came highly recommended by my aesthetician. Leah was very professional and patient (I was almost 2 hrs late for our trial appointment). I usually don't wear a lot of makeup and wanted to look as natural as possible for my big day. I was extremely pleased with my wedding day makeup. All was perfect and my photos came of beautifully!!! Thank you Leah.
5	Love Leah! I'm quite picky about anyone doing my hair, as I am of mixed ethnicity and therefore, have had my fair share of bad experiences. She really took the time to understand what I was looking for, and executed both my cut and color flawlessly. She has even helped me find a few new styles I can do :-) Definitely recommend her services :-)
5	I found Leah here on yelp, and after reading all her wonderful reviews I decided to give her a call. It was about a month before my wedding, and I was worried that I was running out of time. Leah assured me we had plenty of time, and set up a trial. I loved the trial, so I booked her to do my hair, as well as a few bridesmaids. She came to the venue, worked with and around the makeup artist and did a beautiful job on everyone's hair! She was very reasonably priced too! I would definitely recommend her to anyone looking to get their hair done for a special event!
