5	Mike Ingersoll is a damn good yankee, no disrespect.  I love grabbing a hearty sandwich from here for a late weekend lunch.  The restaurant has moved around a few times over the years, but the quality of the food has never diminished, it has only improved.  Mr. Ingersoll has run the restaurant for a good long time and he can really hold down a tight kitchen family that works together like a well (olive) oiled machine.  Unlike a lot of delis, this place doesn't really draw a lot of drinkers, so it is a clean environment to bring the family.  This was always one of my favorite places to grab a bite to eat with my dad.  Sometimes I like to relax and watch sports in peace, just enjoying the joys of manhood without all the hooting and hollering, you know?  Well this is that zone.  I want to recommend something, but it would be criminal to highlight one sandwich (or salad).  All of it is gold, this spot is money baby!
3	I work in the 400 S Tryon Building. The food is good, nothing to get too excited about, pretty typical. Its great on a rainy day and I dont want to go outside. If you are looking for something fast just walk across the street to salsaritas. I usually wait a good 15 mins for my check.They do have great Bleu Cheese dressing and the wraps and burgers are good. Its a good change from all the chain resturants in the area. The food is also pricey for the area, not as bad as it gets but not too cheap.Another thing I don't like is walking through the smoking area to get to a non-smoking table.
4	The restaurant storefront with patio seating is on Church street.  But you can walk through the building at 400 S Tryon and find it.  When you see those funky white toadstool-pillar looking things just blast through the double doors like your wallet's on fire and keep going straight back.  Going that way will take you into the "to go" area which is the upstairs half of the restaurant.  But it's just another five feet to the main dining room for a sit down lunch if you have time.The "chicken salad" is a real grilled chicken breast  on a nice bed of greens.  It comes with a hard boiled egg, in case you needed more protein, and croutons.  They're very good about specializing your order with requests like "no onions" and "no cheese" which gets high marks from me. And they're just darn friendly here!  Everyone in the restaurant is relaxed.  I enjoy feeling like I'm not working for a few minutes while I enjoy a healthy lunch.  And when I'm in the mood for burgers and fries, they've got that too.
1	I too work in the 32 story building. When coming in for work you never know what to expect. Sometimes you may be greated with a great smelling aroma. Buttttttt, there has been numerous times walking into the building to be greated by BURNT smells. wth!!!I come in the front of the building, why is there smoke and burnt smell greating me at the door when the rest. is in the back of the building. Pizza's look oldbreakfast looks okfrom what I hear the food is... ahhh ummmmm welllll ummmm  eerrrrr uhhhhh!!I may have to try it again!
4	I don't come here much and I don't recall ever having anything other than a Caesar Salad with either blackened shrimp or chicken but, I have to say that the salad is good.  For me, the best thing is they don't skimp on the Caesar dressing and throw in plenty of croutons that kind of get soggy toward the end from all the dressing.  Sounds gross, tastes good!Hadn't been in a while but stopped in and had the usual yesterday.  It was still good with plenty of dressing and croutons that got deliciously damp.  Consistency is a nice thing.
4	I gotta say, I'm diggin' the Rainbow!  It's tucked away, but it really is a great find!  Seems like a strange place to say "they have an awesome salad!"  But really, they do!  A lot of other choices on the lunch menu, which was nice (salmon hoagie?!  I'm getting that next time!).  From what I hear, the blue cheese chicken salad is yum-tastic.  I had the Honey Walnut Chicken Salad - very very very tasty, and I'm picky about my chicken and tuna salads.  This was off the charts!  Comes with fresh fruit, too!  My coworker had a bacon cheeseburger, and it looked ah-MAH-zing.  You know your food is going to be good when you bite into it and it's hot enough that you can still see the steam coming from it.It's very bar-esque, and the bathrooms are a little sketch, but the server was so very sweet, and (someone who I presume to be) the owner came around and spoke to us, which I always like to see.  I'll definitely be back for lunch!
