4	Okay Trader Joes--I get it  you dig me.... you keep wooing me in with your yummy products , your handsome displays , healthy foods and you even are really nice to me when you check me out.  I know I don't give you the attention and time you deserve but you aren't able to meet my needs.Okay here is the deal , it's me not you ... you are nearly perfect... but you just don't work in my life . Okay I love your convenient packages of delicious healthy  frozen items like calzones, burritos , lasagnas and even desserts.I even love your yogurt and cheese  but you see I have a growing family now.. they want more than  Mediterranean hummus  and green tea.  They don't care about orchid plants and flat breads.I wish it would work out so I could see you on a regular basis , I hope we still can be friends.
3	This place is evil.:-)  I avoided it for several decades as a trendy place.  But I really enjoyed the Fearless Flyer.  And then someone suggested I try a bottle of cheap wine.  And while there I tried a few other things and fell in love with the Apple smoked uncured bacon.  And since then I keep coming back about every 3 months and to make the trip worth while I try a few more things.  To be truthful, I don't like all the enticing stuff I try. But I like enough that I keep trying.  Take last night, I went in for bacon and strawberry preserves.  Well I forgot to make a list and never got the preserves but walked out with a $33 bill!  A bottle of wine, frozen Alaskan halibut, Hummus and a bottle of organic Marinara.  Somehow I need to stop the forces of evil from making me detour in between the door and the back wall where the bacon is kept.  :-)
3	Pathetic selection compared to the Scottsdale location, especially in the way of items like frozen veggie pakors and other Indian cuisine options.  Veggie soy products are sparse as well, and son of a gun there's no walkspace in here and you're always having to fight the Sun City people who are rather advanced in years.  Half of the parking lot is sloped upwards to the north so there's never a short supply of shopping carts that move without someone pushing them in the parking lot.  Checkout lanes are understaffed also.  If they're going to have so few lanes, then have employees to do the bagging.
5	I am a self proclaimed "Trader Joe Hoe" lol. I don't care what anyone says, Trader Joes is the BEST grocery store EVER. The Arrowhead location is one of the best, I don't see why people are bitching about it. I shop at this location on a weekly basis and sure, sometimes it's a bit crowded but it's nothing unusual from Walmart, Fry's ect. I've been a Trader Joeaholic since my days in Los Angeles. The store locations are very limited in Phoenix, but I'm just so grateful they even have stores out here! Trader Joes carries so many foodie friendly products, no other grocery store can compare. A few of my top TJ products are..Trader Joes Meditteranian HummusTrader Joes Dolmas (they even beat restaurant dolmas!!)Trader Joes GuacamoleTrader Joes Dark Chocolate Covered CranberriesAnd the list can go on and on. Trader Joes carries a lot of vegetarian products as well which is pretty nice. And for everyone taking stars away from this remarkable place due to the fact that it's not near or in your darn backyard,  go take a hike to the nearest preservative packed Walmart and load up on pork grinds or something sheesh.. Trader Joes also has a raffle if you bring a reuseable bag when you shop. They always have had many lanes open when I go and the wait is never long enough for me to remember it being long. The cashiers are always really friendly. I love Trader Joes!! Always and forever!! 5 stars baby!! :)
5	Ok, this is a store I cannot live without.  So many gourmet quality foods with affordable prices.   And lotsa organic items too.  I really love it.  I don't ever complain about TJ products!  Well, OK, one exception, the triple berry bran muffin mix.  Way too healthy for me.  :o)My husband loves buffalo burgers, so this is where we go to stock up.   Where else can I find this??Two thumbs up, TJ!
5	I love this place and shop here weekly.  ya its a little small and crowded at times but for what you get there its so worth it.  lots of nice people who work there.
5	I looooove Trader Joe's! From your "Two Buck Chuck" to your Sutter's cookies, I love your stuff! Today was the first time I've ventured to the Glendale location. I was up in this area doing a little shopping-shopping, and saw your neon sign (okay it wasn't neon). But I saw your sign, and just knew that I could pick up some good snacks for my trip back home. It was around 5pm, and parking wasn't an issue. Traffic was pretty steady inside the store, but there weren't any bad lines like I've experienced at others. It was just a quick visit for me today, but in general I dig your low prices and wide selection of items that I just can't find anywhere else!
4	I have visited this TJ's several times and it shares the same parking lot as Smart and Final. As far as TJ"s go, this one is pretty decent but the space between the aisles and the checkout stands are minimal and can get frustrating especially since this location is as close to Sun City as it is. Since this is AZ, there is no such thing as two buck chuck...it is three buck chuck and yes, Grandma knows that this is the one thing I can get cheaper in California!Thanks for being around TJ's and for providing some of the comforts and staples from home!
4	Definitely one of my favorite grocery stores. Tons of vegetarian & vegan options. Lots of whole food based items. Lots of items focused on using healthy ingredients. They make lots of their own brand products, many of which are VERY good and delicious. We love their hummus.The only reason I give 4 stars instead of 5 is that I can't always find every single item that I need there, as Trader Joe's is a smaller grocery store than most. This applies to their produce section as well, as I can't find a certain vegetable or other item I'm looking for there occasionally. Wish the store was even bigger and offered even more so that I could do all of my shopping there.
5	This is my favorite TJ's in the area! I love the layout of the store, the employees and most importantly- the goods!! They have the best prepackaged salads and wraps if you need a quick lunch and really good lasagna and other pasta' when you just don't feel like cooking. They also carry my absolute favorite pretzel- the pumpernickel variety! Love those! Besides the food, they have an amazing selection of wine and specialty beers. This is where I come to refill my wine cabinet or prep for party at my house. You can't go wrong, especially with the knowledgable and friendly employees who are always on hand if you have a question. Keep on being amazing TJ's, I'm a fan!!
4	I enjoy this store. I went here for something a little different to bring to a party, and wasn't disappointed. The staff is very friendly and great to talk to. Their hummus is tops!I love the little shopping carts that say, "Customer in training". So cute!I really don't like the parking lot, but what can ya do?
1	Worst Trader Joe's ever! Never coming back here! Granted, I live in the East Valley, and only stopped by because I was in the neighborhood.First, the place is filled with the olds, probably due to it's close proximity to Sun City. Thus, imagine the typically cramped isles of TJ combined with self-absorbed old couples standing in the middle of each isle, arguing with each other about what food to buy! Normally, I have no truck with the elderly, however, these must be the folks who voted for their fellow olds, Jan Brewer, complaining how immigants are ruining AZ. How about we talk about how the snowbirds are making our shopping so much more difficult?Secondly, I ended up with the most surely cashier I've ever had at a TJ. Before ringing up my one 6pack, she eyed my suspiciously. "Just how old are you?"I understand that clerks are supposed to ID people, and I always have my ID ready to show. However, her suspicion floored me, as I surprisingly  stammered "I'm 40!!!" while showing her my papers. (BTW, I'm not white!) She studied it for a good 15 seconds and then continued to ring up my stuff, without the requisite pseudocompliment.  "Oh, you just look soooo young for your age" joke. C'mon, what underaged teen is going to try to pass off as a 40 year old?Upon further reflection, maybe the clerk was none other than crazy loon Jan Brewer? After all, all racist old white women look the same to me!(One star, because the friendly clerk who gave me the sausage/mustard sample was nice, and agreed that the mustard was "surprisingly good!"
3	Selection isn't as nice as other locations. Parking sucks because its shared with Smart & Final.Tons of vegan and vegetarian friendly  foods. Love their wines!
3	I like going here to get my Peanut Butter & Jelly  to make my luch for the week. Caution: If you go to Trader Joes because you think all their food is good for you make sure to check the label. I was dumb and didnt look on a jar of Trader Joes brand Jelly and it has the HFC's in it. Also there is alot of walking zombies in this store not paying attention to where they are going or if anyone else is around them. So if your in a hurry to move around the store good luck.
4	I completely agree with Wes. I too am unable to do all my shopping here and usually end up having to go to another grocery store. Trader Joe's is good for several things: certified vegan chocolate, natural "funyuns"(much sweeter than regular), tofutti, veggies, flowers, two buck chuck, and on my last visit a money tree! I appreciate that they make eating junk food less junky.
4	I hear some of the complaints of the other posters here, but hey, I have to drive 3 hours to get to the closest Trader Joe's so I am a bit more forgiving.I love the variety of foods they have, and love to stock up when we can at any location.  No, I couldn't see myself only shopping at Trader's for all of my grocery needs, but it is a nice treat.  They have good snacks, frozen foods, produce, breads, Black Toad (how did I survive with other beers before finding Black Toad?) and their vitamins seem to be a pretty good bargain too.
1	I will drive across town to go to other Trader Joe's so that I do not have to go to this location again. The non refrigerated produce is mostly organic. I think it is great that TJ's offers so many organic options but I personally choose not to buy organic. Hate me if you want to, I don't care, but if you are giving the option of choosing organic then I should have the option not too. By not carrying a large selection of non organic vegetables I am forced to buy them, at a higher price mind you, or doing without. I noticed the same with the meat. I understand that this location is space challenged but I do not appreciate having to purchase the more expensive product because management has made the decision not to carry the basics. The second complaint I have is that they have a few register lanes but usually only 1 or 2 are open and they just let the lines build up without opening any more. My third complaint is that the last time I was there I bought a reusable bag but not all of my groceries would fit in it so I had to use the paper bags. I did not double bag them and I packed them full to the brim except for the last one. The last bag had about 4 delicate items in it and the cashier, an elderly woman with gray hair, had the nerve to take them out of the bag, put them on top of my other packed bags and fold the bag up and put it away. Seriously? I spent over $100 and I'm begrudged 1 paper bag? Come on!
1	I've lost all faith in Trader Joe's at this point. They are supposed to be all about the customer experience but I guess that's not profitable anymore. I sent an email to customer service and even though it says I will receive and email back, I never did. Apparently my experience is the norm and negative shopping experiences do not get acknowledged or addressed.
4	I'm a big fan of Trader Joe's since 1998, I just wish that I don't have to drive 25 miles to shop here. I shop here 2~3 times a month and I enjoy every time. =)
4	Love this store!!! people are always nice and looking to help you find things ....
4	Thank you for your healthy choices, thank you for your friendly employees.You are my favorite grocery store.Tip: don't like the crowds of seniors?  Go after 6:30pm.  It's much quieter.
4	Used to be more of a novelty than it is.Get your funky fresh breads and cereals, cheap wine, fancy beer, imported cheese, gluten free, organic produce, etc, etc, etc.But what they have is what you get, and that's it.  Selection is limited, but what they have is usually pretty good price and awesome quality.There is always a line, but if it get's too long, they are responsive and send help. Being in the outskirts of Arrowhead mall's campus, traffic in the lot always sucks.Depending on the time of day and day of week you go, it's either little old lady traffic jam, or milf central in this location of Trader Joe's.
5	What can i say, what don't i love at trader joe's. They have the best staff at every location!
4	I am such a Trader Joes fan, great prices on quality food items that don't contain preservatives and artificial flavors. I always get the help I need from the friendly staff working there.
5	Everything I get with the Trader Joe's name on it is great.Prices are great.Service is great.What can I say, it is a Trader Joe's.
5	As far as Trader Joes' go, it's a pretty decent one, I think.  I haven't been to too many except maybe one or two more along Scottsdale RD but we enjoy coming here to get our yummy, healthy snacks!
5	I will seek out a Trader Joe's no matter where I am. This particular store is not my favorite TJs in the Valley (the one at Tatum & Shea is) but they sell the same great products and have the same type of helpful and fun staff working the aisles and the registers.Things you shouldn't be without in your freezer-EdamameSpinachBroccoliGyozaMandarin Orange ChickenFried RiceYou will find great tasting versions of all of the above in the frozen section at TJs.Their Mediterranean Hummus is a game changer. You can't find a better hummus at any store.
5	I LOVE Trader Joes, all locations all over the world. No matter which store I go to the employees are friendly, helpful and they love thier job! It's easy to see why too. It's the only place that I can go where I can trust that the food is of the best quality at the very best possible price. All Trader Joe's products are GMO free and most of them don't have any perservatives or fillers. It's a wonderful place to shop and it's where I spend $85% of my grocery budget.
4	This is our odds and ends shop.At Joe's we tend to buy:Olive oil. Several different brands. I've heard that Trader Joe's brand products are simply other companies with their label. But after our old go-to olive oil raised their price 1 too many times we decided to buy one of each of their brand and taste. The Spanish oil seems to have enough flavor for me (I tend to like stronger oils. My favorite is picual when I'm heading to a specialty store) but keep a decent price.$3 Chuck. I've heard that this isn't the same stuff that used to win awards. But the shiraz is pretty good and most of the varieties seem work great for cooking. The wife tends to like sweeter wines and I tend to favor either a beer or a gin and seltzer (gave up pop a while back so no tonic for me). So we don't buy Chuck for drinking usually.Pasta. The pasta selection here is pretty good. They have a variety of shapes depending on what you need and many cost $1/lb.Those are our Joe staples. Other things that we get include chocolate (damn you impulse shopping!), basil, occasionally cream, and occasionally cheeses (nice cheese selection!).The store is clean and organized. The staff is friendly and the lines usually move pretty well. There is usually some sample for food (or wine on weekends). And our cats love when we bring home paper bags.The only bad experience we ever had was when we walked up to someone that was doing a wine tasting. At the time I believe both me and my wife were 29. The lady in charge gave us a dirty look and stared at us for a few seconds. Eventually, she asked if we wanted to taste (this was after we said hello and waited for her to convince us). She carded us (Yay! I didn't look 30!). But the look she gave us made it seem like she "knew" we were underage. She was friendly to the person that came behind us so we must have given her a bad vibe or something. But it was the only bad experience I've had at this location since moving to the valley.
5	I love Trader Joes! They always have just what I need when I need something special. Last night, friends were coming over for a light dinner. I picked up the Macaron wine that was on special right at the door when I walked in. Great price and great sweet bubbly. Then, made my way back to produce and got wonderful already prepared tropical fruit and the best strawberries. The organic strawberries this year taste like they were picked right off the plant. Next, cheese! Great selection. I purchased a Manchego and Iberico along with fresh mozzarella for some bruschetta. Yum! Finally, a few of the staples that I always pick up when I'm there - Edamame, Sweet Peas, Frozen Mocchi, and even picked up the Apple Straws by the register. Oh! Don't forget the chocolate! The store is always busy, but smiling clerks and happy staff make for a fun experience. Seems the customers are just as happy too as usually if there's a wait, I end up chatting with someone in line about new things that one or the other of us have in our carts. Glad to have a place for yummy, healthy foods!
5	I love trader joes period.This trader joes is great though I come in at least once a week, and I love how friendly everyone is!I love buying their seasonal items so delicious!I also come here for pasta, olive oil, specialty cheeses for an unbeatable price, butter, milk, cereal, their Mac and cheese, fresh herbs you can't beat their price on those either! And wine! So cheap, my favorite is the coastal blends since those are produced by Castro cellars in my home town. 4 dollars ain't bad!
1	I don't understand what's wrong with the staff at this location the really grouchy they don't help and they're not very helpful they will only point something out they will not show you where it's at and I stood there in line waiting for them to do a change out cashiers which takes way long should be done before they even open the line the place is too hard to find anyways so it's best that you just drive on by.
2	I love, love, love Trader Joe's. Some of the best customer service I've ever received have been from TJ's stores. I experienced one of the rudest workers ever at the checkout at this location. I will probably be picking another location to go to.
5	I absolutely love Trader Joe ' and this location is no exception.  It's always crowded but the food is fresh, reasonable priced and the people who work there are always friendly.  The store is pretty clean and sometimes they even have samples for tasting.
4	Trader Joe's! What can I say, it's one of those make me feel good stores? Trader Joe's knows how to make you think you are doing something good just by shopping at their store. You start thinking how good you are by eating organic, even though you can't afford to. But it works! And I do enjoy going there.
5	I go to Trader Joe's for their frozen food and iced tea. The Pomegranate Green Iced Tea My favorite iced tea of all time. It does run me a dollar fifty per 34oz bottle, but this is much better than my efforts at recreating it. Although I do my other grocery shopping at Fry's primarily due to proximity to my home, I do find that the quality of the freezer food for a bachelor like myself is quite good. Variety is a plus as well. I should also mention that there is not a grocery store who cares more about their checkout lines not being an issue than Trader Joe's. Someone is always on top of it and employees are constantly being pulled back to the checkout in short order when needed. I don't give a whole lot of 5/5's but I can't say I've had a poor experience at Trader Joe's....ever.
5	I'm always looking for great natural and organic grocery stores. Trader Joe's is definitely one of my favorites. This branch was well organized and well stocked. Staff was friendly and sometimes they have free samples of selected products.I noticed that they are also somewhat cheaper than other comparable stores, such as Sprouts or F&E. We definitely came back home with a some new products that I cannot wait to try. Also, if you are a fan of natural frozen or ready meal, take a look at their frozen section. They have a large variety of frozen veggies, fruits, fish, and meat.
5	I can honestly say I have never had a bad experience at Trader Joe's! Always great customer service, love the vegan options, and I absolutely love that all Trader Joe's brands are GMO-free! Doesn't get better than that.
5	I LOVE this store! I make the 62 mile round trip about once a week; this is the closest TJ's location to me.Pros:Selection of items I useReasonable pricesHealthy selectionsGreat quality of TJ's brand itemsOrganic & non-GMO optionsWine & beer selection (cheap wine, yay!)Extremely helpful,efficient, friendly staffFamily owned (for now)Fresh flowers & plantsVery cleanCons:So far away!!!
4	So now that I've been here multiple times, I must say that the rude worker was probably having an off day. Every time I've been in here everyone has been super helpful, it's always clean & everyone is friendly. LOVE TJ's!!
5	Awesome store to go in staff super friendly and always smiling and willing to help and answer questions. ..Love to go in, but always spend too much cause it all looks good to eat
5	I love their salads! Such a quick and easy lunch for on the go! They range from about $3.99 to $6.99, from simple to salmon and seasonal delights. Very delicious and the service has always been remarkable! Love it!!
1	I have been to many Trader Joe's across the country. Having driven across the USA, I make  it a point  to stop at one in every state. I  find I get a unique experience with each one, along with a different variety of available foods.  I had occasion to be in Glendale AZ for a few weeks visiting family.  I stopped at TJ's  5 times for varies reasons.  The experience was the same each time.  The younger crew members who cash you out, are generally nice and, seem like they are trying - The older crew, up to and including the Captain however, are rude and unhappy.  It's not the upbeat TJ's persona or vibe.  At all!!.  It's atmosphere is dark and lack-luster. It lacks any of the creative art work you are accustomed to seeing at all Trader Joe's and the place is just not a-buzz with the normal "Hi's" and "how's your day" or, any of the cheerful and live banter from the employees to either one another, or to the customers..  Bottom line...... I do not think this is a happy store.  The demo there, has been the least creative of any I have ever visited, and half the time, you won't find anyone at the demo window.  When you do, the food demo lacks creativity and is served with all the enthusiasm you would get from someone at the DMV.  Talked to the captain (Joe) on one occasion to ask if they carried an item I was used to picking up there - he gave me a half-ass answer in a tone that I can best describe as bored to tears.  He barely bothered to look at me. One silver lining.....a young female mate (never got her name) with tats and spiky hair was awesome.  She belongs at TJ's and with exception of a few young crew members, she is, sadly, the only one.Trust me.....when in Glendale, go to Sprouts :)
5	You got to love a place that can have such a wide variety of great items at low prices.  The place is always clean and staff helpful
