4	Love going here late night. Great service. I've been going here for the past 6 years whenever I have a late night craving. Friendly customer service.I enjoy carne asada fries the most from here. I have tried other menu items and they are good as well.
4	I love a Mexican food place with no pretenses and a $3 set of taquitos. I was starved before my nail appointment at Polished next door, so I stopped in for a quick bite. I ordered the taquitos with the guacamole topping them, and let me tell you, that guacamole might have had some crack cocaine in it because it was so good. It wasn't like traditional guacamoles--a touch more spice and I might even venture to call it an avocado dip vs. a guacamole. But I still liked it. I also liked their little drink machine. I had some kind of Hawaiian Punch magical red drink that I adored, despite its sugar and red-40 contents. I don't know if I would return based on its distance from where I live, but it is 24 hours and has a easy breezy simple vibe that is great for food emergencies such as this.
5	In love with this place and everything I've eaten there. Green salsa is AMAZING! Breakfast burritos are top notch. Lunch and dinner are just as good.
5	Being from San Diego, I definitely have a good eye for taco shops. I've been hitting up another taco shop near this location at lunch and was just OK with their food. After coming to Don Tortaco, i doubt I will ever go back to the other spot. Their California burrito is a proper Cali burrito (although i recommend adding guacamole and removing pico), their tortillas are bomb and their spicy carrots are actually spicy and tender. Hot sauce is good. Overall, this place is exactly what I'm looking for in a local taco shop who can make carne and other items just like home.
3	They're good for a late night fix, but it's isn't anything out of the ordinary here in Vegas. The food is average as well as the service. It's good, but not great.
3	grimey but delicious.
1	It's quick and cheap but it's also tasteless. I got the carne asada taco and the 3 rolled chicken tacos with guac. How can something this bland be called Mexican. The rolled tacos were worse than the frozen ones you get in the supermarket. Totally tasteless. I'll go to Taco Bell right next door next time!
5	Affordable meals, Chorizo and egg Breakfeast burrito is awesome, Love the Carne Asada, and Chimichanga's are huge. Sorry Roberto's, I found a new taco shop.
5	The shredded beef chimichanga was awesome! I will bring my whole family back here. I am so excited to have found this place. They even have chicken nuggets on the menu for those picky toddler eaters.
2	Go about 1250 feet south and you'll find a Roberto's that is miles better.
4	It was pretty good ! The carne asada plate was bomb... The meat could have been a little bit more tender but not bad at all.. I are everything lol.. And it's open all might I'll come back sometime when I'm near by
1	The cooks must have not been on there A game,The carne asada burrito tasted undercooked and the meat didn't taste good almost tasted like it's been sitting there for a day, I admit the burrito is decent in size portion in which most people may not eat the whole thing,The prices our decent, not too expensive and not too cheap,We also had a bean burrito which honestly looked disgusting but who cares,  goes in one hole comes out they other ;)However this place gave me and my friend the runs don't know if it was the carne asada burrito or the bean burritoWhich had us feeling disgusting, avoid this placeYour better off eating at chile verde or faustos
4	Really like their sausage breakfast burrito and nachos.  My husband loves their carne asada nachos.  Good service, good food, reasonable prices too.
5	My go-to place for breakfast burritos. I call ahead for two breakfast burritos with just eggs and potatoes and its ready when I get there in about 5-10 min. Almost too much to eat, but after a hard morning workout it really hits the spot. Staff is friendly, too. Definitely recommend this place.
3	Here's my review when it was called Roberto's(why? 'cause it's the same place with a different nameand I don't feel like writing something new):How does this chain place still retain such a local feel?Allow me to count the ways:--  the people working here try talking to me in Spanish (I applaud the effort) and then abruptly stop when I give them my "I don't understand" look.--  each store is set up a little differently: meaning some locations look grungier than others.--  the inconsistency of the food makes you believe they are actually cooking.--  there is no dollar menu, volcano taco, or mascot to promote their food.Overall, Roberto's deserves a 3.5 star,but I have to round them down(even though they've filled my bellymany a time in the wee hours of the night)since the stuff I order is totally greasyand unhealthyand my heart just won'tallow to give them four.*thump thump, thump thump*
1	Las Vegas friends: I don't usually make a fuss and blast a place but sadly my favorite Mexican food Don Tortaco has disappointed me. They failed to put all the food I bought into my bag. I discovered it at home of course. I drive back after a phone call for a refund request produced no results. They apologized, then gave me the food and asked for my card to refund it. They accidentally charged me again, and said they would cancel the transaction. They did not. I get home with the remade food and its terrible, I think on purpose. I have always loved their food and I couldn't eat this. I contacted them several times to talk to the manager to no avail, finally escalated to the area manager. He turned out to be a jerk too. I just wanted the $9.35 back that I was double charged. He told me to file a complaint through my bank. I told him I would make sure I told everyone I know about this poor customer service. I will also take this up with better business bureau. Sad. I also need recommendations for a New Mexican fast food, preferably with a drive thru. Customer service is key, as my friends have been pointing out, there are many other great Mexican food places in Vegas. Also my friends are sharing like crazy on facebook. Don Tortaco listen up! Its about customer service, not just the food.
3	Yelp search produced 3 Don Tortacos within the 5 mile radius, yes they are that popular, and I'll soon know why. This is the closest from my place, a non descript stall in the middle of the compound, and my hunt for a Mexican style street food is on!Two items I had tried so far: the lengua taco which is average but worth a bite; meat is tender but overly moist that it is actually bland, and therefore requires additional seasoning and salsa. On the other hand, the carnitas plate is the "Don King" and I meant it on high regard - 4 1/2 star just for this dish. Both comes with rice and beans and let me just say they are tastefully spot on hmmm hmmm.Why three stars? Because of high marks on food, in slight contrast to the service which is one off that I would expect - on my first visit here, they can't offer me a cup of water because they run out of it, yes, my throat stayed parched from the 100 degree outside. Despite that though, I shall return...
5	Awesome food, very affordable, great services, love there nachos, and there tacos are awesome. Will definitely go back
3	After moving here from LA and living there for 30 years I think I have a sense of a good Mexican spot and this place isn't on top of the list but it isn't the worst. I ordered 10 tacos here. A mixture of all the meats they had available. I was surprised it came out to almost $30 and it was on a Tuesday,. Where's the taco Tuesday love, Don? The tacos were pretty big and I understand why they were almost $3 each. But It was difficult to eat because the tortilla kept coming apart. Usually tacos use double tortilla and these were a single tortilla so I just gave up and ate it with a spoon. I love their sauce bar filled with 2 different sauces (red and green salsa verde), cucumbers, green onions, limes, raddish onions and jalapenos. My opinion is anyone can make and sell tacos but the thing that will seperste you from the competition is the house sauce. If you can make a great sauce I will be forever loyal to you. Their sauce was average, nothing that popped in my opinion. I wanted a kick. A sauce that made your eyes wide open when you poured it on your food and take that first bite while nodding your head in agreement that the sauce has taken you hostage to it's flavor. The good thing is that it's open 24 hours, so if I need a hangover remedy at 3 a.m. I know where to go.
