5	I've driven by this place a few times and finally decided to try it out.  I ordered Bi Bim Bap, since it is my favorite Korean food, and it was top and center on their menu.  Everything about the dish was perfect.  It was probably the most beautifully arranged Bi Bim Bap I've seen, which is rather surprising, as I got it to go.  It had a lot of sesame flavor, and there were a lot of sesame seeds visible on it.  The sauce (gochujong, I'm told) was probably the best chili paste I've ever had.  The dish came with separate containers for rice, gochujong, kimchi, soy sauce, and even came with a side order of miso soup.  Everything was fantastic.The woman who took my order didn't speak any English.  But, all I needed to do to order was point.  The restaurant has a couple bar-type seats, or you can get it to go.  It took about 10 minutes for my food to be made, so it isn't the fastest fast food I've had, but it very well may be the best.
5	Best Korean food I've eaten in Champaign urbana. The price is really cheap too.
5	This place is a little out of the way. I wouldn't have noticed it if I hadn't been walking right by it.The price is on par with the other places on campus. I was a bit skeptical of getting take out Korean, but I decided to go for it.I ordered the Soon Dubu JJigae (Tofu Soup) with pork and kimchi, and was pleasantly surprised. They put the soup in a huge styrofoam container - definitely enough for 2 meals. I loved the pork and the zucchini was a great addition. I'll probably go back soon!
5	I've been here a few times, and I so far haven't tried anything other than the beef bulgogi and the spicy pork bulgogi.  Both are really good!  The spicy pork bulgogi is just the right amount of spicy for me.  You get rice, the bulgogi, a side of kimchi, and miso soup. The place is really small, and doesn't have any atmosphere to speak of, so get it to go.Heads up: they're closed on Mondays.
5	I have been here about 5 times. Every time was amazing. I think they have the best Korean food in the CU area. We have gotten the soon doo boo chigae with kimchi pork, which is spicy and amazing and the dwenjang chigae which is also fabulous. Then I just noticed they had kamchatang (potato and pork soup), which I had been look for all over town. The flavors are spot on, and the kimchi is delish. The prices are competitive with other locations. This is my new favorite spot for Korean food.
4	I don't have much to say about this place.  It's a little hole in the wall on Green St right next to a Jimmy Johns.  It's no frills, basic, cheap, comforting, fast and yummy.
5	I'm very new to Korean food and decided to try K-bowl with a small group. The shop is really small and only had two workers so I was thinking, "Aw, the food will probably be so-so." I was wrong! I ordered the bibimbap which came with rice, miso soup, kimchi, yellow daikon, kimchi, and two sauces. The food was delicious and the presentation was great. My only regret is that I didn't have cash on me to leave a tip. Since they have take out and the price is very reasonable, I will definitely be going back regularly!
3	K-bowl makes a worthy hot stone bowl bi bim bap. It's bare bones and mostly a takeout joint, but there are one or two little tables if you want to slurp up your delicious Korean food right then and there.
5	Great food here. The place is primarily for take-outs. I usually get Budaejjigae or Donkatsu, and never have been disappointed. All items on the menu are pretty cheap too. This is my new favorite go-to Korean place.
1	It was our second time there. It was around 9pm after Illini game last week. Only two of us at that time. I always like Korean beef noodle soup and it was my first time ordering this dish at k bowl. The problem was where we sat, we could see the kitchen. We could see the stove. I saw the female chef cooking my soup and tasting it with a silver spoon. She tasted it with the silver spoon and then put the same spoon back to the soup and stirred it. At least 10 times. She even had the lady from the front to go into the kitchen to make sure the taste was fine. So basically there were two people trying my soup before handing it to me. When they gave me the soup and chef all the sudden came out and informed me that she forgot to put the beef in. So she had to take it back to cook more and taste more. Really? It's such a disaster. K bowl, I really want to like you, but it is not too much to ask to have a dish without your peoples tongues in it. Please respond. Thank you.
5	Champaign's best kept secret! Although completely out of the way for someone living in Urbana, I still make it a point to come here when I have the time. The shop is neatly tucked away in a small plaza and doesn't have a lot of floor and seating space available, but the food more than makes up for it. You get a full meal - rice, miso, pickled vegetables, the sides complement the main dish well. I usually get the spicy chicken bulgogi. Liberal amounts of gochujang paste are used, which gives the chicken and cabbage a rich but not overwhelming spicy and salty character. The spicy pork bulgogi, which looks to be more popular, is probably even better. The katsu is also fantastic and the bibimbap looks appealing. There's plenty to try and plenty of food given each time. I always leave satisfied!
3	Food was ok. The staff was warm. Can use credit card. Some meals (I guess with soup) are only for dine in. I ordered a stew. They made it from scratch, which cost me more than ten minutes to wait. Hope they can improve their cooking procedure.
5	Note - I added the menu pages on the pictures sections, so feel free to reference those!Not a lot of inside seating nor is it super nice on the inside. Just a small little shack-type place in a plaza on the edge of campus. So why 5 stars? Because the Korean food here is as authentic and delicious as it gets. This place is for real. It is essentially run by this Korean lady who knows what she's doing. The stews and soups are excellent here, as is the bibimbap! I love coming here after work. A little taste of Korea right in Urbana.What would I recommend?- dolsot bibimbap (in stone bowl) - a Korean classic. - budejigae - a Korean everything stew- bulgogi - meat. Yes.- spicy pork bulgogi - similar to beef bulgogi, but it's spicy. My personal favorite!- spicy tofu soup (soon dubu) - really flavorful and can be spicy- donkatsu - fried pork cutlet. Yes.
5	It's a small restaurant but the food is super awesome!! The waiters here are really police and kind. Quite a clean nice place. You can find a park space easily, but it is not open on Monday. I really enjoy here.
4	This is a really good lunch spot. Food has always been tasty and isn't too expensive considering quality/quantity. Will be back soon!
5	My favorite dish here is spicy tofu (soondubu) because the broth is very flavorful--even more so than a lot of the chicago places. I was moving my stuff in and only place that was open and not many tables are available but he food simply trumps it all! So I personally like the take out from here. Especially at their reasonable prices, it's the best Korean on campus if not the Illinois area.
5	Superb bibimbap, very good Korean fried chicken. I'd say that the bibambap was the best in the area, whereas the wings / fried chicken take second place only to Star Karaoke. The prices are pretty good, and I'd rate the food better than Arirang, Spoon House, and Woori-Jib, all of which are also on Green Street. Unfortunately it's not the most convenient for students to get to, especially in summer when buses don't come as regularly.
4	Great spot to grab a hot and fresh meal. You pay when you get your food but don't need to bus your own table. Seating is limited and I don't believe they serve alcohol. 5 stars for food, 3 stars for ambiance. I would definitely recommend this place for lunch or take out. We tried the beef bulgogi and the bibimbap. Both were delicious and were served with soup and pickled veggies.
3	i had high expectation for this place (going through all the yelp reviews), but the experience was just so so. I ordered the beef tofu ji gea, and it was pretty much just tofu and kimchi, only a few pieces thinly sliced beef?!  i also got some kimba, they were just okay, nothing too special. But the rice was good, nice quality and very soft. the side dishes are all individually put into little containers ( i got my food carry out) which was nice. i dont know, i may come back this place for something else (the stir fry noodle dish looks pretty yummy) so yeah that's pretty much it :)
5	I've come to K-Bowl many times for the Korean food, and will do so again...it's very good. But other reviewers have covered that. What people may not be aware of is that they also have phenomenal chicken wings. I recommend the plain fried kind...it is definitely the best fried chicken I have had in C-U. It takes a while because it is freshly fried to order. But don't worry, it is worth the wait. It was so good that I had to go back and get it again the next day. I do not understand why this place is not full of people eating fried chicken all the time. Got a friend who's not a fan of Korean food, but you still want to eat together? Get em some fried wings, K-Bowl's got you covered.
5	Probably the best Korean food in Champaign. Source: I'm Korean, listen to me you ignants
5	Authentic, delicious, fresh and well priced Korean food; finally found somewhere worth coming to regularly.
3	This place is very small. The food was okay. Not the greatest tasting food. I ordered seafood spicy soup with soft tofu and it was just okay. Probably won't come back.
3	Wasn't too bad. Don't expect the DIY Korean BBQ; it's very basic service with somewhat authentic dishes to satisfy your taste buds.  I ordered the Bibimbap and it was fresh, however, the amount of beef was less than desirable (about two tablespoonfuls; seriously) so at $9.50, it was overpriced, especially for a hole in the wall.  Also had boneless Kalbi and all I can say is weird, weird, weird.  It was like Korean salisbury steak; two ground up beef rib meat, which is fatty and a strange gravy to top it off.  Also way too over priced at $13.95.  I can get something similar but real ribs at Aloha Grill in Chicago for $7.  Im sure everything else here is ok, just stay away if its more than $10, esp the Kalbi.  Yecchh.
2	I ordered the spicy pork bulgogi ( ) and it tastes nothing like the other ones I've had before. They put so many peppers that the spiciness became bitter. I've been to Korea before so I know what the authentic one tastes like
2	For the price (~$8), I was expecting way more food but the portions were very mediocre. On top of that, the food wasn't that great. Don't think i'll be coming here again.
1	they used to have really good food. I mean, really good. I think its when they just opened (about 2 years ago) i came there pretty much every other day, and had almost everything on the menu. But then this place goes down hill, the portion become smaller and smaller, for the price you paid, it really not worth it. I agree as most people mentioned in the comments, they give really little meat. last time i visit, i ordered the beef fry rice, and there was like 2 pieces of beef. WTH? dont think i will ever come back again.
