3	Stopped by for dinner one night and was pleasantly surprised.  When my choice for dinner (the lobster roll) wasn't available our server suggested the french dip instead.  It was a good suggestion and a great sandwich.  The new england clam chowder was a hit as well.  The atmosphere was good but not great.  Reading other reviews I expected it to knock my socks off but it didn't.  Overall it was a pleasant dinner and I will definitely try it again.
5	Who is John Galt?  Well...For starters, he built this place.Used Rearden metal.
5	When I bring people who have never been to PIttsburgh before to Pittsburgh, here is what we do:We go to the Gandy Dancer and get drinks and get a lite dinner. Gandy Dancer is the definition of casual upscale. Dark, warm, polished....feels comfortable and refined but not pretentious. Their Brie plate is great (if they still have it) as is their fish chowder and their rolls. I haven't had much else but all this treats me well. Then, after drinks, we peek our heads in the Grand Concourse, marvel at it, be glad we did not spend the money to eat *there*. Then, we head up the incline to the top of Mount Washington where we go to the Georgetown Inn and grab an after dinner drink, and marvel at the view.Then we leave.This, is Pittsburgh that I love.
4	Great service, casual and comfortable. Ordered a sampler selection from the raw bar and appetizers, both were fantastic. In fact, they overshadowed our entrees, but I suppose that is quite positive.Worth a visit.
4	Pretty decent saloon. Its very laid back and casual atmosphere. I ate dinner here the previous night. I had a happy hour special dozen and a half blue point mussles, and 5 oyster rockafellers.The mussles were in a garlic wine butter sauce with a bit of orange zest. I couldnt believe the size of these things. Back in Arizona mussles are very tiny, and not much to them. These must have been the steroid treatment version. The meat inside the shells were about the size of my thumb. I ate all of it pretty easily on my own, and still hungry for more.The oyster rockafellers.. I have had better. They forgot to wash one of the oysters it was very gritty and sandy. They had a small wedge of some kind of yellow cheese on top, and I couldnt taste any bacon. The flavor of the oyster itself was quite good, and they too were very large. Mahogony bar, lots of dark woods, its quite upscale for being a "saloon" compared to what Im used to in Arizona anyways.Another good place for an out of town visitor to vist this once train station, converted into a fancy dining hall.
3	Stopped in for happy hour on a Friday. I usually try to avoid the Station Square scene. Too many tourists and parking is horrible.This place reminds me of the bar in Cheers. Very old and tasteful. Everything is wood.  The happy hour drinks specials were limited but priced reasonably. as for the food, you could order off the bar menu or from the entire menu from The Grand Concourse Restaurant which is next door. Kind of odd but it increases your choices. Food was OK. The bar area got very busy later in the evening. Not a place for children or college crowd .
3	The station offers a beautiful atmosphere and, while a bit loud, it works.Entrees were reasonably priced and the food was quite good.I had the seafood jambalaya and my wife had a scallop platter.Drinks were a little pricey, but all in all it was in line with expectations.
4	I came here on Friday night for some good food, but somewhere that I could still sit at the bar (dining solo while out of town for work) and enjoy a drink.  This restaurant/bar was the perfect fit.  Nice upscale atmosphere, but still friendly and casual menu and good prices.  I ordered artichoke and shrimp pasta which came with a side salad but I switched that out for the seafood chowder (which was hot and delicious) which is one of their house specialties.  I enjoyed some good red wine with my meal and topped it off with key lime pie for dessert which was so yummy!!  I would recommend the seafood chowder and pie for sure - I have had better seafood pasta dishes in the past and would probably not get this one again because it was a little underwhelming.Service at the bar was friendly and very fast which I appreciated.  I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a more casual atmosphere than the Grand Concourse restaurant which is right behind it, but doesn't want to settle for a chain which are what most of the restaurants in this area are.
3	I've been here a couple times. One of those places I'd been waiting to wow me. I mean, maybe not wow me, but impress me enough to give them 4 stars to say; YAY! I'm a fan! So, I've been in a couple times... oh wait, did I say that already? Yeah... so....It's okay. I had a Caesar salad that was hearty, with a good amount of dressing and peppery enough. But it was just okay. I tried the fried portobello strips another time, while they were good, again, they were just okay. Next time in, I had a soup and salad. Same Caesar salad, because again, it was a solid choice. I went for the seafood chowder, considering they're mainly a seafood joint. First off, I was expecting it to be the white New England clam chowder. Maybe I should have checked first, but it was the broth based New York chowder. Big chunks of fish, but it may have made it a little too fishy. Ya know what I mean? Again, it was okay. Nothing to rock my seafood loving world. You know what's funny? I'd give it one more try for the oysters. I love me some oysters as of late and have been looking for the right opportunity to pop in. So oyster lovers, chime in here! Any good? Am I wasting my time? I wanna hear!Maybe this will joint will just end up being the only decent spot to have lunch meetings in Station Square. Sad, but true, my friends!
3	Good food. Service and price were less than good so they lose a star for that...
3	My parents used to take me here when I was a kid.  They seemed to favor it for boozing up and hanging out .  There was this jazzy piano player Reid James, I think his name was who used to tickle the ivories in the corner ... was a unique old-school atmosphere ... last time I was here, I had some sea chowder and it was tasty ... the farm-raised oysters were very good from what I recall ... it's on the expensive side, for sure, being in tourist-trap Station Square ...
5	My wife & I stop in here at least once a month for Happy Hour as they have great prices on Draft beer $2.50, well drinks $3.50 and a great selection of appetizers are on special.  They also have 'Buck a Shuck' oysters which we LOVE!  Sit at the Raw Bar and watch them prepare your aps right in front of you.  Mike works Mondays and Nancy does Tuesday thru Saturday.  They're both fun and interesting to talk too...  We will be back... again and again and again...
5	Classy classic, in a row of chains.  In Pittsburgh for a conference with many meals at Sheraton Station Square Hotel.  At end of conference, just wanted to relax in a nice setting. Was so disappointed on first night when I grabbed a meal at the Melting Pot. Tiny portions there and the chain mentality of the servers saying their rehearsed lines. Used Yelp to find Gandy Dancer for last eve and very satisfied.  Sat at bar with nice service from two bartenders. Had a recommended "kettle" meal, jumbalaya with first course house salad, a really nice salad.  Both portions large and beautifully presented.
