5	The official Grand Opening is this Friday, March 21st, but they did a Pre-Grand Opening today as a sneak peak! For future reference Sunday-Thursday they will be open until midnight, and Friday & Saturday until 1am. WOOHOO! =DI am absolutely excited about how we have a Sprinkles in our hometown now! Whenever I would go to CA to visit, I would bring a box of Sprinkle cupcakes back to Vegas, but now I won't need to. There will be a cupcake ATM that will be functioning in a couple weeks, we be prepared to ZOMBIE IT UP to Sprinkles at 3 in the morning to grab that cupcake out of the pink ATM. =)At today's event, we got to taste a couple cupcakes, as well as a scoop of ice cream from their wonderful ice cream bar. 8)I have always been a fan of their cupcakes, so I'm glad I got to satisfy that craving today, but I have never had their ice cream! Until today! I am not a crazy ice cream person, but I have to say that their ice cream is ON POINT! I got to try the red velvet ice cream, I know, I'm so original, and it was great! Not too sweet =). I did get to snag a spoonful of their Captain Crunch ice cream from my friend, and I'm glad I did! It tasted exactly like it should!I was so bummed we couldn't physically buy the cupcakes today yet, but I'll definitely be back in no time. Who knows, maybe I'll see you guys on Friday's grand opening! =DCUPCAKES, CUPCAKES EVERYWHERE!NOW THERE'S COOKIES & ICE CREAM TOO!TRY CAPTAIN CRUNCH ICE CREAM & A RED VELVET CUPCAKE, IF YOU HAVEN'T ALREADY.SMILE.
4	Review based on Sprinkles' invite-only Sneak Peek event on Wednesday, March 19th!I received an e-mail from Sprinkles last week inviting me and a guest for a taste prior to their grand opening. The tasting involved complimentary cupcakes (2) and ice cream. Very exciting!  We arrived approximately 15-20 minutes before the event (2PM-4PM) and there was already quite the line. We were checked off a list and given cupcake and ice cream menus. The event was pretty organized as they allowed a certain amount of people in at one time as to not overcrowd the intimate shop.The boutique is adorable! Bright colors, their script logo, Sprinkles dots, and treats galore. On the left side of their space is the counter to order cupcakes and beverages. The cupcakes are displayed to your right, flavors labeled with wooden blocks. There were also doggie cupcakes ($2.50) and their "store" where you can purchase shirts ($25-40), onesies ($25), cupcake mixes ($14), and a crazy adorable miniature toy replica of a Sprinkles boutique ($16)! On the other side of their boutique is the ice cream counter. There are also two entrances. On the exterior wall, facing O'Sheas, is the very cool Cupcake ATM that is open 24 hours!My guest, Christina, and I bought opted for the Salty Caramel ice cream (one scoop, $3.75) in a Red Velvet waffle cone ($1). I really wanted to try the Coffee Fudge Almond, but they didn't have any! The Salty Caramel was really sweet and much too salty; it was difficult to eat. The Red Velvet cone was delicious! Soft, crunchy, and great flavor. It's a must with your ice cream!We shared four cupcakes ($3.75/each): Chocolate Coconut (Belgian dark chocolate with coconut cream cheese frosting), Ginger Lemon (Spiced ginger cake with lemon cream cheese frosting), Red Velvet, and Strawberry. By the way, I love the wooden utensils with "Sprinkles" etched in their handles! We took these home to enjoy since there are only 4-5 seats and a small table facing outside. The cupcakes were all very moist, but didn't have spectacular flavor. Strawberry was our favorite with the best cake flavor and frosting. Yummy and not overly sweet. I didn't care for the chocolate, ginger, or red velvet cakes. The ginger flavor was just okay and it was difficult to detect lemon in the frosting. The chocolate and red velvet didn't taste like much. I did like the coconut frosting very much. I've had prior experience with Sprinkles cupcakes and they're not my favorite, however, there are certain flavors that I really enjoy. The Strawberry was wonderful and I loved the German Chocolate offered last Fall.FYI: Sprinkles is located next to Brooklyn Bowl, near the High Roller. They're open Sunday thru Wednesday 10AM-12AM and Thursday thru Saturday 10AM-1AM. There is a schedule for their cupcake and ice cream flavors, so if you're looking for something in particular, view their website before your visit!
4	Attended the VIP event the night before the grand opening. All the employees were super excited and couldn't wait to offer the different samples. Capncrunch ice cream is where it's at.
5	Yum!! I've been waiting for Sprinkles to open in Vegas ever since I had them in beverly hills, and I'm glad to report they taste just as good as the original ones! I use to try to curb the cravings with the cupcake stores here but nothing came close to the moist, sweet, and beautiful sprinkles cupcakes.And lucky us we get the ice cream store AND an atm machine as well!
4	I went to Sprinkles on the Grand Opening of the store. I feel so lucky because I thought the store was already opened for a while. I believe I waited in line for about 20 minutes (maybe less). While in line, there are workers waiting to give you the flavors card and to answer any questions. I was there around 2pm (Holly Madison were there to open up the Cupcake ATM). I talked to about 3 employees while in line and the line wasn't even that long. I was able to ask details about the flavors of the cupcake which were helpful. The employees are really nice and helpful. This was my first time going to any Sprinkles Cupcake store. I thought the decoration inside and outside of the building were nice. There is a sitting area outside. Two separate doors; one door for those who want to purchase cupcakes and one door for ice cream ice cream. The cupcake line was long compared to the ice cream line. I really liked the idea of getting the flavor card (I was able to decide what flavors I wanted while I waited). I got 4 cupcakes; Black & White, Strawberry, Lemon Coconut and Vanilla. They have items with or without sprinkles. Each cupcake is $3.75. If you purchase 4 cupcakes, the price is $15. They also sell the cupcakes in a dozen, which is $24 (I think). Before the employee takes your order, there is a glass case featuring items they sell for that day (The flavor card also tells you what items are sold for that day so you don't get your hopes up). I love that the cake is not too sweet and it is soft and moist. There isn't a lot of frosting on top like other cupcake places also. My favorite flavor is the Lemon Coconut; lemon cake and coconut frosting both have a balanced flavor; none of the flavors were overpowering (loved it so much)! If you love lemon, this is a MUST TRY. I also love that the flavors aren't overpowering but you know that it's there. Perfect cupcake. I rarely say this about any cupcake or dessert place since I bake and I don't like my desserts too sweet. They have cute wooden spoons and knives that you can get before you leave the store (LOVEEE IT!). They also sell cupcake mix and t-shirts. I was thinking of getting their cupcake mix while in line but found out quickly that each mix is $15. I guess it makes sense since Sprinkles is pretty much a brand name. I decided against the cupcake mix. I parked at the Flamingo Casino for free which isn't a far walk to get to The Linq. I am not sure if The Linq has their own parking garage/lot. They accept credit cards like most Las Vegas locations. They accept Amex.
2	Ok, it must get better over time. (I hope)! Grand opening, and the place wasn't too packed. Got my red velvet, chai latte, lemon meringue, triple cinnamon, and vanilla. All were way too dry, and lacked flavor with the exception of the lemon. But still way to dry! They must've baked way too many and had them sit out way too long. That's what I get for going to their grand opening. I just pray this isn't what to expect in the future, as I will just stick to their ice cream.
5	Sprinkles is officially open!I was able to go to their sneak peek this past Wednesday as someone's guest and we were able to get four free cupcakes and two free scoops of ice cream.The outside of Sprinkles is so cute and I love that a Cupcake ATM exists. I definitely plan to make my way there during after hours for cupcakes. Just take my money!The inside of Sprinkles is just as cute and I love that it's stated on the wall by the cupcake area that they donate to local charities and food banks. Go you, Sprinkles!I got vanilla bean and salty caramel for ice cream flavors. They were both really good, though I had to cut the salty caramel bite with a vanilla bean bite to balance it out, but I knew that ahead of time which is why I got both flavors.The cupcakes I got were vanilla milk chocolate, peanut butter chocolate, chocolate marshmallow, and cinnamon sugar. With each bite I took, I was in cupcake heaven. I think chocolate marshmallow is my favorite of the four, but I think I'll have to repeat this experiment further. You know, for science.Tip: Double check what cupcake or ice cream flavors are available because not every flavor is available every day. As an example, orange cupcake is only available on Tuesdays.
5	Download the Free Sprinkles App for the cupcake menu.  It tells which flavors are available each day.  Some flavors are only available on certain days of the week.Welcome to Las Vegas Sprinkles!
3	With band playing next door and the ordering system is so chaotic.  Maybe try this place again when it isnt so busy
5	Best cupcakes in LV! I ordered the cupcake sundae: cupcake: red velvet ice cream: salted carmel. So they serve it in a cup cut the cupcake in half and serve the ice cream in the middle. Very interesting and tasty!
1	Definitely a disappointment.  If i could rate less than one star i would. The cupcake had no real flavor. The ice cream that's "brought in daily" from Beverly Hills tasted just like grocery store ice cream. The worst $$ I have spent by far in quite a while.   I am not exactly sure what the whole allure of this place is after visiting.  Will not be recommending guests to go here.
4	Perfect on a cheat day! I was so excited to see a Sprinkles open in Las Vegas! Customer service is as good as it gets. Someone was outside holding the door open and directing the cupcake side vs. the ice cream side. The workers were so friendly, speedy, and efficient to get my order. I ended up getting the $15 for 4 and got chocolate coconut, chocolate marshmallow, red velvet, and vanilla. All of them were so good! Not too sweet and sugary, but very moist. It is a little pricey for cupcakes, but remember, you're paying for quality! They use the freshest of ingredients and bake in small batches. Coming here everyday to taste all their flavors!!!
4	I got a Sprinkles Sundae: black & white cupcake with Cap'n Crunch ice cream. I had never had their cupcakes before so I wasn't sure what to expect. I thought the frosting was too sugary and wish I would have got the red velvet cupcake instead, however the Cap'n Crunch ice cream was absolutely AMAZING! I sampled the banana ice cream and that was good too. There was a blood Orange sorbet that also looked tempting. They only have certain flavors a on certain days so that's a little rough if you have a favorite. The late night hours and location in the Linq are great, but the actual ordering system is a little unruly and chaotic which was frustrating but once you finally get your treat all is well in the world again! It's right across from Ghiradelli but I don't think there will be much competition :-)
4	Frankly, I don't even know about all the hype or the national fame or whatever. I just went here on a friend's recommendation (and with a bunch of other people, but that's not so relevant).Sprinkles is next to a plaza of sorts within the Linq. I think the easiest parking is probably the giant outdoor lot on Winnick Rd. off Koval, and when you walk through that end of the Linq, you'll get a good view of the giant ferris wheel. The store is pretty nicely decorated, brightly lit, and clean so far.Aside from just following up on the recommendation, the crux of my visit was to capitalize on a sort of BOGO offer: buy a Cuban coffee cupcake ($3.75, standard price), whisper a secret passphrase (out of respect and because this is time-limited, I'll just say that it's on the national Sprinkles Facebook page), and get any other cupcake free. I chose dark chocolate on aforementioned friend's recommendation.Funny thing about a place named Sprinkles. They never asked me whether I wanted sprinkles on my cupcake. Only later did I learn that not only do the sprinkles not come by default (even though they're free), but the dark chocolate cupcake may be even better with the sprinkles, which are apparently more like flakes. Also, it seems that it's not the same person who takes your order as the one who takes payment, so I had to do that passphrase thing twice, which speaks to more communication issues.But let's end this on a positive trend: if you have a sweet tooth, you will love these guys. Cuban coffee was delicious, with the coffee flavor concentrated in the lovely frosting. Dark chocolate was also great, and definitely not too sweet (at least in the non-sprinkle form). And I got to try a bit of a lemon cupcake which was just vibrant with flavor. Good times.
4	I dragged my friend with me to the sneak peek event because I got invited. I was so excited to get in there to taste cupcakes and ice cream!! It must be one of their smallest locations; it's at one corner of a building with barely any seating. I can just imagine customers lining up the block just to get a SAMPLE of their sweets!! Just know, this is the first time I have ever tried Sprinkles! It was a little overpriced, but that was expected, knowing that they were a famous cupcake/ice cream brand! But let's talk about the food: Cupcakes: The cake itself was soft and moist. It was a good color, just like a cupcake should be. However, the taste was not as flavorful as I would have thought it to be. I tasted red velvet and chocolate marshmallow; and I'm pretty sure that I have made a better tasting batter at home. Red velvet wasn't as bad, but taste still fell short. The frosting was a COMPLETELY different story! It wasn't too sweet and was absolutely delicious!!! It was just always spot-on with excellent flavor. Lastly, don't eat that little edible logo. It's gross. lol. But I do like the idea in their simplicity in design! Kudos. Ice Cream: Sadly, I didn't get to taste any cookies, but I got to taste two flavors of ice cream: Red velvet and Cap'n Crunch. The red velvet was just okay, It was like a cake-flavored white ice cream with pieces of red velvet cake inside. The Cap'n Crunch doeee. It was crazy, crazy delicious. It's the flavor of your dreams!! TRY IT. It will make your life. It's more of a buttery, white/yellow ice cream with pieces of the famous cereal crunchin' inside your mouth. Overall, it was a good morning for eating sweets and I will definitely come back for that ice cream! And possibly use the new 24/7 cupcake ATM once it gets up and working to taste those other cupcakes! I'll be back :)
5	I am SOOOOOO excited about this new Sprinkles location. I've been telling all my Las Vegas friends how much I miss living in the Bay Area near the Palo Alto sprinkles and now I don't have to anymore!! Also very excited about the ice cream situation here and the Cupcake ATM! The Linq is definitely worth walking through and make sure you save time for a cupcake
5	I vividly remember my first bite of their red velvet cupcake 8 years ago at their Beverly Hills location.  I'd never had cupcake like that before or since.  There have been copycats sneaking their way into Las Vegas over the years with mixed results and never living up to Sprinkles for me.  They finally made it and I am psyched!  Yeah so 6 cupcakes costs $22.50.  I was surprised when the cashier asked me if those were for here or to go but then I saw a guy with 6 of them at a table by himself.  Damn, dude.We ordered 3 red velvet, a peanut butter chip, lemon meringue and black & white.  Those other 3 were nice and all but it's all about the red velvet.  The cake was perfectly moist and the frosting is like no other.  Funny how they put the takeout box into a resealable plastic bag...like drugs.  I am sure Sprinkles is well aware of their addictive qualities.Even the line on Sunday at 11pm was about 15 minutes.  Looking forward to giving the cupcake ATM a whirl when the line is an hour plus.
4	Sprinkles is at The Linq (between the Flamingo and the Quad). Cupcakes are $3.75 each and an additional 50 cents if you want it in a box instead of a wax bag. They have more than one door. The left is cupcakes only while the right side is both cupcakes and ice cream. They have prices and flavors posted and only offer certain flavors on different days of the week. You can check their website or download the Sprinkles app to find out what flavors they have that day. I just went to the cupcake side on this visit, but plan on trying the ice cream in the future.  I ordered a "Doggie Cupcake" priced at $2.50 that is sugar-free and has a yogurt frosting. It had a cute little orange bone on top. My dog, Brownie loved it! She licked the top off first and then ate the rest. I had a "Lemon Meringue" that was very good. The lemon cake had graham cracker lining and delicious tasting lemon curd in the middle. The top had toasted marshmallow that was good, but had a chewy outer layer that was tough to eat, so that was all that was left of the cupcake I didn't finish. They have tables and chairs outside of the store. As I was sitting there eating my cupcake, Candace Nelson the founder of Sprinkles came outside to greet customers. She was very sweet and signed autographs and took pictures with people, including myself! They have a decent amount of tables and chairs outside, but they were pretty filled up and the inside of the store was busy yet the line moved along smoothly. There is a cupcake ATM outside (near the ice cream side) on the patio and it's open 24 hours. The cupcakes are still $3.75 each, but come boxed so you have to pay the extra 50 cents. Hubby had a strawberry cupcake that I tried a bite of and liked, so I got one of those from the cupcake ATM to see how it worked. The ATM is user friendly and the screen allows you to see your cupcake coming to you from inside the store to when the door lifts open on the ATM revealing a pink box. I thought it was cool and even though the store is open late, it is neat knowing you can get a Sprinkles cupcake at any hour. Hours:Sunday - Wednesday 10 am to 12 amThursday - Saturday 10 am to 1 am
3	I have heard so many things about this place... and maybe that made my expectations extremely high... and it didn't live up to that expectation. Tried 4 flavors - Red Velvet, Orange, Lemon Coconut, and Cuban Coffee. Now I have to let you know, I  LOOOOVVVEE me some sweets. I love all things sugary and I enjoy baking as well as discovering all wonderful bakeries. These cupcakes had a simple presentation. The cake was moist, but it was not outstanding. 4 cupcakes for $15. Of the 4, my favorite was the Cuban Coffee. I really really wanted to love the red velvet, because I love red velvet, but I didn't. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't great. The frosting was very sugary.. like hard-shell.Maybe I will try the ice cream next time.The location is nice though. Picked up the cupcakes here. Grabbed coffee across the street at Ghiradelli, and sat outside by the fountain on a beautiful afternoon.
3	I watch Candice Nelson on Cupcake Wars all the time and knowing she opened the "world's first cupcake bakery" I had to check this place out once it opened at the Linq. Never having Sprinkles before, I did come in with high expectations due to all the hype. Bought the cuban coffee, black&white, red velvet, and coconut cupcakes. I really wanted to love them but they were just okay, in my opinion. Out of the 4, the cuban coffee was the one that stood out the most but the others faded in the background. I'd honestly prefer to go to nothing bundt cakes.If anything, their ice cream caught the attention of my taste buds. Capn' crunch and red velvet are must try's. The red velvet cone was too sweet for my liking although visually appealing for photos.I will say that staff here is top notch. I don't know if they're high on sugar, but everyone here is extremely friendly, peppy, and approachable. I wouldn't go out of my way, but if in the area, it's a place to stop by and check out.
2	Three stars because their cupcakes are delicious but spending $3.75 for one regular sized cupcake is ridiculous!I had bought one of each to try them over a few days. My favorite was the lemon meringue. My least favorite was the cinnamon sugar. The lemon meringue was worth the $3.75. It took a lot of effort and creativity to come up with that one. The cinnamon sugar was basically a muffin. Don't be fooled when you look at this one it does not have frosting!!! A cupcake has frosting! This highly disappointing muffin is nothing special at all! I'll be back but not often!
4	I Honeslty would go here EVERYDAY if I lived within a 5 miles radius of them. I traveled 14 miles just for 4 cupcakes and that should tell you something! THEYRE DELICIOUS. I've had some pretty good cupcakes in my life and when I say this is the best cupcake ever IT IS. Go try them and you WONT regret it.... Unless you're on a diet
4	I had the black and white cupcake which was delicious! Wish I had time to try some more! The only reason I only gave 4 stars is because the wait can be very long! My friend got a milkshake and waited a good 15 minutes! Besides that everything tasted great! :)
3	This place is just a HYPE. I repeat this place is just a HYPE! Isn't it crazy how the public can influence our decisions?! Service was pretty good. We had to stand outside and wait to be let in. The wait was around 5 mins so it wasn't bad. Before we got in an employee talked to us and gave us a menu. Once we got in we made our order and it was simple. The thing that thew me off was that the cashier asked me if I have been there before and when I said no she was SHOCKED. Like um didn't you guys JUST open up this shop? And hellooooo it's the first sprinkles cupcakes in Las Vegas lol. As for the cupcakes they were just blah. Nothing special at all! I got a lemon meringue and the topping was marshmallow. Last time I checked meringue was egg whites! The 5 other cup cakes I got aren't even worth talking about.
4	My waistline is gonna expand!!!I'll keep this short!You like cupcakes or ice cream? Then Sprinkles is the place on the strip to head full steam too!! After my first bite into a chocolate cupcake my mouth nearly exploded!!I wanted to get one of everything but after eating dinner I was pretty full. Everyone else around me was raving about the other flavors. Hey also try the cupcake ATM! Yep ATM!A strong 4stars for sure
1	This cupcake place simply sucks. You have to wait to get in, but once you taste the cupcakes they are horrible. The cake has no flavor and lacks something.  The toppings make it appealing until you taste the whole cupcake.  I tossed the cupcake I bought for lack of flavor, my kids also got rid of theirs.
5	OMG! Okay what is there not to love! Cupcakes, ice cream, and cupcakes with ice cream?!!!! Let me have two in that case! If you have a sweet tooth, you have to try this place out! Once you arrive, there is someone at the door to greet you and direct you to the correct door to purchase your sweets. They allow you to taste two flavors on the ice cream while you're inside. They have a cupcake ATM on the outside by their tables. The tables have a great view of the fountains. So if you want to enjoy a sweet spot with others or by yourself, I would say stop by and grab something yummy! I tried the red velvet cone with red velvet ice cream and it was AMAZING!
2	I was so excited to try Sprinkle's, and unfortunately these cupcakes did not live up to the hype.  I ordered a chocolate on chocolate cupcake, it was crumbly/dry inside and basically had a similar flavor to a box cake mix.I gave 2 stars because the ice cream was great!  Loved the capt crunch flavor, yum!!!!  We also tried the snicker doodles, and they didn't disappoint .The ordering system is nonsense, one area for cupcake only and another for cupcake, ice cream, cookies.  Why not just have one area for all of it?The employees were friendly but it seemed like they were extremely over staffed in the cupcake section.
2	I love sprinkles but holy moly is this a poorly designed store. Customers have no idea where to go, for the ice cream flavors are by the exit so you have to try to reach over the people paying to grab a menu a rope and maybe an employee giving menus would work. Second complaint, tons of workers and only 2 people ahead of me yet it took over 15 mins to get them, the ice cream line was a bit better. Instead of doing a good job employees just kept apologizing for their screw ups. Cupcakes great as usual, will just use ATM from now on if I ever go to this one again.
4	Items Selected:Red Velvet - Cream Cheese FrostingCuban Coffee - Light Chocolate Cake, Coffee Frosting, Cinnamon, CocoaTriple Cinnamon - Buttermilk Cake, Cinnamon Cream Cheese Frosting, Cinnamon SugarSalty Caramel Ice Cream - House Made Caramel, Fleur de SelChocolate Chip CookiePeanut Butter Pretzel Chip CookieSalted Oatmeal Cornflake CookieSnickerdoodleHaving first visited Sprinkles when it was a single shop in Beverley Hills as far back as January 2007 and watching the brand, its portfolio, and its prices grow while portions have shrunk I was admittedly curious to see how the hour-long waits of old would translate to a supersized store in The Linq, a Saturday morning visit just after opening mitigating any queue and a sizable order proving that the brand has actually aged well.  Friendly in service and large in footprint with ice cream to the right, cupcakes to the left, and the ever popular (and hilariously confusing to Euro-tourists looking for cash) ATM outdoors it was to the tune of $27 that an order of three cakes, four cookies, and a scoop of ice cream...plus several tastes...were procured and taking a wobbly seat beneath the boom of Beyonce followed by Bee-Gee's the indulgence began.  Starting off with a cookie sandwich, crafted carefully with intense caramel ice cream flecked with crunchy salt between two subtly spiced cookies, and then moving to the stunning peanut butter/pretzel amalgam plus a slightly oversalted chocolate chip it was with an early sugar buzz that attention next turned to Sprinkles' mainstays; each of the $4.25 cupcakes featuring a moist yet light base with subtlety serving to balance intense frostings - the triple cinnamon particularly impressive even if it was the Red Velvet that spawned an empire.  Typically favoring a more dense crumb and higher frosting-to-cake ratio suffice it to say that although originally a skeptic I've little doubt that this will not be my last stop at Sprinkles and while still not the best in the city (or even on the strip) both the Carrot Cake and a "Sprinkles Sundae" are calling my name.
5	Omg I seriously am in heaven!  I must be on another planet because I never heard if this place.  I was with my niece and she was puzzled as to how a person with a sweet tooth knows nothing about Sprinkles.Well now that I'm introduced to this, I'm in trouble.  My niece is from LA and she said everything is good but us locals are luckier because we have an ice cream section.  Ummm, that's what I'm here for, ice cream!  It was our lucky day because there was no line at all.  We were able to taste test some ice cream and we asked what was a crowd favorite. It was a decision between the cupcake sundae or the cookie sandwich.  I saw cupcake and ice cream, so I was sold.  You pick the ice cream and cupcake that is available for the day, and voila, your masterpiece that will last you about 10 glorious minutes or less.  By the way we shared ours and were sweet tooth satisfied.  We combined dark chocolate cupcake with red velvet ice cream.  They cut the cupcake, layer it at the bottom, then the ice cream which had red velvet cake crumbs in it too, then the top of the cupcake top, on the top.  MmmmmMmmm.  I'm drooling about it just writing about it.  Oh and don't forget your handy Cupcake ATM located outside the shop in saw there is a long line.  It's quite nice they have their own seating area too.  If you're not here, what are you doing, we all scream for ice cream!
5	bought a 6 pack consisted of a red velvet, lemon meringue, black & white, milk chocolate, Cuban coffee and strawberry. Cupcakes were all very good, moist and not too sweet. I also got a scoop of captain crunch ice cream on a red velvet waffle cone because 6 cupcakes wasn't enough right?! Lol. Desserts were good, staff was friendly and helpful. I never heard of sprinkles before so I'm not biased of the hype put upon them but they do certainly have good treats!
5	Oh how I love Sprinkles...whenever we're in a city that has a Sprinkles, we go!  I had to coerce my boyfriend to go but he finally gave in :) A great cupcake was had as well as a happy girlfriend.  I recommend the Strawberry or other fruit flavors, they are the best!  Hurry and open a Seattle location!
4	You've probably heard by now that you can purchase cupcakes via an ATM. This comes in handy not only because the line is really long normally, but it's really cool!You'll pay a $3-5 per item using the ATM, but the cookie I had was pretty close to warranting that price. I think the coolness factor is really high, but  I don't plan on parking my car at the Quad and walking through the LINQ.
5	Very friendly staff, easy to read menu, extremely clean, fast service, and AMAZING CUPCAKES. If the strip wasn't such a pain in the a** to get to, I would go to Sprinkles every single day for their awesome gluten free cupcakes.
5	They had a red velvet cupcake that was Gluten Free so I had to try. It was good, there was a letter G on top, which I guess was to signify gluten-free. Customer service was great so I'm hoping the next time they'll have more options for me.
4	Came here to whisper the "secret phrase" found on Facebook for a free cupcake.  Thinking this would be a quick process, I left my party at Yardhouse to see if the secret phrase would work.  There was a line of about 3 people ahead of me so I decided to wait.  While the couple in front of me was ordering, I figured the next available rep could assist me, she said she could assist but couldn't box up my order, either another supervisor or manager said she could glove up and assist so I told her the secret phrase of the day and she gave me a free cupcake.  The process still took longer than I thought, this may be because they are still a brand new business and are still in the learning stage?  I've past by Sprinkles over several different occasions and seeing the line is a just a turn off for me, the line starts outside and continues inside.  I think after my last experience and waiting a long time for 1 cupcake with only 3 people ahead of me makes me not even think twice about waiting again.  The cupcake was delicious (it was the chai latte) and tasted just like a chai latte with a cream cheese frosting, not overly sweet.  I also like how they serve ice cream as well which I've never seen at any other Sprinkles location.  I will still come back, I just would not want to wait in a long line with stanchions set up like you're getting ready to go into a club, I understand waiting for things that are in high demand, but these are cupcakes and they're already made,cupcakes are one of those things like ice cream and cookies, once you see it you want or instantly.  I'll try the cupcake ATM, maybe that'll be more my style, fast cupcakes right away!  *great location, lots of restaurants/bars around and Sprinkles is a great way to end the day/night.
2	I am a big fan of Candace Nelson of Cupcake Wars. So when I heard this place was opened, I made a beeline for Sprinkles. The store was very nice & clean. They have this awesome Cupcake ATM on the outside. My daughter got the Vanilla on Vanilla and I got the Red Velvet. The cake was moist but that's where it ends. The red Velvet didn't have any taste whatsoever...NONE...ZERO...The icing was like a hard fondant. Not good. My 13 yr old daughter loved her vanilla. I tasted it after the cashier hyped it up so much. Once again, nothing special. I honestly prefer Nothing Bundt Cakes. Big Let Down! Try it & see if you like it but if not, venture down to CupKate's at Container Park, they are worth the visit.
2	A little overrated but still delicious.Their set up is a little confusing.  They have two different doors, one side for cupcakes and the other, for ice cream.  Every time I went, they had people standing outside, in attempt to answer questions/direct you into the right door. I like the concept but didn't like the execution. I was honestly a little intimidated. I felt like they were very nicely attacking me with flavor menus. It also felt a little awkward because I'm used to walking by a store front and going in on my own terms. I knew going to the Linq that Sprinkles was on my must try list but when I actually got there, I felt pressured to go in. Anyways, the ice cream is delicious. My first time there, they recommended the cookie ice cream sandwich. You order first, then wrap around to the other end, pay, and wait for the goods.  While I was waiting, I couldn't help but notice there were flies landing on the cookies/brownies sitting in the window they had. I'm by no means a germaphobe but felt very disgusted. I kept watching the flies to make sure they didn't go near the cookies I chose; and honestly, in my mind, they probably already have... I just didn't wanna admit it.Everything is a bit overpriced here but I expected that. I'm not a HUGE fan of cupcakes. I only tried a couple bites from my friends. Pretty good but their frosting is a little sweet. Totally biased on my end though... Lost my sweet tooth years ago.I hope this review doesn't garner hate or offend anyone. I was turned off during my first visit with the whole fly thing but I have gone back twice since then (didn't notice any flies the last two times). I'm still a fan... just not super impressed.
4	Located in the new Linq, this is the most glamorous looking Sprinkles location with lots of pretty neon lights. The line is shorter than the Beverly Hills location. My favorites are red velvet, strawberry, and cinnamon (this one has no frosting). Definitely try a cupcake if you haven't yet.
2	I'm pretty easy to impress - I love to give good reviews! This place though, kind of a let down. The cupcake was OK, probably 3 stars... But the order and payment process was a joke. The cupcakes are right there, hand me one and take my 4 dollars!!! Rather than this simple concept which most bakeries, coffee shops, and every other type of retailer have mastered... you order, they write it down (meanwhile the cupcake is still right there).. They take the order in the back (not sure what happens there), then return, grab the cupcake (still one foot from where you are standing), and place it on the back counter. At that point you wait about 3-5 minutes while the 1 cashier catches up, grabs the cupcake, and finally takes your payment. It wasn't just us... Everyone in the store was just standing around asking what was going on... Very strange. And sorry, for $4 the cupcake should be amazing. It just wasn't.
5	Bridget is amazing!! I love Sprinkles, and while in Vegas yesterday I came in desperate for a peanut butter chip cupcake. I was crushed when I saw that they were sold out. Bridget kept me posted on when the next batch would come out, and even set aside some for me for when I came back from dinner! I was blown away by how sweet she was and how she went out of her way for me! I'm definitely coming back the next time I'm in Vegas!
5	Brand new.   Multiple favors of the most moist cupcakes you could have.   4 types of cookies.  All of this to die for.  There is usually a line.  Service is fast though if the people in front of you could just make a choice.   Prices are not cheap but well worth it.   If in a rush look on the side of building by the tables and chairs there is a cup cake ATM.  Yes folks a cupcake ATM.  Give it a try.
4	Great service,  so many choices.  Even a doggy cup cake.  My only wish is a gluten free cup cake option and more then one non dairy sorbet.  Either way my husband loved his red velvet cup cake with captain crunch ice cream and my strawberry sorbet was Delish.
5	Anyone that knows me knows how much i love cupcakes! Ive come here numerous times since the opening because Ive always been a HUGE fan of the Sprinkles in Beverly Hills. And to top off my luck, they have Gluten Free and Vegan Red Velvet cupcakes!! they are so amazing. literally melt in your mouth. The employees here are always so sweet also. Whenever your at the Linq, you have the come here for dessert!
5	These cupcakes are delicious and you can tell that quality ingredients are used. There is a reason for the line, they are good cupcakes and worth it and if you don't want to wait in line then go to the atm. Just get there early enough to get the kind of cupcake you like. I had the vanilla and chocolate coconut and it was heavenly. My husband who is not really a cupcake fan loved them too. So if you need a really good cupcake fix and you come here, you wont be disappointed.
3	Not much of a sweets fan but considering it was a highly anticipated and popular place to pop up, which branches in LA and NY, ... why not? lets try it !My friend had gotten the Red Velvet. Prior to this place, our favorite was from a local bakery called Mad Hatters. Their cupcakes are about $4 ea, with a discount if bought in 1/2 or full dozen quantities. Despite the frosting being a bit sweet and a little hard, especially the candy cupcake topping (ours was a bunny), the cake portion of the cupcake is incredibly moist and flavorful. Something different about this specific place is they have a cupcake ATM outside. I believe their may be an additional charge (price comparison to purchasing inside, difference of maybe 50 cents - entertainment charge? haha). Select cupcake on the touch screen and out it comes like an ATM. Fun to watch XD Especially those who are trying to take a picture when the door opens, and it closes before they get to grab the cupcake. They freak out but somehow they are able to open the door again =X lol Little unique side note is their utensils are wooden vs the usual plastic. Outdoor seating next to the water fountains. Good to sit and relax on a nice day (had a little breeze but was still hot Q_Q)
4	Had a ice cream sandwich. Snicker doodle with cap'n crunch. I liked the overall feel of the place they had a cupcake ATM which I thought was adorable. I heard the cupcakes were good going to have to try them on my next time round. Overall pretty impressed with the quality of the ice cream and the flavor variety definitely a spot I would check out again.
5	Sought out this place once the wife and I found out they were putting a store here in Vegas.  I tell you what.  The hype is real on this joint.  At least for the red velvet cupcake anyway.  My wife really enjoyed the dark chocolate cupcake.  The only thing that seemed pretentious about it was that they made us wait in line outside so as not to crowd the joint.
5	Service was very friendly and helpful! Ice cream was delicious and  the cupcakes were moist and fresh.Highly recommended!
3	Hard to find and not too many choices. I ended up getting red velvet, cinnamon sugar, vanilla, and coconut cupcakes. $15 for 4 cupcakes, pricey in my opinion. Don't get the cinnamon sugar or red velvet, nothing special. Tasted like I could've gotten them from Albertsons. The cinnamon sugar doesn't even have frosting, it's just a muffin rolled around in cinnamon which I thought was disappointing. The coconut and vanilla were decent, the cake was moist and the flavors were stronger. All in all, I wouldn't come back to this place.
3	Over Rated! this place is hyped up. The ice cream was just okay. i got the captain crunch not that great. The line is ridiculous not worth the wait in my opinion. Great customer service though, all the ladies behind the counter were super nice and helpful!
4	Decided to drive to the wind tunnel... I mean... the Linq on Sunday night just to get a cupcake from the Sprinkles Cupcake ATM. As a fan of both speed and tasty treats.... the ATM delivers exactly what I'm looking for.Ordered the Red Velvet cupcake and enjoyed it. Not the best cupcake I've ever had but it was good and baked perfectly. At $4+ a cupcake, it's not highway robbery considering they are on the Strip (and compared to other spots at the Linq).Sprinkles is worth the stop... there was a long line out front but barely any line at the ATM. I'm sure I'll make this a regular stop when I'm at the Linq and look forward to trying more flavors.
3	Average cupcake. Honestly, it didn't taste the freshest. Top heavy, as are most cupcakes. I went right at opening, so I didn't have to wait in line, but I can see why the lines build up as the staff does not seem to be the most efficient. If I happen to be in the area with company, maybe I'd get another cupcake, but for the most part, it's just worth it. Not worth the price or the calories.
2	I don't get the hype. I took Hunnie Bunnie here for a treat so we could both try out the new cupcake in town. I wasn't impressed. I didn't know there was a cupcake schedule so the cupcakes I actually wanted to order weren't available on Friday. We opted for Red Velvet and the Black and White. No bells and whistles went off for me and at almost $4 a pop I should have experienced SOMETHING!! I would like to go back and try the Carrot Cake though and see if that's any better, since that's what I originally wanted to try, but I'm not a fan of their frosting at all. I don't find it soft enough or sweet enough. I haven't been to the Cupcakery in YEARS but I can still remember how indulgent and AMAZING their cupcakes were, especially compared to this place!
2	Another highly overrated California transplant comes to Vegas.  Cupcakes are good but certainly NOT worth the price charged for them...LOCALS stick to Freeds...we know better.Ice Cream was pretty good had Cap'n Crunch in a waffle Cone...the amount of ice cream didn't even come to the rim of the of the cone.  This for almost 5 bucks...once again go ahead and soak the tourists but locals know better.Very confusing when you walk through the door.  i guess it is a nice place to take someone coming to town but not worth a trip down to the strip specifically.
3	Hmm... when I had my first Sprinkles in L.A., I was happy.  I had a dark chocolate and I really felt like it was divine.  So, since I had moved to Vegas, I was super happy Sprinkles was coming to town.  I ordered a chocolate marshmallow this time and my friend gets the dark chocolate.  Mine was a disappointment and my friend's was a little burnt on the bottom.  I still gave them 3 stars because my dogs LOVED their cupcakes and for all the Saturday night craziness, the service was really good.  If you like cupcakes, try it out and see for yourself.  (And if you have a dog, get one for him/her, too.  It will be appreciated!)
2	I don't understand all the hype. Maybe I had high expectations, after all I am a regular at The Cupcakery! But anyway, I had the red velvet & the triple cinnamon cupcakes. The red velvet was not impressive to me, the frosting was too sweet and the cake itself just lacked flavor. I will say that the cinnamon one was pretty delicious though! Service was good but overall it's not a place I would seek out if I were in need of sugar. Maybe next time I'll try the ice cream, which I hear is a better option!
4	Okay, so the first time I've ever heard of Sprinkles is when it opened in Las Vegas. I know, I know, I'm "deprived" or whatever you'd like to call it. Anyways, I went to the Linq with two of my friends with the intention of trying Sprinkles for the first time! Whenever I go to a popular cupcake place, if they have red velvet ... then that will be the flavor I'll be trying. It also helps that people rave about it. First off, they kind of have a "schedule" of flavors for the cupcakes. Certain flavors of cupcakes are only available certain days of the week. There are a few, however, that are available all the time, which includes their red velvet and vanilla I believe. So if there's a certain flavor you want to try, make sure to check their schedule!Each cupcake is $3.75, which seems normal (kind of....) for one of these popular cupcakeries. What's great is that they even have a mini cupcake treat available for you to buy for your dog for $2.50. My friend actually bought one for her doggie :) Awwww. Also love the fact that the plate they give you and the fork/knife are all wooden! It's cute and eco-friendly! When I first took a bite of the red velvet, I'll admit ... it wasn't heaven. BUT it was really good. The cake was really moist and flavorful. The frosting was really sweet and heavy, but that is what you expect from a cream cheese frosting. Sprinkles is probably one of the few places that could make a red velvet cupcake correctly. I've tried a lot of different ones and not all are as moist as Sprinkles so yay!Now I'm a little interested in how their Strawberry cupcake tastes like. I had considered getting one but ... I wasn't sure if I could finish it or if my friends wanted to help me finish it booooThey also have a "Cupcake ATM" outside. From what I heard, it's supposed to be 24 hours? You can order their cupcakes and/or cookies from it. However, the prices of the cupcakes, from what I noticed, is about 50 cents more expensive. I guess because it's 24 hours? Or the novelty of it? If it weren't for the fact that it's on the strip, I would go to Sprinkles more often. Alas, for me, it's not worth the trouble.
3	Ice cream and cup cakes as a destination eatery seems some what odd to me but I'll go with it.  Waiting in line for an inordinate amount of time appears to be part of the appeal.  As is paying a little extra and contemplating getting your dog a $3 mini cupcake is part of the experience.  The ice cream is nothing special except perhaps being limited to only certain flavors as some are not available on certain days and others run out as the day goes on.  The cupcakes are about the same unless you want the experience of ordering a cupcake ATM style.  The cupcake ATM is by the chairs outside and does draw a lot of picture taking.  A triple scoop sundae and 4 cupcakes for $25.55 plus tip and 20 minutes of waiting is not bad.  There are people to watch in the Quad and that was probably the best part of this experience that you don't bring with you. Enjoy.
4	Came here the other night after the Naked & Famous concert at the Brooklyn Bowl. I love how it was still open too. I tried Sprinkles before in La Jolla and wasn't find of the red velvet cupcake but I am willing to give them another shot with their other flavors. When we came in weren't anymore cupcakes (except for maybe like one flavor) so me and my friends went for the ice cream. They serve different flavors most days. I know everyone been hyping up the red velvet ice cream paired with the red velvet cone but I just wasn't feeling red velvet that night. Luckily they had pistachio so I ordered a scoop of that in a cup. My friends ordered coffee flavor and the red velvet. ALL of them were good. The coffee flavor was strong but delicious. The red velvet had bits of cake in it and I enjoyed that as well. But man I REALLY loved that pistachio! They used real pistachio nuts in it too and they were not greedy with it. I think the entire time I was mostly picking out the pistachios lol. It tasted very rich and creamy, like buttermilk or something. I just wanna go back for that pistachio!I can't remember the price but for all three of us (2 cups, one scoop each plus red velvet ice in a red velvet cone) came out to be around $12 something. Not too bad but since they didn't disappoint me, I'd say it was worth it. :)Next time I go, I'll give their cupcakes another chance to redeem themselves.
2	Anyone rating this place above 2 stars, has only experienced cupcakes from a box. I have been following Sprinkles for years. Pretty much since the beginning of Cupcake Wars. The minute I heard Sprinkles was opening I was thrilled. I had to try it! I went on a Sunday and settled of a mini red velvet, mini chocolate marshmallow, Lemon and Vanilla meets Chocolate. I also got a kiddie sundae with red velvet ice cream and a mini dark chocolate cupcake.WHAT a disappointment! Here's a breakdown:Red Velvet: Cake is okay, but the frosting tastes like chip dipMini Chocolate Marshmallow: ForgettableLemon: Frosting is good, but the cake, which has no hint of lemon whatsoever tastes like a cross between a dry biscuit, a pancake and coffee cake. Awful.Vanilla Meets Chocolate: See lemon for cake.. Frosting too sweet. All you tastes is sugarDark chocolate: Grab a cup of milk. Extremely dry and very bitter. You'll like it if you really love super dark chocolate.Red Velvet Ice Cream: Have you ever had an ice cream sandwich? One of the one's you get from the ice cream man. Well remove the ice cream in the middle and crumble and red velvet cupcake in it. Voila! Now you have Sprinkles Red Velvet ice cream.I won't attack the price for these.... concoctions because it is located on the strip. As a self-prolaimed cupcake connoisseur, I will say that this is the worst cupcake establishment in Vegas. It's even worse than Caked, which is hard to believe. I caution you to save your money.
3	I have been to the Sprinkles in Beverly Hills and the cupcakes are amazing. I have been to the store at the linq twice now. Both of the times i have had to use the cupcake ATM because there has been a long wait for the store. I am not sure if the cupcakes in the ATM are day old or they just aren't kept as fresh because they are in there. The cupcakes tasted dry. I will have to go back when the store is not as busy and get some cupcakes from inside the store.
2	I think I like Miette cupcakes more. These were super hard and dry. Though I had the flourless, it was super dense. I also ordered the lemon coconut, and still dry. The frosting was not soft and fluffy, more like hard and overly sweet. The place is pretty neat though. One side is cupcakes only, the other is ice cream + cupcake experience. Basically you pick a cupcake and put ice cream on it. Or you can have ice cream with cookies like an ice cream sandwich. A bit pricy for me for two cupcakes around $7.50.
1	What a horrible set up to an ice cream shop.  They have a doorman to let you in.  A doorman!  Seriously?!  It's ice cream, not a club.  Once inside, the staff is very confused about who has been helped, their area to work in is incredibly tiny so they are constantly running into each other and moving quite slow.  Then once you finally get your ice cream, the cashier has to call you up by name to take your money.That last part seems easy since the door guy only lets about 7 people in at a time, but apparently its brain surgery.  Definitely not worth the ice cream or frozen yogurt or whatever it is.  Go to Cold Stone or buy some at a grocery store or make some yourself (even though I have no idea how to do that).  Any of those options would be better than paying for some here.
3	I had high expectations, possibly too high. I was so excited when I heard Sprinkles was coming to Vegas. Tried going to the one in LA, but there was a line and we didn't have much time. There was also a line outside this location, but we (along with others who were also waiting) didn't realize it was for the ice cream side only. We only wanted cupcakes. The "doorman" didn't help avoid this.Once inside, the people working behind the counter were chatting so loudly (there were about 4 or 5 of them) that the one taking my order couldn't hear me. After all that, the actual cupcake was just ok. For $3.75 a pop, I expected a little more. 4 stars for presentation3 stars for flavor1 star for service
5	The cupcake is very moist and good. The staff is very nice and courteous.
4	What a fun place!!!  Cupcakes are sold a la carte OR from a "cupcake ATM!"  You can also wait in a line (line was relatively fast) for ice cream, ice cream sandwiches or cookies.  My daughter had red velvet ice cream in between a red velvet cupcake top and white cupcake top.  She said it was heaven.  We were a big group and they were all very sweet, patient and accommodating.  Would I come back?  Absolutely.  Would I go out of my way to get this checked off the list?  No.  BUT, the whole center where the Linq Ferris Wheel is a must--so if you are already there, then it's a must try.
1	Waaaayyyy over rated ... Staff very confused - slow- chatting amongst themselves ?!! When there is a HUGE lineup outside in the heat.  Ice cream was OK - nothing special.
5	Absolutely a wonderful experience! The staff especially Luis and Lydia where so sweet and on their job! They let you try their different flavors of ice cream, and are not pushy or hurrying you at all!!!We got an ice cream sandwich that was out of this world! The butter pecan ice cream is amazing! If you have not been you have to go! Be prepared it is a bit of a wait! But it is soooo worth it!!
4	Although I don't visit cupcake shops as often as I did before I still consider myself to be a cupcake connoisseur. Finally the infamous Sprinkles opens in Vegas. I have been here 3 times already and I can say the best thing I got from here is the Sprinkles Sundae, which consisted of carrot cupcake and salted caramel ice cream. Absolutely amazing! The best carrot cupcake I've had and that certainly means a lot considering I've tried carrot cupcakes from multiple cupcake places (Cupcake Station from Michigan and Kara's Cupcakes in San Francisco). The thing that makes Sprinkles' carrot cake so unique is the long strands of carrot, om nom nom. The salted caramel ice cream is divine as well, if you are a caramel fan. The consistency of the ice cream is really smooth, almost like gelato, but not quite there. I've ordered the salted caramel ice cream on it's own and yes it is a bit salty, but if you have it with a cupcake it is delicious. The people working at ice cream section even warn you that it's salty by itself so I highly recommend having it with something else. My first visit I had lemon meringue cupcake with vanilla ice cream which was just a okay, but nothing to run home about. I am certainly a fan now, however when I first tried Sprinkles at their original Beverly Hills location I didn't enjoy it as much. The location is really pretty since it is located at the Linq. The staff members are all nice and helpful. There is a cupcake ATM present, however I would just prefer to go inside since the cupcakes should be more fresh from there.
1	Complete shambles.  Waited in line for ice cream for 20 minutes.  No ice cream is worth that, but when I got to order, I found out half the flavors were sold out, and I didn't want any of the other flavors that were left! The staff member managing the line with menus could have told me when I joined the line! !I then went to the gheridellis store across from sprinkles and got some tasty ice cream.  I'd recommend doing that!
4	oh Sprinkles how I love your cupcakes. However, this time I finally got a chance to visit the ice cream and cookies shop. Your prices might be a little high to some people but for the size, its worth it compared to some of the other cupcake boutiques. Taste is always consistent as well. Very clean and the employees are very nice. It's not located on the strip though but you have the turn and walk down a bit. i actually missed it the first time. Just look for the Linq sign and then its further back down the alley with a bunch of other shops.
5	The HYPE is real! LolI actually really like this place, although my random craving for sweets is rare!Cupcakes and Ice Cream! What more can you ask for?!Had a scoop of the Cap'n Crunch (available all days of the week) in a Red Velvet Cone!Not too sweet, lil crunchy pieces in the ice cream were delicious! And the cone was amazing, only because I love anything red velvet!Lots of flavors (both cupcakes and ice cream) to choose from! Line gets long but worth the wait!Great place to check out especially if you're enjoying the new spot in Vegas, The LINQ!
3	wasn't too impressed. staff was super friendly, patient, and helpful.  line was HUGE and staff said it wasn't that bad, and gets way worse.  wait to order was 20 minutes...and wait for food was about 10 minutes.  they serve ice cream and cupcakes, or a combo of both.  ice cream was hit and miss, we tried 5 different flavors and only really liked about 2.  i like the capn' crunch flavor, sandwiched between two peanut butter/chocolate cookies.  it was HUGE.  couldn't finish it all.  none of my party tried the cupcakes, but they looked good.  would I go back?  don't think so...but the Linq is pretty nice.
5	Hooray for Sprinkles Las Vegas!!!!!!!!!!!!! Love their cupcakes!!! Even my dogs love their "pupcakes"! Everything about this company makes me happy!!! 24 hour cupcake vending machine and gluten free, sugar free, and vegan options! Amazing!!!!!!!
3	Sprinkles is pretty much what started the cupcake craze and its about time we got one here in Vegas.I've been to a couple of the California locations so I knew what to expect. However, if its your first time visiting Sprinkles, I'd advise you to manage your expectations. The cupcakes are not cheap, about $4 for one and slightly cheaper if you buy a dozen. While that might seem overpriced, the cupcakes here are of course much better than what you would pick up at the local supermarket. When I visited this location, there was a line out the door for both the cupcake and ice cream shop. Though there were probably 20 people in front of us, the line moved pretty quickly, about 20 minutes til we were inside. They have a rotating menu of whats offered each day but they of course have a couple staples available every day.The cupcake ATM right next to is helps save some time if you know what you want.The standard most people get is the red velvet, I find the frosting to be a little too sweet for my tastes. Avoid the rock hard sugar candy on the top, its just there for decoration. The wooden utensils are a nice touch and the people working are top notch. Be adventurous and try a couple different flavors to see what ya like the most.
5	Walked in and was greeted right away by the friendly staff. I ordered the sprinkles sundae which is ice cream and a cupcake on top. The girl was really helpful and kept letting me try out different ice cream flavors. I had the black and white cupcake with strawberry ice cream.
2	Went with a friend last night to be treated to a birthday cupcake. Thank you, Simone! Ok, now on to the review...There were only about 7 flavors left to choose from off their 20+ flavors menu. Strike 1. While the cupcakes were good-sized, they were kind of dry. Read: not fresh. Strike 2. The counter inside the store where we sat to eat our cupcakes, as well as the floor underneath said counter, was filthy. Strike 3. You're out. Don't believe the hype, people. I'll stick with local favorite, The Cupcakery. Their Boston Creme cupcake is seriously to die.On a side note: we stepped over to the ice cream side and got a sample of the Blood Orange sorbet. OMFG, it was good. If I ever go back, it will be for that. But not if I have to wait in a line outside where a doorman stands and lets you in when he's ready and if you're wearing the proper attire. (I kid about the attire thing but that's what it felt like. Seriously? A doorman at an ice cream parlor?)
3	When I found out Las Vegas was home to a new Sprinkles store WITH ice cream I HAD to try it! But sadly I wasn't super impressed.First, let's start with the store itself. It is in a great location, The LinQ, a new area between the Flamingo and The Quad. This place has stores, restaurants, live music, a bowling alley (The Brooklyn Bowl) and the new ferris wheel (The High Roller), having a late night dessert place here is perfect (even though it's competing with Ghirardelli). But due to its location, it can get really crowded at night and especially during the weekends (Friday and Saturday nights). A friend and I went on a Thursday night (after our ride on The High Roller) thinking it would be relatively empty due to the late time and day of the week, but boy were we wrong! It was 11:00pm (place closes at midnight) and the line was redic (at least 20+ people in line)! Then I realized it was the Thursday before Good Friday (not Sprinkles fault), so I kinda forgave the long line. We were given a menu while waiting in line. The problem is, they don't have the weekly menu of the cupcakes available, just the ice cream and cookie menu (kinda Sprinkles fault). How the heck am I supposed to know what cupcake I want for my cupcake sundae?!? So once we're finally able to order I ask the young gentleman what cupcakes they have... he has to yell across half the store what cupcakes they still have, I could barely hear him because of the surrounding noise, so I just chose a common cupcake (red velvet). Then I told him I wanted the coffee almond ice cream, he then said they were all out... LAME (TOTALLY Sprinkles fault)! To make things go faster I just said give me whatever you have, which ended up being vanilla... BORING! My friend wanted a cookie sandwich and they didn't have her flavor of ice cream either... I guess that's what we get for going an hour before closing.Though my friend and I didn't get what we originally ordered, I have to say I was content with the cupcake sundae. Though the cupcake had a little too much frosting for me, the combination was good and there was lots of vanilla flavor. I think though I would prefer if I shared one next time because it is a little too rich for my liking. So pretty much I went to Sprinkles excited to try their ice cream flavors and left pretty bummed that I just got vanilla, but I say gotta try everything at least once! Here are the things I have learned from visiting here:1) Go on weekdays (not ones that come before holidays).2) Go earlier than an hour before closing (or they won't have any flavors you want).3) They need to come up with a better system to serve their ice cream (store is backwards, workers have to glance across the room to see what cupcakes they have left. If they switched it around customers would be able to at least see what cupcakes they still have available).4) Must add what cupcakes are available on a given day for their ice cream menu.
4	Set Up = 5 StarsService = 5 StarsSelection = 4 StarsPrice = 4 StarsPeanut Butter Chip Cupcake = 5 StarsCarrot Cake Cupcake = 3 StarsI love the set up when you walk in.  Ice cream to the right, cupcakes to the left.  Heck, even a cupcake ATM outside.  Just don't let size of this place and the lines fool you.  Yes, Sprinkles is tiny, yes it's crowded, and yes they are quick/efficient.  5 stars for service that's for sure. I didn't try any of their ice creams, but that's happening soon.  I tried the Carrot Cake and Peanut Butter Chip cupcakes.  For those that know me, know that I love a good carrot cake and anything with peanut butter.  So here are my thoughts on both....Peanut  Butter Chip Cupcake: This was so good, moist, had just enough chocolate, and packed with a creamy peanut buttery taste.  I've had a few peanut butter cupcakes in my lifetime and would honestly rank Sprinkles near the top.  If you're a fan of Reese's Peanut Butter Cups, then you'll be a fan of Sprinkles' Peanut Butter Chip Cupcake.  My only regret is getting only one. Carrot Cake:  The icing was good, but thought that the actual cupcake could have been better.  This was packed with a ton of carrots and a little dry.  Again, I've had carrot cake cupcakes before and have yet to find one that I really like.  Sprinkles didn't impress me with their Carrot Cake.  But hey...it's all about their Peanut Butter Chip. If you're at the Linq, then I recommend that you check out Sprinkles and judge them for yourself.  I see myself coming back to try one of their ice creams and of course, back for their Peanut Butter Chip cupcakes.
3	Came here for the first time back in March, and I tried the Cupcake ATM and thought it was the coolest thing ever. The price was a bit steep, $4.25 for a cupcake which wasn't that big to begin with, but the overall experience that first time was good.My second visit was about a week ago with my boyfriend, we came in around noon and it was packed! The service was very very slow, for a line that long, they needed more employees to step it up and take customer's orders because a few people had left because of the long wait. The one who took my order (red velvet ice cream and a peanut butter pretzel chip cookie) was the same one preparing the food, which I thought was very inefficient. Prices were a bit steep as well for a scoop of ice cream and a cookie ($8 total for everything) but hey, it's the Strip so prices were expected to be as they were. This place is great if you're craving something sweet and just want to experience the Cupcake ATM, but other than the Cupcake ATM, this place isn't all that special.
5	I LOVE SPRINKLES CUPCAKES AND ICE CREAM!Living in California, I've had the luck of being near several locations so I was pretty excited when they opened another one in Vegas. This one is a combo of both cupcakes and ice cream, yay! They're connected so if you can't decide like me, you can easily view the goodies in both stores.Their cupcakes are always delicious! I've had the Black and White, Red Velvet (both sugar and sugar free), Peanut Butter, Smores, Margarita, Carrot, and Dark Chocolate at various visits. Their Margarita cupcake (made for a limited time during Cinco de Mayo) is the only one I haven't throughly enjoyed to the very last crumb.I decided on ice cream this time. Sprinkles makes their own ice cream and allows you to have it alone, in one of their delicious waffle cones (regular or red velvet), cookie sandwiches, cupcake top sandwiches, and a number of unique toppings. The cupcake top sandwich is bomb, as you can choose two different of the day's flavors, but I opted for some dark chocolate ice cream sprinkled with red velvet cupcake crumbs. So good, as the woman who helped me agreed!Sprinkles is a famous brand, so the cupcakes and ice cream combos are more than the average similar establishments, but for the occasional treat I think it's more than worth it!
5	The cupcakes are sinfully good. I tried the the peanut butter and it was one of the best cupcakes I have tried. We will definitely  visit again when we are on the Strip.
5	Had to try these cupcakes! Now this spot is new in Vegas I wanted to see and taste what all the buzz was about! I'm a red velvet fan! And to try the sprinkles red velvet cupcake was a must! So here's my review! Absolutely amazing the cupcake was moist and very delicious! The icing was good too not too thick and not too sweet just right! I also purchased the black and white cupcake it was very good as well and last but not least the chocolate marshmallow cupcake another hands down for this!
4	While living in So Cal, I used to love to eat Sprinkles cupcakes. I was so excited to see a Sprinkles at the Linq in Vegas that of course I had to get one. I try red velvet cupcakes anywhere I go and Sprinkles red velvet did not disappoint. The cream cheese frosting was delicious and not overpowering. The cake had a great flavor and was very moist. Next time I will try the ice cream that everyone is raving about. :) Cupcake was $4.06 with tax and the mini cupcakes were $2 each plus tax. Not sure how much the ice cream cost because that was in a seperate part of the store which was super busy with the line outside the door.
1	I have given this place ample tries!!!  Three times they have turned me away because they will NOT put cookies from one counter on the same transaction as cupcakes (from another counter) when paying with a credit card!?!?! Instead of offering to simply hand the cookies to the cupcake counter ( or vice versa)...they offer to sell you ice cream instead?!?!?! Makes me wonder why they didnt name place "Stuck on Shrooms"?!?!?!?.......... (but your icing is pretty decent..hence thee star :)
3	Wasn't anything too special, though it may be because we got in right before closing.Ended up getting ice cream with a red velvet waffle cone. The cone was pretty good, though because it was late in the day it wasn't as fresh and it could have been. The ice cream was also decent but because of the flavour we got (salted caramel) I couldn't eat much of it so I let me girlfriend eat most of it. Didn't get a chance to try any cupcakes because I was too full from eating earlier but I'd recommend you try and get there earlier in the day.
4	So glad they opened one up here! Have yet to try the ice cream sandwiches but the cupcake I had from the fun ATM I had to try was yummy!  Not dry and icing wasn't too sweet just right.
4	I loved the vegan red velvet cupcakes!! That's the only flavor I tried. I thought it was moist and they used coconut frosting instead on cream cheese...gotta love it.
3	I would have rated this place higher, but the woman at the door left a bad taste in my mouth. It is a huge bummer because I was really looking forward to trying this place. First off, the cupcakes and ice cream are really good. My son got the ice cream sandwich which was huge!  Thry have only certain flavors of ice cream on certain days as well. The downfall is the set up of this place. There are two sides to this place, one side for ice cream, the other side is for cupcakes so make sure you are in the right line. Next, there is only one party allowed inside while you place your order. They have someone standing at the door to make sure you follow the rules. When we got to the front of the line, we went inside because the door Nazi had stepped away. She confronted me with "I didnt see you in line" so pretty much accusing me of jumping the line. I took offence to this so we went back and forth as I asked her how I got the little card in my hand that she gave me to decide on my flavor.  Good luck in the summer when it is 110 degrees and people are forced to wait outside in the blazing sun.  There is no seating inside, but some dirty tables outside that people would just leave their containers on. These did not get cleaned up quickly enough, IMO. I don't know if an employee cleaned them or people looking to sit down cleaned the tables so I can't comment on that. If it wasn't for the rude employee at the door, I would have given this place a solid four stars. These types of establishments need to train their employees that its not the message, but how you deliver the message that matters.
2	First time here. ..3 bites in here and I pull a half red half white hair out of my mouth. Utterly disgusted. Ugh. What a waste. AND they don't have regular cones. Ugh. Disappointment
4	I'm so glad that this place opened up in the Linq! Such a wonderful cupcake joint which as stirred up a lot of buzz since the grand opening. Since it's opened, I've been to this place 4 times. That says a lot as I'm not a sweets type of person. Here's what I thought:The set up: I love the set up! When you enter the place, you'll notice the ice cream shop to the right and the cupcakes to the left. If the joint is busy, no worries! Make your way outside to the cupcake ATM! What an awesome device :) Give you the power to eat cupcakes at any time.Service: The staff is a younger crowd for sure. For the most part they are super personable and really accommodating. On one of my visits though, I was super turned off by how immature some of them were acting. We understand as customers, that the cupcakes run out. It was kind of unprofessional for two employees to be fighting over the last cupcake for their customer. Prices: I'm not sure about the ice cream prices, but if you choose to go to the cupcake side, they have 2 prices: $3.75 for large cupcakes and $2.00 for small cupcakes. Selection: The selection is on point! There are a lot of different flavors. Over the course of 4 visits, I've tried a few different flavors. Here's what I thought:-Triple Cinnamon: By far, my absolute favorite! The cake was light, the cream cheese frosting was not dense and filled with the cinnamon flavor and topped with cinnamon sugar. So delicious! Watch out, they go fast!-Red Velvet: Their best seller for sure. The cake was a little more dense than I expected but I can see why it's a best seller!- Smores: Cool cupcake! The frosting is a marshmallow texture, chocolate cake with a graham cracker bottom. All the elements are there and well received!-Peanut Butter Chip: Super dense cake with an intense peanut butter taste. I like the chocolate chips throughout the cupcake and the peanut butter frosting reinforced the flavor.-Dark Chocolate: WOW, lots of chocolate going on! Super rich and decadent. If you're a chocolate lover, this cupcake is perfect for you!- Mini chocolate marshmallow: Rich chocolate ganache frosting, chocolate cake with marshmallow filling. Nice combination of flavors :) Sprinkles has taken an American classic and took it to the next level. The prices might be a little steep but man, I think it's super worth it! When a place put a lot of time and effort in making each dessert, you can't help but overlook the bill. I will be the first one to admit that I will not only return, I will also admit that I will be enjoying more than one cupcake each and every time. Thanks so much for deciding to open in Las Vegas!
3	If you're drunk, wandering on the strip, these goodies will probably be the most gratifying things ever.. other than Yoshinoya!It's a fun and trendy chain but this popular cupcake spot has only been "okay" for me. I've tried several of their flavors but the ones that stuck out was the Triple Cinnamon and the Banana. The taste and sweetness is fantastic. The cake has a consistent moisture and the frosting is thick!However, I was not THAT impressed.. I've had much better cupcakes at small mom&pop bakeries. At about $4 a cupcake, I expected much better.For quick, convenient cupcake service, Sprinkles has an express cupcake ATM(w/service charge) located outside of the shop. It's such a neat idea, it's hard not to try it.. or at least Instagram it. hahaWhat I was looking forward to was their icecream. But yet again, I was heavily disappointed. I ordered the Red Velvet icecream with graham cracker crumbs. I don't know if my sweet tooth malfunctioned that day but the entire dessert was bland. Their red velvet icecream is basically a sweet cream/vanilla with red velvet cupcake chunks in it. I had bites that had big chunks of cake and graham cracker, but still was not getting that sweet satisfaction. I'll definitely come back again to try different flavors and hopefully re-rate this shop higher.
1	I really wasn't impressed.  I shared three different mini cupcakes with my friend.  Red velvet, black & white and vanilla.  The after taste was the worst part! I won't go out of my way to return.  The cupcake ATM  was a hoot and I will post photo.
5	Love their cupcakes! Glad they finally came to Las Vegas!! We've had them in Georgetown (Washington, DC) and loved them! Great location at The Linq! A must have while at The Linq!
4	Thank you for making gluten free and peanut/nut free cupcakes! The frosting shots are a nice touch too. Great service and sincere care of customers.
4	Delicious cupcakes. Excited they finally opened one here in Vegas.This location as already mentioned in other reviews is located at the Linq.We stopped by on a Friday night. It was quite busy as one can imagine. The ice cream section was busier than the cupcake area.I got one cupcake (black and white flavor) and one doggy cupcake. Mine was delicious and I can tell my doggy enjoyed his as well. I will most certainly be back. Only docked off one star because it's not the most convenient of locations to get to.
3	I had super high expectations when I came to place. I tried their Captain Crunch ice cream & I bought a dozen of cupcakes (~$40). And I was really... let down? Yes, everything was good but it didn't give me the WOW FACTOR that I was looking for in places like this. Overall, moist & yummy cupcakes plus yummy ice cream? Delicious combination, but way too overpriced in my opinion.
3	I had a Sprinkles Sundae with a coconut cupcake and vanilla ice cream. The cupcake Itself was a chocolate cupcake. It was moist and not too sweet however I prefer a classic white cake. The frosting was sweet but not too sweet and complimented the cupcake. The vanilla ice cream was okay. It was icy and could not taste any vanilla. It reminded me of soft serve.  My daughter had a strawberry cupcake with strawberry ice cream.  It was flavorful and tasted like strawberries. The store is really cute and the staff is very helpful & friendly.
5	Love love love that this place is available to feed my sugar addiction. Yes I know that it's on the strip. But sometimes those urges drive me to make the journey from henderson. I tried the coffee fudge almond ice cream with the red velvet cone. It was the perfect size to share with my man who only eats a few bites and leaves the rest to me to finish. If you're ever in the mood for yummy ice cream and don't mind driving to the strip then this is the place to go. I will be back to try the cupcakes... YUMM!!!
5	How did a SPRINKLES cupcakes open up in Las Vegas and MOI not know about it?I love Sprinkles and have since I first had them in Huntington Beach Area. I wish they would bring one to my hometown ahhh that would be so awesome. The cake with the right frosting is too die for. Since this one is on the strip there is a line like all the time which sucks. But hey they are the best. The linq in defiantly the newest tourist attraction and if fun. Should defiantly go here now.
5	Okay, so I know what most of you fellow yelpers are thinking: " what is so great about a cupcake place, they are just cupcakes." To you I say, fools! You have not had a real cupcake until you have had a sprinkles cupcake, my friends. I must admit, I too was once one of you, a non sprinkles believer, but no more! I have seen the light, and have taken it upon myself to deliver the message, the sprinkle message. Brothers and sisters, walk into the light that is Sprinkles and your tastebuds will for ever thank you! They have a cup cake selection that will tempt just about anyone ( unless you are just plain weird ) and if you're not a cup cake person, fear not! They also have a great assortment of ice cream and other decadent treats. To the people I say, go to sprinkles where you shall find eternal taste bud salvation!
5	Don't hate me but I much prefer a cookie or a brownie over a cupcake but I have to tell you right now that if I must have a cupcake...I'm going to Sprinkles. Luckily there is a location in Chicago!!!When I woke up on my first morning in Vegas, I saw the new High Roller Ferris Wheel and thought it was the coolest thing I have seen on the strip in a long time! My colleague and I were looking for something to do after dinner one night and he suggested the new Ferris wheel. I didn't really realize the shear size of it until I got closer. I think it was about half way down the Linq right around Sprinkles. I made a mental note of the place on our way to the Ferris wheel and after our insane ride up there, I needed a little something sweet to nibble on so I suggested we stop at Sprinkles on our way back. He had already eaten dessert so I was on my own, but didn't hesitate to walk in here to explore what they have to offer. I noticed an array of ice cream flavors and the line out the door for the ice cream and I jumped in line for a cupcake. I glanced at what they had left and since I couldn't decide what to order, I went for the classic Black & White....a chocolate cupcake with vanilla icing and chocolate sprinkles. I asked for it to-go and received it in a brown bag with a wooden fork attached with a sticker. It was adorable!! I actually had to take a photo on site. The girls behind the counter were just as sweet as can be. They were so kind and friendly. These are the kind of customer service people that belong in a cupcake shop!! All smiles, giggles and they knew cupcakes!! Trust me, I quizzed them. ;) I also grabbed a bottle of water while I was there and my total was about $5 or so. Not bad for a quick snack on the strip!When I got back to my hotel room, I ate my cupcake in bed like a little kid. It was delicious. Very fresh, but there was a slight bit too much frosting, if I have one complaint. I will definitely hit up the cupcake ATM in Chicago next time we're in the city. I have heard all about it from friends and now that I have experienced Sprinkles, I gotta take the hubs!
2	The cupcake trend is gone but this chain is still going strong and just opened at The Linq. Thought I'd try a place recommended by quite a few SoCal Yelpers. Did not expect to be as disappointed as I was.Tiny space leaves little room for a line, menu is large and not easy to read at a distance, save for the list of flavors and cute colorful caketopper symbols indicating which flavors are currently available.Service is a trainwreck. Even busy, this place doesn't need 6 people behind the counter, their ordering and fulfillment process makes no sense. Made it to counter, placed order for one single dark chocolate cupcake, plated to eat on location. My name was taken and I was told someone would be with me in a minute. I'm not sure why the same guy couldn't just reach into the case next to us and hand me the cupcake.Paying for my order was hectic. Girl misprounced my name to get my attention, gave me correct flavor, on a plate, with no fork. After handing me plate, asked for my card. Awkwardly set it down, retrieved card, then had to reach again for my ID- for a four dollar purchase, after waiting nearly 10 minutes. Really?Finally snagged a seat to eat. Cupcake frosting was good. Cake itself was dry. Just because I ordered at 9PM should make no difference to the quality of your product. Cake texture and frosting texture didn't really work well together, due to the extreme dryness of the cake and the hardened frosting topping. Opted for a cake without sprinkles, wanting to get the cute circle symbol instead. When I ate it, I nearly chipped a tooth.Given the low quality cupcake received dining in while they were still open (and busy), I'm hesitant to try the cupcake ATM. Can't imagine they retain their moisture well in what must essentially be a refrigerator.Sprinkles, you have a great brand and clever marketing facilitating your business in an amazing new and highly-trafficked area. Step up your game in the kitchen and train your employees on efficiency!
4	Line was huge on Sat night. I see why...very good variety of ice cream, cookies and cupcakes. I got  salted caramel brownie sundae yummy. First time at new the linq next to flamingos casino. Cool place to walk shop and eat.
3	I tried the chocolate coconut cupcake. It was moist and just ok. It cost $3.75 plus additional .30 to eat inside. Even though it had a lot of coconut shreds at the top I could barely taste the coconut. The frosting was too sweet & it over powered the coconut shreds.
3	Just had the black and white and the chocolate marshmallow.  The icing on the black and white was descent, but the cake was dry and not a good flavor.  The icing on the chocolate marshmallow wasn't good and again the cake was dry and didn't taste good.  I would have given 2 stars, but the service was quick and very friendly, so I'm giving them an extra star.   It's too bad the cupcakes look better then they taste.
3	Ok , I really wanted to like this place,love watching cupcake wars , and thought this place would be awesome.  Too much hype and not enough substance , great for tourists if you want to wait in a cluster f@&k of a line, we had to wait outside for about 8 mins , ( some girl was holding the line at one door and letting people go thru another door un abated ) once inside , you have to squint and try to decipher the menu of the days offerings , the concept might work in a non touristy town but it totally slows down the whole process , then when you do decide you are helped pretty quick , but then your cupcakes are held behind the counter after you give your name , till they call you to pay!! Wtf ???? For two cupcakes it took about 22 mins to complete the transaction ! I felt bad for the counter girls , most are friendly and deal with what they are given , but the nazi chick outside holding the door , should really consider being a bouncer , ( "ok you may go in now ") really ? As for the cupcakes they were mediocre at best , 3.50 a piece is about an average price , but great for the strip , I had the key lime and it was pretty good , moist and Limey !! But the other was a black and white ,& frosting wasn't anything better the you can get at your local supermarket ! So if you are in the area and have about 20 mins to kill , I'd say go for it ! If not save your money and time and pick up a dozen at your local grocery store !!
4	Visit the cupcake ATM after a late night out! The cupcakes in the ATM don't seem quite as fresh as the ones inside the store, but it works in a pinch! The banana cupcake is really good!
4	We paid our second visi to this location of Sprinkles yesterday, and I guess I'm a fan! Service was young, sweet, and eager to please while it was surprisingly slow yesterday. We stopped in at around 8:30 after a ride on the high roller and picked up a chai cupcake, lemon coconut, vegan red velet, and vanilla minis. The minis are so cute and perfect for kids if you don't want them bouncing off the walls from the sugar.My favorite was the lemon coconut of our selection, although the chai was also quite tasty with its strong chai spices. Vegan red velvet is made with coconut oil and my friend (who is vegan) said it was very moist and delicious. I'd say the Sprinkles here are up to par with the locations I've visited in California with the exception of one thing: I have yet to see the SALTED CARAMEL cupcake at this location. Salted caramel is hands down, the best Sprinkles cupcake flavor ever, so please carry it soon. Thanks!
3	Very good coffee. Reasonable prices for the strip. We tried icecream & cupcakes, both were far too sweet.  The red velvet icecream had icing in it which over the top in a bad way.  A plus was the moistness of the cupcake.
2	This place is just ok at best. I've had Sprinkles cupcakes before and wasn't crazy about them, but I wanted to try their ice cream anyway. I opted for a scoop of their salted caramel ice cream in a cup. I was warned by the guy at the counter that it was very salty. I asked for a taste and did find it on the salty side, so I asked for caramel sauce to make it sweeter and more caramel-y.The ice cream was ok - not terrible but not among the best I've had either. As for the caramel sauce, it was on the runnier side and I prefer it thick and more flavorful.There is plenty of seating outside but it was just too hot to sit out there on the day we went. Luckily there was counter seating on the cupcake side of the shop. (Ice cream is to the right when you enter; cupcakes to the left.) We had to wipe the counter top though - there were crumbs galore on it. It made no sense to me that they had a bunch of workers waiting to help on the cupcake side (most were not helping customers as there was a lull in foot traffic) and not one of them could wipe down the counter top.We returned later in the day with a friend who wanted to try their cupcake ATM, but it was out of service.This is one of those places where I can say that I'm glad that I tried it, but I don't feel the need to come back.
2	I know the shop is new and I'm sure it's busy all day, but the two girls who helped me made my experience bad. In general, the staff is not organized at all. My friend requested rocky road and when we were waiting for our ice cream (after paying already) the girl who was helping us told the customer after us that there was only one scoop of rocky road left and she had to choose a second scoop of another flavor. My friend went up to the employee and asked "how did you skip me when I ordered rocky road, but now you served it to a customer who ordered after me?" I also ordered roasted almonds on my ice cream and when I got my cone, it was peanuts. I asked that same employee if they were peanuts, and she rudely replied, "NO, they are almonds.".. I let my friends taste my cone, and it was peanuts!!!! I know what peanuts taste like! Just the overall experience was disappointing.
2	Not the Sprinkles of Los Angeles. I used to be a Sprinkles fanatic when I lived in LA - would get them on a frequent basis and even pay $$$ to have them delivered to my house regularly. I went to this Sprinkles the other night and they were dry! That was my main complaint, they just weren't moist! The icing was even crusty and dry. I don't know if this location just needs some help or if Sprinkles has gone down hill? So disappointed!
4	One thing that makes this place special is I think the way the market is great. They focus on having different items on certain days so people want to try all the different things here. One thing that's cool is where they cut the top off of a cupcake and put ice cream inside and put it back on so it's a cupcake ice cream sandwich. Cupcakes are really good and haven't tried them all but my favorite is the banana and the brown sugar praline and of course red velvet.One thing I hate are the lines here.other than that it's great "Cupcake ATM"  it's nice to have this option if you want a late night cupcake when it's closed.
3	Thus place has some pretty good cup cakes. There are some issues. The place is hot inside and when more than 3 people are in the place its tight. Nothing is labled and you can't see the whole menu since its round. So peopel take for ever looking at the hand held menu and roaming ateond the bar deciding. The service is friendly but not fast. The thing I dislike the most is you wait in a tight hot store then you order an over priced item and then you wait again. Then they tell you they are out of what you ordered. Nice place to try once and move on.
3	I LOVE cupcakes!!!! When I heard about the Sprinkles hype I had to check it out when I spotted it on The Linq in Vegas. I asked the girl behind the counter which cupcake was their most popular; apparently it's their Red Velvet.  Unfortunately, it was mediocre at best. The little candy decor atop the cupcake was hard and tasted like wax.  I've had better cupcakes from Ralph's. The cake was a bit dry, the cream cheese frosting was  just ok. The gal behind the counter was new but she was sweet. Service was not a problem is was just the cupcake...it didn't blow my mind the way I was hoping it would. Maybe another flavor may help redeem their name. I may have to stop by the one in Beverly Hills if I'm ever in the area.
3	It's good. As much as I love my desserts I was excited to try the famous Spinkles cupcakes. I guess since they are the reason why cupcakes became an overwhelming trend, everyone that has opened up a bakery up'd the goodness level. So what I'm trying to say is that, I've had better. Lol
2	Never thought a cupcake could have too much frosting until now. Completely unenjoyable.
4	I am SO glad I gave Sprinkles another chance.Not being wowed by their original Beverly Hills location  avoided them for the last few years but kept wanting to try their ice cream.A new addition to the Vegas Strip, The Linq, which reminds me a bit of LA anyways, had a Sprinkles location both for cupcakes AND ice cream!Perfect timing in the middle of the afternoon (though Vegas is always hot and you can eat ice cream any time of day)A few customers in the cupcake side, no one at the ice cream counter.TONS of flavors, most rotate daily, we had about 20 to chose from.So many great sounding flavors, the usual pig in my would have wanted to sample them all.I went with a sample of the only sorbet, strawberry, and was SOLD!THAT good, SO refreshing, simply perfect.I came for the red velvet waffle cone but wound up "needing" a cupcake sundae.Chose a cupcake, they split and fill with ice cream.Went with the red velvet and was in love!So fresh, soft, moist, everything a cupcake should be.The cream cheese frosting had way too much sugar, not my fav, but I am now finally convinced that it is not just hype, Sprinkles really makes some great cupcakes and I will be back for more of that ice cream!
2	Don't bother ordering the Red Velvet....it was the worst one I have ever had. It was a dry devils food with sweet dry frosting.  The chocolate marshmallow was awesome.
2	The minicupcakes are cute and taste sweet but the vanilla has a strange aftertaste from the frosting. The black and white is good though. Meanwhile their ice creams (cap'n ' crunch, salted caramel, cherry vanilla) are all atrocious. I've literally never tasted ice cream this bad. The salted caramel just tastes like salt, the cap n' crunch is crappy soggy peanut butter mush and the cherry vanilla just tastes like a bad imitation of Ben and Jerry's. The worst by far is not using the berry cap n crunch. Holstein's and Momofuku is much better.
5	First time at Sprinkles and it was in Vegas!!! It was super good. I love the ice cream. We got there around closing time and got our ice cream and chilled inside for a little. We went to the cupcake side and asked the employee to help us take a photo because it was my "wife's" first time at Sprinkles. The employees were Julie and Ashlen, and they were simply amazing! Even thought it was past 12 midnight, they were helping us take pictures with no complaints. I just want to thank them for making me and my wife's night at Sprinkles. Thank you ladies =]!!Highly recommended to go there when they are working the closing shifts! love them.
4	Cool branding and plenty of great looking products fill this new spot in the Linq. But, it's confusing and overwhelming because of all the options, the two lines for cupcakes and other items, and the list of daily flavors. When you finally decide which flavors you want to try splurge and get a cupcake sundae -- possibly the best way to experience any cupcake and a format I cant believe isn't available in every bakery. It's simple but amazing. The bottom of the cupcake lines a cup, topped with a scoop of ice cream  with the top of the cupcake above that. The dark chocolate cupcake was the perfect amount of sweet with a touch of bitter chocolate in a moist, spongey cake. The creamy, rich salted caramel ice cream was a perfect compliment with each bite. My kid got a cinnamon cupcake with strawberry ice cream. Separately, both were very good, but together it wasn't the best combo. I tried to tell him to get a different flavor pairing but he didn't listen. Still, the sundae is the way to go, just get flavors that compliment each other.
4	I have always had an issue with overpriced cupcakes, until now. I have tried some of the Las Vegas cupcake shops and was disappointed in their product. While walking through the Linq I decided to give  Sprinkles a try. Being just under $4 dollars a piece I opted for three. The Key Lime, Coconut, and the Red Velvet. I dove right in when I got home and was impressed. Each cupcake felt pretty heavy in my hand and they were packed with flavor. The cake was moist and the icing was sweet but not sickening sweet as some other stores create with their icing. These were definitely an excellent treat and I will definitely come back on another special occasion.
2	Having been a fan of the original Sprinkles in Beverly Hills for years I thought I'd check out the ice cream and cookies here at their new Las Vegas Location at LinQ. The usual tasty cakes and ice creams here, but their employees have much left to be desired. Minus':- The situation that is... "The Line", whenever employees feel like it they will enforce "The Line" policy in which case they force you to stand in line outside of the store to get in a separate line inside.... but that's not all if you want to go from one section to the other, you HAVE to go outside and wait in the other line... In which case there's no signs that say that, so having an employee talk to me like I'm stupid was not the best way to handle things... so we left. And with this "rule" in place all you have to do is go in through the exit because the "gate keepers" are clueless to the other door and none of the other employees will say anything also. Overall this place deserves a 4 star for food, but a 1 star for service = 2 stars. Don't get me wrong, I love the cupcakes and I love their ice cream, but man they need to put up some signs or make it two store fronts.
4	I love sprinkles cupcakes.It's funny because I'm not a cupcake fan.  There only a couple places I'll eat a cupcake from and Sprinkles is one of them. I was excited about this location opening up because I went to the on in Scottsdale, AZ and I couldn't stop thinking about the cakes. They are pretty pricy $3+ for a cupcake but hey it's Vegas and it's a name brand cupcake. I'm just not so keen about spending $50+ for 9 birthday cupcakes but that's just me being frugal. I don't mind buying a cupcake or 2 every now and then. The sprinkles sundaes are pretty good too. They put a cupcake in a cup w/ ice cream in it (you choose the flavors). Overall yay for sprinkles. :)
2	Maybe i am not fancy enough, but it just tasted like a cupcake. It was funny to order from an ATM. I rank it low because it was expensive (4.50 each) and not all that special. they are also not big at all. For the price, i expected it to be a larger cupcake.
4	I get excited whenever somewhere as amazing as the Linq adds a dessert/sweet shop to its list of shops. How can this kind of place NOT have a sweets shop, and how can it be anything other than Sprinkles, complete with a cupcake ATM?  My plan of attack (pregame before a concert at the Brooklyn Bowl) was this: an apple ale from O'Sheas pub, then trekking a mere 30 seconds to Sprinkles for a few cupcakes. The group I went with had no interest whatsoever, in sampling this hyped cupcake boutique. I, on the other hand, LIVE for trying new dessert places.There was a steady stream of customers upon entering the shop, but I was immediately greeted with a smile, and the girl behind the counter was more than eager to help. I was overwhelmed with choices, and if I had a choice, I'd have bought one of each flavor. My wallet decided against that idea, and I ended up with a chocolate/banana and a black/white cupcake. As I'm standing outside of the shop, in the middle of a busy walkway, balancing my ale and my cupcakes, taking overly dramatic (almost rated R type of eye rolling chew after chew), the group that was with me finally had to sample my sweet luscious cakes. (the cupcakes, sillies). I wish I hadn't offered them all a taste of my cupcakes. I ended up with nothing but cupcake liners and sweet regret. I guess they all enjoyed the sweets as much as I did. But that just means that I have an excuse to go back again. Cupcake ATM, I'm coming for you!
3	Very cute designs and decors on both the outside and interior of the shop. Unlike the local Sprinkles in Houston, TX that serves only cupcakes, this location in the fabulous Las Vegas serves ice cream as well! WOW this is the very first time I have ever tried the Sprinkles ice cream wheeeeeeeee! The boyfriend and I have sampled the red velvet, coffee and pistachio flavors and settled on sharing a Pistachio ice cream float.  All three flavors that we have sampled are rich and delicious but the Pistachio is not too sweet and wins the game!  The staff is friendly and helpful.
4	My son and I ordered a key lime and a chocolate marshmallow. Each were uniquely delicious. The lime was fresh and the chocolate was rich. The girls working were very organized, sweet and friendly. If I had anything to complain about, it would be the size of the store. Pretty crowded for the location.
5	I had an absolutely great time! I had a hard time deciding between ice cream in a cup or cookie sandwich version..(Food advisory warning: The ice cream sandwich is meant for sharing )The cookies are pretty massive. The red velv was good, but not memorable for ice cream. I spent around $9 on it total. They're probably better in cupcake form which I skipped out on this first time. I went around 3 pm on a Wednesday, so no line, and great service. Can't wait to come back for the cupcakes. Save me a red velvet next time you go, bro!
5	i LOVE SPRINKLES CUPCAKES. My mom used to buy the mix from Williams Sonoma, but nothing beats the real deal.***THIS LOCATION ALSO HAS THE INFAMOUS CUPCAKE ATM****There's a ton of flavors -- my bestie and I indulged in a strawberry cupcake and dark chocolate one (with sprinkles). Some cupcakes have the signature dot decoration, whereas others have variations with actual sprinkles.There's doggie cupcakes as well if you've got a hungry little friend at home.This is the perfect addition to the Linq neighborhood and adds a little LA to Vegas.
4	I'm giving them a 4 for the cap n crunch Icecream. Otherwise totally meh.Sprinkles is so cute and iconic to me. Tasting the cupcakes from the judge of cupcake wars is so cool!I was kinda disappointed the first time I went as the cupcakes were dry. I've tried so many of their cupcakes. Probably 10 flavors in 3 visits. Yes I go back even though they weren't amazing.The stick out flavor is the chocolate peanut butter. It was the best cupcake I've ever had.I like the idea of sprinkles more than I liked their cupcakes. I like how cute it is, how exciting it is to get a box on a special occasion, and how nice the staff is.Their brownies and cookies are super decadent!
3	Their cupcakes and ice cream are okay.The hype is too real about sprinkles cupcakes. Everyone talks about how amazing the place is and how whenever someone goes to cali they have to come back with sprinkles. Now that it's here in Vegas and I finally got to try out what it's all about, my expectations were really high, yet I don't think they were met. They serve certain ice cream and cupcakes on certain days so make sure you keep an eye out for what day you're going. The cupcakes were kinda dry and I didn't really like the frosting on top. I've had better cupcakes and desserts. But this place is cute and have a friendly staff that's willing to help you no matter how busy it gets at the Linq. It's a great location though! Outside seating is fun since you get to see everything going on. I also like their clear glass walls and set up on the inside.
3	Sprinkles Las Vegas is a cute cupcake and ice cream shop.  Choose from an assortment of freshly made cupcakes in flavors such as coconut, vanilla, chocolate-marshmallow, strawberry, peanut butter chip, carrot, and lemon-blueberry.I tried the salted caramel and their best seller, the red velvet.  The salted caramel is a denser cupcake, the texture is more like a banana bread.  I didn't enjoy this cupcake as much because I prefer an airier cupcake.  The red velvet hit the spot.  Light and airy, moist, with chocolaty flavor and the right ration of cake to sweet cream cheese frosting. At $3.75 a piece, visually the cupcakes are pretty plain.  Frosting is smoothed on with an off-set spatula rather than piped on in fancy designs--but we don't care as long as it tastes good, right?  Just don't eat the circle decoration on top, it's hard and tasteless.Sprinkles is a great place to stop by when you're looking for a sweet treat.
3	My brother works at the Linq and was telling me about all the hype and rage about these cupcakes. Unfortunately I didn't see what the hype was about. There was a long line out the door but luckily we spotted the cool cupcake ATM at the side, where you buy cupcakes by swiping a credit card and a cool machine dispenses a cupcake. I paid a little less than $5 for a red velvet cupcake. The icing was okay and nothing special and the cake was a little dry. I don't know if it's because we bought it from the ATM but I wasn't too impressed. The ATM was cool though.
4	Love this place the icecream is amazing my only complaint is they run out of cookies so I miss out on my favorites a lot . The salted caramel with a chocolate chip cookie is crazy good.
1	The customer service here is shameful. I went in yesterday with a friend to finally try their ice cream and after asking for the manager all of the girls working were staring at me and gossiping. I sampled the red velvet, coffee fudge almond, salted caramel, and peanut butter cup. All of the flavors were under developed and a few didn't taste like the flavor advertised. The red velvet ice cream was basically an icy vanilla ice cream with red velvet cake sprinkled on top. I was expecting cream cheese ice cream with red velvet cake mixed inside or some type of rendition of a red velvet cupcake. The coffee almond fudge ice cream tasted like a very strong coffee with no hint of fudge or almond. Salted caramel was the best of the 4 but it was too sweet. We didn't want any of the ice cream but the cookies in the display case looked good so we ordered the snickerdoodle cookie. Instead of taking the cookie out of the case, the girl working took out a prepackaged cookie from below. The cookie was hard as a rock and was much smaller than the one in the display case. Everything about the cookie was suspicious so I returned the cookie and when I was getting my money back I saw ants crawling on the floor. I told the male manager at the register and he says " thanks, I know" with an attitude. If you know, why aren't the ants being cleaned up off the floor? Sprinkles Cupcakes employees are extremely rude and the ice cream is sub par. I will never step foot in this location again.
3	The ice cream is good. Haven't tried the cupcakes at this location yet but I will, I've tried them in LA though. I wish they could find a way to make their cookie warm. I hate cold cookies. I also heard they have a gluten free cupcake which is a big plus!
2	I've heard all the raves and was anxious to try Sprinkles cupcakes. Once the newness of Linq wore off a bit Frank and I went over to see what all the fuss has been about. My husband is a sucker for Red Velvet so his choice was easy. I, on the other hand, wasn't in the mood for anything in particular. I asked which was their best seller? "Red Velvet." Ok, second best? "Chocolate Marshmallow." Sold! Most, if not all cupcakes are $3.75 each. The Red Velvet fell flat. The frosting was too sweet and the cake was dry. The Chocolate Marshmallow was the better choice, but it was still pretty dry even with the marshmallow center, and I hated the rock hard candy placed on top. I've had better, and I've had worse, but I won't be singing any praises for Sprinkles Cupcakes.
2	We got a gift card to this place and I was super excited because I love cupcakes but I was so very disappointed . I got the red velvet since it's my fav my it was totally disgusting the batter taste to much like egg and they leave weird after taste . The prices was pretty expensive it was $3.50 for one and 42 for a dozen totally not worth the price . My mom went again recently(she still had money on her gift card) so I decided to try them again but still not so good didn't change my mind how I felt about them . Would def not go back :(
4	This place is off the hook busy at any given time! The ice cream flavor are awesome! I had a captain crunch root beer float this last time we went. Don't hate. Try it, it was amaze-balls!  They have a cupcake section and an ice cream section.The flavors at each station change dependent on the day you go, so check the menu when you get there to see what flavors are available that day.If you want an ice cream sandwich, get there earlier in the day, as once it's evening time, 99% of the cookies are gone, gone, gone!Don't want to wait in line for a cupcake? No problem! Head around the side of the building and purchase your cupcake of choice via their cupcake ATM. Yup, you read that right. CUPCAKE ATM!!!!
5	I have been a fan of Sprinkles Cupcakes for many years now!  My love started at the original Beverly Hills location when I would visit my parents.... it was a must stop with one to eat there and at least two to go! Sooooo I was beyond excited when I found out that Las Vegas was going to have its own Sprinkles store! I am very pleased with the location they chose for the shop, I love the Linq location and love the opportunity it provides for everyone to try the Sprinkles amazing magical cupcake goodness! When it comes to the cupcakes.... I can honestly recommend all of the cupcakes on the menu, of course some cater to your taste buds more, but I can say I don't think that there is really a bad one.  You have to be sure to try the specialty ones, because they are never around long enough!  The practical black and white and vanilla milk chocolate are some of my classic favorites!THANK YOU SPRINKLES FOR COMING TO LAS VEGAS!You have to try the cupcake ATM- just for fun! And always remember a doggie cupcake for your best friend at home!
4	I've been craving sweets since yesterday & was really looking forward to getting my favorite at Sprinkles... The strawberry cupcake. But unfortunately when I went in, they didn't have anymore. So I opted to try something different & got the lemon blueberry. It was surprisingly good! Would definitely get it again.
5	I've heard on more than one occasion that "Sprinkles Cupcakes is just a fad" "They're not that good" "Just another chain" Um, I'm sorry but if someone's says that to you, unfriend them. You don't need that kind of negativity in your life.THESE CUPCAKES WERE TO DIE FOR. Moist. Fresh. Perfect amount of frosting. Not to mention pretty to look at. I was introduced to these cupcakes by two big burly men. That has GOT to say something! And the fact you can make a cupcake ice cream sundae is a freakin' game changer. Excuse me while I locate a Sprinkes location near me like, now.
3	Personally, I don't think its worth the hype. Everyone always talks about Sprinkles but I've just never really cared enough to go. We were walking around to check out the High Roller when I noticed they had Sprinkles here. The ATM outside was pretty darn cute though.I was going to get a cupcake, but the line was pretty long & so we went to get ice cream. I got red velvet, My boyfriend got Captain Crunch & my brother got strawberry. The red velvet was okaaaay, nothing too special. My boyfriend looooved his Captain Crunch. He said it felt like he was really eating cereal. I thought it would be expensive too but it was about 3-something for 1 scoop. Not too shabby I suppose.
3	Ok, I may be the only person who does not get the whole cupcake craze.  I thought the cupcakes were ok, nothing special.  We had to wait in a line outside, which was weird but I understood why they were doing it.  The thing is there was no communication with the line being for the ice cream part of the store.  If you just wanted cupcakes, you could just go into the other side of the store.  They staff may want to let people know that.  There was noone in line for the cupcakes.  It was a little overwhelming when 2 to 3 gals asking what you wanted or if ive been helped.  I think the customer service was great but still a bit much.  I got 4 mini cupcakes, my friends got something with ice cream.  Again, nothing really special.  I dont think I would come back, just because I dont like cupcakes.
3	I have been to several sprinkles around the country and was excited to visit the new location in Las Vegas.  The ice cream was excellent; however, if they are going to be OPEN until midnight or 1 a.m., they should have enough food, cones, toppings to last until close.  The cupcakes were a disappointment.  I base my comment on the cupcakes based on the fact that in every other Sprinkles location the cupcakes have been nothing but perfection.  The cupcakes in Vegas were somewhat dry and the texture seemed off.  Maybe the climate affects the recipes in Vegas; if that's the case, they really should modify or evaluate the recipes.  Also please plan to be open to late hours and then cook accordingly.
4	Was pleasenlty suprsied by this cupcake today. Takes a lot to make me want to pay 4 bucks for  a cupcake. And though I wouldn't say this was a 4 buck cupcake I would say it was worth 3. Then you have tack on the extra buck for the location. I had the salted caramel cupcake. This was a very nice cupcake. Not to rich, great texture on the cupcake and the caramel and sea salt both came through. Won't go out of my way for this 4 buck cupcake but wouldn't say no to it if I was in the area and wanting a good dessert.
5	Definitely lives up to the hype!  We visited Sprinkles three times on our recent trip to LV.  We sampled red velvet, coconut, black and white, orange, carrot cake and milk chocolate varieties with red velvet being our absolute favorite.  We took advantage of the cupcake atm and absolutely loved the concept.  We will definitely visit Sprinkles every time we're in Vegas.
4	Our ice cream was delicious.  I ordered mint chip icecream. The mint tasted so fresh and genuine unlike other places I've been.
3	The ice cream is great and the cupcakes are above average.  My lower rating is based on the fact that the seating area outside is always super messy. I've been here 3 times in the past 2 weeks...midweek and weekends...and the table are covered in empty containers and other trash.  There are no garbage cans in the seating area. You have walk about 50 feet to toss trash.  As I write this, I've been outside for 15 minutes and haven't seen anybody come out to "bus" the empty tables.  It's kind of gross to sit outside and eat ice cream where melted dairy has been sitting in the heat.
5	Date & Time:  Thursday July 19, 2014 @ 1:30pmLocation:  LINQDining Companion:  The HusbandScene:  Girls in Tank Tops & Denim Cut-OffsDecor:  Adorable Cupcake & Ice Cream BarService:  EfficientDevour:  Banana Cupcake & Red VelvetTotal:  $8
5	5 stars is for cupcakes and ice cream only.... Red velvet cupcake = Yummy and Pecan ice cream = Yummy.... soo delicious!Service, I'd give 3.5 stars--Have to agree with another reviewer, the outside tables are dirty... Also in the evening I saw a super long line... I would never wait more than 5 mins for this place however, I went around lunch time... no line... enjoyed my snacks and enjoyed watching customers' reactions to the cupcake ATM... Oh, there's an idea to skip the line if you just want a cupcake.. use the ATM!  Otherwise, come back when the line's not too long if you can and try the ice cream! delicious.
2	We decided to visit the Cupcake ATM last night after midnight when they closed just to taste the product and see what it was like.  We agreed on the cinnamon cupcake.  After paying the $4.25, the little door opened and we got our cupcake.It was a regular sized cupcake and it had no frosting.  It tasted like a great BASE for a yummy cupcake with other flavors and frosting, but alone it was just...cinnamon cake.Very disappointed.  Not worth $4.25 or even what they charge in store.
4	There is major HYPE for this cupcake joint for a solid reason. Their cupcakes are monumentally delicious. Moist, flavorful, sweet, and that cream cheese frosting... ANY cupcake with that cream cheese frosting please!!! Also, next door there is now Sprinkles Ice Cream. And for the intrigued, a SPRINKLES ATM! *Joy*. Just the thought of this place makes me so happy. Except that it cannot possibly be an everyday thing unless your metabolism works as a rockstar....Also the workers here are extremely helpful . I don't know how many times they must repeat themselves but they gladly do it. Very well detailed, patient, and their descriptions make each cupcake sound even more tempting and appetizing. Add to the fact that they have really cute packaging... Sprinkles is the bomb.com.  And now they have doggie cupcakes too!
5	Really nice, upbeat staff. Delicious salted caramel cupcake! Chocolate cupcake was delicious.  The cupcake ATM is sooooocool. Not a huge fan of their ice cream though.
4	I can only write this review for the ice cream side of this place. When we went here there was a crazy line outside the door where a bouncer type worker was only letting a few people in at a time. As you waited (and waited some more) you could peruse the menu. I noticed that most flavors were only available certain days of the week and a handful of flavors were available every single day. I guessed that these were very popular flavors and when I heard they would let you try two flavors I decided to test my theory out.I tried Rocky Road which is my go to flavor but when I tried SALTED CARMEL something magical happened in my mouth and brain. When I think about it now, the name SALTED CARMEL requires me to type in all caps, but what I really want to type is SALTED MUTHA EFFIN CARMEL. Holy Samoan on a tightrope batman! This flavor is the bizness. So much so that I went back less than 48 hours later to bring a friend to try it and have another magical dopamine firework show go off in my brain. The second time I felt like a big piggy for being there again so soon so I asked for a kids cup size and they really tried to convince me that it would be too small.  I stuck to my guns and was glad I did because it was the perfect size. Thankfully this place is on the strip and not right near my house. If you're at the Linq you should try this place and the SALTED MUTHA EFFIN CARMEL ice cream. You'll be thanking me and hating me at the same time.
3	I love cupcakes and these ones are just OKAY... I had the salted caramel and the red velvet. I was disappointed that I didn't have the "umm so good" moment. Not worth the cost and the service was really slow. I did like the ice cream, chocolate and another that taste like Captain Crunch.
5	Everytime I go its super delicious! I advise if you are a fan of bananas or Captain Crunch ice cream to get those scooped together and enjoy the ice cream form of cereal and bananas. It's incredible! Customer service is great too!
4	First the fun stuff, this place is all about the theater, with the cupcakes or the ice cream. The product itself? It seemed good, certainly not bad. It's all very rich. And the portions are huge. I had an ice cream sandwich the size of a softball. The kids each had their own sundae, that they couldn't come close to finishing. My advice, plan on sharing.
4	TLDR: long lines at night for both sides; no restroom; 24-hour ATM; drinks/clothes available; awesome serviceSprinkles Cupcakes and Ice Cream prides itself on maintaining its creative-minded and pet-loving culture and it shows. The flavors rotate based on the days of the week, but at $3.75 a pop, some argue it's not even worth it. I very much enjoy my buy one, get one free cupcakes and sometimes I'll splurge on one. But they're sooooo good! I would avoid the black and white-it's just too bland compared to the rest.This location has 4 seats, but no restrooms and an ever-crowded atmosphere. The cupcakes are generally always fresh and the ice cream never with freezer burn. If you're willing to invest in this expensive dessert, I recommend getting an ice cream with cupcake topper. Indulge your sweet tooth!The service is always on point and you are welcomed with a smile most of the time. You can purchase coffee, milk, water, or apple juice and you can even take a mini cupcake home to your dog. Their packaging is classic and there's always a sticker for every occasion. If you have the time and energy to go to the inside of the LINQ, I would recommend making the trip to try Sprinkles!
5	Perfect spot to get dessert at the Linq!  Went here for a birthday celebration and exactly midnight we celebrated with Sprinkles cupcakes.  My friends & I got assorted flavors: caramel, vanilla, and my favorite red velvet.  I couldn't help but eat my entire cake, it was so sweet and I enjoyed every bite.  Would go back again next time to try the ice cream, but there was a longer line on that side!
5	Very exicted to have my first Sprinkles experience on my trip to Vegas. Sprinkles is located in the new little village by the high roller observation ferris wheel thingy. There was no line at all in the afternoon and we headed in there. We got 2 cupcakes- triple chocolate and a banana chocolate- something like that. They were both fresh, delicious, and reasonably priced. They even have tables and chairs set up outside. Very cute place. Will def be back.
5	Red Velvet is my go to cupcake. Flavorful and moist. Always come here anytime I visit the strip. I've never tried the ice cream next door the line is always too long.
5	ATM cupcake! Genius, the line was long, and the boyfriend noticed this wonderful machine with no line.They had a variety of cupcakes, cookies, and a brownie.  Now we live in Orange County so Sprinkles isn't new to us, and even back home there's a line. But let me just go on to say I guarantee the ATM has fresh cupcakes, might even be fresher then any cupcake I've had at their shop in Newport Beach.We went with banana and man am I happy we did. So moist and delicious. I'm happy we shared.
4	Cupcake sofficissimi si sciolgono in bocca! !!  Da provare il peanut butter chip!!! Ottimo modo per iniziare la giornata! !!
5	You can never fail with Sprinkles cupcakes.
3	My niece had been begging me to take her there as she had been raving about how great this place is. So, finally I took her and my daughter. Well, they loved it, but I have to say I wasn't impressed at all. The place is cute and the service was super friendly, but the cupcake I had was not too good. I just had their mini "black and white" and it was about 2 steps below a hostess cupcake. Very dry and very little taste. That's the story! I always tell the good, the bad and the ugly...
4	I am a cupcake-aholic, I admit it. It took me a while to get to Sprinkles, everytime I was at The Linq the line was obnoxious. But the sugar crystals were aligned tonight. Everyone was crowding around the cookies and ice cream which I also want to try but those Gods will grant me access another day.So we got a box of 4 cupcakes=$15 (pretty comparable to other cupcake shops), The Lemon Coconut, The Cinnamon- Sugar, The Dark Chocolate and the Chocolate-Vanilla. We also got a Pupcake ($2.50) to take home to our dog! We found them to be very moist and delicious, the icing wasn't overly sweet, it was just enough to add a little something to the cake. I'm not a huge chocolate fan, but the Dark Chocolate cupcake was incredible, I'd get it again. Friendly, helpful staff. I think they can get rid of those nonedible decorations on the cupcakes...USELESS!Can't wait to try more because I LOVE CAKE!
4	I can't hate on a place the focuses on cupcakes and fancy's them up to try to justify their cost. Yes, the cupcakes are good and yes, I would consider taking a guest to try them out if interested, but I wouldn't go there just to satisfy a craving due to the price.
5	Love this place. Gets busy fast. Great selection of cupcakes. Better tasting than the one in Beverly hills.
5	There's no such thing as a "lucky" blood sugar crash, but while walking around the Linq and riding the High Roller, my blood sugar took a sharp dive.  Now, there is definitely no shortage of options, but I insisted on going to Sprinkles and fortunately there wasn't a line.  A blueberry cupcake and some milk helped me make a delicious recovery.The cupcakes here are fantastic, the only problem I had was deciding which one to get, I wanted to try them all, sadly there's no way of doing that and maintaining your dignity.   But I did take a four pack home with me, the cupcakes stayed good during the long summer drive and when I had the last one 5 days later, it was still delicious.  Sprinkles' fame and reputation are well deserved!
2	With all the hype Sprinkles gets, my expectations were overpriced (I figured about 6 dollars per cupcake) but really tasty cupcakes.  I was wrong on both accounts.We arrived and chose the cupcake line.  There is a separate counter for ice cream and cookies.I was pleased the prices were reasonable. $3.00 for a cupcake is on par with less trendy shops.   I was disappointed that they did not have most of the flavors which were listed on the wall.  I settled on a raspberry cupcake as the sign said it was a seasonal favorite while my daughter ordered their specialty red velvet cupcake and we also tried their mini chocolate marshmallow for $2.00.The chocolate marshmallow cupcake was horrible.  Neither my daughter nor I could finish it and it tasted like a rum based dark chocolate topping with a strong bitterness.  The raspberry cupcake was overly sweet but definitely tasted like fresh raspberries were used in the making of the frosting.  I could only handle a small bite of it due to the sweetness.  Unfortunately the cupcake was not moist inside and rather crumbly.  It tasted stale or store bought instead of handmade.   The red velvet cupcake was only slightly moister but when I picked it up, the top came off and the cupcake fell to the ground.  I am all for cupcake tops but this only happens with dry cupcakes. The flavor on the red velvet cupcake was good and this is the only one of the three I would ever try again.
4	Well finally got my long awaited Sprinkles cupcake in. It not often am down on the strip in general but since had visitors in town. Perfect opportunity not only to walk off some Bacchanel Buffet across the street. My friends never seen The Linq so killed two birds with one stone. YAY! As always every time walking down The Linq the exterior sign just screams at me fun! Especially at night with all the bright colors, and cool design. It not only on the outside. Soon as you walk in looking at the display of cupcakes. Bold assortment of different cupcakes. Sooo many had hard time choosing my first Sprinkles cupcake flavor. Talk about throwing curve ball never knew they sold mini cupcakes on top of the healthy side gluten free ones. I love the way all the cupcakes are displayed and every one looks like perfect cupcake (same size, icing nice and smooth even all around, and not one squeezed up next to one another). They do seasonal cupcakes so just cause you seen one this trip might not see it again. But if hit right cycle see it again. Another section that does the ice creams but this trip just looked at cupcakes but next time get something from the other half. I ended up settling on the raspberry cupcake. I really thinking red velvet but wanted something different. Raspberry was awesome! Like mention all the cupcakes look like piece of artwork. I feel guilty that first bite not sure best way attack it. I did both frosting by itself and all. The cupcake by itself amazing really taste hint of raspberry  in it. Moist. The frosting was da bomb. Again had nice raspberry flavor not over the top but just right on. The only thing that would say not fan of is the price$$$ But then again for gourmet cupcakes the prices they charge is the going rate. If want indulge in cupcake Sprinkles is great way get the fix in. I know next time walking down The Linq will get my cupcake fix on.The service felt was awesome. I never went was packed. I seen that when gets so busy they make line outside and control amount of people in store at one time. Smart but on hot summer Vegas days not many fans. They have full staff so not much waiting going on. The longest wait is trying to decide which flavor want get cupcake fix on. Talk about nice packaging from the boxes. I just ordered one and simple paper bag nice and Sprinkles sticker seal it. Count I will be back again.
5	Amazingly decadent. Besides the wonderful interior display, you'll find warm smiles from wonderful employees. But most importantly, the ice cream was amazing! Made better than the gelato and sherbet you'll find at Bellagio or the Venetian. Besides that you can also get a red velvet waffle cone which is not only unique to this location, but soft and delicious.
2	Oh, Sprinkles, you were such a disappointment. Everyone raved about you. I love cupcakes. We were supposed to be a match made in heaven, but you were an awkward first and second date.First and foremost, there are two doors: Ice Cream Orders and Cupcake Orders. If you order only cupcakes, you can enter the other door (I was smart enough to ask). As it was about 11 PM at night, the line was still a bit long and the cupcakes were sparse. The counter staff was friendly, pleasant, and informative.I like that Sprinkles offers both traditional, vegan, and gluten-free options. I like that there is a Cupcake ATM for afterhours cupcake delights. I guarantee the drunken, twacked out people watching is 24k gold. Sprinkles is overhyped and overpriced. #sadcupcakeface
5	Gotta love a sprinkles cupcake! They are so moist and flavorful. Their peanut butter chip is my all time favorite & love when they have seasonal ones to enjoy as well. The staff at this sprinkles is always extremely friendly and remembers who we are. ( not sure if that means I have a problem or not so let's just stick with an awesome staff)
4	I had the Vanilla cupcake and it was really good! Great location and friendly service!
4	This place is so cute! The cupcakes are really delicious and you have so many to choose from. I had the chocolate and hubby had lemon and we both loved it. Moist, not to sweet goodness. ...I'm going back before I leave Vegas
2	Save your money! I have heard rave reviews of Sprinkles cupcakes. I also watched every episode of Cupcakes Wars which the creator of Sprinkles cupcakes judges (now I think I will rethink her opinions).  I got the cinnamon "cupcake"...I use the term cupcake loosely since mine tasted more like a dense muffin. Even if I poured milk directly on it I doubt it would be moist. My friend ordered the vanilla cupcake with milk chocolate frosting, also nothing to write home about. Overall I was thoroughly disappointed since I LOVE sweets. There are plenty of other local cupcake shops that I would choose over this chain. If someone bought me another cupcake from Sprinkles I would try it in hopes of redeeming the name but I will not be spending my money on these MUFFINS again. Sorry Sprinkles....step it up!
4	They have great selections.  The cupcakes are always fresh.  My favorite is the Red Velvet.  If you are going to give it as a gift, they package the cupcakes in a very nice presentation.  I definitely have it as a desert after a ride on the High Roller.
3	Yummy flavor and the red velvet cone was really good.  We had the red velvet ice cream with a red velvet cone.  Service was good until we found out our ice cream had a long piece of black hair in it.  We told them right away and they just chuckled and quickly made us a new one.  Didn't apologize for anything but just handed us the ice cream.  I'm not looking for an apology I just want them to be aware that there was a piece of hair in it but instead they just laughed about it, I find that a lite rude
5	Sprinkles can do no harm in my book!  Service always comes with a smile. Prices are very reasonable in the scope of gourmet bakeries. The best seasonal cupcake flavors pop up often that keep me coming back. The frosting on everything is to die happy. Structurally this location has all the extra special Sprinkles amenities like cupcake ATM and attached ice cream shoppe.
3	I really like Sprinkles, but their frosting can get a little overwhelming...I got the strawberry ice cream with mini red velvet cupcake.It's a really cute store but their employees at this Sprinkles was a little lacking... They were playing with their phones and gossiping to each other while there were customers in line. Sure it's fun but it's a little unprofessional to say the least. They were friendly but still.I thought the strawberry ice cream was a little too sour? I wasn't sure if it was because I paired it with sweet red velvet, but the cream cheese frosting did get overwhelming that I had to just discard it.Overall I enjoyed the experience with my new friends. I definitely won't go back to this Sprinkles on purpose though.
4	As soon as you walk in everyone welcomes you. Employees have smiles on their faces. Ive been here a couple of times. Ive had the red velvet cupcake! Its so good omg! I cant wait to try more! Its a bit pricey but hey its pretty good quality, i don't mind it. I always come to sprinkles when I am visiting the LINQ. Must hit this spot if you are visiting Vegas! They even have a cup cake ATM! Pretty cool if you ask me.
4	Sugar Bomb !  Explosion !We stopped by to add some fuel to the whole Diabetes Type 2 debate and the sugar definitely won the debate.   No rebuttal from Diabetes... he just sat there.We had the ice cream on a Red Velvet cone.  Got one single scoop of butter pecan and it was grandly awesome.   Ice cream not too sweet... and they put ALOT of it and it filled up the entire cone !Next time must try the cup cakes !Ka Boom !
4	As with every Sprinkles location I've been to, the cupcakes are wonderfully sweet. Tip: when purchasing a common flavor like vanilla or chocolate, go for the cupcake covered in jimmy sprinkles rather than their signature round (Necco wafer-like) dot. The dot is hard and crunchy and flavorless, but the small sprinkles are yummy. :)
2	After the Yelp Hash House event all my Yelp friends wanted to check out Sprinkles for dessert. I'm not really a sweets person, but I knew Joel would want something.It's kinda confusing because they have a separate line for cupcakes and separate line for ice cream. Both lines can merge if it's busy and it's hard to tell who's in what line. They also only have certain flavors on certain days when it comes to their ice cream. Since it was super hot out we picked  a small scoop of Triple Chocolate. It set me back about $4. The taste of it wasn't that great. For that kind of money I'd rather have gone to Yogurtland. They do have a cupcake ATM that is a cool feature. The staff was friendly and it's not their fault they are gouging people for subpar ice cream. Do yourself a favor and skip this place and save the money. I sure wish I had.
5	Why, why, why?!?W Why can't we get a Sprinkles that serves Ice Cream out here in the Bay, why?$4.04 for cupcake in my ice cream. Red Velvet, $4 is worth it! The cream cheese ice cream and munching on the hidden red velvet cupcake inside. It was heaven, I could've died twice, I wouldn't mind.Almost $8, I got the cupcake ice cream sandwich. Again, I chose the red velvet.I'm drooling for some now. The cupcake top and the ice cream together and the frosting... I miss this Sprinkles so much :( I'd fly out there just for this...
3	We tried this place after riding the High Roller. The cupcakes were good and the cupcake ATM was a cool feature, but I wouldn't say it was the most amazing cupcake ever. So, I give this place a good but not great. If you are in The Linq and really want a cupcake its a good place to visit, but I wouldn't go out of my way to go to the Linq just to try this place.
5	This place did not disappoint at all! I watch cupcake wars and purposely go to any of the cupcake bakeries in a city I visit- especially the famous ones. I love indicate and unordinary flavors such as lavender or chili chocolate etc. I found what I was wanting there! The plain flavors are there too. The cake was flavorful and moist and the frosting was the perfect amount. The whole store is organized perfectly and the staff was top notch. The boxes, the shirts, even the bags had the little details that matter too. Everything was like a little treat ... Just what a cupcake should be. Even the building structure was spot on in design. Going back tomorrow as the plastic bags will preserve the cupcakes for travel and they even include cupcake care instructions! Adorable.
5	I love Sprinkle red velvet cupcakes,  try it with the ice cream too and its gone in no time :)The next day we went to get a red velvet cupcake from different place, but the taste and texture the cupcake cant beat sprinkle cupcakes. This sprinkle cupcakes location in Vegas open until 1 AM.
2	wtf is up with all the hype. yes the atm is cool. yes the cupcakes taste good. but they taste almost the exact same as any other fancy cupcake you would buy. two stars because for all the hype this place was a mess of a business
4	On our way to the High Roller down the LINQ's open-air avenue, I literally squealed when I spotted Sprinkes.  I didn't go inside the cupcakery which also offers ice cream and cookies.  Instead, I opted to use the famed cupcake ATM.  It was super fun and cool to use...and no line!  The cupcakes are boxed individually and keep very well.  Mine survived two days in the hotel room and a bumpy plane ride home over the Pacific ocean.  When I finally opened the box at home, my lemon coconut cupcake amazingly still looked perfect and was absolutely delicious!,
4	The new star is in town - Sprinkles is now open in Vegas on a remodeled street between what user to be Emperor's Palace and Flamingo. Open pretty late (midnight) - they serve cupcakes and ice-cream - or both in the shape of a cupcake sunday - yep! and you can get pie crust, melted marshmallows and crumbled red velvet on top as well. Too good to be true? I think there is more magic in this place than at any magic show!Oh, and for those after hours - there is a cupcake ATM (yep, like the one they have on Rodeo Drive in Bev Hills).
5	Love the location of this Sprinkles at the LINQ!  And even better that they serve ice cream here.  I got an ice cream sammy...double choco chip and a fudge brownie with coffee almond fudge ice cream in between. YUM!They have a door specifically to order cupcakes and another for the ice cream section. It was confusing at first to know where the line for which section of Sprinkles started.  My ice cream sammy was created quickly and it looked yummy and was yummy . While $9 for this ice cream sammy was a bit steep, it's still worth a try.They also have the cupcake ATM on the side of the store, which is cool.
3	I was excited when it was announced that Sprinkles was coming to Vegas. I used to frequent their Newport Beach location when I lived in California, and thought they were the best cupcakes ever!! So we waited a few months before coming here. I had heard from a few people that the lines were ridiculously long and that the cupcakes were not very good. I thought ok, maybe they just need some time to get their sh!t together.My husband and I finally stopped in after eating dinner at the Yard House and riding the High Roller. When you walk in, you will notice that cupcakes are on the left and ice cream is on the right. I ended up buying 4 cupcakes, but was kind of disappointed when I ate them at home. The cake wasn't as moist and the frosting wasn't as tasty as I remember. :( However, my husband ordered the sprinkles sundae, which was actually pretty good! Ok, so its just a cupcake cut in half with a scoop of ice cream in the middle. I don't know if the milk chocolate cupcakes were just fantastic that day, or if ice cream just makes them that much better. But I highly recommend the sundae if you are going to spend your $ here! Overall, I am disappointed that they are not as good as I remember. Customer service on the ice cream side needs improvement since none of them were greeting customers and it basically seemed like they didn't care. Plus, the location is inconvenient for us locals who don't really spend time on the strip!
4	I love Sprinkles Cupcakes! I've been to a couple different Sprinkles locations (San Francisco & Near Napa). The other locations seemed to have more options for people with dietary restrictions. The red velvet was the only flavor offered at this location. Normally the gluten free ones change between chocolate and vanilla. All other flavors are on a schedule and some are offered everyday.Delicious! The cupcake was flavorful, cake was light and moist, while the cream cheese frosting complemented the cake part really well. I would like to go back tomorrow for a cupcake...we will see.
4	I love sprinkles!! We love the cupcakes, ice cream and this time we tried the root beer float that was on point! Cupcake machine wasn't working though
3	After having a great time at the Brooklyn Bowl we where headed home and decided to give sprinkles a shot. We are not cupcake fans and I really don't like sweets. So we split one cupcake just for the hell of it. I can't remember which cupcake we had but it was extremely sweet I couldn't t finish my half and wifey wasn't impressed either. I could imagine if I had a whole one I would be bouncing off the walls.
5	Super yummy smores cupcake. Came on a Thursday night so no excessive wait.  They had a nice sugar free red velvet cupcake for hubby.  Really friendly staff.  Much better tasting then some of the other specialty cupcake places in town.
3	Who doesn't love cupcakes?  Nobody, that's who.  If you happen to find yourself in Las Vegas in the new Linq area, drunk and hungry for cupcakes at 12am, you are in luck!  After a fun ride on the High Roller we walked back through the Linq heading back to Las Vegas Blvd and what did we happen to see?  Sprinkles!  We decided that all of a sudden nothing sounded better than a cupcake so we went inside.  There was a long line but lucky for us it was for their ice cream and not their cupcakes.  We made out decisions, purchased, and sat outside to enjoy our cupcakes.  Since it was Halloween/Fall they had a delicious looking caramel apple cupcake so that is what i had.  It was good but nothing close to the best cupcake I have ever had.  My friends felt the same about their banana and vanilla cupcakes.  One of the coolest things I have ever seen was their cupcake ATM.  Yes, it really is an ATM that dispenses cupcakes instead of cash.  I rather have cash but cupcakes are a close second.  If the line is long you might as well use the ATM outside since it is fun and gives you the same thing as inside.
3	I could have just read my food twin, Jessica M.'s review, and known better. But did I? NOPE! Fail, major one. I have had two Sprinkles experiences. First, my wonderful boyfriend surprised me at work one day with mini cupcakes and fresh cookies. Like almost still warm, so fresh. The cookies were amazingly good. For sure one of the best I have had. But wait, I thought Sprinkles was a cupcake place? My coworker and I split the minis and they were decent. But did not compare to the cookies. My second experience was after a super cool Yelp event. A few of us decided to try this place for a sweet spot. I got a cupcake, some ice cream, and a few cookies togo.The ice cream, nasty. DID NOT LIKE AT ALL. The regular size cupcake. Eh. It was ok, but not worth the price or the fame. I actually enjoyed the minis more. The cookies the second time around, also eh. They were not as fresh and didn't live up to the previous enjoyment I once had. Is Sprinkles a way cool addition to the Linq area and the wheel? YES. Will it bring in a shit ton of money? HELL YES. Will I return? Proabaly not when there are quite a few mom and pop bakeries with better prices off the strip. This place is great for some, just not for locals. If you are a tourist, go get yourself a $5 cupcake out of the cupcake ATM. That's the cool part, not the actual product.
4	I think Sprinkles is a delightful experience. After watching Cupcake Wars on Netflix, I was inspired to google them and found they has a store and a cupcake ATM right here in Vegas! Adorable place and neat location. I was in the area staying at the Linq (Then Quad) a year ago, I had a horrible experience. Sprinkles and all of the wonderful shops just opened up around February this year. I am looking forward to visiting this location again. The coffee is also a reasonable price. I loved it. The reason it is only getting 4 stars is because some of the flavors aren't as awesome as I thought they would be.  The banana cupcake tasted like an overly sweet banana bread. The coconut is the best and I also enjoyed the salty caramel. I still have many flavors to try. Didn't have a chance to use the ATM, but someone else did and it took 10 minutes for the cupcake to come out. I don't know if it is suppose to take that long. The staff was very helpful and had great personalities. Overall a lovely place to visit have a cupcake and cup of coffee.
5	I have nothing bad to say about Sprinkles Cupcakes. Their Salted Carmel Cupcakes was goodlious. When you walk in it's not like any other bakery. It feels clean and you can see all their flavors upfront behind a glass window. Pricey for a cupcake but, an experience that you cannot miss and they are located near the Linq and other great finds near the strip. Also don't forget to try the ATM!
5	Damn, Sprinkles Cupcakes are good! Had the pumpkin and got a free mini...the staff was nice and beautiful location. I have yet to find their ATM, tho! ;)
5	Not only does this location have all the delicious cupcakes you've come to love from Sprinkles, they also have Sprinkles cookies and ice cream! We don't have these delicious additions at the location in Chicago so I was super excited. I had a Red Velvet waffle cone with Red Velvet ice cream and my husband had an Ice Cream Cookie Sandwich with one chocolate chip and one Snickerdoodle cookie with vanilla ice cream in between. Seriously, heaven.
5	Sprinkes - my favorite place for cupcakes!This location now has ice cream and cookies (but no Cupcake ATM)Yes they are expensive - but you are paying for a brand and top notch cupcakes.This trip I had the Smores and of course, the black and white.The smores was good, but I still saw Black and white is the best!
3	I first tried a Sprinkles cupcake in Scottsdale, AZ a handful of years ago and was quite happy to sample several specimens at the time.  Successive visits yielded similar reactions: sugar high that mellowed out to a general state of well-being only induced by baked goods.  My visit to the Linq location last night was enjoyable enough, but I think I'm done paying almost $4/cupcake.  Yes, I'm paying for the "brand name" and slick marketing, but still, that's pricey.  I'm glad that Sprinkles offers mini-size cupcakes (only $2!) for those who still want a treat but are trying to be disciplined (like me...sort of).  My red velvet mini cupcake was tasty: cake had nice texture, but come on, all I tasted (and cared about because I'm really 3 years old!) was the cream cheese frosting.  Yum.  Cookies and ice cream are new-ish products, but I can't comment on the quality because I didn't order either item.FYI: One can request "frosting shots!"  Yes folks, one can still ask for a little paper cup full of whatever flavour frosting you want, just in case the gargantuan amount of icing on your cupcake isn't enough already (like in my case).  So, Sprinkles, you're cute and fun and A-OK in my book.
5	The best ice cream ever. Captain Crunch, Red Velvet, Salty Caramel!! Brownies are moist and dense i love it. Salted Oatmeal cookie its like a breakfast cereal in a cookie! Most of the stuffs in there can give you diabetes. But it sure is worth it.  Keep an eye on there OTM cupcakes Banana Cupcake with Caramel Frosting is BOMB! If you are lucky enough maybe you get to taste it. Pumpkin with Toasted Marshmallow as well.
5	We had the red velvet and what I believe was called the lemon drop (you get the idea) and they were both delicious. The stand out to me was the red velvet. I actually didn't eat it for almost a day and a half after buying it and it was still damn delicious. I would return here in a heartbeat!
3	Very limited flavors when we were there. Very expensive too. Happy that they had a mini one since I wanted to try it and I count calories.
5	Cupcake and Ice cream, yes please what more can a girl ask for. Tried the lemon and coconut cupcake with a side of vanilla bean ice cream. Delicious.!! I might have to stop by after dinner to get some more dessert.
2	We have a sprinkles in Dc and I am not impressed with their cupcakes but after the high roller ride my hubby had a sweet tooth. The shop was packed but not cramped like in DC. There were not many cupcake flavor options maybe 4-5 different ones. My husband got the banana cupcake and thought it was good. I got a vanilla with sprinkles and it wasn't good at all to me. I am giving them a two because we had small talk with the employees and they were really friendly. The shop was also clean and not cramped. There are a few tables inside and outside for customers. Sprinkles is located in a cool looking newly renovated alley area that takes you to other restaurants, shops, and the high roller. Like I said I'm not a fan of Sprinkles but maybe others enjoy their brand.
2	Stopped by to try the famous Sprinkles. We got a Pumpin, a Triple Cinnamon and two doggie cupcakes. The dogs lives their cupcakes. The Human cupcakes were dry. It was worth a one time stop.
2	Overrated.
5	I love Sprinkles!I always make a Sprinkles stop if I'm visiting a city with one and Vegas just recently opened this location in the Linq complex in March 2014.Sprinkles still remains my favorite cupcake shop and this location is great because it doesn't have the crazy lineups like the other cities I've been to and it's open super late (1 a.m.) It has both the ice cream and cupcake sides nicely separated.I can't think of a flavor that I don't like, but red velvet, lemon, lemon coconut, s'mores and Cuban coffee are my favorites. Seems like orange was discontinued unfortunately since it's not on the current flavor card :(Bright and happy decor/service and totally worth $3.75/cupcake.
3	its alright, a little pricy, floats also are available.
1	I went to Sprinkles during it's first month or so of opening and was excited because of the hype and when I got my cupcake I was so disssappointed. It was disgusting. I don't know if it was just because they hadn't been open for long and were still getting the hang of things, but my double chocolate cupcake was extremely dry and lacking all the flavor. The icing was better than the actual cupcake and that's sad. My cupcake tasted more like cornbread than a cupcake. Totally not worth $3+. I'd rather go to ghiradelli across and spend more, and get better dessert. It's just simply way too overhyped.
3	Overpriced at $3.75 a cupcake that's nothing but mediocre.Way to sweet and the icing tastes funky. The selection was poor.  I guess a good location with a cute name and the crowds will come regardless.
5	What a neat place!  Heavily,  beautifully frosted cupcakes and Ice cream flavors galore, with all of the toppings!  Every kids dream!  The outside seating is pleasant, right next to a fountain,  and you'll be graced with bird friends.
4	Sprinkles is a great treat after a nice dinner - literally the icing on the cake.  The cupcakes are good but for me, the real deal is actually their ice cream!  They have tons of flavors and you can add pretty much any topping including sprinkles, chocolate, fruits, nuts... even gummy bears!  I like that they have both big cupcakes & small cupcakes for people of all sizes.  They also have coffee & hot chocolate.  I love the super cool cupcake ATM over on the side of the building (by the outdoor tables). Who wouldn't love a cupcake ATM everywhere they went?  I totally prefer getting cupcakes rather than my bank account balance!My only small peeve about Sprinkles is their confusing different flavors for different days chart.  It's really, really annoying to be looking forward to a certain flavor of ice cream & then be told they don't have something as simple as Chocolate Chip because it's not the 2nd Thursday of the month.  It's really arbitrary and I think they should have regular flavors like chocolate/vanilla/chocolate chip - the staples, every day of the week.Other than that, my whole family loves making a pit stop at Sprinkles when we visit the Linq!
4	Cupcakes are just ok.  The cake part was fair, the frosting was good.  I did like that they have  secure carryout boxes.
3	Tried out the Sprinkles in Vegas at The Linq which is on the Strip.  Easy to find parking because it's near the Flamingo.Sprinkles FB sometimes has Bogo deals, I lucked out when I went they had a Holiday Bogo so Buy 1 ice cream get 1 FREE.  I should have asked for samples, but I just went with the peanut butter cup ice cream $3.75 on a Red Velvet waffle cone $1 extra.  B. got boring vanilla in a cup.  B. also got a coffee but you have to pay on the cupcake side of the store.Tasted ok, nothing special.Cupcake ATM is outside.
4	Stopped here to get some cupcakes and was surprised at how much I liked them. I've been by several times just to pick up a cupcake from the ATM for dessert. I went inside once and the line was kind of crazy so the ATM works great. The only downside is that the ATM gets used a lot and sometimes they are out of certain flavors. I like the strawberry and peanut butter cupcakes the best. The cupcakes are moist and I find the more traditional flavors to be the tastiest. I tried a couple of the fancier flavors and wasn't too impressed while my wife really liked them. They also have ice cream inside and cupcakes for your dog and there are also tables and chairs outside to sit. I tried a cookie from the ATM and found the price and taste to be not so good. I'll stick to the cupcakes. I could see my wallet having a heart attack if I bought a whole dozen given the price of the cupcakes however just stopping by for a cupcake or 2 for dessert makes it more justifiable and the fact that they taste better than the average cupcake makes it's worth it.
2	I finally gave Sprinkles a chance. One star for interior decoration and another star for decent service. I'm pretty picky when it comes to cupcakes, but I came out of here thinking that I could make myself a better cupcake with my own oven/kitchen. The cake itself was really dry and crumbly and I'm not really a fan of thick icing. Maybe I should have tried their ice cream or sandwich, but with just their basic cupcake really lacking, I'm not sure the specialty treats would have been too much better. However, I would say try it out for yourself, see if you like cupcakes made the Sprinkles way!
4	I've always wanted to try sprinkles!So good. Not overly sweet. Well balanced cupcakes! I tried the banana, pumpkin, and strawberry. All delicious. The location is great! On linq promenade so there's other stuff in the area. Nice walk. Near the high roller.
5	I love this place, I used to watch cupcakes wars on the food network channel so I know a little about the founder. When I found out they were opening one in vegas I was so exited !!! I have came in a couple times and every time I go I love the employees they're so helpful and friendly. I always get the red velvet ice cream, with red velvet cupcake pieces inside. I recently tried the oatmeal salted cookie. Omg I love it. It's worth the try.
5	SMILES+ Cupcake line is separate from ice cream line. Convenient if you want one, but inconvenient if you want both.+ Fork and spoons are really unique. Wooden like!+ Cupcake ATM machine located outside! So cool. + Smores cupcake was sooooo yummy.FROWNS- Ice cream line can move slow. Especially if there's one girl making the orders and another at the register.OTHER~ So much cupcake and ice cream flavors, I just want to try it all~ Located on the Linq promenade. So much fun to walk down!
4	Thank you Sprinkles for actually providing a cheap ( $3.75 with no up-charge for gluten free dessert that is like finding a needle in a haystack) and tasty late night snack.Like others have mentioned, if all you want is a cupcake, make sure that you stand in the actual cupcake line as there are two, one for cupcakes and another for ice cream. The cupcake menu is on the back of the wall and lists which items are vegan (v) or gluten (g) free.While there is only one option for Gluten Free, the Red Velvet, it is an option! They stored it in the back, not in the display case to separate it from the other cupcakes, and it is clearly marked, a large red 'G', topping the cupcake.Overall, the cupcake is well balanced in flavor and cake to icing ratio and actually tastes like what I remember a flour filled cupcake. I definitely will be back when I am in the area for the sweet goodness of Sprinkles.
3	If you know me at all, you'll know that a cupcake would have to be mighty bad for me not to love it. So, Sprinkles is a winner in my book.. However, the price tag did turn me off a bit.. I can't say that these cupcakes were so out of this world as to justify spending about $6 on one.Now, the cupcake itself- pretty good! I got the Triple Cinnamon, and it was moist and dense. The frosting was a little overly sweet, but like I said, it takes a lot for me to complain about a cupcake. And luckily, we came at the exact right time- the line wasn't long, but it was slow (about a 10 minute wait with only 2-3 people ahead of us). I don't know how exactly they got in the weeds, but by the time we left, the line was out of the door. Whew! I'm glad that I didn't have to wait in that madness. The staff was friendly, despite their obvious stress. If there is a way to speed up the process, that would be great!Checking it off of my cupcake list!
2	I'm going to assume that most of the people posting are fairly inebriated when they write their reviews. I had a chocolate marshmallow cupcake and I was seriously disappointed. The chocolate flavor was lacking and the cupcake was somehow both dry and greasy at the same time. It could just be the flavor combination I selected but I'm sure there are far better cupcakes in Vegas. I just know that I took one bite and didn't have another.
4	I went for both the cupcake and ice cream.  Wonderful taste to both and fresh. The cost is the only issue I had with the items you get. 2 cupcakes and two uce creams and two cookies were around $26
