4	Unfortunately the gf and I were only able to have dessert here on our Vegas trip, but next time we'll definately come back to try the menu.  We shared a slice of the pina colada cake while sitting just inside the deck area.  If you close your eyes you just might think you were on an island somewhere, especially if you have enough of their mojitos, which was made perfectly.  I'm guessing they're using the Tommy Bahama rum?FYI, the restaurant is located in the new Town Square mall about 1 mile past Mandalay Bay heading towards the airport.
1	Dear Allen -- I advise you NOT to come back for dinner.We are big, BIG Tommy Bahama fans.  We have a house on Maui with lots of Tommy barware.  My husband owns tons of Tommy's Hawaiian shirts.  We were really looking forward to eating here after standing in line for an iPhone 3G for three hours.  (At least we finally got one.)  We were seated promptly and taken our drink orders with dispatch.  That was almost the last we saw of our waiter without tripping him (and even that didn't always work).  We got water.  We were told there was no bread yet.  For appetizers I had the crab soup (OK, but not memorable) and my husband had the coconut crusted crab cakes (terrific, terrific Asian slaw with them).  Eventually we got bread, but it was so sweet (and so was the non-butter spread) that neither of us had more than a bite.  Does sweet bread make up for the bitter drinks?  The bar was backed up, so we had finished our appetizers before we got our drinks.  Maybe their Mai Tai mix had fermented.  Whatever, it was pretty ghastly and I didn't even finish it.  My husband had the Pelican Punch (Fruit Punch with not enough rum to speak of).  My husband's main course was the Seared Ahi Salad (too much wasibi sauce on it for me) and I had the Chicken Salad Junkanoo.  What kitchen of any quality would send out a mess like this?  Consider some underripe grapes and unsweet orange slices surrounding a thick slice of toasted wonder bread (supposed to be Sourdough) with a couple of table spoons of watery chicken salad on top.  No wonder they had bread underneath the salad!  Something needed to act like a sponge for the dripping greens.  There was even an unappetizing piece of chicken skin in the salad.  My husband did want to try the Pina Colada cake that he saw on the dessert tray on the way inside, but after two tries to get more water (he got ice, no water), we paid in cash and escaped.  I don't think Tommy had this in mind for "making your escape".  Maybe other instances of this chain are better, but this was a disaster.
5	Since half of my wardrobe is Tommy Bahama, I was excited to try the Cafe.  I figured there would be a nice themed selection of tropical dishes that would be interesting, but not exactly gourmet quality.  I was very wrong.  This place is great! We started with the coconut shrimp, which was of course excellent, but what really surprised me was the steak.  This was maybe the second or third best steak I have had.  I would put it above Flemings and Ruth's Chris, but way below Pappas Bros.  The environment, in true Tommy Bahama style, is very laid back.  And while we were there they had an incredibly talented guitarist playing some great music.  It really made for a great meal.  I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking to break away from the Strip for a nice dining experience.
5	The service was extraordinary!  ESPECIALLY for Vegas, where I've been disappointed time after time.  (We go out at least once a week, and find the service in this city atrocious).Water, check, bread basket, yummy, check, attentive service, check, great drinks, check...JB ordered the special, some kind of creole Mahi Mahi which he found excellent. (I don't eat fish, but it was beautifully presented) and a caesar salad, which was the real deal.A friend and I'd had a late lunch so we shared a basket of fries (nice fresh cut fries) and I ordered the Tortola Tortilla Soup, wonderfully filling, very generous bowl, savory and our friend ordered the Cooper Island Crab Bisque, which she thoroughly enjoyed.It's a bit pricey, but worth an occasional splurge.  Live steel drum music, and I was transported to an island or the Florida Keys... aaaahhhhhhhh!  Lovely.
4	Ok I'm a liltte shocked that I actually liked this place considering that they are more famous for super cheesy  "island attire" (think Jimmy Buffett).  At any rate we were there for a private bday dinner for my mother in law and I have to say  that they made her day. The service was attentive, the food was actually good, and the sangrias were delic (maybe that's why the food tasted so good??). They also let her bring her own bottles of wine for the 30+guests there and had a wonderful huge coconut cake with candles for dessert. She was beaming the entire night and we all had a great time. Can't say what its like for dining in the main area, but for private parties its excellent...
5	My mom and I went for a girls day out...I had the Seared Ahi Salad  and she had the fish tacos. The food was WONDERFUl and our waiter John was AWESOME. I will have to take my husband next time on a date night.Really good food.
1	Wow, what a difference over the course of a year.  I reviewed Tommmy Bahama's almost a year ago, and I thought it was great.  The steaks were great, and even the sweet potatoes, which I normally don't like, were great.  We have been going to Tommy Bahama's about twice per month since then, and each time has been good, with the exception of this last time.  Things started off okay, we got our table, got our appetizers, and all was good.  But then the steak came.  My girlfriend just thinks it was overcooked, but it tasted like much cheaper meat to me.  The filet was bland and stringy.  And the sweet potatoes were actually the same, tasteless and stringy.  Odd, but true.  The whole meal was sort of so-so.  The service was okay, but there was something not quite right.  The staff seemed on edge.  It was a weird feeling, like they were just not happy to be there.  And then the topper; my girlfriend put some sweet potato on a smaller plate to try them out, and some women came by and snatched her plate of food away.  She still had her food on it, and the woman never asked if we wanted it taken away.  The woman was wearing a pink polo shirt, so she looked more like one of the managers than a server.  We thought about complaining, but it just felt like maybe it wasn't worth it.  Not to look to much into this, but I wonder if the place is having financial issues, so the food is not as good and the people are on edge.  Either way, it's a shame because this was a regular place for us to hang out for a nice dinner out, and we would usually grab some stuff from the store after the meal.  We may give it once last chance, maybe this was an off night, but it feels like the magic might be gone from this one.
4	After filling our tummies with HH food specials from Brio, Tommy Bahama's Tropical Cafe was next on our happy hour tour along Town Square.They offer happy hour daily from 4 pm to 7 pm.They do offer quite a few drinks and food items such as small plate appetizers for $5 and drinks ranging from $3-$7.  (Beer $3, Martinis $7)  We only stuck to the drink menu this time around.I started off with: * Coconut Cloud Martini "Tommy Bahama White Sand Rum, Stoli Vanil vodka, Cruzan Coconut rum, cream of coconut, shaken, strained and sprinkled with toasted coconut." - A smooth drink of coconut goodness that has you transporting to the islands soon!  Their touch of toasted coconut on top really brings the drink together and gives it a nice crunch and aftertaste.  Next up: * Kohala Coladas "Bacardi Superior rum and cream of coconut added to your favorite flavor - Mango, Key Lime and Pina Colada - blended with ice and topped with a dark rum float."  I went with mango for mine and you really can't go wrong with a colada here.  A piece of pineapple and an umbrella tops it off.The Husband isn't usually one for 'fruity' drinks, but the lure of banana and coconut had him downing a few of these babies:* The BBC "Bailey's and Emmet's Irish Cremes, fresh banana and cream of coconut, blended with ice." - What can I say but damn, this is good. It tastes like a coconut and banana smoothie.  At first you can't even taste the alcohol, which of course has you wondering if there's really any in it.  But once you get up, you'll feel it.  There's good stuff in there!It wasn't too busy on a Friday afternoon, compared to the other neighboring restaurants running happy hour.  I think it's because their bar is all inside and you do have a "Tommy Bahama" type crowd if that makes any sense.  Our bartenders were pleasant and drinks arrived quickly, so we had no problems with service here at all.  And there's live music too - someone playing a few cover songs is an added bonus.Overall, Tommy Bahama's is a more laid back place to be when you want to sip some umbrella drinks, feel like you're on vacation, and not get mixed up in the dress to impress crowd.  And plus, their drinks are yummy good and the alcohol definitely sneaks up on you.
2	Meh.... $20 for a chicken Caesar salad is a tough sell even in town square. Too much good competion in the same mall for that.
4	I went to this place after I discovered that Yard House almost requires a reservation for a seat at the bar on a Saturday night.  Almost every dish on the menu has overtones of something tropically influenced.  The service was excellent and the time to wait for the meal was reasonable.  The food itself was sweet in dishes where it didn't have to be (i.e.: the butter was infused with what seemed like cinnamon and sugar).
4	I had really good service when I went to Tommy Bahama for dinner.  My friend works in their marketing dept, so I figured she had said something to our waitress.  However, when the check came and our friend's discount wasn't on there, we found out that they had never spoken about us.  The waitress was just really good to everyone!  We enjoyed our dinner; I had the Sanibel Stuffed Chicken ($29), and it was very juicy and flavorful.  I do think the prices are a bit high, unless you go for happy hour and enjoy the yummy small plates.  I could eat one of the $5 plates for a meal, though hubby might need two to fill him up.
4	I've only been for Happy Hour, but it's always been a great experience! I love that their happy hour runs from 4 - 7 PM (Yardhouse and Brio both end at 6 PM so it's really tough to make it there after work!). Drinks:*The ones with banana were too overpowering for us. I hate that they put sprite in a mojito. It's simple syrup + club soda idiots! The sangria is decent but has lots of brandy, so make sure you're ok with that before ordering. The favorite was the mai thai - still super sweet like the other drinks, but at least had some nice tart citrus to balance it out. Honestly the drinks are relatively disappointing - I would expect perfect fruity drinks from a place inspired by Tommy Bahama's. Drinks average ~$6 during happy hourFood (All of these are $5 during HH)*Coconut Shrimp -while it only comes with 3 shrimp, they were amazing! My fiance is a coconut shrimp freak and declared these the best he'd ever eaten. We ordered a 2nd order of these as soon as we tasted them. The papaya mango sauce they are sitting in is awesome too. *Pork sliders - we found the pork dried out and over cooked. Fail. *Cheeseburgers - could use more cheese, and they were overcooked, but otherwise these are pretty damn tasty. I'd get them again. *Quesadilla - Yum! Lots of chicken and deliciousness inside. Decent portion, etc. Recommended. Love the cool classical music they play, love the vibe. Drinks could use a little work, but food was overall great. Officially added onto my regular happy hour rotation!
4	I would have never thought to go to this restaurant had someone not given us a gift certificate. We were expecting nothing, we were very pleasantly suprised. Ambiance was very island bungelow themed, live guitar from a cute sunken bar. Menu was a nice mix of seafood and someBahamanian flare. Why someone would order a chicken ceaser salad here I'll never understand?? Our waiter (who we later learned was on his first night) was great, new the menu well and guided us to great choices.Very impressive over all experience, Manager spent a few minutes with us very nice as well. I would recommend this place especially for light dinner with clients or lunches. Looking forward to trying it again.
4	Hey Maan!  Dis place is great.We were on our way out of town and saw the sign "Tommy Bahama restaurant in the town center".  I have eaten in Scottsdale, Maui, Palm Desert and was looking forward to a "leaving Las Vegas" Mai tai.We arrived just as they opened and sat outside in beautiful weather.  I started with a Mojito , rather than the Mai Tai and boy what a fine choice I made.  I never come to these for the food, rather I love the Island theme and Caribbean music, Steele drums etc.  But this time is was not just pleasantly surprised, it was delicious.  I had the Cobb salad and substituted shrimp for chicken and my bacon well done.  It was PERFECT!!!!!!Double your vacation and make this your first stop in and your last stop on the way out.Ambiance              10Food                          4Service                    4
4	They looked at me funny when they brought out the pitcher of Sangri and I asked for a straw. It was a little sweet but had a great brandy kick. We stop at all of them for a pitcher and a bowl of lobster bisque. I wish I could mass produce that stuff, and in the winter I could freeze it and skate on it and then in the spring when it melts I could eat it.Sooooooo good.
2	Very slow and unresponsive service, at one point the waitress didn't stop by for 20 minutes.   The food took over 45 minutes and was cold when it was served.  $300 meal for 4 people, better to spend your money elsewhere.  Only good point was the key lime pie.
5	This was my first time and I'm in love!  Stopped in for a quick lunch and was I surprised.  The food and service was excellent!  I had the fish tacos - awesome!  My sister and I shared the coconut shrimp appetizer and that was great...they didn't go crazy with breading, like most places.  My sister had the quesadilla and my dad had the tuna poke salad.  They both raved how great they were.We were really pleased and will definitely be back for more!  Oh yea, they gave us a slice of key lime pie for my dad's birthday...it was superb!  The best I've ever had!
5	Tommy Bahama's Restaurant & Bar is located at Town Square on Las Vegas Blvd. South.  Metered street parking was available near the entrance of the restaurant.  The bartender/hostess greeted us quickly although she was dealing with approx. 5 other tables.  The blackberry, basil, ginger cocktail was out of this world!  Exceptionally delicious, the kind of drink you will remember & crave.  The scallop sliders were fantastic and fresh, and the slivers of onion rings were the tastiest I've ever sampled.  Quick service, relaxing/calm atmosphere, flavorful food & drinks.
5	Where do I start?  There were so many good things about this Tommy Bahama experience that I think I could live there.  They'd probably mind that though, huh?My sis & I shopped at the cute Tommy Bahama store attached to the restaurant and bar before we decided it would be the perfect place for happy hour!  They had a lot of delicious looking specialty drinks but we narrowed our choice to the Blueberry Basil Smash.  And even though it was $12 a drink and we were expecting martini glass cocktails, we were happily surprised when the drinks arrived in pint glasses looking like blueberry mojitos.  :)  We definitely got our moneys worth!  These drinks are the bomb!!!  My sis found the recipe online (http://www.tommybahama.com/TBG/Stores_Restaurants/Drink_of_the_Month.jsp) and then ordered us both mojito muddlers too!  It won't be the same sipping this cocktail without her, but I'll cheers her every time I make it!The menu was filled with yummy food too.  We ordered the Coconut Shrimp and then changed our minds and got the Scallop Sliders.  These had fresh basil and cilantro on them and they were so fresh and flavorful!  I love sliders and they're always made with meat so I don't get to enjoy them.  It was kind of a fantasy to find seafood sliders.  :)The vibe was Carribean and we felt like we were on a tropical vacation with the steel drum and reggae music.  I wish Tommy Bahama had a hotel so I could stay longer.  Definitely worth the trip!
3	LOVE the plantains...  yes, plantains...  I order the fish tacos all the time when I go for lunch just to get them...  Must have.
5	I went to Tommy Bahama's Restaurant at Town Center couple time with my best friend for lunch. I was really like the decoration and the foods are amazing. My favorite dish is Crab cake. The sause that they used on crab cake dish is diffrent from the other restaurants. Its like the asian sweet chilli sauce and olive oil with a little bit lime juice. Icouldn't stop dip on the sauce. I also like ceasar salad. It's very good size for lunch. The server was very nice and cute. I always stop there when I go shopping with my girlfriend.
2	I've always appreciated how fun this place is. Great food and drinks, but dining here during the day is another experience. A little too laid-back for those of us who have a limited lunch hour. Why is it always the "other table" has the fun waiter that is attentive to service? Food was delicious (when it finally arrived), and as always, the fish tacos were great. Be careful of filling up on the fresh, warm bread and cinnamon butter while you wait for the main course.  Obviously this practically became our meal while we waited for our waiter to stroll over with our lunch.If you truly want to experience this place at its best, try the late afternoon, early evening when the sun dips and people are darting in and out of the various stores close by. Great place to meet with friends and sip mojitos.
4	I'm in love with bread they serve here... or should I say cinnamon butter they serve with bread? Either way, it's free, and I'm pretty addicted to it.I always order chopped salad here. It's so light but fulfilling. I believe they used to serve Tomato Soup here but the last time I checked, they didn't have it :( Should I try lobster bisque?
2	Okay okay, so I was raving about this place after my first visit...now, not so much. I went back and ordered the same thing I got the first time - fish tacos.  They were okay, not as good as the first time.  The people next to us complained to the manager about the ribs being cold.  My mom had ordered the same dish so we were a little scared and hoped they took the information back to the cooks.  Her meal came out and it wasn't very hot, it was pretty much warm on it's way to cold. She didn't complain because she isn't like that but I told the server at the end of the meal just so he would have a second opinion on the ribs for the night.  The service wasn't very good either.  I'm not sure I'll be back.  So disappointed, I thought this was my new fav.
3	After finding out the wait at another restaurant was 1 1/2 hours, we decided to check out Tommy Bahama's since they offer a gluten-free menu (my girlfriend is gluten sensitive) and we had not been there before. My experience was not all that enjoyable; while nothing was horrible, nothing was great either. We went at about 6:30PM on a Friday night and to our surprise, there was no wait. The hostess took her time and was in no rush to seat us - but she was nice. Once seated, the waiter had the same 'no rush' attitude and took his time greeting us.We finally placed our order (I ordered the Cuban Sandwich w/ fries and my girlfriend ordered the Gluten-Free scallops). I was very surprised at the low-price of the scallops and couldn't wrap my head around the reasoning - until they arrived. First of all, the food was delicious. The portion size of the scallop dish was very small (2 scallops on some sort of salad). Our waiter spent very little time on us and it was very hard to get anything - and once the group of women arrived at the table next to us: that's all she wrote.Overall - the food was delicious, but the serving sizes weren't great. Service was less than average. Environment was very noisy. I probably won't be going back.
3	Tommy Bahama's has a nice, relaxed and semi-formal vibe with delicious appetizers and desserts. My wife and I each felt our entrees were tasty, but we also felt we could make them ourselves with the right Food Network recipe! Considering each entree was in the $30 range (Ahi Tuna for me, Stuffed Chicken for her), we were disappointed overall.So, my advice to any one pondering Tommy Bahama's for a meal, I say skip the sit-down dinner, grab a seat in the beautiful bar area, and enjoy a few rounds of appetizers and drinks.
3	3 1/2 star, the food is good, however, way too pricy for what it is.  We shared two meals amongst four people and we payed around 30 bucks each!   Next time i'll go, i'll just stick to the bar with the live acoustic music.
4	This might be my favorite chain restaurant. Sure, it's kind of cheesy and it's attached to the Tommy Bahama store which has stuff I'd never wear (at least not for the next 25 years). But, I've been here a couple times now and everything I've tried has been tasty. During my last visit we got the scallop sliders ($11.50). There were 2 scallops in each slider, with a good bit of spice from the chipotle aioli. They've not your typical slider, but tasty nonetheless.The Saba steak salad ($17.50) was also delicious. Plenty of tender, well seasoned steak over a salad large enough for two. It also had some grilled slices of potatoes, tomatoes, and a tamarind vinaigrette.They also have a kids menu. My son is so predictable. He always goes for the chicken tenders. They're lightly breaded and the skinny fries are excellentWith drinks it came out to about $60. Yeah, a little pricey for lunch. From what I hear they have one of the biggest collections of rum around. So, if that's your vice stop by to check it out.
5	Amazing food!  I love this place.  Anytime I am somewhere warm I actually look for a Tommy Bahama's restaurant.  The food does not get any better than this anywhere!  The drinks are stellar as well.  The price, service and ambiance make this place an exceptional location for a nice afternoon lunch with friends or even a dinner date.
2	I wasn't too impressed with this place, and I so desperately wanted to be.  Here's how the experience went down:We walked in and the place reeked of pineapples, more than likely to set that tropical mood.  FYI: islands don't smell like pineapples, but whatever.We were seated in a booth, which was nice, and our server took our drink orders right away.  We threw in some appetizers and 10 minutes went by before they come out luke warm.  The plantain chips, which I expected to be fresh from the fryer, were ice cold.  Oh well.The food itself took 20 minutes to come out, which is way too long, even with refills of the bread basket.  By the time the food came out, I was full, but I tried it anyway.  The cuban is good, not great, and the other items my friends' bought: pork sandwich and jerk chicken were disgusting.  I don't eat things that look as if someone chewed it up and spat it out.  Presentation wasn't there, but it's not a 5 star restaurant.  All I ask for is good food, and the stuff they use in their sandwiches for the pork's bbq sauce and the jerk seasoning was too sweet and tasted very commercial.  Not for me, or them.Overall, nice place to spend 12-15 bucks on a sandwich, but not worth the price tag.  I'll never eat here again, no matter how decent the appetizers were.
5	Overall experiences was amazing - Dominique was great... Our server Dominique greeted us with a energetic smile, she let us know the special drink  of the day - lemon drop martini - which I ordered - he ordered a mojito as usual - Both drinks were great. While waiting for our meal, we were served warm bread w/ honey butter... Delicious - I had the COOPER ISLAND CRAB BISQUE - if you ever want to try a bit of heaven try this bisque, it is so creamy and good... He had a salad, this is going to sound funny, but the croutons was the best I ever had - fresh and crunchy... Our entrees arrived - He ordered the Special Filet MignonsGrilled, red wine demi-glace, roasted garlic, Maytag bleu cheese with grilled lemon garlic asparagus & roasted fingerling potatoes - His enjoyed his food was cooked perfectI ordered  SANIBEL STUFFED CHICKEN - Parmesan-Japanese breadcrumb encrusted, stuffed with herb cheese & roasted red pepper,roasted red pepper cream sauce with sauteed seasonal vegetables... It was different from any stuffed chicken that I have ever had - I recommend it to anyone who enjoys stuffed chickenI could barely  finish my food it was a great experiences, excellent food, amazing service and the atmosphere there was out of this world... I love Tommy Bahama's
4	Food was amazing and the staff was on point.  They recommended food that was exactly what we were looking for and it all came out in a timely manner.I will be back!
4	4 stars for a great dining experience.1 star = for the awesome customer service.  Our waiter was super nice and extremely attentive.  She made some great recommendations and was never MIA!2 stars = for the Crab Bisque.  Yum!  This soup was delish!  It is a definite must try!3 stars = for the Santiago Sea Bass.  I love fish, and this dish was made beyond my expectations4 stars = for the environment.  Well lit, and not too fancy to where you have to feel like you have to dress formal.  But fancy enough that the you feel fancy!I will definitely come here again to bring a friend for lunch or dinner.  It's a great place to come and have good conversation over a great meal.
3	we were going to another restaurant ,but it had a 25 min wait so we decided to give TB a shot.  I saw the menu an wanted to leave the prices were a little high and the menu was kind of small.   We ordered the crab cakes calloway and the big island goat cheese w/ island flat bread.. First the crab cakes they were two about 2oz ea.. it was on an asian cole slaw which sat in a pool of sweet chile sauce and olive oil.          The slaw was good but the sweet chile sauce was way too sweet, the crab cakes were meaty not to much filler and were good.        The big island goat cheese with mac nuts and a sweet soy sauce glaze was pretty good but did not care for the island bread that came with it , more like a cracker.          We both ordered the cuban sandwich it came with fried yucca. The sandwich was very good . It was pressed nicely so it had a nice crispness to it. The ham and roast pork was a decent amount. Everything was nicely balanced. The fried yucca was intresting it had a crisp crust and a creamy texture in the middle not much flavor like a potato. I kinda got used to it ,wife did not like it.  Service was very good. I took a star away for pricing and a small menu.  I think bahama breeze is a better deal and they have  a very diverse menu,if your looking for carribbean flavor.
4	This was an opportunity to try a new place, this seemed a little bit different for us, my husband and I usually avoid places like this. We've had the "real thing", island cuisine that is, so we were a bit shy at trying anything that might be a knock off, but I actually enjoyed it. We were seated right away, the bar had cozy booths that were available, and our server was also the bar keep. She took our drink and appetizers order right away, and the food was swift to come our way. We had the crab cakes, which had a very beautiful presentation. The green and red sauces were sweet chili sauce and olive oil. Then on top of that was cole slaw with a vinegar dressing. Then two golden brown crab cakes stacked on that. I thought the crab cake was really good, I had big bites of crab which I love, and the sweet chili sauce made it zesty. I don't think my husband cared for this dish, his comments were "it's too sweet". We also tried the fried goat cheese, with macadamia nuts and soy sauce glaze. I love the bold flavors. It was served over a bed of diced mango's. The cracker served with it was a little thin, since the goat cheese has pretty strong flavor a thicker wafer would be better. We both tried the Cuban sandwich with fried yucca. The sandwich came cut on the diagonal and it was difficult to eat, as each bit I lost a little bit of the insides, the meat and pickles kept sliding off. The yucca fries were light golden brown, and had a very different texture, it looked like fries, but it was very soft when biting into the wedge. The texture was too much for me, so I gave most of my fries to my husband. I did enjoy the meal, I thought the flavors were good, the service was excellent, as our server took good care of us, but I did feel it was a bit pricey.
4	My husband and I eat here at least once a month as this is one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas.  When weather is good,  outdoor seating is perfect. It makes me feel like I'm actually on vacation!I recommend the fish tacos or the shrimp & scallops with almond rice..both are amazing!  It is a little pricey but really worth it.  The wait staff is friendly and very accommodating. I brought my 22month old daughter and they made sure she was happy and kept checking on her to make sure she had whatever she needed to stay busy and content.
4	If you get the chance to check out Town Square and do some shopping, Tommy Bahama's is a great place to eat lunch or dinner.  It is so nice to sit outside on the patio when the weather is nice!  Sometimes there is a band playing live music in the grassy area nearby which sets a nice atmosphere.  We have tried:LOKI-LOKI TUNA POKE*Fresh Ahi Napoleon, guacamole, capers, soy and sesame oil with island flatbread $16.50 LOVE IT!  SABA STEAK SALAD*Marinated, char-grilled tenderloin medallions, grilled potatoes, roma tomatoes, shiitake chips, garlic aioli & tamarind vinaigrette $17.50 CABO FISH TACOSBlackened white fish, blended corn & flour tortillas, pico de gallo, chipotle aioli & Asian slaw $14.00 We were pleased with everything each time we ate here... oh and the bread with butter they bring out is awesome yummy!  :)
3	I could give this place a 4 but.....BUT the Manager of all of people made the experience so awkward.  The unemployment rate is so high EVERYWHERE that there are plenty of people who look better and posses so much more professionalism than NATALIE!  yes, Natalie.  She'll remember from the table she was so rude to earlier this evening.  Katie, an amazing server, split a salad that me and my bf had ordered.  When the food was being brought to the table half of a salad was brought out and our entire table laughed bc it looked so small.  Natalie then replies to our cackle by saying "what?... I couldn't bring both salads out"  rolls eyes and walks off.  She left us at the table stunned, we became more stunned as were were informed she was the manager of the establishment.  What nerve for a woman who is clearly dressed inappropriately (wearing a sleeveless shirt without the body to go with this type of top).  I yelped this as promised, and if it werent for the cool server the tip would have almost been non existent.  Natalie, if you dont like your job quit.  Its a waste of your time and patrons when you take your unhappiness out on us.  As for the food, it was yummy.  The regular menu is definitely over-priced but the bar is a great place to go for happy hour with  live hawaiian style music playing in the background.
5	Tommy Bahama at Town Square provided us with a really surprising and fun dining experience.We were looking for somewhere new to eat and decided to give this place a try. The giant billboard featuring a mouth-watering slice of key lime pie had been calling me for well over a year now, so tonight was the night to finally make the short drive to Town Square.Upon arrival at the restaurant I was immediately struck by how friendly the staff were. I didn't get the name of the girl who greeted us, but she was extremely welcoming and let us know that our server, appropriately named "Tommy", was excellent. She was certainly right. Tommy was friendly, sharp, congenial, accommodating - everything you want from a waiter. He gave us lots of good advice and engaged us in conversation about the food, ranging from the bread with honey-cinnamon butter, to the excellent lemonade we ordered. He really seemed to have a passion for the menu items and did a great job of at least appearing to delight in our enjoyment of them.I ordered the Sanibel Stuffed Chicken and my wife got the Antigua Quesadillas appetizer and a variety of sides to share with me. We both loved our food and were particularly taken by one of the sides, the enormous basket of plantain chips, sprinkled with cinnamon and sugar and served with a black bean, charred corn salsa with lime sour cream.Around halfway through our meal the idea of eating the key lime pie that had lured us there in the first place began to look like a bit of a pipe dream - but we were so happy we decided, what the heck. Two slices to go.Overall our experience here was wonderful, particularly helped by the pleasant outdoor dining section and the lovely early April weather. My only minor criticism of the place is the lack of any real vegetarian "main" option for my wife. She was more than happy with what she had, but a little variety would call us back all the more often. That tiny gripe aside, Tommy Bahama was the complete dining experience for me and everything that is good about a meal out. We will be back.
4	Let me start with the fact that I hate Tommy Bahama clothes. They are over priced and ugly. So now you can imagine my shock when their food is amazing and fairly priced. Everything I've had there is super good. That said, I love almost any place with plantains - but I truly feel the food and drinks are amazing. It's a good go to spot walking distance from the place I stay in Las Vegas.
4	We were scrounging around Town Square, looking gorgeous, and decided to try Tommy Bahamas, lured in by the tropical ambience.Soft guitar music played in the background, and surrounded us.We got a prime table in the corner, and perused the menu, a relaxing concoction of island fare.  Having lived and dined on many islands, both tropical and industrial (Manhattan), I ordered up the coconut shrimp and crab cakes. The first arrival was a warm  loaf of bread with four little points on it, that we tore apart and lavishly spread with cinnamon butter.   My beau got the filet minon, which was grilled to perfection.The shrimpies were the best ever, with a sweet, nutty taste provided by the coconut, and browned to perfection.  The crab cake was a decent spiced crab cake with not too much filler, and a sweet sauce.  We gullivered down the vittles, all the while enjoying the spacious tropical decor and the seranading in the background, all for a reasonable tab.
4	"If you like pina coladas..." As I do, then head over for happy hour at Tommy Bahama's in Town Square. I usually frequent Yard House and Miller's Ale House to get my half priced drink on so Tommy Bahama's was a refreshing change of pace. It is from 4-7 pm everyday and offered only in the bar.The bar was super crowded and it's easy to see why. We tried a few appetizers such as their ahi poke, chimichurri sliders, calamari noodles and fish tacos. Everything was delicious! My favorites were the sliders and fish tacos. Portions are rather small - the ahi poke was like amuse bouche - but the quality of the food made up for it. Prices weren't too bad but it adds up quickly since I wanted to try pretty much everything on the happy hour menu.There was a musician who sang and played acoustic guitar. His melodic voice almost made me think I was on vacation.  I would definitely come back to try their regular menu and for some more pina coladas.
5	Visiting Vegas from Austin and stumble into the Town Square shopping center just south of town on the strip. Couldn't have been more impressed with Tommy's. Sat outside during happy hour and had fish tacos and beer. Entertainment was good but a little loud. Service was outstanding.  Will be back!
5	WOW! Amazing. met up w/ my bestie tonight @ town square. We were both hungry so as We walked past the tommy bahama resturant. We asked to peek @ the menu & the Host at the door was very Clever.  I totally wish i remembered his name...my bestie thinks it was Corey but either way you were awesome! We got a great server...William! awesome! Great bottle of wine & not totally over priced wine list.  It's nice to see a couple bottles under $100 bucks. FOOD was OUTSTANDING!!!....Scallop sliders, goat Cheese/mango Ap, lemongrass Ahi Tuna. everything was out of this world. So many other things looked amazing on the menu we will certainly be back to try then out!!! William brought over the dessert tray & made some recommendations. 2 Chocolate things we ordered...1 with Williams recommendation of Godiva liquor poured over it........AWESOME. Arturo the GM stopped by as we were finishing up our dessert. Thanks it was great to meet you!!!! It was truely one of the best dinners I've had in a long time.  The Company (my bestie!), the service & especially the food!
4	Not bad. Coconut shrimp is awesome.
3	While heading to Tommy Bahama I was perplexed talking to my friend over the phone who had discovered they were offering a happy hour on a Thursday night. "What? You mean the place that sells the Hawaiian shirts?"Well yes, they do, but this one has a restaurant/bar attached to it. And they DO have a very wonderful happy hour menu. I started off with a Chardonnay ($6) and then moved on to their Mai Tai ($6). I wish I had had two Mai Tai's! It was delicious and it packed a punch! I was feeling a little tipsy. The presentation was nice too. I had the fish tacos off the happy hour menu. The tastes were delectable and even though they were tiny little tacos there was plenty of grilled fish in them. I love grilled fish tacos and I hate fried fish tacos, bleck. However they were a bit on the cool side. I think they may have been sitting for a few moments too long before being brought out. However, that didn't stop me from enjoying them.So, those are all the good things. Here are some not-so-good things. First off there was a guy there "playing" guitar. I use quotations because half the time he was not actually playing his guitar, but instead messing around with his Mac Book which was playing his music for him? Eh, lame. Next off when I was drinking my wine the bartender swooped up the little decanter she had given me along with the wine glass, well there was still wine in it! My jaw literally dropped and I stared at her in disbelief. She quickly deposited it back in front of me and I snatched it up and poured the rest of the wine in my glass quickly. I don't know if it was an accident, but either way it was incredibly awkward. Lastly, the bartender also dropped off the incorrect check for my friend and I (and then we never saw her again). A new bartender arrived who prodded us into purchasing more drinks, but then left us and never returned to see if we actually wanted more drinks.Luckily another bartender finally noticed our displeasure because I'm assuming it was radiating from us after being given a check that was #1 not ours and #2 WAY more expensive than our actual check. This bartender was very nice and quick to fix the mix up though.In conclusion - Tommy Bahama's not just for ugly pineapple shirts anymore!
4	Great lunch
3	The whole place was average. I thought the food was very plain and the atmosphere was not as fun as Tommy Bahama would portray.
4	We went to the bar to get out of the heat. The environment was clean and very tropical. The Bartender was attentive with a chill attitude. We decided to get drinks and a bite to eat:Mai Tai: sweet and strong and full of pineapple. Perfect for cooling off in the Vegas heat.Dark and Stormy: Made with Gosling's Black Seal Rum and Ginger Root Beer. It was strong, tart and refreshing. It's considered "Bermuda's National Drink". I had two.Key Lime Pie: Delicious and silky with the slight sweetness and tart of key lime. The crust was a moist and crumbly graham cracker crust. We'll be back for the lobster tacos.
5	It's not crowded. You feel like you're in the Bahamas. Everyone who works there is so friendly. The restroom is super clean. We had the nicest server. She wore pink and was so sweet to my infant son kept talking and checking on him. They even have a kids menu and I ordered him noodles. Our drinks were always refilled. I ordered the blackened fish tacos which came with plantains and this coconut creamy pudding in a tortilla chip bowl - so amazing. I wanted dessert but this sort of took the place of it. I would have rather have had a salad but I can't complain because it was so delicious.
5	Spectacular, island style decor.Our entrees were both delicious.
5	Two words - "Kobe Burger!" - This is a triple-threat full-flavored burger. This burger delivers on 3 levels, meat, topping and bun. Snake river farm medium-cooked meat. Crispy Shitake mushroom and onions. And toasted buttery Brioche Bun. My gosh, my mouth is watering with this review. The fries are top notch also. My big mistake was eating too much bread at the beginning of the meal. By coincidence, we stumbled upon a side of fried plantains that was divine. Similarly to the Brazilian steak houses, the plantains is cleansing to the palate but also delicious as a desert. Great Island ambiance and service, Tommy's my new favorite place to grab a burger before a movie.
4	They have a great happy hour that we take advantage of.  Cool little guitar player/singer in the corner providing some chill John Mayer/classic rock covers.The manager came over and introduced herself and gave us a free app for a future visit.  Super friendly!!  Thank you!!
4	Did you know that Tommy Bahama's actually has a restaurant and bar??? Neither did I!But I learned about it today when I was swinging through Town Square and I have to say I'm a fan!Pleasant decor, in that Tommy Bahama caribbean kind of style. Ahi Fish Tacos were delish. Loved the Tortilla Soup. Prices were great. Side salad was fabu. Server Devin was pleasant and attentive.Wish they had more locations so I could go more often.
2	Sooo...after my second time at Tommy Bahama's, I thought I would review the place. I ordered the Rustic Pasta, which I have tried before in a red sauce from friend's plate. I remember it being amazing pasta, I was quite surprise that pasta could be this good at Tommy Bahama's, after all they just sell clothes. Anyway...I ordered the Rustic Pasta for myself this time. I was quite disappointed with the dish this time around. They had changed the whole dish! It was basically a sour soup with tomatoes and pasta. Ew. My friend ordered the same thing and was quite disappointed too.We called the server over to politely ask if there was a reason why the pasta tasted the way it did, and why it had changed from before. The server, also named Tommy did not hesitate to give us the menu to change our order. I ordered the special, Parm crusted mahi mahi and green beans and lemon infused rice. By the time the second dish came out it had two hours since we sat down...I was starving. I tool a bit of the fish and it was meh, I took a bit of the lemon infused rice and it tasted like soap. I swear if the establishment isn't Indian or Asian-decent they EFF the rice up!! I swear. I decided just eat the mediocre fish and green beans off my plate and call it a day. At this point I was so exhausted from waiting for dinner I had the server just pack it. I figured I could re-purpose the food to look and taste like something else.I hear their happy hour is good for tacos and run drinks. Will stay away from Tommy Bahama's (if I can help it).
5	Had to hit this place up as one my clients told me the coconut shrimp was a gift from God. Indeed the coconut shrimp was quite a treat.Moreover the breaded chicken stuff entree I had was the highlight of my tastebuds. Thanks to the server my palate was pleased with what the Tommy Bahama Restaurant had to offer. I will be back and yes, we will order another couple appetizers of the coconut shrimp.Thanks Natalie and company!Cheers, Big O
5	On this July 2011 trip to Vegas, my husband and I decided to do some shopping and get some dinner at Town Square before checking into our hotel. Town Square is located between McCarran Airport and the Strip...but that's for another Yelp review...on to the Tommy Bahama's review...It's a store...and it's a restaurant/bar! We decided on eating here because of the atmosphere..like you're on a Caribbean vacation. There's palm trees, ceiling fans, white shutters..and it wasn't very crowded. The menu made my mouth water and I couldn't decide what to get. So since we were on vacation we decided to not hold back! Ready for this? We ordered and shared the Ahi Tuna Tacos, Seared Scallop Sliders, Coconut-Crusted Crab Cakes, the Crab Bisque, the Mushroom & Onion Kobe Burger and a salad (which I really could have done without but thought I'd get something light and "healthy" haha). The food was to die for!! The Ahi Tuna Tacos were yummy, in crunchy wonton shells with some asian slaw and wasabi-lime avocados. The scallop sliders were my favorite because they were good sized scallops that were juicy and seemed to melt in my mouth. The crispy onions that were with it gave it a tasty crunch. Oh and the Mushroom & Kobe Burger was amazing, and I'm not a big burger fan. That was a whole lot of food for just the 2 of us but we pretty much polished it off (except for the salad) and had no room for dessert.I really wanted a mojito but it wasn't on the drink menu. So I asked our waiter if there was any possibility that the bartender could make one for me and sure enough they did! I was very satisfied and had a second one. ;)I look forward to eating here again on our next trip to Vegas, but the next time saving room for dessert!
5	Excellent in all ways. Nice variety of food selections, great atmosphere, attentive and friendly service, excellent wines and other beverages, and terrific desserts. Service that was friendly and we had a server who took the time to address us as people rather than just as customers. He was careful to help me with my garlic allergy, steering me toward things that would be tasty even without the garlic, and the meal was absolutely delicious. I had and loved the special of the evening, the salmon, which was served on a bed of asparagus and accompanied by a kind of grains salad that is hard to describe but great to eat.Both the main courses and the side dishes were unusual and not likely to be found on too many menus. The total menu does not feature very many items, but those that are here are both unique to the restaurant and a treat to the diners. The desserts included some familiar and many unfamiliar selections and I was extremely happy with the one the waiter recommended. My wife and I shared the dessert, but could not finish it because it was so rich.The wine list was well selected and wide ranging, but, of course, the specialty here are the rum based drinks. I stuck to the wine, but my wife, usually a non-drinker, ventured toward a rum cocktail and didn't leave any for me!
4	The perfect dining experience for my last night in Vegas this week.  One of my friends is a local and she brought a few of us to the "downtown" area - off the strip and away from the chaos that is Vegas on a Friday evening.  We had a great time and the food was stellar.  Couldn't have been a better place for us to relax, have great food, and chit-chat after a week in Vegas. If all the Tommy Bahama's are this good, the chain is going to be on the top of my must-attend places when dining out...
5	The wife and I tried this tonight while staying at the Worldmark timeshare down the street for a non-strip related outing.  We were EXTREMELY impressed with our meal and highly recommend it.  I had the Lemongrass Ahi Tuna and she had the fish tacos - along with splitting the coconut shrimp as an appetizer.  Everything was excellent, uniquely spiced, and made fresh. We liked it well enough that we decided we are going back for lunch tomorrow Bedford we leave town!
3	Came here with a bunch of friends for a concert a few months ago. We all got there right at 11AM for the 1PM show. It was kind of an oversight on the restaurant since there was a major event taking place in the middle of Town Square (right outside the restaurant) and there's apparently a rule about no competing events in the same spot. The 1PM show got moved to somewhere around 3PM or 4PM. Throughout the afternoon it was pretty hard to get any accurate info on the exact when and where of anything and where to wait, etc. Not even the band had the info to give us since the restaurant hadn't figured out all the kinks yet. We were all starving and got take out from inside the restaurant. The food was pretty good. We got a variety of items and everything tasted awesome. Once everything got going it was a bit more organized but still a bit confusing. I think the really great meal got a bit overshadowed by the unorganized event that we were all there for; I might give it another try.
4	We had never been here before but after trying their appetizers at a recent wine tasting, we decided to try it.  The place is very nice and the staff friendly.  They have a great bar and restaurant area.  The menu is nice with great Coconut Shrimp and Crabcake appetizers.  We had the fish tacos which were excellent.  They also have a great Rum drink menu to go along with lunch or dinner.  This was a fun experience and we will definitley return.Happy hour is daily, 4pm-7pm, and is very good!
4	A pretty good dining experience overall.  The server was very friendly and accommodating.  The food was yummy and the cocktails were great.  The menu choices were a bit limited.  I also wanted a side of steamed veggies for my preschooler, and the only choices were asparagus and green beans.  No carrots, peas, or broccoli in a restaurant?
2	Food was good and decently priced, but their drinks are WAY overpriced - even for a trendy area of Vegas. $35 for a sipping rum? This isn't a nightclub, come on. That was literally half my tab. There are 12 sipping drinks in a fifth. The bottle of rum costs $100. At $20 a glass they would still make 140% profit on the bottle and you would leave with some dignity instead of feeling taken advantage of. but instead they shoot for 320% profit on the bottle and lost a customer who otherwise would have been back in a heartbeat. Different strategies for different people I guess
4	Very fantastic restaurant in a nice shopping complex, it's right next to the Tommy Bahamas store. I was quite surprised to enjoy such a nice meal while shopping. We had the fish tacos and the scallop sliders both were perfect.  We also has the crab bisque which was very salty.  Would not recommend you drink as a soup but it was fantastic as a dip for the bread.  In fact the bread and the butter here were both fantastic. Service was great and kid friendly.  They have a kids menu with easy to digest food and a little drawing kit for kids to play with. I recommend it!!
5	I took my mother here for mother's day and her birthday. It's a sure way to win her heart. I usually the do the five course meal. First, the ambiance, is amazing! The attention to detail in the interior is sure to make you feel like a million bucks, even for just an hour. You can be seated in their soft, cushioned booth which is nicely fabricated and accented with small pillows to lean on after a serious food coma. I would suggest the macadamia nut snapper and the coconut prawns. My personal Iff you know me, the macadamia nut snapper because of that light and sweet flavor that comes with a crunch due to the macadamia. The coconut prawns is also because of the sweet crunch of the toasted coconuts, and I lllooovvveee coconut. I would also suggest the ribs as well-tender, juicy, and full of flavor.Now, this is VERY VERY IMPORTANT. When you go to Tommy's, you must absolutely TRY THE PINA COLADA CAKE. It's one of the best kept secrets. The best way to die and go to heaven via dessert. It is my favorite of all time, and because of the price it's one I rarely induldge in. The Pina Colada cake consists of a soft sponge vanilla cake, with a really light white mousse that is garnished and sprinkled with pinapple and coconut. It is soft, tasteful, elegant, and delicious. It will take your breath away. Service? 5 stars. You never have to worry about your drink running empty because as soon as they see you running low on liquids, they are sure to magically fill your glass up when you're not looking. Servers are always very helpful, and hospitable. They are usually very friendly, and sure to greet you with a smile. Definitely a great place to celebrate any occassion.
4	Located in Town Square, this is a really nice restaurant.... not super fancy or pretentious yet not just a bar or hamburger joint.  It's the perfect happy medium of nice and upscale casual.LOVE, LOVE their coconut shrimp.  Not bready at all.  Big juicy shrimp, butterflyed and coated with coconut shreds... lightly fried ....NOT greasy at all.They have a number of grea fish entrees so if you would like a nice fish dinner... head here.  (However, it's NOT cheap... so plan on paying a few bucks.)Ambiance is tropically but not "beachy"... it feels like a nice resort.They do have patio seating so if it's nice outside definitely try to get an outside seat so you can people watch.Also, if you are looking for a place to host a party like birthday, retirement, baby shower, bridal shower, etc.... ask about their back room.  It's behind the bar and totally private.  TB does a really nice job with private parties so I recommend it.  (Just attended a baby shower there and it was beautiful!)Desserts.... ALL of their desserts are decadent.  I particularly like their coconut-pineapple cake.... light and heavenly ...  am hoping it doesn't stay on the hips too long.
4	Fish Taco... You want the Blackened Fish Tacos.I have eaten here 3 times. I'm a jerk and always get the same thing: FISH TACOSBut I have picked off other people's plates too. The steak salad is fantastic.Service is good and we paced. It is honestly a bit pricey, but well worth it.Also, FISH TACOS
4	All I can say is Macadamia Nut Encrusted Goat Cheese was AMAZING!!
4	What a wonderful place -- Town Square that is. It does not seem like you are in Vegas anymore -- horse and carriage rides, a train for the kids, a lawn for people to gather on, and for us -- a place to eat outside to watch all of this by. The food at Tommy's was as good as ever and the only thing missing was the great entertainment of the place in Naples FL. They did have something going on inside but the tables outside we just too inviting to opt for the music instead of the outdoor space. The finishing touch would be to have the same kind of layout as Naples but alas it does not.The service was outstanding and for the first night in town it was a great way to unwind, enjoy the food, and enjoy the sights without all of the craziness of the strip.
5	love this place! excellent staff. very informative as far as the whole menu goes. absolutely amazing drink menu! great inventive appetizers! and two out of the 3 times i've been there, they had a wonderful guitar / singer playing during happy hour in the bar!
5	If you shopped all day and are dying in the desert of Vegas for sustenance, you find it at Tommy Bahama. The food is awesome (Chicken lolipops, fish tacos, breaded fried mango). The service is awesome.  The desert is great (key lime pie).
4	I had never been here before, so I was really unsure on what to expect.  We sat on the patio, which I highly recommend, and the atmosphere was great.  The food was delicious too!  I ordered the grilled chicken sandwich and my friend had the Bungalow salad.  We also ordered the goat cheese as an appetizer.  What I didn't like is that they charged an $6 because we asked for veggies to eat with our goat cheese instead of the flatbread listed on the menu.  However, I didn't complain or ask questions, so they might have reversed that charge if I had asked.  One last thing, prepare to spend quite a bit because this place is not for a light wallet... especially if you plan on having a drink or two.
4	Good food, nice atmosphere, friendly staff, a little oasis of peace in the middle of Town Square craziness
5	We were in Las Vegas traveling and visiting my sister.  Before we went out on the town we decided to stop by Tommy Bahama's for dinner.  There was a bit of wait so my friend and I decided to grab a drink at the bar.  When you walk in the shop, bar, and restaurant are all right next to each other.  Kind of interesting.  While waiting on the bartender we listened to a live solo singer and his guitar. Usually these people are either loud, annoying or bad but this guy had just the right sound. He played alternative, rock, and pop music.  Things that people could sing along to.  I really liked him.  I ordered a Mojito which was soooo delicious.  Bartenders usually don't know how to make a good tasting Mojito. This lady did!   Anyways, our table was ready within 5 minutes. They sat us down by an open door. It was, of course, nice outside.  I ordered a salad and within 15 minutes it came out. Honestly this had to be the best salad I've ever had.  It had steak and some potato and whatever dressing they used was to die for. I wasn't  that hungry coming in, but after my first bite I couldn't stop myself. I wanted more! I couldn't  allow myself to order dessert knowing I'd devour it.   Who knew the original clothing store could create an amazing restaurant. They need more of these in Chicago!  Well next time I'm back in Vegas Im definitely stopping by Tommy's.  I want more salad and I want it now!
4	The original plan was to do Brio's happy hour but they only had food specials and no discounts on drinks that day.  Might as well just call it apathy hour.  We had never been here so thought we'd finally give it a shot.  Fish tacos were the big standout of the happy hour menu.  These are the kind of tacos you imagine eating while vacationing at a beach resort.  I could've eaten 6 of them.  Ahi tuna was also good.  Judging by other patrons around us, the sliders were the most popular so we'll try that on a future visit.  Drinks were fruity and strong although none were too memorable (cause and effect?).  They also had a guy doing acoustic guitar renditions of songs by the likes of Van Morrison, Coldplay and the Chili Peppers.  I would've requested Stephen Bishop if we had stayed longer.
3	I was out in the sun the whole day working on my tan. Tropical was the only word that came to mind for what I wanted for dinner after such a wonderful day of nothing. With that being said, Tommy Bahamas was the go to choice for happy hour. From 4pm-7pm, they run a deal on six food options and maybe ten drink specials. The food runs from $5-$7 and the drinks from $6-$7.I got the ahi poke, fish tacos, and a mojito. The poke is nothing spectacular. In fact, it is rather puny. The same goes for the macadamia goat cheese. The fish tacos are as amazing as Philip T. makes them out to be.
5	I love to go here for Happy Hour.   Food and drinks are Excellent.  A change of pace on the South end of the Vegas Strip
5	This review is for the Happy Hour, which we noticed when cruising around Town Square.  We were attracted by the 7pm closing, since we like to go to Callaway's driving range late in the afternoon, then have a snack.  We loved getting a booth for seating, and thanks to fellow yelpers, ordered the fish tacos, which features crispy small edible portions of fish..delicious.  I got Margaritas, fresh and salty, perfect for sipping while listening to the live music played by a creative guitarist singing his own tunes.  My beau enjoyed the pork tacos, and we split delicious jerk chicken lollipops, which were nicely spiced!The total tab was under $40.00, and we tipped the guitarist $5.00 for his beautiful serenade!
4	OUTSTANDING VEGGIE BURGER. They make them fresh daily. Packed with beans, rice, corn and spices. It was so delicious I had to write a review ASAP. I think it was $12.99 and included a side of fruit and either a simple salad or cup of soup. Not cheap, but worth every dollar. Everyone knows how hard it is to find a decent veggie burger that's not just a frozen patty.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/uUEKndnFbHD8mVkGiirtpA#8M4591pmudsTKD6IhLwd-AThe service was meh. He redeemed himself towards the end, but gosh it was awkward when our server took our food orders and then messed up the drinks. Maybe he had a hangover or a hemorrhoid flare-up. Got me. FYI- If you carry a purse bring a purse hook. The chairs are rounded at the top so you cannot hang your purse. Regretfully I had to put my nice purse on the ground because I didn't want to eat with it on my lap. This was annoying. FYI Take Two- Be careful of the palm tree outside the door. I swear it jumped out and stabbed my boob when no one was looking. Glad it wasn't my eye, but still not the kind of physical relationship I want to have with a palm tree. Like ever.Solid 4 Stars, easy.
4	I like this place!  I was looking for something outside my normal Brio's and decided to try Tommy Bahama and I enjoyed this place.1.  Style - The food is American and Hawaiian Fusion, which is a nice blend of Asian flavors more suited to the American Palate.  2.  Ambiance - Very nice, relaxing setting, almost like resort style, with nice window views to the outside areas in Town Square. Very urban like.3.  Service - Excellent! From the reception desk to the server, I found the service to be fun, relaxing, engaging, all at the right tempo / amount!4.  Food - Appetizers - Had the Chicken Lollipop and this was pretty tasty with the Macadamia Nut and the Jerk dressing, although I am not a huge fan of the Jerk taste.  It is not as subtle to me in general. I love having the little drumstick lollipop style which is when they push the meat from the bottom to the top over the bone and it looks like a tootsie pop instead of a chicken drumette.  Also had the Coconut Shrimp and this was very tasty, tender and very nice sizes as well.  Seems that with all the appetizers, you can order in an entree size as well!Food- Thai Shrimp and Scallops - Very light flavoring of Curry, with shrimp and scallops over a small bed of rice. The scallops were amazing and the shrimp was fine, it was way overshadowed by the amazingly tender and succulent pieces of scallop....Lemongrass Ahi Tuna - The tuna was very lightly seared and very raw, which made for a really nice delicate taste / flavor.  Served on a bed of rice with Bok Choy Vegetables. The Bok Choy was nearly perfect, just a bit under cooked for my taste.  However, I do prefer slightly under cooked to overcooked, so this was acceptable to me5.  They also have private dining area and plenty of space to handle most requirements.  Could be great for business meetings, rent the whole restaurant and etc.  I like it.GK says check it out and I am gonna go back there for the Kobe Burger......
5	Grabbed dinner their with some friends.  The food was VERY good, wait staff was friendly, professional, attentive, and  knowledgable of the menu.The atmosphere is good for a small gathering or large crowds.
4	Luckily, I got 50% off because my cousin works at the retail Tommy Bahama store! Whoo! If that were not the case, I probably wouldn't eat here. The food was delicious but incredibly overpriced. I had basil lemonade? to drink. My new favorite drink. We got Char-Grilled Artichoke and Macadamia Nut Encrusted Goat Cheese for appetizers. Excellent! I'm not a huge fan of goat cheese but the mango salsa softened the bitter after note of the cheese. I love grilled artichokes so I was happy.I had a lunch special burger. It was the only veggie burger on the menu. The flavor of the patty tasted Indian-influenced. The spices were great. Downside was that the burger fell apart the second I picked it up. This tends to happen with most veggie burgers I have, so I expected this. Lastly, I had key lime pie for dessert. It was good. Nothing special to rave about.Overall, good service and good food. Would I dine here if I didn't have a discount? Maybe. I would have to have an extra $150 to kill on two people. That's a pretty intense price for lunch...
4	With burgers being such a polarizing topic, everyone seems to think they know they best around. So naturally everyone I know constantly recommends another place in town, half of which I dismiss because they just sound awful. Such is the case with Tommy Bahama when a contractor named David I'm working with in town mentioned it. Out of all the places people throw out there, a clothing store has not been one of them and instantly sounded awful. After much persuasion, and perhaps the offer of a free meal, I caved and went with him to check it out. Could a chain known for its clothes also sport a restaurant with a VBB-worthy burger?The restaurant is located in Town Square which can be a pain to visit at times, but also offers great people watching in the right spots.  And Tommy's definitely has a great patio outside to do just that. The inside of the restaurant looks a lot like their clothing stores with muted colors, decorative ceiling fans and pendant lights with sea shells on them. There's also a decent sized bar which is a quick way to drop in and out for a bite even when they're busy.I can't speak much to the menu based on my visit as David knew exactly what we were ordering and placed it right away. It is available online though, and has quite a few options. The burger selected for me was the Smokehouse Angus Burger: prime Angus, toasted brioche, roasted garlic aioli, sharp white cheddar, red onion and Nueske's bacon. Upon first bite I noticed instantly that the bun was great, almost challah-like. It was soft on the outside, grilled and crispy on the inside. The top bun had a sweet ketchup spread on it, the bottom had the garlic aioli. Both spreads were minimal and just enough for flavor without being overpowering or messy. The meat had great flavor and was cooked close to my medium-rare that was ordered. The onions were fresh and not overpowering, but I still took some off as to not hijack too much of the overall flavor. The star of this burger by far was the bacon; it was crunchy, thick and had terrific flavor.The fries weren't awful; they had good flavor and weren't oily or stale as they have often been around town lately. I wished for a bit more, but they didn't detract from the meal as a few have. As a whole I was definitely impressed with this burger, I really wasn't expecting much coming into it and got way more than expected. And although I didn't pay for this meal (thanks David!), I would say that the $13.50 menu price might be a bit steep for this. I don't know if I would include it in my Vegas 'must have' list as this is still a bit of a chain, but if you're in Town Square and looking for a good burger you should definitely stop by.
3	We went for lunch and the service was great.  I ordered the filet mignon sliders and it came with a simple salad.  Little did I know that the simple salad was basically one large butter lettuce leaf with a tiny tomato cut up on the side.  The dressing was horrible.  The filet mignon sliders were great though.  The prices are a bit much for drinks too.  I'd rather go to Blue Martini or Morton's and pay for expensive drinks.
5	My family and I wanted to try Tommy Bahama's mostly because we are really familiar with the clothing line and had never heard of the restaurant. And I'm so glad we went on this culinary adventure. I can not seriously think of a single complaint about my dining experience here... except that it might be a little pricey, but I definitely didn't mind as soon as I took a bite of the food!Crab Bisque soup- Bring me a whole bucket of this soup because it is CRAZY good!! Super rich in flavor with lumps of crab- just the perfect way to start the meal. It was worth the $1.50 upgrade to get it.Salmon salad- salmon crusted in panko on a salad with mango salsa all tied together with a Hoisin vinaigrette. WOW! This salad was light and refreshing. The vinaigrette was just perfect to balance the sweetness of the mangoes. And the salmon was so juicy and tender with the perfect crunch from the panko crust. It's seriously the perfect lunch dish! I would order this again in a heart beat.Next time I'm in Towne Square, I'm definitely coming back to try their other delectable dishes!
2	Before I get into my review, I just want to preface that this rating is for happy hour.Happy hour is from 4-7p all day errrday, which is pretty convenient.I ordered the smoked salmon, fish tacos, ahi poke, crab bisque soup, chick lollipop, and the crab cake.  I had the sangria and cantaloupe martini to drink.The food was just ok.  I didn't fall in love with any of the dishes we had, and thought that it was still too pricey for what it was.  I can't imagine paying full price for any of those dishes.The lollipop chicken was dry, sauce was ok, mango salad it came with was good.Ahi poke and smoked salmon dishes were ok, but I didn't like the chips they came with.  Plantain chips would've been a better choice to serve with.  I thought the fish tacos lacked seasoning, flavor, sauce;  all I tasted was the flour tortilla.  Crab cake had wayyyyyyyyyyyyyy too much sweet chili sauce.  It over powered the crab cake, which was too salty anyway.  Lastly, the crab bisque!  Disgusting.  I tried this cause it seemed to be a favorite dish on yelp reviews.  It was really difficult for me to eat because they went wayyyyy to heavy on the cream.  I really felt like puking after.  I would not recommend this dish.  The drinks were ok.  Sangria wasn't really a sangria.  No fruit, just cheap red wine mixed with fruit juice and water I suppose.  Cantaloupe martini was good, but way to sweet.  I think they should've held back on some of the melon liqueur.  Probably would've tasted better if they used real cantaloupe juice.Service was friendly, but slightly inattentive.  No big deal cause he had the whole bar to take care of, plus the tables.  Didn't bring us the bread in the beginning, but did offer it half way through the meal.  I told him i'd like some, but he never brought it.  Asked for it after our meal was done, cause I wanted to taste the apple butter.  Had to flag someone else down for our check.Overall, I will probably not come back because I didn't care for the food we had.  I tried to sample as much as I could from the HH and appetizer list.  Based on what I had and the price, there are other restaurants in Vegas I'd rather spend my money on.  That's it.
4	I just came here for dessert after a bad dinner experience at a nearby restaurant.  My friend and I shared a chocolate cake dessert and the pina colada cake dessert while sitting on the patio.Dessert and coffee was all we had, but it was a great experience.  It felt like being on vacation at this restaurant.  The service was also great.  A little bit slow, but overall a great evening experience.  I'm definitely going back to try their lunch or dinner menu items.
5	My family stopped in for our second visit to TBLV around lunch time.  I was fortunate to have manager Kevin to make us some off the menu rum concoctions!  We all had various cocktails and they were all fantastic.  Atmosphere was relaxed but attentive.  Our drinks never ran dry.  We then had a fantastic lunch in the dining room.  All the food was excellent with a great variety to choose from .  Our server Jim was great!  Took care of us as well.  This is a permanent stop for me whenever I am in Las Vegas.
1	The worst service ever. 40 minutes and still haven't received our salads. Very inattentive staff. I will never done at this establishment again. Stay away if you'd like to receive your food in a timely manner. If they had negative stars I would use those.
5	I brought our daughter, her husband and two children to Tommy's for lunch.  The children's ages are 3 and 1.  Let me just say, the waiter got an extra tip.  We left a mess.  The food was as good as the other locations we have frequented.  The staff was polite and efficient.  The place was 10% filled so it was very quiet, with the exception of the 2 grandchildren.
4	Town Square in Las Vegas - a "shopping, dining and entertainment center" - has the attraction of being less tourist-ridden than, for instance, The Strip, so I often go there if my itinerary finds me routing through Sin City.I was somewhat surprised to see that Tommy Bahama - which I thought to be a retail store - had a bar/restaurant there, but as it was a Friday night and waiting times were pronounced at other restaurants, thought I'd give it a go.And I was very pleased I did :-)The food - ironically for a venue in the middle of a desert! - is seafood focused, was well thought out, well presented and tasty.And the service was good.So I'd mark this as 4* / commended (which is about as good as it gets for a chain restaurant - I have to declare my personal prejudices make it unlikely I will ever give 5* to something that is a Cookie Cutter artefact).
5	Great place. I had the fish taco's and they were outstanding. good atmosphere. Thinking about calling them to franchise in dallas :)
3	HAPPY HOUR (4-7pm) REVIEW:Man..their main courses are of wwwaaayyy better quality than their happy hour. Now, I'm a big fan of Brio's happy hour so when participating on a happy hour I expect the same quality. I ordered the blackened fish tacos for $6.00 and a slice of my faovrite Pina Colada cake for $6.00. Not only was the fish dry, but the size of the fish in the taco was about the size of my pinky finger. The seasoning was of a likeable taste, but it was drowning under a big mound of coleslaw. Definitely not a happy hour item I would recommend.The macadamia nut goat cheese for $5.00 was pretty good. It is a small portion (like a small scoop portion) garnished with a sweet mango salsa. It was had a nice sweet flavor with a good macadamia crunch! I also tried the lobster bisque which was good too. A good cream density with a great sweet bisque flavor. It had very subtle pieces of lobster in their, but it was still a good eat! The desserts as usual are on point! As always I chose the Pina Colada cake which is my favorite cake of all time. It never fails. However, I did come across a new infatuation with the pineapple creme bruelee. So sue me for being super overly excited that it's serve in a pineapple dish! Don't start worrying that maybe with the nice presentation that they may hold out on the pineapple chunks. The creme brulee has two layers of pineapple in it, and then the actual brulee on top of it. Oh it was such a good combination. Who knew that pineapple and creme brulee would taste so good!If the happy hour doesn't improve in quality, I do hope they bring back their 3 course menu special. (Hint. Hint. Tommy!)
5	Tommy Bahamas- Another wonderful place in Town Square for happy hour [Daily, 4-7], either in the gorgeous patio right by the beautiful park area or at its large elegant inside bar and dining area! It offers a nice selection of bar dishes [$5-7] and drinks [$4-7] the service is superb!MORE DETAILS- One beautifully sunny, late Sunday afternoon, I was walking around the small park area, and was pulled into the restaurant somehow by the happy people in the attractive patio, all enjoying their drinks and good looking dishes! I gladly joined in for the feativity, namely, happy hour, and had a delicious time! Besides tables, this patio also has nice lounge chairs and umbrellas. The happy hour menu has pretty good selection of drinks and small plates. I started out with a classic martinis ($7) and Jerk Chicken Lollipops ($5). The chicken dish had a clever presentation and was rich in taste! The martinis took a long time to arrive at my table, but it was definitely worth the long wait!  in fact, it was so delicious that I ordered another one, and I went over to compliment the young lady bartender! Happy hour in this pretty patio, over tasty food and drink, watching children playing and giggling in the small park, with their little friends and young mothers chasing after them, is one of the great pleasures of life for me (OK, I'm an old man!). To prolong the moment, I gave in to the hypnotic suggestion of my server, Naomy, and ordered a large piece of delicious Key Lime pie ($8.50), which happens to be one of my weaknesses! - NOTE: They do offer a smaller slice for $6.50. But you'd know about this option only, if the server has a chance to parade their "Tray of Sweet Temptations" during happy hours! At any rate, I enjoyed every DELICIOUS bite of my LARGE slice - AFTER all that Jerk Chicken and martinis at that!Well, that evening I failed to sample other goodies - yes, the martinis and key lime had done me in! Sigh!  I'll just have to go back to Tommy's for more happiness soon, perhaps, even try their dinne dishes, as their dinner menu looks pretty extensive and tempting, also.Peterskis, Oct 2012--
5	I love Tommy Bahamas! Everything tastes super fresh & has a twist on healthy meals. Fries made from a vegetable and not a potato? Ha! To go along with their paradise theme, their rum cocktails taste refreshing, yet not watered down. Prices aren't cheap, but reasonable. Their seafood tacos & ahi poke is delicious too. You have seating inside or outside, where there's the view of Town Square. You have music, lights, and servers who really know their menu. Come on a nice night with a designated driver!
5	Stopped in here for a cocktail and a quick bite to eat for lunch on a recent trip. I had the ahi tuna tacos and a dark and stormy, and my wife had a mojito. The tacos came 4 to an order, but were so delicious I could have eaten a dozen by myself! The cocktails were just perfect, a good quality rum and a bartender who really knows their stuff makes a world of difference!
4	Tommy Bahama is a good Caribbean-themed bistro with fresh dishes and bright flavors.  It's a little on the corporate side with it's ambiance, but the menu has a number of strong dishes.  I'll admit that walking in the place, I was a little dubious.  The restaurant houses one side of the building and the other side of the building sells tacky J. Crew-style Caribbean clothing.  Doesn't really sound like the best place to find a meal.  But after a few dishes, I was won over.  The tortilla soup was a huge winner with bright, fresh flavors and a nice spice.  Not over-the-top spiciness, but just enough to bring out the chicken and tomato flavors.Coconut shrimp came across as fairly standard.  Not a real stand out dish, but I was impressed with the freshness of the shrimp.  Also had the Jerk Chicken.  To put it simply, it was perfectly cooked, tender, and nice balance of sweet and tangy.I'm not the biggest fan of the atmosphere--a bit too much corporate in this bistro for me--but the flavors were very good and the dishes all fresh.  Thumbs up.
4	I have wanted to eat here since moving to Vegas, but it hasn't worked out. After "checking in" I found the timing was wrong given my new wardrobe addition of a foot and leg cast, very awkward foot boot, a walker and terrible parking with a long walk to sit down for dinner. After a couple of circles around the place we decided to give up this time around and try again when the cast is gone and there is less of a crowd. Guess this is the long way of "checking out."  Four stars because that many people with four and five stars can't all be wrong.
3	A large group of us got together here to celebrate some friends birthdays. The staff was very accommodating, our group had about 30 people and were able to keep us all together. The staff was polite and even with all of the guests they had to take care of, did really well at  making sure no one had to wait for food or go thirsty. Very efficient staff.I started with a Millionaires Mai Tai, which was very good, so I ended up getting a 2nd during dinner. I ordered a bowl of Crab Bisque, for the price (9.50) seemed like a small amount but it's very rich and think, so a cup would've been a better choice for me. It was very smooth and creamy, with a hint of crab taste. It was good but I don't think I'd get it again. For my meal I opted for the "World Famous Coconut Shrimp"(16.50) not sure why it's famous, I've had coconut shrimp elsewhere many times and this wasn't the best by far.The shrimp was cooked well, not greasy or anything, it was just not anything special, and the papaya mango chutney seemed too sweet to dip the shrimp in.  On a good not, My husband got the Cuban Sandwich (13.50)...wow! I would've never thought to order a Cuban somewhere like this, it was very good, a little messy but lots of flavor. We both agree we'd go back just for that!The staff was nice enough to let us bring our own cake, they cut it and served it as well. Everyone had a good time, we sang Happy Birthday, ate cake and enjoyed good conversation in a pleasant setting.
4	We went to this restaurant as a large party and I was very surprised on how well the waiting staff was able to take care of us.  My water glass was never empty for very long and the food all appeared to come out as one whole.  Nothing worse then watching someone else in your party eat while you are still waiting.  We started out with the chicken lollipops and the chicken was nice and juicy and the dipping sauce that came with it my wife really enjoyed.  My wife had the Parmesan Crust Snivel Chicken, the chicken was cooked to perfection and the sauce that was served with it was to die for.  It came with a side of mashed potatoes which where very creamy and seasoned well.  I had the Grilled BBQ Pork Ribs, I only got a half rack but the ribs seemed very small and didn't have a lot of meat on them.  The BBQ sauce on them was really good tho.  My mashed potatoes seemed to be sitting out for to long and had a very dry taste to them.  I even put my potatoes next to my wifes and you could see mine had a brownish tint to them.  Over all we enjoyed the food I just wish they had some consistence in the food because I really did enjoy my wifes potatoes.  I think that the quality of food didn't rise to the price that they where charging.
5	I love this restaurant.  The staff was exceptional and the food was absolutely delicious.  We were a party of 13 and every dish ordered was full of flavor, tender, and just phenomenal.  We were celebrating a surprise birthday dinner, complete with a cake, and the staff was so accommodating and wonderful, making sure we all had an enjoyable dinner.  I definitely recommend this restaurant.
1	That's the worst 140 dollar I ever spent!!!!! The food is alrite, the server is suck!!!! There are only two of us and we try to order rids, the girl didnt told us it come with half size n full size...and yea she gave us the full size @@ n for the dessert, is not good at all, we picked the chocolate tart that she told us that's her fav and it was way tooooo sweet and it cost us like 10 dollar..... Last but not least she is not around at all and when we have to go she is talking to her fd and we have to ask another sever to get her.... I never tips bad but this time....she kinda only worth only 10%.... Never ever go there ever again, especially if u r looking for a fine dinning restaurant!!! Waste of my money!!!!!!!! The only good thing abt this dinner is the drink they are pretty good, I got the one with banana in it, yum!!! But other than that don't go!!
1	Service was terrible. Could not imagine such a fine dining restaurant lacking service.
5	Went to Tommy Bahamas last night with another couple This was our first time going there. We were greeted quickly by our server Sandy. Since we have never been here, she suggested that we try their fish tacos and a mojito for our drink. We were glad we did. The best fish tacos and mojitos ever! We are locals so we will definitely be back.
3	Ive been to a TB's before in Hawaii and thought the food was much better. Tonight I had the Ahi Tuna, with a ceviche appetizer. The ceviche was fairly bland. The tuna was cooked perfectly but was a little cool when it arrived at my table. Portions are pretty small also.I'd try again to see if its a one off, but it wont be my first choice
5	Restaurant Week meal #3 occurred at Mr Bahama's joint. I wanted to do a work lunch and Town Square is close to the office. Plus, I've always been curious to try their key lime pie. My coworker hails it as the best he's ever had.With the weather being beautiful out, we sat at a perfectly shaded outdoor patio table and wasted no time in ordering our RW items. My selections were:* World Famous Coconut Shrimp, Papaya-Mango Chutney, Asian Slaw* Grilled Chicken & Mango Salad, Toasted Almonds & Macadamia Nuts, Dried Cranberries, Feta, Pepitas, Vine-Ripe Tomatoes, Meyer Lemon Vinaigrette* Key Lime Pie, Graham Cracker Crust, White Chocolate MousseNot knowing much about the brand, I wasn't sure what kind of restaurant Tommy Bahama is supposed to be. Clearly, the store and restaurant have that tropical kind of feel. Everything I sampled today embodied that atmosphere. The coconut shrimp was perfectly cooked and the slaw and the salad tasted fresh and refreshing. I could totally imagine myself eating those items on a tropical island beach. The chicken could have been more tender and succulent, but the salad more than made up for that shortcoming. As for the key lime pie, it was indeed excellent. The texture was impeccably creamy and it wasn't overly sweet.Add in the extremely fast and friendly service and I see no reason why I shouldn't give them five stars.
4	It's restaurant week!  Great flavorful choices!
5	Hubby surprised me by taking me here for my birthday last week.  He had very specific parameters within which to work: 1) the restaurant had to be close to UNLV because I had to get back that night for a rehearsal, 2) the restaurant had to have good yelp reviews!, and 3) the restaurant HAD to have chocolate cake on the dessert menu (because I like cake and because it's my birthday!).  He found Tommy Bahama's, made a reservation just in case, and picked me up at the uni.  What a lovely dinner!  The food was FANTASTIC.  Service was almost flawless; waitstaff forgot to bring our grilled artichoke appetizer before our main dishes.....BUT they comped the appetizer to make up for that oversight and gave me 3 free desserts because it was my birthday!  Our dinner began with the bread basket and honey/cinnamon/garlic butter.  Warm, soft, crusty bread with sweet butter.  What's not to like?  The grilled artichoke was decadent and delicious.  For our mains, we both ordered fish: I had the the seared ahi tuna (YUM) and hubby had the black cod (again, YUM).  Portions were not huge; rather, they were "normal" sized and allowed us the stomach space to have a multi-course meal.  Desserts were perfect.  The chocolate cake was rich and velvety and indulgent, the key lime pie featured fabulous bright flavours that contrasted with the graham crust, and the pina colada cake was just plain good.  The waitstaff even sang "Happy Birthday" to me whilst bringing out my desserts.  How cute!All in all, I never would have thought that a retail clothing store would house a hidden dining gem.  Would I come again?  Most definitely.  Thanks for a GREAT birthday meal, Tommy!  :)
5	I love the food here.  It's always a fun spot to go to for a laidback yet upscale meal.  It never seems busy in there for dinner, which is a shame because it's a cute restaurant and the food is great!  BF and I came for a dinner date last Friday and sat in a booth in the bar area.  There was a singer performing some laid back well-known songs.  It was quite empty so we had the place to ourselves.  We ordered ahi tuna tacos, a crab cake and shared a large filet mignon.  I ordered a martini with cantaloupe (can't remember the name).  EVERYTHING was delicious.  They even brought us our steak already split up onto two plates for us with our own sides on each plate, without us even asking.  Now THAT'S what I call customer service.I can't wait to go back and eat more food off the menu.  They are a bit pricey but the food is worth it.  Their drinks are also ALWAYS on point.  Yum!  Highly recommended for a date or a small group.  Not really a place to meet and mingle as there was no one there!!
5	Great service and surprisingly delicious chocolate cake!
5	This review is for the impeccable service and worlds most amazing Coconut Lime Daiquiri! Love the selection of artisan rums here and the list of rum drinks (which I have tried most of). But the gem here is the coconut lime daiquiri....WOW, my new after a long-crazy-day-at-work drink. From this point on, I am making every excuse to come here....with co-workers, friends, family, dates, after shopping, while shopping...Hahaha.  :o)  It's really that great of a drink: enjoyable, not over-powering and too strong but not a juice drink either. PERFECT! Their whole menu here makes me happy.  :o)
2	Major disappointment at this place.  Dishes were pricey and quality / quantity was low.  Maybe we just got very unlucky in the one time we've gone here, but safe to assume we have no plan to return.  I was very surprised to see a four star average here on Yelp.  So far as my experience, Tommy better stick to clothes (which I love BTW).
5	We took my husband here for one of his birthday dinners. (We like to celebrate our birthdays all month long!) I love the ambiance because it feels like a mini vacation while you wait for your order. I started with the Crab Bisque . It had little bits of blue crab, sherry, cream and crushed croutons. It had a light sweet taste with a pinch of saltiness. It was crabtastic! I think this has a slightly better taste then Texas De Brazil 's Lobster Bisque. I ordered the Thai Shrimp and Scallops as my main entree. I was hesitant at first because some places under cook the scallops where they taste a little too chewy . They cooked the scallops perfect! I expect scallop to be flaky and not gooey. The curry taste was mild which I prefer. I liked that the coconut/ curry taste  didn't over power each other. We ended the meal with the Pina Colada cake. My husband and my brother wanted something chocolaty but I had way too much chocolate for Valentine's day  so we ordered the cake. Everyone at the table liked it because it was nice and moist and the frosting wasn't heavy or overly sweet. The service was also on point and very accommodating!
4	Please bring back Basa Fish for crispy fish sandwich
3	Mediocore, okay, nothing significant about this place.Tried out their happy hour cause my friend was fiending alcohol and cheap food. Well, the alcohol and food were cheap but it's small portions. Don't get too excited. Ordered ahi poke, madamia goat cheese, sliders and fish tacos. Seriously, after sharing those with my friend, I was still hungry. There are other happy hours in town where they serve a larger portion.Also ordered a mojito and margarita. Eh, it's aiiiiggght.
2	I've always enjoyed the macadamia encrusted goat cheese, so a friend and I went to indulge on this delicious appetizer, we get seated on the patio and from that point on get ignored, a waitress passed by three times and did not even give the courtesy to acknowledge our presence, even if it was busy (which it wasn't) a quick greeting would have been suffice. We too are in the industry so it's found to be even more disrespectful. I hope this opens the eyes to the staff about giving better service because we did end up walking out.
4	Who would have thought that a guy named Tommy, who made it cool to wear linen pants and tacky flower shirts, could whip up some fantastic fare and amazing cocktails.Service:  5/5 stars.  Everyone from the hostess to the waitress to the food runner was on point, professional and efficient.  You can tell that the company cares about quality service and hires and trains the right kind of people to work here.Food: 4/5 stars.  Don't let that reduction of one star discourage you.  That's reserved for knock your socks off kind of quality. This place is damn near close.  I had the crab bisque as I always do if it's on the menu.  The bisque was very tasty and was paired well with their fresh baked loaf of bread.  I'd prefer a little more "meat" in there just to make me feel better about the purchase; otherwise it was really good.  My main entree was the blackened fish tacos.  High quality white fish spread amongst three heaping tacos.  The meal was delicious once I scraped off the majority of the lime sour cream which the chef was a little over zealous with.  If I choose this again..."sauce on side".  The arnold palmers were flowing like Niagara falls in this place...I'd no sooner take the last gulp and there was another placed in front of me.  Was someone hovering behind me with one in hand at all times? Nope, they were just that good at anticipating my needs.All in all this place is strong 4 out of 5.  I've deducted one star for the small points above and the fact that this place is not for the faint of heart, price-wise.   A dinner for two can and was easily 150 bucks.  Not for everyday (for me at least) but definitely on the list of 'must try again' in the near future.
5	Food is amazing the. Shopping right after. What else could you ask for.
5	Lets talk about THe FISH TACOS!  They literally are my fave!  I love the atmosphere!  Sitting in the bar, restaurant or the Patio, it really doesn't matter! Everywhere is awesome! They have great service and their bar is fabulous!  Outside of the Islands, some of the best Mai Tais I have had! Love Tommy Bahamas butter and bread as well! ;)
4	I went there for lunch and the first thing I noticed was that the prices were a littler higher than most restaurants, however the service was very friendly and food was incredible. I got the grilled chicken sandwich and was not disappointed! I say defiantly go. The atmosphere is fun and has a laid back island feel.
4	I went to Tommy Bahama (for the first time!) with my family for dinner last week.The thing that stood out the most was the exceptional service. Our server was extremely nice and attentive. I absolutely adored her. I'm not even kidding, I wanted to take her home with us. The ambiance was very nice as well. The patio was cool and comfortable; a good place to people watch. I'm not sure if I would have enjoyed eating inside as much. Of course, the food was excellent and the desserts are simply a must. I enjoyed the macadamia goat cheese, the crab-stuffed shrimp, and the pineapple creme brulee.
5	SO MUCH YES! Took my niece here for a celebratory lunch after her high school graduation. We'd never eaten there before but had heard rave reviews from friends. Those reviews were right. We enjoyed chicken lollipop appetizers, and assortment of entrees ranging from the burger to some kind of stuffed chicken breast, and the pineapple creme brulee was to die for. Oh, so were the coconut cloud martinis. My only complaint is that the closest location to me is two hours away. Sad face. :(
1	Dinner was poor service, bad food and too expensive.  Good location for happy hour only.
5	amazing best dinner in years, Simply Amazing Food and Drinks.  Everything complimented each idividual flavor on all the dishes.
2	I hope the hour and half wait for the food is well worth it since we are sitting next to the kitchen door watching the group getting served as plates after plates come scrolling by.... Not even busy. Not much seafood options unless it's drenched in coconut...... Still  waiting still waiting. ....The kids meal finally came. Waiting. ... waiting. ... that looks good! Waiting. .....For the price of what you get and the taste, this place is not worth a second try.
1	I only give 1 star for the friendliness of the bartender and our server. DO NOT order the crab bisque! Was not a soup but more like a sauce.. Was way too heavy and rich. I had several spoonfuls of it and even my date said he was burping it up after. I had it worse. I ended up throwing it all up outside the restaurant around the corner by the perfectly, trimmed and manicured green bushes. Thanks Tommy Bahama for ruining my first night in Vegas and instead of drinking away, I had to be drinking Pepto Bismo!
5	Great representation of Key West cuisine - makes for quite a lovely brunch with the family.
4	The only reason I am giving this place 4 instead of 5 stars is because of the portion size and the price.  The portions are decent, but will likely not fill you unless you get appetizers and a dessert. And though the food is excellent, I found the price to be a bit steep for what you got. That being said, the service is fantastic and the food superb.  I had the fish tacos, which were probably some of the best fish tacos that I have ever had.  The appetizers we had were the short rib sliders and the coconut shrimp.  Both were delicious.  We topped our meal off with butterscotch pudding and pina colada cake. The pudding was really good, but the cake seemed a little bland.  They also had live music playing, which was great.  I would definitely come here again.
4	Chicken lollipops are the bomb.com.  Went with my daughter and everything was great.  The kona coffee crusted rib eye was decent with the warm potato salad.  Didn't care for the bread pudding but my little one loved it.  Good lunch while shopping at Town Square, love the beachy  feel.
4	Tropical delight!Three adult diners and one child. We were greeted and did not have reservations but were sat immediately. We were met by a very friendly waiter who took our drink order and gave some healthy suggestions for my wooden leg. We started with the coconut shrimp (excellent flavor and not overly fried) and the crab bisque. Both are recommended and perfect servings. The bisque warmed me up while not being overly creamy. We finished with the Sanibel chicken, short rib dish and the blackened fish tacos. Each dish had a world of flavors and I would order each again and that's not the alcohol talking. Great location in town square great staff. Overall a pleasant meal and will return. Great for families too.
5	Tropical paradise and fantastic staff!The service here is amazing, the staff is friend and the food is wonderful.I got here just in time for happy hour. What a fun menu! There are 5-6 different foods choice on the happy hour menu, 5 different martinis and 5 different cocktails.I had a a pineapple martini, and a taste of the ahi poke and the sliders. All if which were amazing. The sliders came with the usual fixings, but if you're a tommy regular, they used to come with fried onion sting... Which is the way we ordered them! So much better. Can't go wrong with this pit stop. It's nice because it's off the strip, and it's a little break from the hustle bustle of the strip grind. It is located in a little strip mall, so some good walking around after a full stomach.
4	Yum!   Dinned on the Patio last nite,  was very impressed with the Chicken Lollipop appetizers, and  the Bread.......  oh my goodness it was was Soooo good,  the server gave us extra to take home .  The Caesar salad with Chicken perfect.   Will definitely  be back soon
5	Scallop sliders! Enough said, great option for some quick clean protein while at town square waiting for that Genius Bar appointment
5	It was our first time here. Saw on Yelp that it had 4 stars. Checked it out. Great service. Great food. Our server Adam was awesome!
5	Scallop Sliders = FANTASTIC!Beef Tenderloin Salad = WOW!Blackened Fish Tacos = SUPERB!Seared Scallop Dish = FREE?? YES!Great quality, great service, complimentary food, good price, overall fantastic!
5	We have eaten here regularly for the past 3 years, and it just never gets old. Fish tacos to die for!!! Tuna poke is a must, my husband is addicted to the steak salad. Love the live music, perfect people watching outdoor lanai, amazing wine list! Worth every penny! The service is impeccable, we truly miss it if we miss a week or two.
5	Was in town square a few days ago and decided to check out their happy hour before catching a movie...what a great decision! Their happy menu includes a good selection of food and drink specials. We had the fish tacos which were grilled to perfection and the jerk chicken lollipops which had tons of flavor and meat that fell right off the bone. I also ordered the sliders which were moist and delicious as well. My only complaint was that it took almost 30 minutes to get our food from the time we ordered...but we did get our drinks pretty quickly. In addition to the food they also had a gentleman with a guitar singing in the corner of the bar area. Live music, excellent ambiance, friendly service, reasonable prices. I will definitely be back to try out their regular menu!
3	Love the food, atmosphere, singer and so many things about it...now the reason it is always empty is because the service is so frikin slow and inconsistent. It is such a shame. I just left the bar there and it took forever, again!! Come on folks, we want you to make it but you have lots of room for improvement!
4	We stopped by after movie. Something new. Not hungry enough for full meal so we shared the small plate sliders and fish tacos on the happy hour menu.  We are always looking for great artichokes. Considering they are really out of season the artichokes were not bad - great dip but a little under cooked and off the regular menu. In all with the live music, great service and food a nice end to date night! Server was Huulan and she excelled!
4	Overall tommy Bahamas was a good experience. I went for my girl friends work Xmas party. All the food was great. For an appetizer it was an amazing lobster bisque. I had a filet with asparagus and mash potatoes for my main course. For a large party of almost 100 the staff pulled it off relatively well except for a few miss communications. Ordered were laid out by little name tags in front of where we were sitting. So the servers seemed to run around looking for who had what. Besides that everything was great. I will be back again to try the restaurant on a smaller scale and really put it to the test.
5	Hello new favorite happy hour spot!! Brian,the bartender, made me the most delicious coconut cloud martini I have ever tasted! The tuna poke and blackened fish tacos are a must on the happy hour. 4-7 everyday in the bar. Self seat. Love it!!
5	This is my new favorite spot.  The bartender Brian was incredible and attentive.  He was on top of my drinks before I ever had to say anything.  Great suggestions on the happy hour food!  I am in the service industry and really appreciate an amazing experience all around.  If I am going to spend my money then it better be worth it and oh my god this place is great!  The atmosphere here and the live solo entertainer singing the music right out of my I pod just blew my mind.  This is great food, great drink, and great entertainment rolled into one.  Do it!
4	I was so close to giving Tommy Bahama 5 stars, but I can't do it.  We had a friend invite us to lunch and recommended Tommy Bahama.  Neither my wife nor I had eaten there, so we gave it a shot.  Very glad we did.  We arrived at 11:30 and there were only a couple of tables.  Nearly an hour later the place was 75% full, and this was a Tuesday.  This is typically a good sign.    To start, I had the crab bisque.  This was textbook bisque to me.  Velvety smooth with the cream, and the sherry flavor came through.  It had crab throughout, even a couple of chunks.  A couple of grinds of black pepper and this was excellent.  I would definitely order this soup again.I had the chicken sandwich with French fries, rather than the yucca fries it is usually served with.  This sandwich was enormous, I was surprised how large it was.  The chicken was grilled perfectly, they pulled it at just the right time so it retained its maximum juices.  It has lots of fried onions, which are always welcome, as well as jack cheese, garlic mayo, and a jerk sauce.  I could have used more sauce, as it provided a well needed kick.  The soft bun kept it all together.  The sandwich was fantastic, but the fries were not.  They were void of seasoning, and tasted like they have been sitting at room temperature for at least 10 minutes.  Some were nearly cold, and none were hot.  This is the only reason I can't give Tommy Bahama 5 stars.The wife had the special, a grilled cheese sandwich with everything under the sun and tomato soup with some sort of chiles.  We can't recall, it may have been poblanos.  Whatever it was, it was good.  The grilled cheese had blue cheese, bacon, and some sort of jam.  It was on the requisite crispy bread and was fantastic when dipped in the soup, which had a bit of heat from the chiles.  This was a fantastic version of a classic (and overdone) dish, one I hope they add to the menu.For dessert, we ordered the side dish of fried plantains.  This comes with a yogurt sauce with bits of pineapple that was fantastic.  It was a great way to end the meal, a dessert that was unique but not that sweet.  Like the rest of the meal, I would order this again.  Overall, very glad we hit up Tommy Bahama, and will do so again.
4	Excellent steak salad, great service, and generally the quality of food and service we've received at other Tommy Bahama Restaurant locations in Maui, Kona, and LA.
3	I had a flat iron stake with a sangria sauce (especially of the day) + a mojito. The mojito was not bad but a bit too sweet and the stake was good but the broccoli had too much butter. In general it seems to have food, I'd return to the restaurant but was not perfect for the price...
5	I first discovered Tommy Bahamas Restaurant while living on Maui (Wailea).  I always enjoyed that location and I was surprised to stumble upon T.B.'s here in the middle of the desert. I thought it was a mirage at first sight. Just as I remembered from da island. Very tasty food and impressive cocktails all in a beautiful West Indies style dining room right in the middle of Town Square. Only problem.....it's on the other side of town so I can only hope for a location here in Summerlin. I like the crabcakes and one of their signature salads. Add a rum cocktail and if you close your eyes, you just might think you have escaped to a very nice island.
4	First time to Tommy Bahama in Vegas and I will be back.  Incredible selection of rums, as in pages if rums from around the world.  The manager came by and gave us some recommendations and we were all happy with the options we chose.The appetizer of ahi poke was delicious, as were the coconut shrimp.  The grilled chicken and mango salad was excellent.  Perfect combo of fresh and light with a nice grilled chicken breast.  The filet and the fish tacos were very good also. A great, refreshing drink option was the rum with ginger beer.  A little sweet but I wanted another.  I will be a regular with the drink selections and the great food.  I'm ready to go back now!
5	First time visiting here and wow food is great! I'm visiting from CA for my birthday, what a treat!
5	I've been here a few times with a friend for dinner--the food is good, I had the tuna tar tar both times and it was great.This review is mainly because Katie, the bartender/our server was so outstanding.  It takes a special flair for someone to be a great server and able to make people want to come back and she definitely has it.  Super cute, personable and goes above and beyond at her job.Another plus-they have quite a few things they can prepare gluten-free, since my friend is intolerant.But Katie is the highlight:)
5	We went on a Saturday night for a quiet dinner. We had a great meal. Starter was the pulled pork quesadilla and it was delicious. For dinner I had a chicken cesar salad and my wife has the Crab stuffed shrimp. It was the best cesar I have ever had by far! The server Dominique suggested it would be best blackened and she was right. My wife enjoyed the shrimp immensely.  The rice was a little chewy but as soon as we told our server it was remedied quickly and the manager even gave us a free dessert or drink coupon for next time. We weren't even complaining we just wanted a replacement rice dish. The Sangria was delicious and really hit the spot. It was a great meal and we will be back for sure!
4	A cool place to check out.. Very trendy. The drinks and food are above average. I had the snapper and a signature drinks. Def a must go... AND OMG.. I don't even like deserts.. The Pina Colada Cake will give you an orgasm.
5	Stumbled in here seeing they actually had a happy hour on Sunday and it exceeded every single expectation! Katie our bartender was very sociable, knowledgeable, and especially sweet. Had the ahi poke (I wanted another one) fish tacos, burger sliders, goat cheese spread and my absolute favorite was the crab bisque. Quick chat with Kevin, the manager and the grapefruit basil cocktail made it the perfect Sunday dinner date with the other half.
4	This was mine and my husband's first time and we were pleasantly surprised. The food was good and the service was great. It was a little on the pricier side and portions were small but again, it was delish! The setting was beautiful and I would love to sit in the patio the next time I go back and look out to Town Square. As far as drinks, I had a holiday special (can't remember the name) and my husband ordered an ale...can't complain! I also plan on going back for happy hour.
4	Lunched outside in the warm spring breeze. Lucked our way into Las Vegas Food Week so had to try the prix fix menu. The fried shrimp were crisp and delicious, burger was juicy and desserts top notch. Great place for a delicious but somewhat spendy lunch
4	Can you say Happy Hour! Yep.....it's good here and reasonable. Variety of wines $5-7 and food snacks which were all great. Reasonably priced 4-7pm everyday. Service- excellent bartenders.
5	I had lunch here last week during restaurant week with my parents, 11 month old daughter, my gf & her 2 year old son. We were seated promptly & we had the best service from Adam! He was friendly, up beat, accommodating, knowledgeable...from going out the night before & receiving horrible service at Bachi burger to receiving the best service from Adam. It was like night & day. Our drinks were always full, he helped me move chairs out of the way to fit the high chairs, our food was delivered in a timely manner. We never had to flag him down for anything. He even suggested we take our dessert to go if we were too full to enjoy at the restaurant. Thank you for being good at what you do & restoring my faith :) I'll be back!
2	Went for happy hour last year... Terrible drinks and crabby bartender. Will likely never go back.
5	Where do I start.... This is my favorite happy hr. Spot in all Las Vegas.  Their amazing and talented bartenders Bryan, David, Huland and Katie are the reason why I keep coming back and bringing more business.  Management is also great they are always checking on clients to make sure everything is going well.  Great environment, good live music, incredible drinks and friendly staff. Tip:Ask Bryan, David, or Katie to surprise you with a drink.
4	On our way out of town, stopped here and had a wonderful lunch.  We sat outside on the patio in the absolutely perfect weather.Service was excellent!  Our server was cheery, attentive, professional, and had a great sense of humor.The Mai Tai drinks were phenomenal - not too sweet, the right amount of rums (perfect dark rum float), completely refreshing.The food was very good.  Hubby had House Roasted Pork Sandwich - a huge helping of pulled pork in a blackberry brandy bbq sauce (so delicious!) on top of fresh crunchy slaw with skinny crispy fried onions piled on a toasted bun.  It was served with some of the best fries around.I had a cup of the crab bisque, which was very tasty but really thick in consistency.  Too thick for my preference.  The Bungalow Salad, however, was fantastic.  Made with greens, dried blueberries, Feta cheese, tomatoes, pepitas, and toasted almonds and macadamia nuts in a lemony vinaigrette, it was excellent!
4	When in Vegas there are many party spots to visit. There are few places at which you can combine a cas and classy atmosphere, buying awesome clothes and having a perfect blue cheese stuffed olive Martini. This is it.
5	A true fine dining experience.  Rob, the manager, and our server Dominique provided and excellence service.  This was my first time at a Tommy Bahama restaurant as I didn't even know they were in the food industry.  I was truly amazed by both the service and the food.  I had the crab bisque and Thai shrimp and scallops, both were delicious.  One of the best meals I've ever eaten!
5	Being a veteran in the service industry, it was nice to see a venue like this run a pleasurable and seamless guest experience.  Being Easter Sunday and with the family, we toiled of where to have lunch since so many options are available in Las Vegas.  On this warm day, my wife and I were craving a tropical and refreshing beverage and Tommy Bahamas came to mind.        We were greeted immediately and sat promptly, the room was beautiful and had a relaxed elegant feel.  Amanda was our server, she was very knowledgeable and relayed specials and suggestions in a personable manor that connected with us.  We find many venues relay this info as if reading it directly from a service manual, not Amanda.  Our drinks were delivered,mango habanero margarita and a blood orange margarita with a lil habanero to kick it up a notch.  These drinks did not disappoint and fulfilled that craving and so did the Ensuing Mai Tai.  Our food was cooked to perfection and was abundant and delicious.  Jessica, who I believe to be a manager, offered to box our food for us which we thought was an awesome touch, especially coming from a manager.  She checked in on tables and assisted the room from a genuine place of service and sincerity.  In fact the whole room seemed to flow together and assist each other in an unobtrusive, professional, and guest first fashion.  As we exited, staff thanked us, wished us a good day, and invited us back.  Overall great value and great experience, look forward to going back!
5	The experience was perfect.  The staff and waitress was amazingly attentive.  The food was stellar.  We had the crab cakes to start, yum!! We had the anchor chili scallops and coffee rub steak, both were perfect, the scallops blew my mind! I took the pina colada cake to go, so moist and tasty.Highly recommended!
4	We enjoy the vibe and the food at Tommy Bahamas.  Its located at Fashion Square so the parking is kind of a pain in the butt unless you find an open spot curbside.  There are two approaches to eating at Tommy Bahamas....Weight Gain or Weight Loss.  If you are looking to gain weight with their delicious rich and savory menu selection, I would start by eating the bread with ginger honey butter.  If you like sandwiches, the cuban sandwich is very rich and tasty.  I also recommend the Grilled bbq spare ribs.  Decadent.  Chicken Tortilla soup is also very tastyIf you are looking to lose or maintain weight, they have a pretty decent salad selection.  Ahi tuna with Kale and mushrooms is pretty solid.  So is the grilled chicken salad.  For those of you who are into libations, My wife loves the Grapefruit basil Martini.  Its a light drink that's not too sweet...perfect for a hot day.
5	We recently celebrated your 25th wedding anniversary at Tommy's in the Town Square. Our friends and family come from all over so our guests decided that our celebration would take place in Las Vegas. What better choice than the Marriage Capital of the World. Everything else was easy once the destination was selected. We immediately knew we were going to Tommy Bahamas.We have been Tommy Bahama fans (both restaurant and retail) for a number of years.  We have always found the food, drinks, atmosphere and service exceptional based on our experiences in Orlando, Palm Springs, Scottsdale, Myrtle Beach and Las Vegas.   Kaaren provided suggestions or assisted with coordinating a myriad of details including decorations, flowers, live music, menu, beverage and signature drinks, snacks, favours, and ensuring taxi services were available.Finally our big day arrived.  We renewed our vows in the Bahama Room; adjourned to the Garden Room for champagne and hors d'oeuvres and then returned to the Bahama Room for dining and live music.We could not have been more pleased with the success of the day.  Our guests attended from Bermuda, Prince Edward Island, Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, Ontario, Saskatchewan, Alberta, British Columbia, Arizona and Nevada.  All of the guests commented on the wonderful venue and ambience.We are already planning a return trip to Tommy Bahamas Las Vegas to celebrate our 26th anniversary, but on a much smaller scale. We hope to visit, have a Dark and Stormy and enjoy a dining experience at each and every Tommy Bahama restaurant location as part of "Living The Life".Our sincere thanks for a fabulous day.Till next time,
2	I only wish I knew the managers name....This Tommy Bahama restaurant needs a professional to run this business.  So sad that a customer needs to tell the manager that the music (the singer and group were great) sound system was so off that not one word was understood.  The group was great...SOUND SYSTEM NOT ADJUSTED.FOOD OKAY...Service.  The worst ....I think the staff is unhappy...   NEW MANAGEMENT ...IS NEEDED...Wait...this is Tommy Bahama...Management...Do,you think a Tommy Bahama dress theme may help...Or someone that LOOKS like a manager...We have visited MANY. Tommy Bahama Restaurants...This..by far is the worst..Keep in mind.  The food was fine...the service poor...only because...of attitude of staff...Bottom line...entertainment was great...Sound system poor.  Staff seemed unhappy.  Manager unprofessional.  Food was average.
3	This could be a solid 4 for Happy Hour....but....the music is too loud and intrusive to be in the bar area...perhaps out in the patio would be better....The waitress we had was not professional but cute and tried her best....the manager was a joke....also not professional was just a A..H... personality...not customer oriented AT ALL. Happy Hour food and drink was good and atmosphere also good.....everyone was very nice except the manager....and the prices are appropriate
5	I really like this place! I love their food, their Meomi, their ambiance, their patio, I just like it a lot. I've had both great, amazing experiences here and one not so hot. Overall I like this place a lot. I would recommend them to my friends and still do. The restaurant itself is located in a great area. Has a great staff, and their dishes are some of the best I've had in Town Square. Definitely check them out.
3	Tshirts and happy hours together!!!Located in Town Square, this Business is one of those two tone or two ideas rolled into one. Retail and Restaurant rolled into one symbiotic relationship.I'll start by saying Australia does have Tommy Bahamas, but to tell the truth you would never really know they were there. Most are located in very high volume tourist areas that locals never swing by. So my general experiences have been from this location.Strolling through the retail section I would say that maybe some of the gear isn't in my age bracket just yet. That's not to say older fashion beach and boating wear isn't cool. "Bow ties are cool" so who am I to judge.Now for the few happy hours that I been to here. Id like to say I was impressed with the menu and range they had. Sitting out on the patio we grabbed the sliders, seafood tacosAnd a Mai Tai.All were great, the sliders had a great tasting  bun which I was informed was Hawaiian bread. The tacos had a slight spice kick to them with half decent Mai tai that to be honest didn't really hit the mark.The service wasn't too bad, seating and the server both were prompt delivering dishes and clearing tables with smile. High chairs and a kids menu are also provided but the menu is full of deep fried stuff which I'm not a huge fan of..OverallDrinks: 2-5Food: 3-5Service: 4-5Back again: yeah maybe I'll stop by, but there is a few other places Id go to first in town square
1	*a bar lounge/restaurant review* Unfortunately the waitress we got stuck with ruined the entire Tommy Bahama experience. Poor attitude, neglected us all night, screwed up the order and since she never stopped by to check how our meal was after it was delivered, well we never got to tell her. Water cups not once refilled. The food, exceptional. I only got one drink and one appetizer (won ton tuna tacos). The drink was amazing. The tacos were good but won-ton shells are probably not the best case for tacos- they break easy and the contents just spill everywhere. Smh. If I come here again, it'll be for happy hour and drinks only.
2	I'm usually not this harsh on a review but I'm not going there again.Ordered tortilla chips and guacamole as an appetizer. $10 and a very small serving. Not worth it!I had the beer battered fish sandwich. After 3 bites I already knew my stomach was going to be giving me problems. It was literally dripping oil. Every bite felt like a spoon of oil. Couldn't finish the sandwich. That's saying a lot for me.
4	My first time to a TB and was pleasantly surprised al the way around. We had a large party of 11 and our host had eaten here the week before for the first time with a large group. The apps that we ordered were all killer especially the Ahi tuna tacos, and poki.Overall, everyone enjoyed their entrees or salads as well as the desserts. Service was great however, we had dinner on the early side.
4	Went for Happy Hour but ended up ordering mostly from the main menu. The only item I ordered from the HH menu was the Ahi Poke. It was served on top of guacamole and came with 3 crispy chips. It was pretty good but wish it was a bigger portion. The main entrees, I had their 8oz filet mignon, med rare. They cooked it perfectly. The filet was very tender and easy to slice. The sauce was on the creamy side but had a nice flavor to go with it. I also had the coconut shrimp. A crisp outer layer and a refreshing slaw & sauce to go with it. I had the pineapple creme brulee for dessert. Delicious! They served it inside a pineapple slice. There was pineapple chunks on the bottom and creme brulee on top of it. I will come back for more.
5	My absolute favorite happy hour in Las Vegas! Sit on the patio and chill. Food is fantastic and the drink options are pretty great too! We have been here a few times within the past month or so and it does not get old. Service is great me food is consistent. Great for groups me even the little ones.... I keep mine outside. Definitely try this place!
5	Wow.  This is one of our new favorites.  This is the first time we have tried this restaurant.  The atmosphere at the Town Square location was terrific.  It reminded us of Hawaii.  Luckily we were there during the early evening when it wasn't too busy.  I'm sure it get's packed with people later at night.We shared a jerk pork tenderloin dinner.  I would recommend it.  The sauce they added was terrific.
5	It gets BUSY at Happy Hour! So be a nice, little, patient guest and understand that the staff is running their a***es off and will get to you as soon as they can. The live music was really fun and different. I loved the large selection on happy hour and as a first timer, I had a blast and will definitely be back :) Katie, our bartender, recommended the fish tacos and the goat cheese apps on happy hour. I got those! Yum! The regular guy next to me also ordered the blackened fish tacos and gave them high praise and a thumbs up to me in my wise ordering. My gf and I had a couple cocktails and personalized shots and we were then definitely inducted into the cool club. Lol. We went upstairs to Blue Martini for ladie's night, BUT I wish I had just stayed and chilled at Tommy Bahamas!!!!!Better service, more fun, delicious food, and a chill atmosphere at Tommy Bahama's I will tell everyone btw! It's a Town Square hidden gem.But, if you'd like to be carded a million times, pay more for watered down stupid martini and "extra" shaker drinks (BM) drinks, go to Yard House or Blue Martini. haha! Enjoy my photos and more to come!
5	This place was pretty good. We came for happy hour, which seemed to be wise, because the regular prices on the menu are a little high. I ordered a Mojito which turned out to be pretty strong. No shortage on alcohol in this one. LOL! Then I had the Sangria, which was good, but a little sweet. Then I ordered the blackened fish tacos and macadamia nut encrusted goat cheese.  Both were yummy and I would order them again. My friend ordered the sliders and they looked very good, so I will try those next time. The service was great!  Bartender was friendly and super helpful when asking questions.  Also they had a guy in the corner with his guitar playing music and he sounded really good.This place had a great vibe and great happy hour!!
4	Great food, relaxing tropical ambiance and friendly service. I enjoy this place every time I dine here. The shrimp yuzu tacos are my favorite.
5	Met my parents here for a change while in Vegas and what a fun dining experience! It's beautiful and airy, and Town Square is a beautiful place to walk around. I got the fish tacos and they were light and delicious. Great flavor! I will be back!
4	Stopped by on a Sunday for a late lunch.   Atmosphere is very nice, open and airy, even in the Las Vegas heat.    I ordered the crab cake appetizer as a small portion, which they allow you to do on selected items.   It came with a wonderful asian coleslaw, and was very refreshing and delicious.   Wish I ordered the full size appetizer, it was far better than expected!I also had the pork sandwich with blackberry brandy barbeque sauce.  It's basically a pulled pork sandwich with onion straws, and it was very good, as were the crispy fries.    The only reason that they didn't get 5 stars was due to the timing of my food.   The sandwich came out before the appetizer, so I had to ask to see if they forgot this item.   A minor issue, since this was ordered at the bar, and I'd expect table servers to be more on their game.I had the New Belgium Ranger IPA on tap, very nice!   I didn't bother having them list all beers on tap, but this was a great option.Overall, I will definitely be back, and would recommend this to others.
2	I'm not convinced that this restaurant can stand up with everything else in town square. So we've been wanting to try this place out because we heard good things about it. So the place as far as decor was awesome it felt really high end. Now when i looked at the menu the items they had were very simple and stuff that had their own twist on it. Our server recommended that i try their vegas burger and my wife had the filet mignon and we had the Ahi Poke Napoleon*. Now the bill i think was the most outrageous part of this meal because for that a couple drinks and a dessert the meal was like $100. Ahi Poke napoleon (3/5 stars)- just your typical raw tuna dressed with sesame oil and on top of avocado came with some chips to eat withVegas Burger (3/5 stars)- It had alot of ingredients. Cheese, bacon, egg, and this pineapple glaze on a toasted egg bun. the burger was good but it was the pineapple glaze that totally threw it off.if they were to put some ranch and a little it of that glaze on the patty it might have tasted betterFilet MIgnon (1/5 stars)- being that i just went to Mastros to eat i think my expectations were that it was going to be a good steak but nope..overpriced and not well preparedOverall i love the service and love the restaurant but if i eat here again i will probably order something else..Tommy Bahamas you owe me one!!!
5	Just recently moved back to Vegas from CA. I have to say that the bad taste left in my mouth from the utter lack of customer service in CA was quickly erased as we were seated at the bar in Tommy Bahama's. The bartender, Katie, greeted us immediately and asked us where we wanted to sit. She brought over water and menus without us even asking for them. My friend was commenting that her phone was dead and Katie brought over her own personal rapid charger and plugged my friends phone in. Then she helped me decide on what to drink, I was torn between wine and their sangria. Katie responded with "Don't you worry about it, I am going to make you something that you will love!" She was right on. It was delicious. She then proceeded to tell us about their mind blowing Happy Hour and all the different appetizers they offered. After we paid the bill, the General Manager came over, introduced himself and asked if everything was ok. Superior Customer Service is an understatement. They really nailed it. We will be back. Thank you Katie!
3	Great tasty high quality cocktail, food are decent, but over priced besides happy hour.
4	Okay so I haven't been back since my last review in November 2010. We went tonight and sat in the bar waiting for a table but 10 minutes in we decided why not eat at the bar? They had the Angels baseball game on and an acoustic duo that was great. Plus the volume wasn't too loud so we could still carry a convo. My husband had the ribs (and he's from Texas so he knows ribs) and he loved them. Let me tell you, he is a plainJane eater, I didn't think he would find anything on the menu let alone actually like something and he said it was excellent! I had the rib eye. Excellent, cooked perfect and I enjoyed every bite! We'll be back!!
5	Just wanted to say that the service at. Tommy Bahama restraunt is TOP NOTCH! They kept my ice cream cake in their freezer, gave us plates, knife, forks to eat the cake with, doggie bag the extra pieces of cake, and washed my cake container! All that with no cake fee!!! The waitress was super nice and was not bothered by us asking her to doggie bag the cake two times.
5	We booked the private room for our wedding reception.  From the start, Kaaren was so helpful,  friendly and responsive to our ever changing head count.  Even though we arrived 25 minutes early, they quickly adjusted and our guest were promptly escorted into the room.  The buffet tables had fresh flowers that added the perfect touch.  The food was incredible! Days later our guests are still raving about coconut shrimp and Pina colada cake. Everything was so good! The drinks were amazing! No weak drinks! The 2 wait staff were friendly,  always on point and very attentive to all our guests needs and requests.  They made this part of getting married easy,  seamless and as little stress as possible.Highly recommended!
5	I come here every time I come to vegas now because I love the food and the cocktails ;) the artichoke appetizer is delish and i usually ask for extra lemon aoili. I like the cant e lope drink and the pineapple martini. The ahi tuna tacos and blackened fish tacos are yummy. I've had the key lime pie, chocolate cake and pineapple creme brulee and all of them are good. They also serve this bread before your meal with a sweet butter yum. The servers are all very friendly and i feel right at home
5	Dear Tommy Bahammas, today I cheated on you with Ale House and paid the price....  Undercooked chicken wings, tasteless food and poor service. I learned my lesson and promise to be faithful to you and my favorite bar tenders Katie and Brian.  Yours truly,Loyal customer.
4	Great food and service.  Portions are pretty good, I would say on the smaller side, but it all tastes great.
4	Came here for happy hour and atmosphere and service were great. Grilled fish tacos and macadamia goat cheese were great, ahi poke and pulled pork quesadilla ok. I had a Mai Tai and a margy. Mai Tai was far too sweet, and the margarita just the opposite, far too tart. Next time I might stick to beer.The decor is interesting, reminding me of a repurposed Ralph Lauren with monkey murals. It was very comfortable but I didn't get the island time feeling. For that I guess I'll go to Frankie's Tiki Room.
5	I come to the bar area irregularly and it is the greatest! Most of the time they have good live music playing. Kelly and Ashley are the best bartenders! They will make any drink for you so long as you ask them. They even made a drink up for me and it is now my goto drink when I come here. Always love coming here on Wednesdays!
5	Had lunch here today and I was pleasantly surprised.  We had the crab cakes to start and they were delicious. I really enjoyed the Thai sauce that they were served with.  I ordered the crab bisque and it was amazing.  My husband really enjoyed the baked fish tacos.  I will definitely come back here the next time I'm in Town Square.
4	If you're willing to make the trek out here, it's fabulous! I first fell in love with the Tommy Bahama restaurant in Orlando and this one sure didn't disappoint.Everyone in our group was really happy with their entrees. There was a chicken mango salad, crab-stuffed shrimp, coffee rubbed steak, and a chicken. I can't remember which chicken, but it was ordered at the recommendation of our server and was fabulous! We ate surprisingly little seafood, but if the crab-stuffed shrimp are any indicator of how good the seafood is - we'll need to go back for more! So yummy!Save room for the key lime pie too!It's also much more reasonably priced than on-strip restaurants. That's probably a no brainer, but it's nice to know. Also loved the service. We were the last ones in there, but never felt rushed or pressured to hurry it up.
5	Amazing service, good food. The staff really took time with us and made sure we were very happy. Even giving us a coupon for a free app/drink next time presumably because they found out we are locals. We got a pitcher of sangria and a local sandwiches for a late lunch and we had so much fun. We'll definitely be back.
4	Met a friend for a lunch and business.  Parking can be a challenge at Town Square but worth the effort.  Varied,  extensive menu.  I had a grilled chicken and mango salad.  I was looking forward to the Meyer lemon vinaigrette and was a little disappointed as it was a little overly sweet.  The chicken was seasoned and cooked well.  Portion size was perfect. Service was good.
5	Five stars to my latest experience at tommy Bahamas. Our bartender Kelly really made the afternoon perfect. She has the perfect personality for the service industry and our drinks were timely. But that's not all. This girl makes one helluva key lime martini! Our service was top notch and she handled herself like a true professional. The food was decadent, as always, and the happy hour music wasn't so loud that you couldn't hear the person next to you. I always cringe when I hear the term "live music" but this was quiet, pleasant, and even enjoyable. We will definitely be coming back for happy hour and sitting at the bar so that we can have more of Kelly's FANTASTIC martinis!
5	Nothing but amazing things to say about this restaurant! My husband and I were here scouting options for large party dining options for our clients. Kaaren is honestly the most amazing host and representative of this restaurant! She walked us through the property and showed us the private dining space. If you are in need of  private or semi-private dining for ANYTHING this is the place to go! The decor is beautiful and the food was well above our expectations.  The bartender makes amazing drinks - there are no weak drinks here! We started off with the coconut shrimp and then for our main course I had the Linguine with clams and my husband had the Fish Tacos (make sure SOMEONE in your party gets these).This is by far our new favorite restaurant and I cannot wait to start sending our clients here!  Thank you to Kaaren and the entire staff for their hospitality! We will see you soon!Magen & CorySeat's Taken Concierge
4	Pretty up-market kind of place.  The drinks and food were inventive, well-prepared and well presented.  I had the cheapest entree possible at @16.95... the blackened fish tacos which were excellent!  Next time I have the coffee-crusted ribeye steak... I can't even imagine what that'd be like.Only place in the country I've found a "Dark and Stormy" (Ginger Beer with Dark Rum). Easy to get in the caribbean.  Tommy Bahamas makes a specialty out of its rum collection and concoctions.
4	Food was good but not as hot as I'd like fish, rice and asparagus to be.  Good flavor and service.  Enjoyed a specialty drink. A little pricey. Unusual dessert looks.  Nice number of food choices.  Spicey butter was appreciated. Extra touches.
5	Great place for happy for happy hour.  My favorite is the Tuna Poke app and the local brew hefeweizen.  Our bartender Kelly was friendly and provided great entertainment!  Her pleasant attitude made it a great night out.  Definitely ask for Kelly, she's the best!  There is also live entertainment with a great voice.
5	We had not been here for a few years. We were visiting Las Vegas from Dallas and thought we would check it out again. I think they do a very good job of making you feel like you are in Hawaii. Their lunch prices sure are similar to those in Hawaii. Although lunch is pricey, the food and service is wonderful.I would suggest this is a great place to go if you are a visitor in town. If you are a local, what a great place for some wonderful Tommy Bahamas shopping and a nice lunch! The food selections and the service are fantastic.
5	Located in Town Square on Las Vegas Blvd. just south of the Famous Las Vegas Strip. What a fantastic happy hour! Fun items on the menu such as Jerk Chicken Lollipops! The coconut pineapple cake is not to be missed, and I usually wont eat dessert unless chocolate is involved, so there os that. Take a seat on the patio for some fun people watching. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
2	I opted to have lunch here after enjoying some early Christmas shopping at Tommy Bahamas. I could not have been more disappointed. The Hostess greated me nicely. I asked her if there were any Vegetarian options on the menu. She said "oh yes.  We have several great options."  I was encouraged. I asked for a table on the patio. The hostess hesitated then said she didn't have any available. Would I like to sit near the open doors. I agreed and was seated. She removed the cutlery and napkin from the table and left me with a menu. Not sure why. Later when my food came I had to ask for cutlery and a napkin. While I looked over the menu I noticed three available tables on the patio- two 4-tops and one 2-top. The waitress came by to take my order and just as I was about to ask about the table outside the Hostess sat a couple at the 2-top. It was clear my being a single guest was a problem for them. Carrying on I ordered a glass of wine and asked what she recommended for vegetarian lunch. She said the veggie burger was very popular. She left to get my wine. When she came back I said I would like to have the veggie burger. She said they were all out. They haven't been able to get any for awhile. Really?  What now? I asked about the mango chicken salad. It said it could be served as a veggie dish. She said all they do is remove the chicken. The price would be the same either way. Yikes!  This just kept getting worse. I asked her to request the price be adjusted to reflect the removal of the protein. She spoke to the chef and came back with a yes. Thus my lunch was a plate of lettuce with some strips of mango. I enjoyed my wine and tolerated the salad just in time for the next blow. Rather than ask me directly if I would like some more wine or anything else, the server asked me if I wanted anything as she was heading through the door to the patio. It was as if she couldn't be bothered with a single diner .  Despite my awful experience I left a 15% tip and paid my bill. Tommy Bahamas you need to do much better than that!
4	This was suggested the other night while we were in Town Sq., I knew it was a chain, but had never gone in.We had a blast! The food was great! The service was AMAZING! I was so pleasantly surprised and realized what I had been missing out on assuming it was "just another chain restaurant" Fun place that I would happily go to again when playing in Town Sq!! Maybe next time the Happy Hour, our waitress said it was the best deal in the Sq.
5	I gave Tommy Bahama an opportunity to improve on my previous experience and they succeeded in spades.  The service was excellent.  Our server, Domonique, was very knowledgeable about the menu, she made a few recommendations that worked out very well. The first recommendation was for a spiced sangria that was so delicious.  Dominique was genuinely friendly and her service timing was excellent.  The food was delicious and beautifully presented.  There was live music in the lounge that we really enjoyed listening to during our meal.  All in all, Tommy Bahama did a great job. Full Disclosure: the regional manager reached out to me about my previous experience.  I am impressed that Patrick cared about the issues and pledged to provide some training for the staff.  I am confident Tommy Bahama is a business that strives to learn from their mistakes and continue to strive for excellence. We will be back.
5	Surprisingly great food! I will be back for sure! All my friends enjoyed their meal as well.The drinks weren't the best I ever had but they weren't terrible. Friendly service, I just love this place!
3	Had a great happy hour in the bar.  The salads are good, along with the tacos.  Sip the guacamole and cream cheese dips, very strange.  Drinks are half price, service is good.  Bonus is the live music in the bar area.
1	Dropping my review down to a single star. Here's why: Came here at my suggestion for a good friend's birthday dinner last week. Her salmon dinner was ridiculously under cooked. We sent it back and another was brought out, but this should've never happened, let alone on her birthday. It was never mentioned or offered to be refunded. Tonight I dined with my children, and my daughter was halfway through her burger when I noticed it too was severely undercooked. We ordered a medium burger, and it was very RAW. I felt bad that I hadn't noticed it earlier, but again: it should've never been served this raw. My son ordered the same burger and it too was raw. Our waitress did remove one burger from our bill, but why not both? Both burgers were undercooked! She didn't even pretend to care. We had a horrible, neglected dinner. I guess we weren't worthy enough to offer the dessert tray to either. I didn't want to leave a tip at all, but I did leave a crappy one. Very disappointed, because I come here often and these back to back poor experiences just left me angry. I don't know what the hell happened to this place. But two visits in one week and awful food is unacceptable. Where is the accountability in the kitchen?!?! Stop sending out under-cooked food! Love the rum drinks here, but we won't be back. Just rotten.  :-(
1	THE worse experience I've had in a long time in a restaurant... our party of 6 showed up and there was no wait... very surprising on a Saturday. But after sitting at the table for 15 minutes with no service..No one even approached the table I understood why. The service is sub par and the staff is obviously not well trained. The funny part is that when we walked out they thanked us for coming ... clueless!
1	My family & I go out to eat every  Friday,Saturday, & Sunday. I don't think we have ever had such horrible service. We sat at the table for 10 minutes not one person took our drinks or even greeted us. All the employees just looked at our table nobody ever came. When we finally got up to leave some of the employees said bye thank you. Worst service ever.
5	Went in a few days ago and had the BEST server,  Shannon! She was so sweet and attentive! She also suggested the really yummy goat cheese app and my fiance also loved the blackened fish tacos she recommended.
5	I absolutely love this place!  The staff was very friendly, and knowledgeable.  The restaurant was very clean.  We sat in the bar area, which had a live musician!  The red sangria is the best I've had!  We ordered the food that the server recommended and it was amazing!  I will definitely be returning!!
