2	I love Chinese food ("real" or western). And having lived in San Francisco, I'm always looking for a great Chinese restaurant. I really wanted to like this place for a multitude of reasons. And while it may satisfy some homesick cravings for those fresh off the boat, the food wasn't good enough for a second chance. Although you CAN dine in, don't. The staff are indeed really nice, but this place is dingy, way overlit with one of the most disgusting bathrooms I've seen in Canada. So if you decide to eat the food here, take it out.Some of the dishes (bok choi shanghi style aka with lots of garlic and the pork w/ green onion dumplings) were delicious. The double-cooked pork was popular and might be good, too, but we didn't get it.  The lamb soup? Seriously? No way. Maybe I'm missing something but little fatty pieces of overcooked, tasteless lamb in a huge bowl of thick, pasty noodles and seaweed? It actually tasted like Chinese grocery stores smell. Place is cheap, however (all under $10 with the dumplings being 20 for $7.50). This one could fall down onto the one-star side of the fence if i weren't for the staff and dumplings, which were hand-made by a lady sitting in the dining room stuffing them with chopsticks. Rating Scale:1 Star: Avoid the town in which this place is located just to be safe.  2 Star: With so many great places to choose from, why risk this one?3 Star: I'll try it again or consume here in a pinch.4 Star: I go here regularly if financially and/or calorically feasible.5 Star: I look forward to taking my wife or friends here.
4	If you like authentic Chinese food... Sorry, AUTHENTIC Chinese food, this place is an excellent choice. Cheap, yes, no frills, yes, but honest-to-goodness, REAL Chinese food. Recommended by Chinese peeps - the newly immigrated sort. It's not in Verdun for nothing!
5	One of my favorite places to eat. Homemade noodles in a savoury lamb broth, so satisfying. Its the real deal! And definitely must try the sweet and spicy "hand pulled" cabbage!
3	Good noodles: checkPerfectly cooked roasted chicken: checkHygiene: ehhhhh....Come over if you are looking to enjoy the food only, as you will be disappointed by the decor and the hygiene of the place. Also, they only have styrofoam cups if you want to drink anything.The noodles were handmade and tasted great, the broth was okay and I wish I got more lamb in my soup. The Daokou roasted chicken was really well cooked and the meat just falls off the bones really easily, it is moist and tasted amazing.They claim that their chicken need lots of time to cook, so they roast them in the morning and then reheat them in the microwave prior to serving. That's complete BS. In China, you always get the Daokou roasted chicken cooked fresh. It is usually cooked for several hours and then finished in the oven just prior to serving, not using the microwave.
5	Fantastic authentic Chinese food!!! One place that I come regularly. We usually order the noodles, the chicken and the cucumber appetizer. MUST TRY!!!
4	Great Authentic chinese food!This is not the 'Canadian-version' of chinese food but the real thing, and is very good. The roasted chickens are great, the meat savory with ginger and spices. The soup is great with handmade noodles and the dunplings are also very tasty. Prices are low and great too!  I would agree ambiance wise, its a little sketchy, but I can ignore it for some good soup!!
