4	Nice people. Very friendly with a smile.  The lot it's in is a little unassuming considering it's behind a gate (in a very industrial area, near Deer Valley Airport) but they came and picked me up from my work and took me back and I was in my rental in what seemed like 2 seconds.I would use the location again.
4	This Enterprise location is pretty good. It's small, and the selection is scarce, but when you reserve ahead, they should have what you request. That didn't happen for us, though. We reserved a compact car in March for our week-long road trip Phoenix to LA to San Francisco (via Hwy 1) to LA (via I-5) to Phoenix. The renter ahead of us got the last compact vehicle (a Toyota Yaris that we later saw her struggling to fit her bicycle in), so they offered us a few alternatives. At no extra cost, a Chrysler 200 or a Ford Edge; or, for $10 more per day, a Nissan Altima. We wanted a small car for the gas mileage benefit, but the agent assured us that the Edge also got decent mileage with it's EcoBoost engine. So, for the added space and comfort, we chose the Edge. On the return of our trip, check-in was quick and the agent was just as nice as before. We rented another car a few weeks ago for a weekend trip to LA and we experienced the same type of service as the first, so I'm confident that this location is consistent with regards to their service. One tip, though, for any rental. If you reserve several weeks in advance, continue to check the rates. My initial quote 3 weeks in advance was $140 for an intermediate sized car. After changing the reservation a couple times over the 3 weeks, the final quote was around $87 for a full size car (2 classes higher than the initial).
2	Poor and inconsistent service.   Rates are high with requirements other rental companies dont have not to mention it was like they were doing me a favor for me to spend 600 bucks with them.  Don't even try to rent if you use a debit card need everything from references, utility statements and first born. Recommend checking other rental agencies that appreciate return customers and more than likely have better rates.
2	Not a customer friendly location especially if you are a busy person. I have rented from different locations before. I usually get my e-receipts on their website under my account. If I don't find it there I call the location and they email it to me. This location didn't post the receipt on the website. When I called them they didn't seem to care if I couldn't find or email it to me. They need me visit their location. He doesn't care if I have National Car Rentals' Emerald  Executive Elite membership ( Enterprise , I believe is sister concern of National ) or Enterprise e-plus membership.
2	Okay as I am writing a review I called him yesterday to be picked up around 12:00 or 1:00 and of course they said that they will be here and it is now 2:00 I called in and it seems to be another 30 minutes its very I have places to go and it is very inconvenient and  inconsistent but then again they're we are new in town that is only place we went to rent a car they also miss communicate with us about car rates, I don't know usually enterprise is really good but apparently in this location not so good I need to step it up and be consistent I'm just saying honestly speaking booyah
5	These guys could not have impressed me any more. I will always rent from them when I need a car.   After mentioning that I required a USB and audio connection, we picked a car that appeared to have that, as it was labeled! After driving away, I found it was like a standard factory "option" plate that had no internal "guts"... it was just a square hole that said "USB" with no actual connection inside.  Anyway, I came back and they got me on my way quickly with another car, and it was totally not their fault as the car appeared to have it, but even upon returning the car, their courtesy and professionalism was the absolute best one could hope for in any business. Victor was especially awesome.
4	Great service at this location.  They offer pick up and drop service too.  Easy to reach if you're in this area.  Car was nice - I recommend.
5	The team at enterprise is awesome they always check you out fast, they give you a ride and keep costs low.
3	The car was in great shape. The maintenance light turned on when I got on the road, I was going out of town, so too late to turn around. The prices were expensive as well.
