5	Faith Works Automotive does good business.  I have a 2004 Toyota Matrix with 152k miles.  I called at 2:30 pm, made it into the place by 3 pm, had them inspect all my brakes, was told that I only needed to replace the back ones, and that even though my tires were cracking that I could still get another 1-2k miles out of them.  The cracks were more due to the kind of rubber composite the tires were made of.  And I had an oil change and was out the door by 4:30 pm.  Fast, honest, and fair.  I think I've found my new mechanic.
5	How do they not have more reviews on Yelp????? I've seen other reviews on google I think.....The most honest auto repair company, my husband and I helped a friend with her car and my husband knows cars. He wanted to call and make sure Paul was being fair with our friend since she doesn't know cars, and my husband was SHOCKED at how awesome and honest they are!! A man of his word, fair, kind, and they fixed get cat for a great price. Amazing.We have since started bringing our car to Paul and never had any problems. I tell EVERYONE I know about faithworks :)
5	Looking for a trustworthy car repair shop is stressful, nerve wracking and scary. You worry about the cost, being taken advantage of, missing work because your car will be out of commission, etc etc. So, let me just make it really easy for you, this is THE best place in the valley to get your vehicle serviced.Paul, the owner is a car genius! He will make sure that whatever is going on is figured out and fixed up right away. I appreciate the fact that he never tries to sell you something you don't need or adds unneeded repair to your bill. He is up front and honest about the situation. He has been trusted with two of my cars and I have always been grateful for the work he's done.The staff is very helpful and knowledgeable and above all else, kind and considerate. Highly recommend!
5	***NEW location @ SE corner of Alma School and Guadalupe***Ive been to my share of auto places and Faithworks is the best. There is a reason why the East Valley Tribune keeps recognizing them as an outstanding shop. They are honest, take the time to explain options, tell you what you can avoid and ask questions like, 'how long do you plan to keep this car?' and make recommendations accordingly. Reasonable prices too. Only wish they were closer to the house (which with their new location they are!).
5	I used to go from one bad mechanic to the next... Until I found this shop about 3 yrs ago- and haven't been anywhere else since! The employees/staff are honest, fair priced, concerned, they do a great job! As a family that has several older cars I've done a fair amount of business with them, I like them because they don't try to get you to fix a whole bunch of other stuff they simply get you back on the road, but will tell you in so many thousand miles you will need a "XYZ" as a person on a budget I appreciate that because I have time to save up for it rather than be stranded and left with an unfortunate surprise! Unfortunately they have slacked a little in calling people back the way they used to- but that's the only negative thing I can say-
5	I went by their shop the other day because something felt weird with what I thought was my transmission. I had called and Josh said they were quite busy but I could bring it by and he would check it out. I was there for about a half hour or so. He took it for a test drive and felt what I had been concerned about, hooked it up to the machine to see if there were any pending alerts that hadn't turned a check light on yet and cleared something out (I don't really know the details). Whatever he cleared out made it so that car is working perfectly fine now and he didn't even charge me for his time spent. I will definitely go back there with my future car repair/maintenance needs. It's so hard to find a trustworthy mechanic that won't rip you off! I feel confident that I will get great service at a fair price at FaithWorks. Thank you Josh for your help!
