4	I brought my LED tv/monitor in because the tv channels were not being identified.  They took about a week to call me back (which was fine, since I was in no hurry), and told me that the motherboard was malfunctioning and that it would cost more to fix it than I paid for it in the first place.  They recommend that I just use it as a monitor.  Oh well.  Disappointed in the tv, but Pioneer didn't charge me anything to look at it and diagnose it.  AND, they're open Saturdays until 2pm.
5	My older floor model RCA big screen TV all of a sudden turned off and we could not get it to turn back on.After searching online for a TV repair company in Las Vegas I came across Pioneer TV Service.I left them a message at 11pm on a Tuesday night and they called me back at 8am the next morning to schedule a same day appointment.By 2pm one of the owners was in my home and it took him less than 2-minutes to diagnose that my TV had a power loss issue that was common the older your set gets. He quoted me $350.00 to fix it less a 10% senior discount.He and another gentlemen carefully loaded by TV up and took it back to the shop.It was promise to be returned in 2 days and it was!They are very honest people, easy to deal with and I will be calling them if I have any more issues with my TV.Great also is they give you a 1 year guarantee on the parts.I highly recommend them!!!
4	Friendly service and quick repair. I got my module repaired on my 2003 64" dlp Mitsubishi for $285, that included the costs for them to come down and pick up the piece from my house and bring it back to install it. My t.v. works as good as new. It beats buying a new t.v. the same size which would have been at least $1000 more than just fixing the one I have.
4	Fast service.  The service guy was very knowledgable.
1	I initially decided to go with Pioneer TV Services because of its reviews on Yelp. However, after experiencing them for myself I'm not sure how they have such a glowing recommendation from others. I called to schedule a pick up with the company and was given a time that was more than reasonable. They agreed they'd pick up the tv on Fri and I called on Wed. The gentlemen shows up to pick up the tv with the time specified. Great! So far so good. Dependable and fast as others have said. However, that's where the satisfaction ended. Saturday I received a call from the company who left a voicemail stating they had examined the TV and had an estimate for me. I call them back within 5 minutes of receiving the voicemail. I got a gentlemen on the line who tells me he can't tell me anything because he doesn't know what the price is but continues to tell me what needed to be replaced. How do you know what work was done but can't tell me the pricing on it?? I find that pretty hard to believe. He then proceeds to tell me that he can't tell me an estimate and I will need to wait until Monday to hear back. Monday morning comes along and I hear back from them and they tell me that ALL the compacitors need to be replaced and the motherboard is an issue. He then tells me that it's too much to repair and it'll be a waste of money "so either pick up the tv for $35 or leave the tv with us (them) at no charge". Where in the world did the $35 service fee come from?! You'd keep me tv at no charge?? So you can scrap the parts?! WOW!!! Honesty apparently went out the door. Not only am I disgusted by the service but disgusted by the individuals who run this business. Never again!
5	Service guy came right out that same morning I called in. He was friendly and knowledgable. Had my TV repaired that same day. The other TV repair company had installed an incorrect lamp. Now my TV looks great.
