5	This recently-opened Christian Louboutin store is sure to impress any loubie fan. As the second location (first one in the Palazzo), it's sure to knock your heels off ;)The store is glam and gorgeous, but still warm and inviting. They have a fine selection of their classics selection ($595~$1K) on the right wall, and more of their seasonal selections at the very front display and further into the back. Head all the way to the end and make a left, for the newly added Mens shoes!The service here is great and everyone is attentive and helpful. If you can't find your size, they'll be happy to check the other boutiques for you! Worth a visit!
5	This is a brand new boutique, small but amazing! The staff was so friendly... I tried on my 3 top picks and walked around in each many times before making my decision! I recommend the CL Boutiques- the high-end department stores were worthless and a huge waste of time!
5	I love Loubie, I picked up a new pair of heels and a great new bag this trip to Vegas, the staff is friendly unlike on the east coast where they seem to eye you up to see if it's worth the time to wait on u.  The staff at the Vegas store are wonderful and very helpful, anytime I order Loubie I go thru someone at the Vegas store.
4	Any shoe lover needs to visit this store.  Every pair is worth a look (even if its just that) because each is really beautifully designed and crafted.They carry a wide variety of styles in Debit Card, Platinum card, and Small Personal Loan price points.  :)  Men's line, too!I can really spend a whole day here, easily.
4	Yes, I'm a fruu-fruu girl that loves overpriced designer goods.  So you know that I loves me my Louboutins!  My only sadness is that I was with my girlfriends instead of my mom.  Don't get me wrong, shopping with the girls was way more fun...but when one shops with mom...one doesn't need to look at price tags.  Heh.  Yes, I'm a brat.Super cute store, well laid out with an awesome selection - especially their classics and tried and trues.Heart!
5	bought 2 pairs of gorgeous louboutins here!the staff was super helpful and not snobby at all.it's a smaller boutique here at the palazzo than caesars but also more intimate and helpful service!hope to return soon!
4	I came here looking for my Louboutins, but they didn't have the shoe in my size. The staff was super nice and helpful. I don't remember her name, but I was in the store for a while and she bought out 8 different pairs of Louboutins for me to try on. She even look up the other store nearby, hoping they might have them... This boutique in Caesar Forum Shops is smaller than the one in the Grand Canal Shoppe that connected to Venetian and Palazzo, but the service is awesome. I hope to return soon and hopefully they have my Louboutins in my size.
1	Here's the thing.  I own these shoes.  Love the designer, HATED employees here.  We were on our way to the gym so yes I wasn't all dolled up, but they treated us like we had NO business to be in there.Makes me want to not own these shoes anymore if this is how the staff will treat people.  HELLOOOOOO you are in the Forum not on Rodeo Drive, if you are judging your customers as soon as they walk through the door you will lose a lot of business.
1	I agree with other reviews...the shoes are great, this store (at the Forum) is HORRIBLE.  The employees were so incredibly rude. On my last trip to Vegas I was looking forward to visiting this store and buying my first pair of Loubies.  I had seen a particular style on the web that I liked, but couldn't remember the style name so I tried to describe what they looked like to the sales lady.  She looked at me with annoyance and huffed "well if you don't know the style name, I can't help you"  Um, what?  What are you there for?You don't know your merchandise?? You can't look on your computer or through style guide to find what I'm talking about? Black patent peep-toe mary-janes...it shouldn't be that hard.  I was appalled at her rudeness! If I'm going to spend $900+ on a pair of shoes, shouldn't I be treated with some level of friendliness and service?  So, disappinted, I decided to try on another pair.  I asked for my size, she went back and got the shoes, threw the box at me and walked away.  Um, isn't she supposed to be helping me? The store wasn't even all that crowded  It was ridiculous.  Honestly I felt like this store was more like a tourist trap...like a souvenier store at Disney or something, where the cattle come in to buy their trinkets.  I was so very disappointed since I was really looking forward to getting a pair, but NO WAY would I ever buy from these people.  If you want a luxurious shoe shopping experience, go to a true high-class store like Dior or Gucci where they served us champagne and did backflips in customer service to get the shoes I liked in my size (they had them sent in from another store, same-day (within 2 hours, no charge!)  The CL store is awful...you'll get better customer service at Payless.
1	This store automatically gets only one star because the worst sales associate I have ever come across has transferred from the CL store at the Palazzo to this one.  I don't know her name but she's a tall, older lady with short dark hair and a European accent who has a scowl on her face at all times.  She's not knowledgeable, helpful, or friendly at all and makes me feel extremely uncomfortable.  Who wants to get the death stare while they are shopping or even shopping at ANOTHER store right across the way (which she has done to me!)?The other sales associates aren't much better either.  There is definitely an air of snootiness in the store.  It's just really sad that since so many people are willing to spend big bucks on these shoes that these SA's don't even have to try or even pretend to be nice and helpful.  There is one woman whom I considered to be on the nicer side but I changed my mind after hearing an ignorant comment that she had made.  She suggested that my shopping companion (who is the only reason I step foot into the CL boutiques) buy a red pair of the shoes she was trying on because "red is big in our culture."  My shopping companion saw it as harmless enough and as not knowing any better and was able to laugh it off.  For me, it was just icing on the cake.  Really? The nicest people seem to be the security guys.  I can at least expect a nice, proper greeting upon both arrival and exit from those guys.  This one star is for their security team!  :p  Such a shame.  You can expect at least decent customer service from every other high end store besides CL :/
4	Every time I visit Vegas I walk into this particular store looking for a size 36 in a nude Decollete 554 100mm.  I only buy if they have my size.  Well, lucky me they just got in a shipment of their classics and had all kinds of sizes!  I can understand how this store may disappoint a few because of their lack of sizes, but any store I've been to that sells Louboutins are ALWAYS out of a size.  Yes, his shoes sell FAST.  So, I snatched up my pair and walked away like I won a couple hundred at blackjack.  It was a good weekend.  The lady there was also very helpful and friendly - not the pretentious sort that you may find in other places.
5	Compared to the palazzo, this (Caesars) store is much bigger in terms of their display cases so my gf got to try on and see what's in season.
3	Of course christian louboutin shoes are super sexy and gorgeous!  Sales lady was knowledgeable but customer service skills of sales staff certainly needs improvement.Sadly despite poor customer service skills gals will continue to shop here because they want a pair of Louboutin's.  I'd rate shoes as 5 stars but customer service here is only 3 stars.
1	After reading the reviews I didn't think it would be true for those who rated the store a 1 store. If I could I would rate them a ZERO.  I went in there with my husband and family hoping ill be able to purchase my very first pair of LB. waited around to be helped and having someone help you was impossible. I shouldn't have to ask two or three associate if they could help me get the size I need. They are just rude stuck up and snotty.  To be a high end boutique this is the worst service I have ever had. I walked out with nothing because to come to think of it why would I want to spend my money there. Management should really think about training their staff on customer service. If they don't like their job much this isn't the industry for them.
1	Ok so I came here about a month ago looking to buy a pair of louboutins (and I did). Came in.. The store had quite a few people in it but not so busy because most were only looking at the shoes. I helped myself and looked around. I figured after 10 minutes someone would have helped me out and asked if I needed anything. Nope. I stood by the register in hopes the girl looking at the computer screen would help me out. Almost 45 seconds later she asks, "can I help you?" All rude and shit. "YEAH, can I get a size in these?" She brought them out and gave me one to try on at first. I thought she would ask if I wanted to try the other one on after wearing only ONE of them for almost 2 minutes. Nope. She just stared at me. I was super irritated so I just glared back at her and said "ring me up" and she did. Yeah bitch $1400 in your fuckin face. I have nothing against employees nor do I think I'm better than anyone but fuck! You only work there! And to be honest I might be young but I was definitely classier looking than her louboutin workin ass. Christian Louboutin at Caesars = $1000 shoes with workers that must be getting paid $1. And the next day I went to a smaller boutique called "Shoe In" at the Wynn where I comfortably and happily purchased another pair. The employee there was awesome and even offered me water and to help me put on my shoes.
1	It's unfortunate that this store would turn business down. Before I even got to step foot in the store I was told to leave by security because I had a drink. When i asked if there is some where I could put the drink down he said "you" can take it outside.  Most designer store would offer a  place to put it down or hold it for you because of the fact that you are about to spend a couple thousand dollars Well the couple thousand dollars in sales this store would have had is now lost.  This security guard acted like a club bouncer! Not some one you want when dealing with wealthy customers. Took my business to the palazzo location far better customer service
1	While my boyfriend and I were in Vegas I was on a mission to buy some pigalle 120s. The first stop we went to was this CL store at the Forum Shops at Caesars. The first time we came in the sales associate was very friendly and very helpful when helping me figure out which size to get in the pigalle 120s. Unfortunately, they didn't have my size in the 120s but she did offer to give me a business card and told me to call and check stock every so often.After thinking about it for awhile I decided I would maybe try the pigalle 100s so we headed into the shop again at the forum shops. When we walked in it was completely different associates than I saw the first time I went it. First of all, let me say that the ladies that work there don't even look like they work there. I was admiring the pigalle 100s for like a good 10 mins when someone FINALLY asked me for help. I asked her for my size and she went back to look but she didn't even come back to tell me. So I asked another associate if the had the sizes and she came back and told me they didn't. They are very snobby there and will only help you if you look like you have money. The girl next to me had a salvatore ferragamo shopping bag and they were helping her like no other. I wanted to try one more size to see how it felt and I asked the lady and she said the smallest size they had was a 35, but i was asking for a 36... that made absolutely no sense. If the smallest size you have is a 35 wouldn't you have other sizes as well??? The first associate that helped me as very helpful and I hope whoever goes in there is fortunate enough to get her, but as far as customer service the second time I went there it was HORRIBLE! They are very snobby, rude, not knowledgeable, and look unprofessional!!!!!
1	If it were possible to give this store ZERO STARS I would. By far the worst boutique I've ever been to, anywhere. There were only two sales associates working when I went in, and there was nobody in the store except one guy who was looking at a laptop case. Both sales associates were hounding the guy trying to get him to buy while I walked right past them unnoticed (since mens is all the way in the back). I probably stood there waiting for an associate for almost 10 minutes to try a size on but no help what so ever. I walked from the back to the front and then to the back just as a test to see if they had even noticed me. I was greeted by both security guards, but neither associate who were still trying to sell to the one other person in the store.I think they just judge the people who actually have the nerve to walk into their glorious store by what they wear and assume who is just looking and who is not. Even though I was wearing just a plain t-shirt, camo cargo shorts, and gym shoes I was ready to buy multiple pairs of shoes for myself and my Fiance. But since I couldn't get any help they lost my business. The worst part about it is this happened on two separate days on my three day stay in Vegas. I wanted to give this place another chance but same outcome both times.If you want to experience a Christian Louboutin boutique the way it should be with high end customer service to go along with their high end shoes, go to the Palazzo just a little bit farther down Las Vegas Blvd. You won't regret it. The employees at this store need to all be fired or re-trained in customer service. With all this being said, I ended up buying my shoes at Palazzo.
5	Smaller boutique than Ceasars but better selection and chances are they'll have your size. Purchased two pairs from this really sweet Asian girl not pushy at all.
1	If I could give this store no stars I would. This was one of the worst customer experiences I have ever had; and not once but twice.  Sales associates couldn't even be bothered to help.  I think I picked up every shoe in the place, with a sales associate watching and couldn't even be bothered to assist.  Being in the retail industry, I figured maybe a shift change would be better, but fool me once, shame on you; fool me twice, shame on you.Luckily after a google search, I discovered another Louboutin store in the Palazzo just a short distance away.  Went there and talk about service with a smile.  Greeted as soon as you walk in, he grabbed as many sizes and styles as I wanted and ended up leaving with a nice pair from their fall collection.  Even though the Palazzo is smaller, the selection is better, the sizing is better and most importantly they treat you like they want your business and are grateful for your business.Avoid the one in the Forum shops at all cost!
4	I had no problems coming to this store for my Loubies...I knew it was time to get a pair of CL so I decided to get one while I was shopping in the Forum. I just waltzed in and the bouncer and SA were nothing but courteous.I looked around and while I was looking at the different shoes, the SA had no problem answering different questions and getting the shoes that I wanted to try. I hate when SA's hover around you while you're trying on shoes so I appreciated the fact that she gave me a minute to try them on while she walked away not too far off. I couldn't decide on either the Lady Peeps in black patent or the Palais Royal and the SA talked me into getting the Lady Peeps which I think was the better choice.I gave them minus one star because it is a smaller store compared to others I've seen and couldn't find certain shoes on display that I've seen in others. But, I do think it was nice that they didn't judge me by the way I was dressed bc I waltzed in shorts and a tee. Regardless of how I looked, they still was able to give me good service!
1	This is a review based on the customer service, not the quality of the shoes.  I purchased a pair and the woman who helped me offered to ship to my home address.  This accomplished two things: not losing/ruining them while out partying in Vegas and I wouldn't have to pay taxes.   If this is where the story ended, I would be much happier even though the service while purchasing the shoes wasn't great.  When I arrived home a couple of days later, I was fully expecting the shoes to be at my home.  Turns out, they never even shipped them.  I contacted the store right away, I had to wait to talk to a manager, blah blah blah.  I was offered no apology, and clearly they didn't really give a shit about their mistake.   It ended up taking them another 2-3 days to figure out what happened (not sure what there is to figure out) and then another few days to receive them.   Incompetent and irresponsible staff that have no regard for their customers or shoes. If I am paying $$$$ for your shoes, the LEAST you could do is learn how to successfully send a UPS package, it's not rocket science.
4	This store has more of a variety than the one at the palazzo. Four stars for always having my size! Service isn't the best cause the shoes sell itself so honestly they just stare you down like are you really gonna purchase these or are you just window shopping? They should smile more.
5	This review is based off my experience with the awesome sales associate M. CAROL.  SHE IS BEYOND AWESOME!!!  I had gone to the CL store in South Coast Plaza (Orange County, CA) and they did not have my size in Lady Peeps.  The SA at South Coast stated that the CL at the Forum Shop in Las Vegas had my size.  I filed out the paperwork with my billing and card information and it was faxed to the LV store.  There was an issue with the paperwork and I kept in contact with SA Carol from the Vegas store via email.  Carol was so patient and set aside my shoes until she received the correct paperwork a few days later.  She was always very courteous and friendly on the phone, and responded to emails quickly.  I received my Lady Peeps 2 days later. Carol you are the best!!!
4	I've been to the Christian Louboutin store in South Coast Plaza in Orange County and found their service to be not quite pleasant. For a Vegas location, the service was nice!Sometimes, in high end stores, the customer can feel a bit intimidated. I did not feel this way here. The two sales lady who helped me gave me their opinion about the shoes, and how they fit on my feet. At $895, the shoe that I was drooling after did not fit very well. I guess it was not meant to be. The one lady explain that material really makes a difference. The one leather I tried on will stretch, but the way my feet were, that particular style was not a fit for me.At least I can say I found my size, but not the right fit... yet.
1	Worst customer service EVER. I didn't know who worked there because no one greeted me or payed me any mind. A lady was within feet of me and I'm looking at shoes no help no no
1	Just left the store without the two pairs of shoes I was purchasing.Customer service was horrible not to mention that the shoes associate was pushy and unhelpful. I told her that her security had been very rude. Instead of comforting me and saying " sorry we will take care of that" she stated that the security could do what he needed to?????? Sorry Christian Louboutin I rather take my business else where. Note: the Christian Louboutin at Palazzo has better selection and customer service is great.
4	I don't need to be a woman wearing these shoes, even looking at them screams money.  But more importantly, than money, is flash.  Or flashy.  You get the picture.And being located in the Forum Shops is the right clientele for sure.
2	I have a tendency to call in stores to check if they have sizes but don't expect to have anyone pick up your calls at either stores in Vegas (all other Christian Louboutin stores have picked up my calls but I tried calling these stores for days) also expect them to have a full inbox so you cannot leave a message. Customer service is usually slow in stores and it's usually hard finding specific sizes in specific shoes but they can check nation wide on the computer and add you on a waitlist if anything, but prepare to wait months
1	If I could give them no stars, I would. Customer service was horrible....but as soon as a group of Caucasian women came in, service flocked to them. So what if I'm young and black and my hubs has a fat Tuesday mug? I'm a doctor and he's a lawyer!! Way to lose out on me dropping some $$, assholes.
1	THE WORST, I mean THE WORST customer service ever.  Before I left I had to tell her thanks for a very ungrateful service.  People like you (older lady that dyes their hair black) should walk to Fat Tuesday and RELAX!Update went to the PALAZZO.  I got my shoes!!!sucks for the that lady who tried to make a sale and was so rude and thought we were there wasting her time.
4	My husband and I went for our anniversary. We were the only ones in the store and the manager didn't acknowledge us. Clearly she didn't think we were worth her time. The assistant, Oksana, was a total sweetheart and helped me pick out my pair. What's worse is the manager still continued to ignore my husband and I while paying for these shoes. This is unacceptable service and I'm only giving this location higher than 1 star because of Oksana.
1	This store needs to lose the smug suited undertaker standing at the front door.  This guy obviously hates his job and seems to wish he was guarding a celebrity instead of designer shoes. I commented about the beautiful chandeliers.He barely changed his poker face. I replied back and I tried to be sympathetic by saying I am sure people say that all day. Needless to say it was his disdain for my presence that I decided not to bother looking at any shoes because first impressions are the lasting. I am glad that I left because after reading many reviews of this location the staff leaves little to be desired. Considering that your in Las Vegas someone could have become nouveau riche while on vacation I think they should treat everyone the same.
