2	Ugh....I went in humming "I want my babyback, babyback, babyback" and left wanting to give the babyback, babyback babyback.I'd never had the ribs before and since I had a 3 hour layover and a 4 hour flight I thought it was a good time to try a larger meal. Turns out it was a large meal of nothing. The "steak" fries were the best part and they were just tolerable. Cut like McDonald's fries, I was left wondering what made them "steak" fries... a little seasoning? A least they were cooked correctly. Not the crunchy outside, vacuuous inside alien food you get at a lot of places.The corn on the cob was actually gross. It had been cooked so long ago all the starch had turned to sugar. It tasted like cream of corn... too sweet, artificial sweet. It was also so water logged that water literally poured with each bite. It should be served in the middle of a kiddie pool with a headrest so you don't drown when you fall asleep from boredom. I couldn't take more than a few bites. The Bar-B-Que sauce was extremely vinegary... pucker vinegary... and I like vinegar! It left little room for any flavor. Unfortunately, it appears the sauce and the ribs had only just met as the ribs had no flavor... none. This provided for some sharp flavor contrasts that were none too appealing. The meat wasn't quite tough.. but not falling apart either.... and they were well done. So well done that the fat and any natural flavor had left them long ago. The service and management were very good. Seating was crowded for a normal restaurant and unbearable in a restaurant where everyone has luggage.... the physical kind... not the mental kind. That's another story. If you're traveling through Charlotte my advice is to let your mom pack your meals in your carry on like she wants to and mortgage the house so you can buy a soda or two once past security.
2	This Chili's Too! sure beats the one in the DFW airport (though that is not saying much).  It is bigger, and they have much more variety on their menu.  The one drawback--with the size of the restaurant, it is easy to get forgotten.I went with the fajitas, which were okay for airport food.  This Chili's Too! also features cute waitresses with great Southern accents.
4	I often have layovers of 1.5 hours or more in Charlotte, so I stopped here the other day.  I didn't go for the food; rather, after US Airways's maintenace issues caused me to miss my connecting flight, I stopped here for the chain's signature El Presidente Margarita before shuttling to my assigned hotel.  The Margarita was delicious.  It tasted just like one I would order in a normal Chili's restaurant.  However, when I order in a normal Chili's, the price is 6 bucks and some change.  I paid over $10 for the same drink here.  But dammit, it was a GOOD drink.
3	The menu seems smaller and a little pricier than regular Chili's restaurants. Then again, this one is in an airport so I guess higher prices are expected. The food is OK. You would probably get more bang for your buck here than some of the other places. The service was a little slow though, especially when people have planes to catch. I felt bad for flagging someone down to get our check but we had been sitting for well over an hour before getting our check. Luckily our gate was nearby so we could book it to catch our flight if we had to. We also met an interesting guy sitting next to us here. I think if servers keep in  mind that most people are waiting for flights this would make people much happier.
2	To say this was a let down is an understatement. Like many others I was stuck in CLT for a few hours on a layover. It's a good thing too, because service was anything but quick or timely. If your in any sort of a hurry, move on.I came in for breakfast hoping to get something better than the fast food selections scattered threw the airport. The food is overpriced, as comes with the territory, but I would have liked a bit bigger portions. I found myself hungry again within an hour. I'd recommend finding another eatery, but if you do stop here avoid the fruit flavored teas (especially the mango).
4	Good service and convenient location!  I hit the chili bowl and salad and spent way under $10, I think it was like $7.60 which you know is almost impossible in an airport setting!
3	i have hung out here several times and had dinner while waiting for flights...the food is better than most you find in airport restaraunts, and the drinks are good.  the best part though is if you sit out in the "patio" area that faces all the people traffic...the visual entertainment is well worth any issue you'll have with the food.
3	Very average.  Not a lot of other good choices in the airport.
3	Don't go here if you are in a hurry to catch your flight.They are slow on the service side.Not unusally slow but still slow enough that you might risk missing a plane.It is convenient as it sits in the main terminal area as you eneter the B Concourse.They have all the favoroites you would expect from any other Chili's.We had the bonless wings as a starter. They are covered with their house sauce. It's just average and more hot than flavorful.We also had the grilled chicken sandwich that was quite tasty and filling.I wish they have an area where you could store your bags...after all this is an airport.You must negotiate your way around everyone's bags who are sitting on the floor while patrons dine.If you are hungary and in a hurry there are many more fast good options such as California Pizza Kitchen in Terminal B.
2	Above average airport food with a nice place to sit
1	I sat down around 10:30 this morning and planned to hang for a couple hours before my flight.  The host sat me and I began waiting.  Meanwhile, another person was sat at the next table a minute or two later.  Before he could get settled in, a server descended upon him faster than a speeding bullet to take his order.I sat, made eye contact with like 4 or 5 servers and was ignored.  Nobody even offered to take a drink order until my server came over.  The place was mostly empty, only a third of the tables were occupied.  I kept getting ignored.I left after several minutes and went elsewhere.  Just terrible.
3	How do you review an airport restaurant, and a QSR chain like Chili to boot?  Well this will be short.  I ordered one of their chicken dishes, but got the wrong one - must be my soft-speaking voice!  Their choices seem more limited than a regular Chili's, but then I'm not exactly an authority on that.  Sam on tap tends to smooth things over a bit - so, yeah, higher prices, noisy airport concourse, frazzled guests and wait staff.  Could have been better?  I don't quite see how.
2	Food OK... poor service... margaritas are much smaller than they are in locations outside of airport
1	Ouch, this is about the worst eats I've had in a while. Biscuits and Gravy = Dried puck and lukewarm gravy. Egg over easy = One overcooked rubbery egg. It's a chew toy!Service = slooooooooowCoffee = The secret flavor must be using half filled ashtrays to make coffee.Damn, I never thought it could ever get this bad, anywhere.
1	It doesn't get much worse then this. Like most others have posted you can't get food at this place. It would have been quicker for me to get on my flight and fly back to Boston and use that chili's. The staff is rude and nasty especially the one named Britney . All that didn't even compare to how bad the host was. The line to sit down was out of control .once you finally get a seat she slams the menu down in front of you like she is disgusted you are eating there. I Left before I got food but judging by the food the people had next to me the chef is a joke as well.
4	Yes, I'm going to give it a 4 -- why? Bc it's a Chili's at the airport. Sometimes, all you want is just a chicken sandwich without going entirely to the fast food side. And that's something I can consistently count on whenever I fly into the Charlotte airport. And that, for this review, is enough.
2	Layover of two hours so our family chose Chili's Too for a quick lunch. Menu is abbreviated and prices are elevated. Service is less than friendly and slooowwww.We ordered basics (burgers, chicken sandwich, kids meal). Our son (age 6) thought he saw something 'yucky' in his kids meal halfway through eating and it made him sick and he threw up a couple of bites of food on the floor...nothing horrendous but chewed up food...standard stuff to any parent. I informed the waitress and she said that she 'wasn't allowed to touch it' and would get the manager. The manager arrived ten minutes later and had a look of compete disgust on her face. She placed some plastic gloves on the table along with a takeout box and a few paper towels and asked us to clean it up and place the paper towels in the box!! Seriously?! I asked if there was a mop or anything and she shook her head and walked off! I refused to clean it up. I'm a nurse and wouldn't expect a patient to clean up his own vomit...it's part of my job! Clean up is part of the job of any establishment! If the guy at the bar spilled his beer, would they ask him to clean it up?! My kind husband wiped most of it up and placed it in the box and we left...no tip, no positive thoughts on the Chili's Too! We fly frequently through Charlotte and will not be eating here again!
2	Service was decent. Waitress was miserable but attentive. The food was pretty bad though. I ordered a regular cheese burger which came out super fast. I would say not having a long wait was a good thing if I didn't believe they microwaved my burger upong request. Definitely not up to par with chili's which isn't that good in the first place.
3	Reviewers:If you go to a chain restaurant in an airport and expect it to be exactly like the rest of the chain you've already lost the game.
