4	Ckinda small so when its packed, theres not much room. Good rock musick. Great specials everyday. 5 dollar pitchers b hittn!
5	By far the best bar specials in Pittsburgh. 99 cent Coors light bottles all day on Sunday,  99 cent yuenglings all day on Tuesday just to name a few. Great service and decent TVs to watch sporting events.
5	Great daily specials awesome staff
4	Kind of hit or miss. It can be a great place to belly up to the bar for cheap drinks and to catch a game. Or it can be rather ghetto. Usually the first one though!
3	There are so many bars to choose from when drinking on the South Side. 1311 has a pleasant, welcoming decor as well as fantastic big screens. My roommate and I had a great time going to watch a Pens game. It does get pretty full, but since I prefer to hit the bars earlier in the evening, it is less of a problem for me. Plus, I love the sign in their door saying that they think "smoking is sexy"
4	Most likely one of the best places in Pittsburgh if you like an extremely large vodka mixer. When we visited, they offered $5 pitchers of Smirnoff mixers that my girlfriend was happy to sample. In addition to serving it in a pitcher, they offer an enormous straw for those who are enjoying it as a personal drink.For the beer lover, they have a selection of 6 beers on tap. However, their extensive selection of microbrews is one of the best in town. You can get just about any type of beer you want from any area of the country from their selection.This is a smoking establishment that has one long bar that runs the length of the business. It is a metal top bar. In the area opposite the bar, the business has mirrors to build the illusion of a larger place (in my opinion it works).They didn't have any food during our visit in the afternoon, but they appear to have the capability for fried foods, pizza and other bar foods available for anyone with an appetite when they have the friers on.
5	I don't think I ever came here without the sole intention of getting a buzz. Great specials, tv's, jukebox is always playing great jams. Gets a little crowded on the weekends, but hey, you already know that if you're crawling E. Carson on a Friday or Saturday night.
3	thirsty thursdays= $1 Miller Lights! they have great specials every day though.
3	Friendly staff and good weekday specials but this place is seriously as wide as most hallways. There are mirrors everywhere to make it seem bigger but all it does is make it so you can't avoid staring at yourself...which makes for an odd atmosphere.
