3	Went to this grocery store in my neighborhood. It's the only Smith's around my side of Summerlin.  The Good & the Bad & Ugly:  get greeted by the same elderly folk and walk behind them going in while they sample the new yogurt place strategically placed to welcome customers but  create chronic congestion for any mom going in to pick up dinner that they gotta cook for their kids in the next 30 minutes.  Add to that u gotta follow the old folks in respect coz ur right next to Sun City Summerlin AND I have the UTMOST respect for my elders.  I realize then this Smith's caters to it's primary customer base & every other soul on this planet has to wait behind them.  That said, I appreciate it, but while you're nestled in Summerlin, realize that there are alot of homes with parents with kids under the age of, i don't know, SAY 69!!!,That they are trying their level best to get carts & do their evening shopping.  Meanwhile the senior citizen fan base u cater to is clogging up the entry getting yogurt and pre-empting the rest of us who just want to utilize Smiths for being a "food and drug" for which their named & just pay and get the heck out.  Solution:  Keep the yogurt stand coz it's a great meeting place for our treasured seniors, but PLEASE move it out of the FRONT DOOR!I would have been almost done here, except for the layout of the store.  I spend more time looking befuddled for an aisle than i actually do shopping. Whoa there's a thought, if it weren't such a senior citizen's supermarket, I almost would have thought it would be a great place for singles to gather.  think about it, guys, imagIne have a disproportionate number of females standing idle, like a deer in headlights, looking lost, waiting for their white prince to come in & either talk with them or direct them to the soy foods aisle.  Hmm, something to think about, now back to my reality.  All you have to do is look one time down the wrong aisle and see that the nacho dorito chips are right next to the organic and vegetarian aisle which is right by the frozen pizza.  What a quagmire for the poor vegetarian wannabe.  He/she is doomed.  Last stop, the pharmacy.  Now I was already used to Von's outrageous grocery & costs for prescriptions.  It always came down to, "ok, Lori, do you want to eat (FOOD)? or do you want to live (RX)? based on their prices.  What i've learned from this Smiths and i'm sure they are all different is that when they see someone coming who's absent a walker, cane or 0xygen tank, i always hear your "Rx isn't ready, but come back tomorrow." & it will be (secretly saying, please don't say "Maam or i'll FIND AN OXYGEN TANK SINCE YOU'VE DECLARED ME AN OLDIE"  LOL.  It was all said with the utmost respect the end result is the same.  Be your own judge. I'd love to hear your better experiences, Yelpers!P.S.  As for the prices at Smiths, they beat Von's hands down on everything from meat to petfood and consummable paper products.  I think Von's consistently offers better, more ripe produce but a gallon of milk at Smiths is only $1.89!  Wow sure beats the 4 bucks we were paying not long ago.
4	I shop at this grocery store at least twice a week since it's on my way home from the gym.  Unlike other reviewers, I haven't had any issues at all with elderly people or how the store manages elderly people.My experience has been mostly good.  There are the occasional hiccups, but there's no such thing as a perfect store.  I like the deli meats and cheese selections at this store.Most of the items I shop for are conveniently located near the entrance, which allows me to get in/out quickly.They offer several self-checkout registers, which is very convenient as well.A few downsides are the age of the store....it's old by Vegas standards....and the size.  I wish the store was a bit larger so that I could have more items to choose from.Other than that, the fresh meat/dairy/vegetables/bread quality is always very good, so I give this place 4 stars.  It's much better than the Albertson's that's around the corner from my house.
3	Came here for a quick run down for some gummy bears. They sell 5lbs of gummy bears for $7. I had no other intention of buying anything else here besides gummy bears. I can tell you though that it's just like a normal local grocery store. We don't have a Smiths in the Bay Area, but it's similar to a Lucky's or Safeway. I'm sure you can get just about any thing grocery-wise here, from snacks to meals, even a small section of books, produce ETC. You get the point. But because this is a long ways from my sisters area, we almost never come here, so it wouldn't be fair to rate them with their customer service and conveniency of finding things. All in all it gets an average rating from me.
1	This chain has poor customer service all around. I do not shop at any of these Smith's stores. This store in particular has rude and arrogant management staff, and poor customer service. They expect your business, not appreciate it. Especially the liquor manager Jill.
3	As Las Vegas supermarkets go, Smith's is my favorite.  But that's a qualified rave, because no supermarket here can compete with the bounty back home, in New Jersey.Before moving here, I had visions of sugarplums dancing in my head:  gorgeous produce, since it's close to California, great bread, since it's close to California, and interesting or funky products that would never see the light of day on the East Coast.  Instead, the opposite prevails.  The supermarkets all look good, but it's all smoke and mirrors.Smith's Deli looks good, but the prices of cold cuts are outrageous.  The produce is artfully arranged, but we seem to get all of Cali's rejects - all those tiny apples and avocados that would never make it into a Californian's shopping cart.And the proof is in the paper - newspaper, that is.  Only the LVRJ has a column where readers beg to find the products they love from their hometowns. The reality is that Smith's, like all the other markets in Vegas, are woefully lacking in their stock. A recent visit back to NJ confirmed this.  My local ShopRite, which can't even hold a candle to the revered Wegman's, made me swoon with envy.My three stars for Smith's is a relative score - it's the best of a sorry lot.
5	LOVE this location! HUGE,good selection, FRESH produce! I love the Kosher Connection and the fact that they sell the NY Post! A lot of older people shop here so you have to be alert in the parking lot.Get the Smith's card, it helps make it much more affordable!
5	Compared to Vons, their prices are lower and their selection is much larger.  I will not shop at Alberton's, I used to work there and I felt they weren't reputable.  Robert in the Meat/Seafood department is the best.  He will tell you what is on sale, and he also helps you find new meats/seafood that you might like.  Robert also remembers our names every time we come in.  I used to be a butcher, and I like specific cuts of meat.  Robert will go out of his way to get me what I want every time I ask for it.  The checkers are all friendly and helpful.  When we get to the checkstand and tell them that we couldn't find something, they have the bagger run and get it for us.  I personally beleive this is the best grocery store in summerlin.
4	I try my best to stay away from the "Del Webb" side of Lake Mead, but there are a few places that pull you in. The area nearby this Smith's is an age-restricted neighborhood so you will find mostly older people shopping here. There is a reason that this location has won in the Best of Las Vegas more then once. The deli and bakery are what brings me to this Smith's. I do a majority of my grocery shopping at a nearby Von's as well a store in the NW part of town, but when it comes to bread, cheese, and sandwich fixings, I know this is the go-to place without having to drive far. The "Kosher Experience" is worth a trip here alone. I'm addicted to the challah rolls! If you are looking to get fresh bread from the kosher area then arrive early because it goes fast. In the bakery they have some really yummy breads. I decorate my own cakes so I haven't tried any of the cakes or cupcakes, but the breads are why I love this bakery. They have a nice selection and the employees are so nice about slicing your bead loaves for you, or double bagging your bread if you plan to freeze it. They have a "Jalapeno Cheese Bread" that is so tasty. Also, they have old fashioned butter pound cake!The deli offers Boar's Head meats. The "Maple Honey Ham" is my favorite! Hubby likes the "Top Round Pastrami" and it smells and tastes so good. While you are waiting at the deli for your order, take a look behind you at the variety of cheese they have to offer. I just want to grab a loaf of bread and sit there and sample it all! If you shop at Smith's without a *Fresh Values Rewards Card* you could be missing out on some good deals. I have had mine hooked to my phone number for years so I don't have to look ridiculous with cards hooked to my key chain and can just enter it at the check out. With the rewards program not only can you save on weekly specials, but you can get discounts towards gas and prescriptions too.
4	Largest kosher selection Ive ever seen! Its Jewish heaven!This Smith's offers products other Smith's do not offer such as fresh fruit packaged at their deli, and Jewish stuff you may need, as well as Himalayan pink salt, and others.Its your typical Smith's store layout, the customer service here is spotty though. The self check out has this one lady who is an old hag, but whatevs.The store is very clean and used to have a Golden Spoon, but they have since cleared it out. The store itself is not all crazy busy, but always clean. What I would def do is be careful with the juice case in the back by the veggies bc it is sometimes warm and also the cheese area. I like the deli here, its big and spacious and always has enough workers. Get a Smith's card so you can have mucho savings!
4	I can eat Boar's Head lunch meat everyday. Good thing I can get it here at Smith's. I love a good sandwich and you can get everything you need to make as good of a sandwich here as paying to eat one out. The bakery and deli here are the main reason I come here. I do find deals from time to time using the fresh values card but I spend most of my time in the bakery and deli.Yesterday I picked up some Boar's Head pastrami, honey ham, honey turkey and some Boar's Head swiss and provolone cheeses. The line can be long at times but I just grabbed a number and it moved along smoothly. They have some people working in the deli that really care about the customers and make sure your lunch meat/cheese is sliced to your preference. Unfortunately there are also a couple younger workers who prefer laughing and talking with each other and I have had to (seen other customers ask too) ask them to re-slice my meat because it was not even consistent let alone what I asked for. This can be frustrating! If I see one of the good deli workers I request them. There is a large kosher section near the deli that has my favorite hot dogs. They are like $7 a package but worth it. I haven't tried anything else from this area (my wife loves the challah bread) but if you like eating kosher this is the section for you.After visiting the deli I stopped off at the bakery to pick out some sweet treats and bread for the bomb diggity sandwiches my wife would eventually make for dinner. The fresh bakery rolls were 3 for $1 so I just picked out an assortment of 6. Next to the bread, the pastries were calling out to me so I bagged up a couple of those.I stopped over in the produce department to grab some veggies for the sandwiches and found slim pickings. The avocados were overpriced and not ripe and most of the fresh cut fruit looked sad. I did find a decent looking onion and settled for a package of fresh cut watermelon that looked good and fresh. This department is usually hit or miss. Sometimes there is a dude outside roasting chilies. If you are lucky enough to catch him...get some...they are gooooood! They have lots of check out lanes here and plenty of self-service check outs too.
4	This is the best supermarket in Summerlin. Best overall quality of products and prices at that. The Kosher experience side is definitely a bonus being able to find products from Israel at the local grocery store.
4	Out of the 3 large grocery stores to my house (Albertsons, Vons and Smiths) this one is my favorite. The prices are generally lower than the others, the store is clean, and it's rare that I don't find what I need. Staff is friendly, and generally available. The only downside to the store is it's right next to Sun City, and there are lot of frightening drivers in the parking lot.
5	This store is worth going out of your way for!! It gets very busy and hard to park!! But so worth the time. They have an amazing kosher section. I'm vegetarian and the freezer kosher is loaded with CLEAN vegan and vegetarian foods. Their produce is fresh and they have a great gas discount card. You shop and earn gas rewards!!!!!! It really pages off.. I love this store :) and their employees too. Store is fresh!!! And always clean
5	Great selection, fresh produce, and beautiful floral arrangements. This store is a little out of the way, but entirely worth it.
3	A decent placeFor the first few years living here in Las Vegas I was a Albersons fella. I honestly didn't know what smiths was. One day flying home I thought I'd give it a shot, and well I wasn't disappointed.Smiths is great, the quality of food in the fresh produce section is leaps and bounds over Albersons. They have a better selection I believe of meats and seafood with a great organic foods section.Where I believe this smiths shines is the pre made and sushi section. I've never been one for pre made dinners, but the selection and quality ain't to bad. The eggplant dishes they have are my recommendation. Also incorporating a massive kosher section. I'm not really into Kosher foods, but if that's your thing this is the place for you.While Smiths might be a little from expensive, the range and quality is far above some of the other places in town.
4	Oh Smiths, why can't I quit you? Oh yea because Von's was designed by a mental patient.Writing this review is somewhat difficult- I must separate the Smiths itself- the staff, the store, the products- from all the insanity that comes with shopping here-i.e. rude old people. Honestly, I usually leave this store angry- angry from getting carts rammed into me, parking spot drama, from taking 3 hours to buy some chips.... It can be crushing. You may think this is an exaggeration, but check the other reviews- its a war zone out there. Here are some highlights of the store1. Bakery- they make amazing cakes. I had a piece of one at work and it was good enough that I asked around to find out where it was from. There are two things in life I take seriously: cake and yelp. 2. Phone App- I usually check this out right before I go and you can add coupons to your swipe card instead of having to cut them out or something. I don't think I have ever used a coupon anywhere else in my entire life but this is so easy and saves me 10-20 dollars per visit which I then reinvest in point 1. 3. Kosher meats- this section usually has a lot of higher quality cuts of meat, a bit more spendy but you get what you pay for. 4. Lots of check out lanes- including self check out, which I normally would never use (bagging groceries is a job for the unwashed masses) but often use here just because it is faster than waiting for the AARP members ahead of you in line to write a check for 1.63$. Although yesterday when I was here the person in front of me at self checkout was paying for something at was 39.74 with EXACT CHANGE. I had to go to an angerholics anonymous meeting after that.
5	Just a wonderful experience! The stuff were just so friendly and nice. The store was just so lovely and organize, blown away how Smith's change my experience on how it is to go to the store.
5	Always seemingly the flagship of Smiths is this one.  A Starbucks,  good sushi to go place, most decorations too.
4	I never liked Smith's before, until my bf made me come to this one. I do have to say great customer service here. Also, very friendly people that work here. I enjoy coming to this Smith's and love their Deli. I am very happy I found a grocery store to my likings!
5	I absolutely love this location!! It's always clean, and everyone who works there is so sweet and helpful. The only downside is there is never any parking. But I can deal with due to all the positives!!
5	The best retail kosher market in the Metropolitan Las Vegas area. They have an awesome on-hand display of Kosher products and we will special order what ever  kosher products they can. The counter help are friendly and knowledge; and always eager to answer any customer questions. It's also nice to know that we are supporting the entire kosher community by patronizing Smith's Kosher Experience.
