1	Horrible Auto Service!!!! Second time I have been on hold with the department for over 15min.... I had to call from another phone to make sure someone was getting to me and no one was, finally talked to someone and have been on hold another 25min. for a manager... not even one star rating
1	Nothing against the people who work here, just who owns this joint.   This is a WalMart establishment.  Every dollar you spent here has 60 cent leaving the community versus shopping at local businesses.   These stores are the modern day vampires that need to be removed from our towns.  They offer great deals and will continue to do so until every local business is run out of town.   The products may have well known names on them but be careful as I hear that WalMart orders these at cut rate prices and the businesses that make the product use lesser quality ingredients.   Don't know for sure which products but I know for sure that some are as a friend of mine works for a company that provides items for this company.Beware the food items.   They look like good deals but if you do the math they are often MORE expensive than the same items over at the local grocer.Yep, good prices but you are doing business with a vampire.  If you are cool with that then don't complain when these guys are the only places left to shop.
4	Beep!  10 pounds of chicken breasts at $1.79 a pound.  Beep!  Good generic diapers at $.18 a piece. Beep!  6 month supply of laundry detergent for $12.00.  Beep!  3 pound bag of organic coffee for $14.00.  Beep!Oh, and you'll have a giant slice of pizza and a large soda for just a $1.88 as well?  No problem!That's the typical sound of a checkout for me when I'm at Sams Club.  I'm the proud Dad of a single income middle class family.  Warehouse stores are a Godsend for making ends meet and getting quality products at a reasonable price.  While you may end up spending a lot of money leaving here, the value you get in buying in bulk can be very good.  You do have to pay an annual membership fee, which for us is just $40.  After a few times shopping here the membership fee does pay for itself.  Do some homework, though, and find out if the products you buy most are a deal, as in some cases the prices are not much different than a grocery store.  You can tour the store without paying the membership fee.  Also, produce comes in bulk, so make sure you can use all of the bulk purchase before it goes bad otherwise it will be some serious wasted money.What I find handy is the countless prepared trays and mixes that can be purchased.  Got an office potluck you need to bring a dish for?  No problem!  Just heat and go, with plenty of food to feed a lot of people and at reasonable prices.I've been a member for nearly 6 years.  Each year I end up getting my money back and then some on my membership costs.  Sams Club is a great way to save money for your family.
1	Phone rings for minutes without any answer. If you do get an answer, expect to be put on hold for at least 10 minutes.  When calling about whether an item is in stock, don't trust the answer you are given.
