5	With all types of noodle restaurants popping up around the area, we decided to get our noodle cherry popped this past weekend.  We were in the area and gave Nothing But Noodles a try.  Visiting Target and/or the movie theater at Stonecrest, I always saw the sign for Nothing But Noodles, but never had the opportunity or an inkling to stop by.  Now I can gladly say that I've been and can add NBN to my short list of places to grab a quick bite at Stonecrest.  (My other options were Wendy's, Chick Fil-A, or Qdoba, so NBN is a welcome addition.)  The best thing about NBN is that they have a variety of options to suit the taste of any family member and nobody has to bicker about what to order and/or make at home.  The kids all had spaghetti, my partner had angel hair pasta with veggies in a wine sauce, and I tried the Thai Peanut noodles.  All looked and tasted delicious.  It was a good, quick, hot meal and everyone agreed that the restaurant was a good choice for the future as well because nobody could ever be disappointed.  I was pleasantly surprised to find that NBN also carried appetizers (including lettuce wraps -- one of my favorites!) and salads for those wanting to add a little something more to their dinner or go a little lighter than pasta.   It was a welcome addition for a "fast food" restaurant.  I'm looking forward to returning and trying different items all over the menu.And maybe next time we'll pick up a big bag of cotton candy for the road for only $1!  Fun!
4	Nothing but noodles is DELICIOUS. It definitely stands out in the Stonecrest area, and the food is very tasty. There are many noodle options and also non-noodle options. Service is quick. Maneuvering around and figuring out what you're supposed to do is easy if it's your first time. The only thing that keeps me from going is the nutrition facts for some of their entrees. You can find them here at this website: http://www.nothingbutnoodles.com/myfiles/pdf/nutritional_information.pdf
5	What a surprise!  Don't let the name fool you into thinking you're in for a boring meal a a bowl of noodles!  The menu is extensive enough to be confusing, and the dishes cross multiple cultural and ethnic lines.  Best of all - the food is outstanding!  I tried the place as a "why not", and came away with a new favorite, affordable place.
5	This restaurant is a great place for the family. My two boys (4 & 6 yrs.) both love it. They usually get the Mac&Cheese with broccoli added. Great way for them to get their veggies. I love their Greek Salad. I ask for wheat noodles & usually add a protien like shrimp or tofu. Love the friendly staff too!
4	A suprisingly good lunch option in a Charlotte strip mall! Everything is made to order and always comes piping hot just the way you ordered it. There is never a shortage of soccer moms or screaming children in upscale kiddie clothing as this is indeed the side of town where no one is missing any meals and from what I know screaming children never killed anyone!I like this place, I like the spicy udon noodles with tofu, so much in fact I've never tried anything else.
4	On another trip to Charlotte, my brother and I walked into Nothing but Noodles, after reading reviews, on Christmas Eve.It was moderately busy, yet we got a nice warm welcome from the staff.  It was our first time here so we needed a few minutes to take in the menu and make some choices.    I decided on the Garden Fresh Salad, the half size, with the Roasted Garlic Balsamic, minus a few ingredients.  They had an "add-on" list posted at the register, which prompted me to quickly add 3 for $.99. I also had the option of adding those items to my salad, on the side, and either steamed,raw, or wok-tossed.  I chose Broccoli, Mushrooms and Carrots, wok-tossed, on the side.  My brother went with the Spicy Japanese Noodles, add Beef.  At that time another staff member walked up and offered my brother a house salad, free of charge, as he had "made an extra," my brother happily accepted.  We added two waters and our total came to $15.14.  We took our cups, and our number card.   It was self service as far as beverages, straws, napkins, etc.  We got our drinks, chose our table and the food followed shortly, within 3 minutes.  I was surprised when i saw my salad.  I ordered the half, yet this was not a tiny salad.  I cant imagine have gotten the regular order, then again, I wasn't starving.  I also got my veggies on the side.  My brother received a decent bowl of noodles, which smelled great.     My salad was crisp, fresh, and I loved the dressing.  My side of veggies were done well.  They were lightly cooked which softened them, yet still retained that crunch.  My brother was equally as pleased.  I am not a spice, or meat fan, but I did taste his noodles. They were on the mild side of spice, which I liked, and had a great flavor!      Overall, great experience at Nothing but Noodles, and will definitely return!  The staff were great and more attentive than expected at this style of restaurant.
5	Great food, fast and cheap. One of my favorite stops for a quick meal- they've got a great variety of pasta dishes and tons of ways to customize them (with different meats, veggies, etc). Also the servings are nice and big, so I always grab a box for the leftovers and heat it up the next day. Really can't beat the value!
2	Not too impressed. if you are looking for fast food that's decent, and around $10, then it's ok. If you work close by, and need a quick lunch, then I imagine I would eat here. I would rather go across the shopping center to City Tavern though, or next door to Jo Jo Chinese Rest, which is ten times better than this place!I had to go back and make sure my filters were set correctly, and this place still came up as #1 rated. This is embarassing for Charlotte to say a fast food "noodle place", chain restaurant is the best "Asian Fusion" place to eat in Charlotte.I don't even know what else to say about it.
4	At first this place threw me off and i was quite confused but this place is a well hidden secret. Its good food fast at a great price. I usually order the lobster ravioli or the shrimp scampi with broccoli added and any kind of salad that catches my eye that night. It a great place for singles like myself to go to when you want the feel of a nice dinner out with out going a lone, I go here at least twice a month,
3	This was my first time eating at Nothing but Noodles.  Previously, I had heard great thins about their food (especially their breadsticks) so I figured I'd finally give it a try.While the restaurant was clean and their staff were friendly, my meal was just did not blow me away.  I ordered sesame lo mein with a side of breadsticks.  I can appreciate that my lo mein was healthy, but it certainly lacked flavor.  The breadsticks were the best part of my meal.Overall, I wasn't impressed with my dinner at Nothing but Noodles, though I'm open to trying other things on their menu.
4	I love the food here, and really that is the true reason you come here.  They have a good selection of different types of pastas: america, italian, oriental, etc.  I recommend the margarita pasta.  It is light and still yummy.  If you are looking for something a little more indulgent, go for the stuffed shells.  Also, being vegetarian it is nice that they have tofu as a protein option.  It is typically always busy in there and the acoustics really stink.  You can here ever whimper a child makes.  So if you are kid-skittish, bring some headphones.
5	Love this place.  Great service  & great food - these folks are on top of things.  Consistent every time.  Thanks
3	Wow this spot is great for a pre movie meal! They have tons of choices for the carb lover in you and some other stuff that I didn't even bother to pay attention to cause let's face it you want some pasta if you're coming here.The restaurant itself is really clean and efficient, it's also freaking loud. I mean between the open kitchen's clanging pots and pans and all the people sitting around you talking it's just a hot mess. The food is pretty yummy though I got the lobster ravioli while my friend got the fettuccine alfredo and both came out super fast too. Just don't come here if you're hungover or have a headache and you'll be pretty happy.
5	One of my favorite restaurants, I wish they would expand and open up some more locations.....I always get the same thing, I believe its Southwest Chipotle with whole wheat penne then the garden salad with Balsamic....never disappoints....I get to snack on my gf's left overs which is always something different as well. I have never had anything bad from this place.I've also never seen an entire staff that works so hard, everyone that works there is running around doing everything from cleaning windows, running orders, taking orders, cleaning bathroom....if they see something that needs to be done, it gets done.....They got extra credit on the sanitation score! Love this place....wish they would stay open later on the weekends though....I think they close at 8 or 9 on Sunday I'd like to see them open until at least 10.
4	Those are some tasty noodles! My first adventure into noodle land and it was a big success! My daughter suggested this place the other night, I've got to say, I think she's getting an extra gift under the tree this year for it!! All kinds of pastas to choose from and you can go veg or add some meat to it. I went with the Spicy Japanese Noodles. They use Udon noodles, my new favorite noodle! Damn, Udon, where have you been all my life. My daughter got the Mac & cheese, I liked it but the sauce needs to be just a bit thicker. The service was friendly and fast and the atomosphere is causal. I can't wait to go back, I want to try everything. By the way, the bread sticks get a 5 star all by themselves.
4	This is one of the first noodle joints I had tried in Charlotte and have stuck with since the opening of many more around the area. I'll keep my review to the point. It has noodles from the major regions of the world and you choose the meat or veggie that you want. This location is a fairly decent size, but I wouldn't imagine bringing a huge group inside. The food I always end up getting is of good quality and freshness. I've never had a bad experience here, hence, the reason why I keep coming back. Their udon noodle and pad thai isn't too bad if you're looking for a quick fix, but not the best for sure. Fairly decent pricing, depending on what meat you usually get. Waiting staff is courteous and prompt and always willing to make things right.
4	I have always loved everything I have ever eaten at Nothing But Noodles. However, the last time I ordered the pear spinach salad and the pears where hard and tasteless. All around, though, I really love it here. I will definitely continue to eat here! I love the Caribbean black tea!!
4	Great low key lunch spot. Fairly priced.
2	OK so your a noodle place...I did not see one sign of making the noodles or do they.? Had chicken lo mein but did not see the chicken I asked and was told its there.....Oh really   sure it is... And that and a  million dollars and you will win the Lotto.As I tasted the bowl of noodles there was a strong vinegar taste . Not sure if I have ever had Lo mein that had a Vinegar taste  still trying to figure that one out.            Maybe pickles got dropped in the noodles?As you can see not many people for lunch but, there was a long line next door at Zaxbys?The King of fast food HUH?
1	This was my first time at Nothing But Noodles and it will probably be my last. The problem was, I entered the establishment craving Pho. Now I was smart enough to know I wasn't going to actually be able to order Pho but I certainly thought what I did order was going to taste better than it actually did.My husband and I both ordered the Spicy Japanese noodles with shrimp. Per the menu, the dish came with spicy noodles and an abundance of broccoli (take a look at my picture that I posted. Do you see an abundance of broccoli?) The noodles were like no other noodle I have ever seen. It was spaghetti on steroids. It was the Arnold Schwarzenegger of Spaghetti and they were gummy. Gag! The shrimp were very tiny and the sauce was so spicy, you couldn't taste anything else. Don't get me wrong I love spicy food but when the spice is all you can taste, it ruins the entire dish.The place was crazy busy and loud and the table we sat at was sticky. I don't even want to know what went on at that table before we sat down. Images of toddlers smearing half chewed pasta into the table with the ball of their hands kept flashing before my eyes.The only positive, the food came out quick.
4	Nothing But Noodles is a big supporter of the fundraising Charlotte Citipass books we sell.  For this reason, they have some good coupons in the book, which makes eating here worth the price.  At regular prices, I would feel kind of cheated.  Most of the food is good, and the sesame lo mein, as at the other NBN locations, is on par with any I have had at any Asian restaurant.  The people here are also very friendly.  They make everything fast but fresh.  It's actually not a place I set out to go, but a place we may go before a movie because it's quick and inexpensive with a discount.  They get a star deducted because everything is served plain, then you pay an extra $2-3 for beef, chicken shrimp, lo mein, etc.  That puts their Asian dishes around $10, and you can easily get real Asian food for about $6 including the proteins.  There are also a lot of parents with kids in here as Ballanytne seems to have an abundance of soccer moms, but that's not always bad :)
4	Great place for a quick lunch or non-dressy dinner. Fast service, fair prices and tasty food. Not authentic Chinese or Italian food by any means. Think fast food for noodle dishes. The outside seating is very nice when the weather allows and comes with the added entertainment of watching people sit in the chikfila drivethrough for up to 45 minutes during lunch.
4	Nothing but noodles has a great selection of noodle dishes. Everything from Japanese to my Italian Favorites. I enjoy their spicy Japanese Noodles with Chicken. These guys also have bread sticks that are neck and neck with the Olive Garden.
5	Awesome worth every penny!!!!
5	I love love love this place! I eat here on a fairly regular basis and have yet to have anything I don't like.  The prices are great considering the huge portion size.
4	Love my alferdo pasta.. yummy..
2	Had lunch here once at Nothing But Noodles before, pretty satisfied. Huge portions, decent Marinara, and leftovers for lunch the next day.That was visit #1. Come visit #2.I ordered:    Fettuccine Alfredo w/ Roasted Vegetables. (Note the pic above is the basil pesto dish, but the grease/cheese ratio was pretty similar)Problem: There was an exORBITANT amount of Parmasean, combined with the watery-collating nature of their supposedly "freshly made cream sauce". After a few swirls, the unevenly cut roasted veg started forming big, hardened chunks. I tried my best to separate and salvage the veg and pasta I could, but it really became a big, salty, creamy mess. Like untangling hair from a dirty pipe. Absolutely disgusting. I might as well have handed over my ten bucks.Two hours later, I felt my stomach churn. I felt used and abused. Never again.Rankings    # of times dined here: 2nd    Cost of Bill: $9 for 1person    Food Rating: 2/10    Service Rating: 8/10
3	I really dislike going out for noodles because they are so dang cheap. I mean really - you can't get ramen 10 for a buck any more, but still, even if you make a fancy dinner with the craziest, most decadent sauce you can imagine, you can treat your entire family for about what a single meal would cost. Unless maybe you put some sort of truffle on it or something. Even then, you always spend more eating out, and that's not really the point - noodles of any sort are just way worse than anything else.At Nothing but Noodles, you can choose from all variety of noodles - you can get your Asian noodles or your noodle soup or your Italian noodles, so anyone in the family will be happy, and you can customize it to your heart's content.
3	My daughters preschool was doing a charity / contest thingy which is why I went with the family.  NB wasn't really on my radar, es specially since I've been on a gluten free kick but I have to say it was different than I expected.Walked in not knowing what the menu was going to be like, but did notice the sign that they have gluten free options which was a nice surprise.  Upon entering, I forgot why I dislike the Stonecrest area so much.....the crowds and swarms of minivan driving moms were everywhere!  NBN was pretty full and very noisy!  After a long, hard laborious day at work a nice quiet restaurant would have been nice.  Luckily they offered outdoor seating which was more quiet.  The fried chicken smell from Chic Fil A right next door waifed over the entire time which was embarrassingly nice.I ordered the Spicy Japanese Noodles with the GF Rice Noodles.  The portion was large and to my surprise, right tasty!  Al Dente, rice noodles with a spicy kick.  Kiddoes had the mac and cheese, and the wife had the shrimp primavera all were nicely done and there were no complaints.  Dinner was around $35.00 which is a bit high, like Chad E. said just for noodles.  It was for the school so not a huge deal.Service was good, they had plenty of waitstaff and they were very attentive with refills and anything else we needed.
4	Nothing But Noodles is pretty good. They have a couple vegetarian/vegan dishes, which is great for me. The only complaint that I have is the noodles are always slightly undercooked (al dente). Or at least they are in the Japanese Stir Fry, which is usually what I get. But the flavors are good, the place is very clean and the prices are really good. I also like the fact that you can order a small or large portion of their dishes.
3	With an upset stomach, but in need of some dinner, I decided some plain old noodles may be exactly what I needed.  Over past the Chick-Fil-A and next to Flying Biscuit, at 5:30 it was already starting to fill with families.  The restaurant is LOUD.  Even at first arrival, when there was hardly anyone there, there is a higher noise level than it would appear.  But since I don't have children, I am more aware of noise than other folks who have been deafened by the incessant rumble of crumb snatchers may not notice.You stand in line to order and are given your drink cup(s) and a number to put at your table.  When your order is ready the fast wait staff whisk it to your table.  Everyone employed there that I encountered was smiling, friendly and helpful. I ordered the 3 Cheese Macaroni ($6) with a soft drink ($1.79) and COTTON CANDY ($1).  As another reviewer stated, the 3 cheese mac was pretty meh - the sauce could be thicker, as it really just seemed like pasta water with some cheese residue in it.  But it was fine - and it arrived to the table smoking hot.  The bread stick served with the pasta was DELICIOUS.  I could have eaten a 5 lb. sack full of just their breadsticks.  Sodas were self serve with Coke products and teas.  And the cotton candy, as silly as this sounds, was the highlight of the meal.  It's hard to find cotton candy and for whatever reason, this absolutely hit the spot as I sat at the table delighting in the blue spun sugar.  It was fine.  I would go again when feeling better to try something else.  A woman sitting near me had a pasta dish with some tomatoes and something green that looked quite good.  Dinner was less than $10 and I left fat, full and happy, so it's all good.
2	I really did not enjoy my experience here. I had the Three-Cheese Macaroni and it was soupy, watery and basically flavorless. We went in for a late lunch, and I don't know if they hadn't had a chance to clean up from the lunch rush or what, but it seemed quite dirty. Not impressed, can't imagine I'll be going back.
3	Much better than last year!  They must have a decent saucier now. The Alfredo was right on.  [Oh my!  I just realized that their sauces must now just come out of a can.  I wish they'd tell us if they are freshly made.)
3	Decent noodle dishes served fast. Kids love it. Good breadsticks and you control the pasta combos. Want pad Thai with meatballs? Have it. Great for takeout as well. Can get pretty busy on movie nights since the big Regal is across the parking lot
4	We decided to grab lunch here the other day and were pretty happy we did!  They have different themed noodle dishes - American inspires/Asian inspired & one other category I believe.  My husband got the mac & cheese and it was really good.  I ordered the Japanese spicy noodles.  I really enjoyed my dish as well - it was perfectly spicy - not too much.  There was a vegetable medley mixed in with it as well.  Overall, we really liked our lunch and will definitely be returning!
4	i used to go to this place for lunch all the time! i absolutely love their eggplant parmesan! friendly atmosphere.
5	I'm thinking about a frivolous lawsuit due to their misnomer. They have a lot more than noodles! The lobster ravioli is fantastic, the pizza is molto bene! They have lots of great healthy choices, great tasting food and quick service. This is like a higher-end Noodles and Company. I like it better, too. There are American, Asian and Italian options. The breadsticks rock.
3	Just discovered this place and I was pretty happy with it. I had Pad Thai with chicken. The food was incredibly hot and really fresh with lots of little bits and bobs. I was surprised, however, by how expensive the meal was. Last night at a designated Thai restaurant my wife had a serving of Pad Thai with shrimp that was twice as large and definitely a bit better. Still, not a bad place to swing through if you want something above fast food. Everything seemed to be of very good quality (although there sweet tea was definitely not very sweet at all).
4	I think my husband and I have decided that this "fast" food type restaurant is our favorite. Go up to the counter and take your number style like Jason's Deli. The food takes probably around 10 minutes and is delicious. I got the basil pesto pasta. It's bow tie pasta with a basil cream sauce, tomatoes, and mushrooms. It is very good and heats up well. It also comes with a bread stick fresh out of the oven. My husband got a salad and added steak, and we shared the tomato bisque and some more bread sticks. Our bill was around $20. They have outdoor seating and on Saturdays you can hear the band playing next door on the Flying Biscuit patio.
5	If we could give 10 stars we would. My husband and I are from CT and our daughter is in North Carolina. She recently got married and we had "Nothing But Noodles" cater the event and the food. They were FANTASTIC!!! From beginning to end they were extraordinary and helpful. So nice to deal with on the phone setting everything up and  outstanding the day of the wedding. They went above and beyond what we ever expected. Now on to the food..That was outstanding as well. They figured the perfect amount of food and it was absolutely delicious. From the appetizers to the salad to the main courses. We just can't say enough about them...I will not hesitate to recommend them or use them again in the future.Do yourself a favor..Eat there...Cater with them...Anything...I guarantee it will be WONDERFUL!!!!!!!!P.S. And the cost for all they did seems impossible...The amount we paid for our daughters wedding to be perfect, because of Nothing But Noodles, seems crazy. It was extremely economical and well worth the cost!!!!
5	Really Good Food!! I eat here almost every week!! Best dishes are Spicy Cajun and Southwest Chipotle.
4	Ok this is my niece and nephew  favorite restaurant... Yes this place GREAT for kids...one loves the butter noodles and the other like the Mac and cheese.. The portions are good I got the Cajun chicken pene pasta which is delicious too. The bread stick they give you is so addictive... This is the place I go often when I have the kids on an outing.
