4	Been here four times now.  I have not been disappointed even slightly at all.Pretty much right outside the door to our building at Cityscape.  Ignore all the construction going on above your head and you'll see it tucked in the new hotel they're building.  Nice inside, being all new and stuff.  Flat screen Samsungs (I want one) overhead at the bar area...looking like an old school diner for the modern times.  A lot of seating there as well as in the main sitting area.  The place is pretty roomy and bright.  I like it.  And you can see the kitchen staff's heads through a glass pane:)The food.I've had:The breakfast grilled cheeseBC Breakfast BurritoLox and BagelAll 3 were completely awesome.  The taste plus the portion size made me a happy guy.The breakfast grilled cheese has hash browns, bacon, eggs and cheese on it, made like a regular grilled cheese sandwich.  Its big.  Stacked.  And for $5.75, its one of the best buys in the area.  The sandwich is just a combo of all the good things about breakfast for me...minus a pancake that they should try to work in there somewhere...  No frills about this thing, just good eatin'.  This is something that would satisfy one of the burly construction guys walking around, or a fru-fru business lady trying not to fall in her heels.Next, the burrito.  Now this was ridiculous.  About two years ago I discovered that I like breakfast burritos.  If I had not discovered that back then, then I would've discovered it the day I had this burrito.  Chorizo.  Eggs.  Pepper Jack.  Lettuce.  And i ordered mines without the black beans, but PLUS PORK GREEN CHILE!!!!  This stuff.  I could eat it with nothing else.  But dumped on top of this fat burrito, I went to a higher level of eating pleasure.  I took it around to everyone around me and made them look at it.  Made them.  "Look look!" I yelled, "Look at all the heavenly delight in this container! LOOOOOK!"  The burrito would've been great just by itself, but having those big chops (sounds better than 'chunks') of tender pork in all that green gravy chile type stuff was too much.  It was a big deal to me.  Those flavors just held eachother and smiled at eachother and loved eachother and stuff.  Seriously.  I'd recommend that to anyone at any given moment.  A tad...bit...pricey though - I ended paying $14 for all of it...although a nice bowl of fruit ended up in my bag somehow so maybe that did it, and I just wasn't paying attention.  Oh well.  It was friggin worth it.I hadn't had lox before.  Couldn't wrap my mind around fish on a bagel.  But I learned that it is absolutely delicious.  This came as a build it yourself project.  A nice platter of sliced egg, tomatos, capers, two globs of cream cheese, a bagel of your choice, and the star of the show - the smoked salmon.  Ooooh!  I had fun building this stupendous sandwich.  And there was so much of everything that I could've built a solid 3 of them.  But only one bagel so I piled it high (take note CHOMPIE'S...this is what 'piled high' is).  First bite, I knew I had been missing something wonderful all this time.  Smoked salmon.  I could've just eaten that by itself.  I've never had it anywhere else so I can't compare this place's.  But it was this fresh, smokey, non-fishy, wonderful thing.  Along with my everything bagel and the eggs and cream cheese and tomato it was just a great experience.  So flavorful.  Also a bit pricey around $11-12...but again, this is downtown.  (rolls eyes)The service is also good.  Probably because the first time we went was when they were opening at 6, and there were only like 4 people in there.  They let us sample the wonderful fresh squeezed OJ.  But this is $4 for a small cup...delicious but not worth it.  Also, everyone has been pretty friendly which is nice early in the mornings.  When its been busy, we still didn't experience any decline in service.  I would like to sit down here and see how it goes as a dine-in'er.Oh and about the portions - everything seems big.  The sandwich was stacked like a brickhouse, the burrito was big enough to share and still be stuffed, and the lox came with so much of everything.  I suggest splitting something so the cost won't hit you so much.  Especially a burrito.  But that sandwich is only about $6 anyway, so that is just an awesome value.  I hope that their portions stay like this, but it's probably just because they are newly opened...  Fingers crossed.
2	As a daily diner in downtown Phoenix, I'll be surprised if the doors to this place stay open for more than 6 months.  I was so excited to have The Breakfast Club open in downtown and now I hazard to say even First Watch (which is hospital cuisine at best) far exceeds what I had at the Breakfast Club in CityScape.  I've now been to this restaurant three times since it opened hoping for an exceptional experience and I'm totally underwhelmed.  Today, I brought 2 family members to the restaurant and even though the service was exceptional, the quality of the food was horrible and it was all cold.  We had pre-cooked cardboard bacon, flavorless sausage patties, petite pancakes, and ice cold eggs.  Plating was haphazard and uninviting and worse of all, every hot dish was ice cold.  Since I was already at this location 2 times and each time I had to send food back because it was cold, I knew to order my syrup hot.  That was the only way we could eat the pancakes without sending them back.Considering this is a breakfast restaurant, I can't believe they find it so difficult to serve hot, flavorful food.  I really hope they immediately step up their effort because Matt's Big Breakfast, Cartel Coffee, and sadly First Watch have nothing to worry about.  I've waited too long to see downtown Phoenix succeed and unfortunately without remedial action, the Breakfast Club will not be a part of it.
3	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):6 Food6 Service8 Atmosphere7 ValueI've given it a few tries and will make a change if needed after a few more visits, but right now I'm pegging it at a 3 -- which for me is average (not bad).My complaints are that the homefries, which are somewhat ubiquitous, are soft & mushy, without enough herbs and seasoning.The toast apparently comes out already lightly buttered, without any jam or butter on the side.  (Which on one hand helps avoid waste in that it isn't brought out to people that don't want it, but when taking your order servers should simply ask, "Would you like any butter or jam on the side?" to solve both problems.)The sides of fruit have some pineapple and watermelon, but are anchored by the easy-way-out cantaloupe+honeydew.I also ordered cilantro to add to an entree, but should have been told that it already came with cilantro.  On that subject though, make sure to realize that you can maximize this place by ordering little twists from the "Market Board".The biscuits & gravy were quite tasty, but weren't biscuits & gravy; they add cheese and eggs on top.  It's like going to an italian restaurant, ordering delicious pizza, and getting delicious pasta instead.  It's kind of like a "Southern Benedict".  I recommend the dish, but only as long you know it doesn't taste like biscuits & gravy.For the "Mexican Benedict", there's the Huevos con Masa: [too hard] cornbread underneath eggs and a gravy-like cheese sauce.  Add avocado to make it interesting.While the service doesn't quite hit all the right notes (see 'toast' above for one example), it's attentive and well-meaning.  I assume it'll be improving over the next couple months as the restaurant finds its stride and the servers get more comfortable and knowledgeable.
2	"Hey suga, want some sugar? How about some powdered sugar? And maybe some syrup?" - My waffles. I ordered the nutty waffles, which are described as coming with toasted almonds, candied walnuts and my choice of syrup/honey. The candied walnuts were nowhere to be found - instead my waffle was covered with regular walnuts, a mound of white grain sugar, some scliced almonds and also a pile of powdered sugar. My teeth fell out looking at it.  I literally dummped these bad boys upside down to dust off all the sugar and then carefully place my naked walnuts on top. I hope no one eats this for breakfast.
4	This is a 3 out of 5 day stop for me now.  I have to admit that I haven't strayed from the Breakfast Grilled Cheese sandwich for the last few weeks.  Its THAT good.  Its not really productive for review writing, though.  Lately I've modified the sandwich to sub wheat instead of white, and egg whites instead of egg normals.  Personally, its better now.  I love the taste of egg anything and the whites give a good uniform egg taste.  The size of the sandwich hasn't changed; still huge.  I couldn't finish it one sitting anymore.  So I started ordering half a sandwich which isn't on the menu, but the folks there make it for me anyway.  I have unfortunately paid like 3 different prices for it since different people take the order.  Half a sandwich should be half the price, but its usually only about $2 off.  Whatever. I'd be better off just getting the whole thing and saving the other half for lunch.The sandwich's price went up $2 since my first review...so did a LOT of other items.  I knew they would modify their menu, but I didn't think they'd go up so much on so many things.  Oh well.  Its two steps away from me and the Breakfast Grilled Cheese is probably all I'll ever buy.  So yeah they got me.Another reason other than the sandwich that they'll keep four stars is their service.  I order as soon as they open at 7am and every person is always friendly.  I've gotten offered samples of their awesome OJ or apple juice while I wait.  And there are two of the folks that recognize me now.  Service and plain ol' friendliness goes a long way with me.I'll be going here as long as their there.
4	I had a great experience at Breakfast Club. The environment was nice with a fresh modern design feel. Fresh grapefruit juice was delicious and the service was helpful and friendly. The breakfast burrito topped with green chili was great. Living downtown, I can see this becoming a regular breakfast place. yum.
4	Breakfast is of course the star.  I generally don't bother with their lunch menu.  Be warned though, there is nothing healthy on the breakfast menu (except maybe the oatmeal).  The eggs benedict is done well and it comes with a mountain of potatoes.  The pancakes look more like dessert than your first meal of the day.  One gripe?  No diet coke!
4	I was trying to go to the other location in Scottsdale, but since that one seems to be always crowded I was glad that the one in PHX has more room.We came here before the opera, and it was a good option instead of the places closer to the Symphony Hall. I had a sandwich with fruit salad that was well served, so I had to take the other half for dinner. My other friends enjoyed a mushroom omelet and a build your own brunch option. Good service and trendy decoration.
3	Good breakfast place. I had the whole hog omelet. My omelet was overcooked and nothing spectacular/special. The decor and feel of this place was plain. No wait to get a seat on a Wednesday morning.
2	We went in and stood at the podium for several minutes while all the employees walked by us like we were invisible. We finally asked someone if we could just grab a table. Then we sat there for over 10 min before someone handed us menus then the waiter came by for our order less than 30 seconds after we got the menus. He checked on is once. They had about one employee for every table so it wasn't like they were that busy. Coffee was ok. I like the Havana latte at LGO much better though. We both had the Breakfast Grilled Cheese Sandwich (Hash Browns, Bacon, Eggs & Fontina on Grilled Sourdough) aka cholesterol killer. It was decent but nothing special.After we ate here this morning I was mentioning it to a friend of mine and she had eaten here before. She said the coffee was good, the Omlet wasn't so great and her companion stated "the server has as much personality as when I'm sleeping.". We must have had the same server. Easy on the eyes but not much else.
3	The setting reminds me of an upscale diner and every time I have been in it has been packed. I usually opt to sit at the bar because the service is much faster. Last time I came in I had the veggie omelet, and while drowning in cheese it was still pretty good. The accompanying toast was pre-buttered (I hate that) and the potatoes lacked flavor. All in all this place is a pretty solid breakfast spot, if you are not expecting more than your average diner food.
4	We went in for breakfast and were pleasantly surprised by the amount of food.  We just wanted basic diner breakfast but nothing in site, so were initially thinking it was too fancy.  We are big eaters and we left full so, its good.  The people were friendly too.  There's a big window, so you can people watch.
2	We went for breakfast last Sunday.  Trying to hit up some local downtown places.We sat outside and I ordered an iced coffe.  The coffee was good, not bitter which was a nice surprise.We both ordered The Bird Omelette, with no cheese and asked for a side of pico.  So our food comes out and there is no pico. Someone forgot to make it... ummm ok.  The replacement was pace picante salsa... which IMO is not salsa and should not be served at restaurants.The omelette was just ok.  It literally was huge... like 4 egg and over cooked.  The eggs were rubery and the turkey was dry, I thought it was a cracker no joke.  After a few minutes our server brings out a side of pico which helped tremendously.  It was very fresh and nice flavor.We get the check and I am ready to pay when I see that they charged me for the pico?!?! Umm... excuse me but I just ordered two omelettes with no cheese... I think that would have given me a pass on the charge for the pico.. which I think was $2 it was good but not that good.I hate places that nickle and dime you to death... so unfortunately even though we can walk there from our condo we wont be back. The two stars are for the atmosphere, the coffee and the potatoes.Another disappointing downtown eatery :/
1	Pros:  Biscuit and gravy is A+.  Everything else - eh.Cons: The service is laughable.  You would think the wait staff is straight out of the movie Clueless - especially the male waiter that works by the kitchen.  He will forget your order, has no idea what's on the menu, and will not refill your water.  When the restaurant gets "filled" with 3 full tables, everyone hits panic mode.  I wasn't sure whether to stop, drop, and roll or jump up and join the excitement at having more than 10 people in the restaurant at one time.  I'd rather have a hangover than deal with the service at this Club.
4	This is the office go-to place when we're trying to soak up last night's libations. I mean, when we're hungry in the morning! Yeah, that's why.BC has consistently staved off our morning appetites since I moved to the downtown office. I almost always get the breakfast grilled cheese, the BC sandwich or the Club Plate. All are great, but i must admit the grilled cheese in sinfully delicious.I once showed the staff my bacon tattoo and I think they got a kick out of it.
2	Food was alright, nothing special, probably could make better at home. I had the Foster French Toast and it was bananas with caramel, syrup, and ice cream, not my idea of "fostered". Mimosas were served in pint glasses with a straw. Had to asked for coffee refills. Pricey for a mediocre breakfast. Probably won't go back.
4	Enjoyed breakfast after early morning church service with my husband and four other friends. We frequent the Scottsdale location, but decided to go to the downtown location (since it is close to our church).We were received by a pleasant greeter. The waiter was new and couldn't answer many of our questions, but Scott -- the manager-- came to the rescue! He came out of the kitchen and as he approached our table he noticed we were preparing the bless our food. Scott intervened, joined hands, and said the blessing himself! What a surprise! Even though we were not prepared to "light into him" he certainly difused any less than stellar thoughts we were harboring. Scott knows customer service!The food was good; the fellowship was great; and we will return!Thank you, Scott, for making what could have been a lackluster experience a very pleasant one!
4	I selected this location as it was central to downtown.I ordered the Spring Berry salad; it was a large salad with spring greens, candied pecans, berries and blue cheese. It was great! I like eating mixed spring greens.The other items on the menu looked good also, but as I could not decide on traditional breakfast items, I chose the salad. I had a mimosa, probably not the best pairing for a salad, but it was good.
3	Convenient location with a decent breakfast.  I sat at the bar and enjoyed my strawberry french toast, but there was nothing exceptional about my visit.  Staff was 1/2 friendly and the other 1/2 not so much.  Atmosphere is nice, but nothing special.
5	Excellent Soutwest breakfast bowl.  Great service.  Very convenient to downtown hotels.
2	I met some friends for breakfast here today and left under enthused. I thought going in that it was affiliated with the breakfast club in downtown scottsdale but now that I've left I'm thinking not.  I'm still not sure either way. I got the Bird omelette - over cooked and under flavored in a big way. Coffee was good but  the creamer was so old it curdled my friend's coffee. Service wasn't great. Definitely not a destination breakfast spot. I'd only go again if I was nearby and not in the mood for something special.
4	Have not had breakfast here but have tried several times to eat lunch there. At noon there has been a lot of people so I went somewhere else. Yesterday I was able to get there at 11:30 and sat at the counter. The waiter was extremely nice. The decor is what I would call modern or trendy. Clean.I was in the mood for a simple grill cheese sandwich. It is on Sourdough bread two kinds of cheese. Got a cup of Tomato Basil soup. Both was very good. I got Ice Tea which was kept full. Several checks to see if everything was OK. They are very worth a visit. If I ever get in downtown at breakfast time I will probably give then a try.Remember To Eat Good Food.
4	Sharp looking place modern meets old dinner, good food nice and simple breakfast menu. Staff could have been more friendly, but over all solid place will be back again!
5	The Breakfast Club is located in my office building and I have both Breakfast and Lunch there on a regular basis. The food is terrific, the prices are low, and the service is excellent.On top of that they also cater lunch to my offices on a regular basis. They are always on time and are very discrete. My staff love their food and its usually quite a fenzy when the buffet gets setup.I highly recommend both eating at their restaurant and using their catering services.
4	My husband and I went here before the baseball this past Sunday. It was a lot less packed than I expected ( good for us). We sat at the counter which was nice and spacious and even had a TV for every 3 or 4 seats (nothing like watching some wrestling and rhythmic gymnastics at breakfast...).Our server/ barista-tender was a bit curt at first, but was very pleasent by the time our food came. My husband had the "Nutty" waffle w/ candied almonds and walnuts. He thought the bottle they give you syrup in was "really smart". He also enjoyed the food. I had the "Lean and green" omelet (spinach, broccoli, onions, peppers, and I opted to add turkey sausage). Even with adding the sausage, there was not enough filling in the omelet. Partially, I think, because it was super fluffy. It was also super delicious, lack of veggies aside. It also came w/ a small mountain of fresh fruit and potatoes O'Brien. Their "potatoes O'Brien" are not potatoes O'Brien. I had a large amount of largely cubed, undercooked, potatoes w/ no seasoning and one or two bits of onion and pepper. Worst potatoes Ive had in a while.Our overall experience was good, but seriously, opt for something other than potatoes as a breakfast side.
2	Glorified diner. *rolls eyes* The omlets leave a lot to be desired and majority of the servers are fairly transparent in theory attempts to win you over for an extra buck. Plus, the manager of this place has that ever-so-welcoming ex-con look about him. Great French toast though.
4	Was staying right next for a extended stay.  This was a go to place for me after a few days and the servers learned what I wanted and I didn't even have to remind them.  Nice to feel welcome while traveling and have a sense of home.  The food was good and the fresh squeezed juice was a my daily indulgence.. I enjoyed meeting some of their other regulars and really enjoyed the service and atmosphere.   Definitely worth a stop.   Alas, I never tried the lunch, but from some of the comments on here, I missed a few things.  Next time... Thanks Jimmy and Mark for making my mornnings a little brighter!
5	I love The Breakfast Club. The food is delicious, the staff incredibly friendly and expedient, and the prices are good. I have been here for both breakfast and lunch several times, and the quality of the food and service are both consistent. Also, their coffee is divine! Can't recommend enough!
3	The service is great, food is good, the only problem is it's almost iimpossible to get hot coffee. If u are lucky enough to get hot coffee they will surley give you a refill with Luke warm coffee. I've complained and have heard others complain but nothing ever gets done about it. I think we will go elsewhere for breakfast.
1	So far my restaurant experience in Phoenix has been subpar when it comes to service and this one took the cake. Everytime the server came to our table it was just to do one thing and we would be left in the lurch with our mouths silenced in the middle of asking for something. Finally the food came and it was actually quite delicious, I ordered the turkey eggs benedict with potatoes and fresh fruit. However once again the food was dropped off with no silverware, no condiments and no refills on the coffee. I truly hope the restaurant re-trains the staff or hires a whole new batch, because I am afraid food alone can not keep a business afloat.
4	I went here with the BF for breakfast the other day. It is conveniently located at Cityscape. I really liked the breakfast. I had the breakfast grilled cheese with eggs over medium. It was tasty! Eggs, hash browns, cheese, and really tasty crispy bacon on sourdough..... really extra delicious! The BF has biscuits and gravy and it was also very good! It had a roasted red pepper sauce on top of the gravy that was sweet and spicy. I wouldn't say this is the BEST place to get breakfast downtown, but it is very good and fairly inexpensive, so I would definitely come here again.
4	in town for a conference and craving 'real food'/a substantial breakfast to start the day - breakfast club, walking distance to our hotel, completely delivered.  our server was super friendly, though we were sleepy and indecisive; she recommended the french toast side we ordered to be made ala bananas foster - YUM.  more like dessert but nothing wrong with dessert for breakfast...  otherwise we had fairly standard egg dishes but they were yummy, fresh, served quickly, and exactly what we needed.the *only* complaint i have is wayfinding - perhaps, since they were setting up for an event downstairs, it was moved - but there were ZERO signs on ground level, and while we could smell bacon/coffee/breakfast, we had to lap the block a few times and only found it because we figured we may as well try the escalator...  a few signs would go far.
5	Breakfast Club redeemed my Phoenix experience.  The food was excellent but the service... oh, the service!  If the option presents itself, sit at the counter.  The two gentlemen who work behind the curved the counter are the epitome of efficiency.  Clearly they take pride in what they do and have honed their skills to the point that they (uncannily) are able to anticipate just about everything.  Thinking about a cup of coffee to go?  It appears on the counter with your check.  Contemplating a no carb breakfast, all options-- including possible substitutions-- are presented.  During my brief time in the restaurant, it was clear that everyone who worked at BC genuinely cared about their clientele.  A woman named Betty walked in and an iced tea was waiting along with an english muffin prepared specially for her.  Was it called in ahead of time?  Not according to Betty: "they somehow know."  Just about everyone who entered the front door was greeted by name.  If you've ever wanted to experience what 'flow' in a restaurant looks like, the counter at Breakfast Club is your place.  Sit back and let the staff take care of the rest.
5	Love BC been going here for years! Pinenut crusted chicken is da bomb!!
5	Simply wonderful, service was attentive, quick and friendly. Great breakfast bowl and terrific coffee. Go there now!
4	I had to stop here upon recommendation from my coworkers.  Being from Chicago it was nice to be able to sit down and feel the nice warm air come in from outside.    I had the Waffle with fresh blueberries and a blueberry compote on top.   The meal was great but a little pricey.  For the waffle and a small glass of OJ it was over 16 dollars for breakfast.
2	I'm DONE!!  I used to love breakfast club.  Used too.  The last 3x I have been here I have left saying "I will never come back here".  This last time I meant it.  The food is good and the prices are a bargin for breakfast especially in such a great location.  It is the waitstaff that are horrible.  They NEVER smile, they are completely ANNOYED and "put out" if you ask even for a napkin.  The last time we complained to the manager who looks like an extra from "Good Fellas" and he could care less.  I am NEVER going back here.
5	Ate here about a month ago for breakfast....delicious!  The decor of the place is very nice and modern...simple and clean.  The food was amazing.  I don't even know what my boyfriend ate, I was too in love with the breakfast grilled cheese.  Which was so good I tried to make one at home the next morning and failed miserably.  Can't wait to take my parents here when they come to town!
4	What I Ate- Quick Start Loaded (4 eggs, potatoes, bacon, toast, and fruit)- glass of milkWould I Go Again?I really enjoyed my breakfast here, and I will probably go back in a few days.  The eggs were very good (two fried, two scrambled), the whole wheat toast had a great flavor with just the right amount of butter, and the fruit was fresh.  However, the highlight of the meal for me was the homestyle potatoes.  The edges were crisp, and they were cooked with red and green peppers which gave the potatoes a great flavor.  The only disappointment was the bacon, which I would classify as below-average bacon.  Maybe the chef had an off day.  The rest of the breakfast was so enjoyable that I am willing to give the chef a mulligan on the bacon.Additionally, their outdoor seating was the perfect place to enjoy breakfast outside in Phoenix's beautiful November weather!
5	The name of the place is what attracted us to look at the menu during our 3 day visit to Phoenix, we went for Sunday Brunch on my birthday and at the end of the meal they brought me cake! The food was good and the service was excellent, a younger crowd but family friendly. It was so good in fact we went back again on Monday morning!
3	Whoever wrote about the warm coffee, not hot- dead on! Portions good size but it was loud and menu limited.  My pancake tasted like a vanilla cupcake.  Beaus breakfast burrito with green pork chilli was good.  Service was good even at 1230 on a Monday.  He says its excellent, I can take it or leave it.
2	There is a reason why it is a quick wait to sit down.... because the wait for quality service and food will be endless. If you're expecting the Scottsdale Breakfast Club, you will be disappointed.
5	Sit at the bar. Enjoy your tasty breakfast almost immediately. There is almost never a wait. The food is tasty to.
4	The breakfast club is a great place for breakfast/brunch. My mother and I love the Scottsdale location. We eat there often so I was excited to hear about the downtown opening, especially because her and I are both to to school downtown. My husband and I eat here frequently as well. The website indicates they are open until 3pm, but my husband called last week at 2:15 to confirm they were open until 3 and the girl who answered the phone said they were already closed. He informed her what the website said to which she quickly responded "they close whenever they feel like it." We eat there often (4-5 times a month) and the staff are extremely wonderful so maybe the girl was new??? One of the servers even remembered our order from the week prior which I always think is nice when a server takes note of the regulars! Hopefully the rude girl was a fluke because it seemed so out of character!! Great food, great vibe!!! Definitely recommended!!
4	A friend recommended this place when I posted that I was going to Phoenix. I had tried Matt's Big Breakfast the day before and was glad this place was a bit closer to the Westin since I was walking. I think it's a solid choice for breakfast and has great service.B R I E F  S U M M A R Y-- If you're walking, you have to take the escalator to get to it-- Friendly and attentive staff-- Whole hog omelette was very tasty & the creme fraiche broke the heavy meat flavor-- Upgraded my toast and hashbrowns for biscuits and gravy-- Biscuits are jalapeno cheddar & they add a red drizzle to the gravy-- Get the biscuits and gravy!-- French toast was good but not mind blowingI actually had a great breakfast before I left Phoenix. The service was great and I was so undecided that my server really helped me out. As soon as she mentioned the jalepeno cheddar biscuits, I was sold!I ended upgrading my potatoes (which I don't like much anyways) and toast for the biscuits and gravy. It came out with my whole hog omelette and some fruit. The fruit cup was small but definitely had some fresh melons, etc. I'm not a big fruit eater. The omelette was very meaty but I definitely enjoyed the chorizo the most. I added a little ketchup and the creme fraiche really helped break the the meat taste.The biscuits and gravy were very tasty and meaty. My only complaint was that they were warm and not hot. I think that was the only real downside to my experience here. Overall the food was warm not hot. And we all know there's nothign like some hot and fresh food.I also tried a slice or two of the french toast since I couldn't get any at Matt's the day before. It was average french toast. Sweet and savory with decent syrup. I definitely would recommend this location. It has a great feel and the menu has a lot to offer. I loved the southwest twist on the biscuits and gravy, definitely recommend!
4	Huevos Rancheros were muy bueno! It is possible that it was the weather, the patio, the Sunday afternoon relaxation that factored in but it was a great experience. The service was great the green chili on the Huevos Rancheros was fantastic (make sure and ask for a side of the queso). I have a soft spot for green chili as some of my family have "secret recipes" that are hard to beat. It's really nice to be able to sit and enjoy the weather of Phoenix in what is beginning to be a REAL downtown, with real viable businesses. It's exciting to see our downtown start to take on new life.
5	This place was super-good. I had "The Bird" omelette and it was great. My buddies had the breakfast grilled cheese and the "Lean and Green" omelette. All were great. Our server "Wynsome" was friendly and willing to make separate checks for our entire party (thanks!!).
1	My last experience at The Breakfast Club will be just that, my last.  Living downtown I try and support downtown business and frequent establishments within walking distance of my condo.  I've had a few positive experiences here and  more than a few negative experiences, but my girlfriend likes the place (or she used to anyway) so when she comes downtown for the weekend we make the trek here.  The food is average, somethings are well done (good Bennies), some you could get just as good or better almost anywhere.  I can name at least 5 breakfast places in Phoenix that I feel have better food at a more competitive price.The drinks used to be what kept me coming back, as I felt this place had one of the best Bloody Mary's in town.  My last experience here was a total let down and I should have known something was up when our server asked if we wanted "spicy" or "non-spicy" when we ordered our drinks, a question that has never been asked once in the nearly 2 years I've been ordering drinks here.  My "non-spicy" tasted totally different than anything I've been served there, and not in a good way.  My girlfriend's "spicy" tasted like someone added a pound of horseradish to it.  The drinks are also way over priced, $10 for a large and $7 for a small, I have no problem paying premium price for a premium product, but these no longer fit in that category.  The staff is what solidified my decision to cross this off the list of places I frequent as I've only read about service this horrible and never actually experienced it myself until now.  I'll start off by saying the service at the Downtown Breakfast Club has always been hit or miss, with many more misses than hits.  Some of the waitstaff has been very good, most has been not so good.  I'm really not that hard to wait on....take my order, bring me my food, refill my water, check in once to see if everything is OK and you can expect a good tip.  To illustrate my last visit here's a timeline:Checked in with hostess for party of 2, was told 20-30 minutes.  Waited almost an hour and watched a total lack of control or caring as people would just walk up and seat themselves at the outdoor seating and nothing would be said by the staff.  If the outdoor seating is a free for all like sitting at the bar just let me know and I'll seat myself.Finally had a table, waited 10-15 minutes before our server came over.  Luckily we knew what we wanted so we ordered our drinks and food right away.  Bloody Mary's took about 15 minutes to get to us and food was another 20-25.  Once the food arrived we asked for ketchup, which I feel is a fairly simple request, and the server said she would be right back with it.  Apparently right back to her means 15 minutes and when she appeared with it and we total her to forget about it since we were already 80% done with our food she seemed a bit put off that we would have the audacity to ask for something and not bow at her feet when she got around to getting it to us.  Was the food good, would you like more water, can I get you anything else??  Don't ask our server because she wouldn't know, not once did anyone stop by our table and ask even one of these basic questions. My advise to the owner of this establishment would be kill it with fire.  This location is destroying your brand and had I never been to the Scottsdale location I would never have given this one as many chances and I have.  I would rather eat stale Fruity Pebbles with month old milk then eat here again.
3	WOW what a great deal for your $$!  This is a spacious spot located right in downtown Phoenix near the Palomar.  I went here for breakfast and was shocked at how much food portions are.  It is hard to screw up breakfast and the Breakfast Club did everything 'just fine'. We had a large party and they quickly got tables put together for us.  I never had to ask for a refill on coffee - they came by often and were very nice.Would definitely be back!!
3	What better place to have a UYE Breakfast Club breakfast than at a restaurant called the Breakfast Club! It was off to a slow start getting a table with miscommunication on our reservation but they found the room to seat our group outdoors, and it was a great morning for it. I ordered the Turkey Bene plate,came with potatoes & fruit and was not disappointed, tasted great, best eggs benedict I've had yet! Some others ordered amazing looking pancakes, one plate looked big enough for 3 people, great deal for your buck! Great place to go if your in downtown Phoenix.p.s. I was so not happy about them not having Diet Coke, but the coffee was good and held me over until I could satisfy that addiction elsewhere.
4	It was the 3rd meet up for The Breakfast Club UYE this year, and had a good turn out! The placed picked this time was Breakfast Club downtown Phoenix at CityScape, now prior to the meet up I did call the Breakfast Club to let them know that we had a party of 10 to 15 coming in the morning on Sat, and the manager said no problem, we can put some tables together but it will work, so I said great, thank you and see ya on Sat!  Sat morning came and I checked in at the hostess told her that we are here and she said oh, I didn't know anything about you guys coming, if you don't mind waiting I have a table I can sit you at when the existing party leaves, said no problem and we waited.  We sat at a table that was sort of inside and outside, and it was a beautiful Sat morning for Phoenix, when we were waiting for the table, we passed around a menu so I already knew what I wanted. Everyone placed their orders and conversation was flowing and it was just a really good vibe.  The hostess and our server were very friendly and nice, love places that have great service, it makes you want to come back more.Oh then the food started coming out, let me tell you, everything everyone ordered looked amazing! There were big blueberry pancakes, breakfast grilled cheese sandwich, turkey bene, huevos rancheros, breakfast burritos and more! I was pretty set on what I had ordered and when those plates starting coming out, I was drooling, it was cool seeing the menu in full color, every plate was beautifully prepared and vibrant in color.My son ordered the breakfast burrito and a bowl of yogurt with berries, he said the yogurt was amazing, and he loved his breakfast burrito, he was stuffed and couldn't stop eating it, but he did and took half of it home and ate it for breakfast the next day. I ordered chocolate chip pancakes, you can take me to a grown up place but I will still get me the chocolate chip pancakes haha. Also ordered a side of the potatoes Obrien, the pancakes were perfectly sweet and tasty! The syrup was in a glass bottle, like for olive oil, I thought man that's pretty sweet idea. On the potatoes Obrien I was just expecting potatoes with peppers, but what I got was so much better, huge home-style potatoes and nice slices of fresh peppers & onions!  My breakfast was delish baby!It was a great breakfast club uye, look forward to the next one!
3	We needed to kill some time before going to the game at Chase Field so we decided to get some breakfast.The location is in some weird urban thing wedged in between a couple of hotels.  You have to go up an escalator or stairs to get there (or walk through the hotel and take an elevator).  It can be a bit hard to find.  We sat outside though, and enjoyed doing some people watching.Both my friend and I had the breakfast grilled cheese sandwich.  Bread, eggs, cheese, and hash browns.  It was good, but the hash browns made it too dry tasting.  Ketchup might have helped (but I was too hungry to stop eating and ask for some).  Mayo might have worked too.  But yeah, it was an okay size and about what I expected for the price (around $7 I believe).I also got the chipotle biscuits and gravy.  It was okay.  It was actually just one biscuit.  The gravy sauce was different, neither good nor bad, but I think I would prefer just some normal white gravy.  I think it was about $4 which was too much for just one biscuit.Nothing really bad about this place, but nothing really great either.
3	I came here for the UYE last weekend and we all had a good time. Monica O. didn't seem to bothered by them loosing her reservation and I arrived late so I guess I shouldn't complain but I have to subtract 1/2 star since it's just unprofessional. Also have to subtract 1/2 star more because they didn't have the huevos con masa which is my favorite dish at the Scottsdale location. Instead I tried the huevos rancheros. This was prepared pretty differently from how it is usually done at other restaurants. The pork green chilli and refried black beans were very, very tasty but for me the dish fell flat since it was served on a soft tortilla-ish wrap that wasn't even toasted or anything so I was really missing the crunch from the tostada shell that I was expecting. It was still pretty good food, though. But I doubt I will ever come here again since the Scottsdale location is easier to get to/park and has a better menu. Also, the decor here matched the Scottsdale location's post-remodel asthetic but lacked the same charm.One note on their house made V-18 "juice" since I tried this for the first time. It really bears no resemblance to to V-8 juice. Think of it more like a vegetable smoothie or even a pureed gazpacho in a glass. I am not saying that's a bad thing, just be aware. I did finish it, but it took a while.
2	We come here often because we live downtown. When this place opened it was great, good food and decent service. This morning it was packed and they could not handle it...there must not have been a manager because everyone was running around and the place was a mess. When we were finally seated I ordered my usual iced mocha. After 10 minutes our sever apologized for the coffe not being ready, as it was being made by Mark the barista. When I did get my coffee, thank god I stirred it up because there was a balled up napkin in it! I gave it back and Mark replied that he had just made it and it wasn't like that (like I had done it to my own coffee). He made a new one and rudely brought it to our table without even looking at me. To top it off he made the WRONG kind. I get it, they were busy and people make mistakes. A simple sorry or pretending like he cared would have made the situation better.  The food is good but we've had too many experiences with mark and a few others there that we won't be going back.
4	I went here for the 3rd Breakfast Club UYE of the year. High five to Monica O. for picking a great place. A little bit of a crazy start, adventures in the parking garage and a lost reservation, but after they got a table set up for us everything went good from there.Great service. Nice table that was half inside and half outside. Great day to be outside. Don't think it would work to well in July though.Awesome food. I got the blueberry pancakes. They were as big as my face and so good. Couldn't stop eating them but couldn't finish them either. I also tried potatos O'Brian which I had never had before. Breakfast potatoes with grilled onions and peppers. That was really good as well. I really liked that they had homemade syrup and that they put it in a olive oil bottle with the spout. Great idea.Really nice restaurant too. Very clean. I will be back. Not only to try and conquer the pancakes but also to try other things on the menu some of which my fellow breakfasters got. There were some good looking plates on that table.Great breakfast place in downtown Phoenix. Can't wait to go back.
2	So, my sister and her family were in town, and got a good deal @ the downtown Hyatt.  CityScape is close, and they went to breakfast @ The Breakfast Club on Friday morning.  My sister is on a very strict dietary regimen, and they were able to accommodate her with a side of broccoli for breakfast.  So, she wanted to go back there for breakfast on Saturday.I am always up for trying new things, especially breakfast.  And I'm pretty sure this place made a "best of" list I'd recently read.  So I agreed...despite my deep desire to go to Matt's.  I wanted to support my sister and her quest for better health, so I took one for the team.Our server was fabulous.  She was efficient and remembered my sister's dietary needs from the previous day.  That's why they get 2 stars.I found the setting quite generic.  The selection of pancakes/waffles/french toast was not at all tempting.  I got the basic eggs/bacon/toast/fruit combo with a side of potatoes.  Food came promptly, and was ok.This is what really bothered me.  There were no condiments on the table without request.  My toast was dry, so thank goodness they asked if I wanted any jam when they took my order.  I know some people like their toast dry.  But I like mine with butter.  REAL BUTTER.  They asked if we wanted any hot sauce or ketchup.  We said "yes."  They brought us an assortment of hot sauces, and a tray with 4 little dishes of ketchup.  Nobody wanted any ketchup, so that was so much waste of time, energy and product.This place is VERY generic.  I will not be returning, because there are so many more interesting and locally-owned options for breakfast downtown.Oh, and Faux News does not help the atmosphere...just saying...
3	I went here for the March breakfast UYE and I had a great time with about 15 other Yelpers.  Thanks Monica O. for organizing the event.  I had the Lean and Green Omelet with a side of bacon.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/breakfast-club-phoenix?select=uvj8DJyrCItJkV4E9AFqHg#m0Vvp-J0oR0j1UxusMrO3AThe egg-white omelet was very delicious with spinach, broccoli, bell pepper and onions on the inside.  I requested to hold the cheese on mine and I substitute that cholesterol with bacon!  The standout in this event, besides meeting new Yelpers, was the service.  For a party so large http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/breakfast-club-phoenix?select=uvj8DJyrCItJkV4E9AFqHg#c5bPyX-c--ABMMX-LNM0Mw , the service was pretty darned good if I do say so myself.  HA!  I just found out by reading someone else's review in the side bar that our reservation was lost.  I had no idea.  Maybe that explains why the server was so nice?  I'm not sure.  All in all, I was very happy with the service.The great part about this resto is that it is located mere steps outside of the (I hate mentioning another business in a review) Palomar Hotel in the Phoenix City Scape.  You exit the backside of the hotel and you're right there at the restaurant.  The parking garage http://www.yelp.com/biz/standard-parking-phoenix-2#hrid:f7Y3tSYRFG3K-BJclN_5qg  below Cityscape is a convenient place to park.  You take the elevator up and exit near the restaurant's entrance.  Be sure to get your parking ticket validated by BC.I would definitely go back here!
5	Had breakfast here this morning. Great location.Very prompt and friendly service. Sat at the counter and they had all the doors open since it is a beautiful morning. Had "The Bird" omelette and it was delicious. Portions are large and very high quality.Would highly recommend this restaurant when downtown.Only regret is I had to work and couldn't have a drink. Very generous pours on screwdrivers and bloody Mary's!!
2	Visited Phoenix from San Francisco and chose most of the places for food based on Yelp...and this time, Yelp disappointed. Kinda bummed we wasted a meal on BC. While the outdoor area was nice and quiet and the staff was really friendly on a nice Sunday morning, the food was below par. We ordered the lox bagel - which was fine, because they made none of it in-house - and the vegetable omelette. The egg white vegetable omelette was something you would expect from a college dining hall - made from egg beaters. Such a disappointment. Perhaps the other offerings are much better, but my first and last impression of BC is of cheap egg beaters.
5	Great meal - great service - great coffee - very busy place - fresh squeezed OJ & Lemonade!!!! Would totally come back! I ask for a special plate and they responded - no problem - did I mention great service & great food!!!!
4	Best egg omelets! Plus the waffle was delicious too. Great outdoor doing too and friendly waitstaff.
4	I am not sure what I expected from the breakfast club. I guess breakfast. Just heard a lot about it but just went for the first time. The menu was just a normal breakfast menu. So, ok, maybe expecations was high but whatever. Had the burrito with the churrizo which did nothing for me whatesoever. The waffle was to die for.The servers were frinedly and all the staff including the managers and hostesses seemed happy and that they wanted to be there.We will be back
5	Good food, large portions, and fast service. Perfect for breakfast or lunch.
3	I was very hungry when going to The Breakfast Club for the first time. I ordered pancakes with Hash Browns, Sausage, and Bacon. The pancakes did not dissapoint. They were very filling. To the point that I could not finish all the other times I ordered a la carte. The servers were very friendly and quick to make sure our drinks were always refreshed. Overall I had a good experience. Nothing that was out of this world amazing but the quality of food was good and the service was good.
4	I'm starting to appreciate the concept of a little more of an upscale breakfast. LONG gone are my undergrad days at NAU when we'd stumble into Mike and Rhonda's at 6am (because we'd been up drinking all night) and couldn't give two shits that the chicken was grossly under-cooked and still partly frozen.So now I'm a grown-up(ish) and popped in here for brekkie the other day. To clarify, when I say "upscale breakfast" that means a TINY 4 oz breakfast fillet, two eggs (I appreciate that they asked if I wanted them poached soft, medium or hard-this made the difference between 3 and 4 stars-WELL DONE (not my steak or eggs!!!)) LOTS of hashbrowns which I ordered as a side, two pieces of toast and some fruit which was all artfully arranged.Their fresh squeezed OJ was the highlight of the breakfast. Everything else was good, not stellar. If you're looking for value for money, look elsewhere. Don't get me wrong, I left feeling full but some folks may feel cheated when they get the bill, relative to what they got. I personally liked the service, the bright cheery atmosphere and that I left feeling full but not stuffed. Another bonus that they gave me a refill on my coffee to go. I keep forgetting that these guys are just a few blocks from my work. This is the kind of place  that I would remember if I were visiting Phoenix from out of town.
4	Once I figured out where it was (Climb the steps!) I was treated to a gastronomic delight. I had a breakfast and lunch there, and was very pleased with both, Breakfast burrito was tasty and well presented, and I could not finish it - huge portion! For lunch I had the breakfast bowl - don't ask me why - and this too was very tasty, a large portion, and I'd order it again. Staff was very friendly and accommodated my requests as to how to split the bill without issue. Very friendly place!
5	5 Stars all the way. If you are looking for a new place for breakfast and want to try something different, the breakfast club is the place to go.  Great service, great location, great menu and great atmosphere.  Also has a great patio to eat outside.
2	Not as good today.  Service was not great and eggs and meat were overcooked.   Quality is slipping
4	Attentive staff great food great location in downtown Phoenix.
3	I placed an order for pickup, but it took me 4-5 tries to get through. Parking is a beast during the week, carry out parking would be nice. The staff is friendly and the food is super fresh. The border bowl is big enough to share, so prepare yourself if you order solo.
4	Flew into Phoenix headed to Sedona/Grand Canyon and we stopped in here for an early breakfast. It was easy to find and we all enjoyed the food. I had the breakfast grilled cheese with over easy egg and it was buttery, crispy & delicious.
3	great food, awful service...that seems to get worse and worse every visit. sure the food will probably keep me coming back, but on my most recent visit i waited 15 minutes after being seated before i had to flag down a waitress to try to find out who was supposed to be serving our table. this is due to either poor miscommunication between staff members, or sheer ignorance on the part of the wait staff. I'm guessing both.As far as the food goes, the breakfast grilled cheese is practically gold on a sandwich! The benedicts are quite delicious as well although they nixed my favorite one from the menu (filet mignon topped with poached egg and blue crab meat)... The fresh squeezed juice is also amazing, especially the V-18 (try the bloody mary made with this).
5	New in town and wanted a breakfast place within walking distance to our apartment. The Breakfast Club filled the bill. Great food, great service. We'll be back.
3	Clean, simple and downtown.  Breakfast Club reminds me of an upgraded Denny's.  The coffee was nutty and hot.  The waitress even gave me a cup to go.  I had a plain waffle and eggs on the side.  Not the best waffle I've had but good. The eggs were cooked perfectly. Great place for students to study and have breakfast.
4	We had a large party for an early lunch. We were seated quickly, service was very attentive (the waitress even offered to do separate checks for us), the menu was creative and reasonably priced and the food was good. It was even pretty easy to get to - right off the elevator from the parking garage. I will definitely be going back. Don't forget to validate for free parking!
1	Horrible experience. I work near by and have chose this location multiple times for breakfast. After my experience today I will not be returning. The server acted very distasteful and grumpy upon pickup of my order. I tipped her and when getting to my office to enjoy my food more than my experience it ended with the wrong order!!! Contacting management was worthless since all he offered to do is make up for the additional sauce not received with my order. I was treated as if I did something wrong. Considering the price of the food, it is not worth returning for another experience like this. Returning with the wrong order was the icing on the cake after being treated unpleasantly by the server.
3	Food was good service was horrible. Waitress didn't bring us most of our order and snapped at my mother when she asked for a glass if water after forgetting it 3 times. It's a shame that the service would stop us from coming back.
4	Yummy breakfast place right below our hotel. It was busy but after 5 minutes we got a table and drinks ordered right after we sat down. Love the biscuits and gravy that are on the spicy side. Hubby loved his big egg breakfast. Friendly waitress who filled up our drinks throughout! This is not our first time and will be back.
1	It made me choose 1 star ...... 0 stars for service. If I could go negative stars I would . Sara our server was the Worst part of our experience. Food was over priced, service sucked . And Gino the manager from jersey shore had no interest in our complaints but only offered his apologies for them being busy. Took responsibility for short staffing the restaurant . ( NO EXCUSE) . No offer to comp and even walked away making a joke of the bad service . Being in the food industry, this is poor taste .
3	This place is really cool, and has some great vibes coming from it.  The food is also great too, but the only reason I give it 3 stars is the service.  The manager is really loud, and also the servers are slightly slow and rarely check up on you.  The food comes out a little slower than I hope too.  But, once it does come out, it's great.  If you have the time, and you are with others, I would recommend it, but don't go alone.  You will end up being frustrated.
5	Really, really like this place!Arrived around 10am and the place was packed. Opted to sit outside to get the full experience. There was a little bit of a wait, but the manager Gino checked on us several times. He's extremely efficient, friendly and animated. He definitely adds to the experience! I ordered the lox, bagels and cream cheese while my bf ordered the bird omelette. Both were great and worth the wait. Service was fast. The only con was our server. She was nice but I never even got her name. She took our order,checked on us once and that was it. She was also busy so I still gave 5 stars! And most importantly can't forget pet friendly!!!
4	The breakfast was really good and so was the price. The waitresses was great. I plan on visiting here every morning I am here.
4	I loooooove breakfast and the atmosphere and food combined that TBC offers is one of a kind! I went on a weekend morning in October. Perfect weather, sat outside in the courtyard seating area of the restaurant. It was fairly crowded so the service was a little slow. We had to ask for things a couple times. The mimosas were expensive and not that great but the food is. Having a leisurely breakfast Downtown is something most of us don't get to do because of week-day work schedules, so I definitely recommend spending some time there if you get the chance. I had the Belgian waffle with strawberries and a side of bacon and my guy had a huge southwestern burrito. They were both terrific!
3	Food great.  Cornbread could've been a little sweeter. Biggest compliant service was quite bad.  Took a long time to get food and server was lacking friendliness.
2	Really bad service! You know the feeling you get when you visit a place like Dutch Brothers Coffee and you automatically feel better because their energy is so high and positive! Yeah... The Breakfast Club will do the exact opposite to ya.I WOULD NOT recommend anyone to go to TBC. It's not worth your time or hard earned money. They have obviously made some recent staff and managerial changes and it hasn't helped. Their customer service is really lacking! From the hostess to the servers. Came here with my girlfriend on a Saturday morning when it was not packed. We were seated right away but it took at least 10 mins for someone just to acknowledge they would be with us. This is ridiculous considering it was basically empty. Nobody makes my bae wait ;) The menu has stayed pretty much the same but little details on dishes have change (smaller portions/money saving tactics) Sucks that things seem to be going downhill here. The place is so bright with a great atmosphere. Pros: - lots of breakfast selections- decent food- drink specials- heart of downtown- good atmosphereCons- horrible service- long wait times- bad attitudes- menu looks like crap- overall downer feeling in the place
5	BC Sandwich: Substitute Sourdough for English Muffin add Ham!Lean and Green Omelette may very well be the best egg white omelette I've ever had - of course, add ham.
5	Wanted a quick, healthy breakfast and the friendly, highly competent staff recommended I combine a cup of Irish oatmeal and a cup of yogurt and granola.  It did not disappoint or make me wish I had ordered something more indulgent.  Oatmeal was delicious and the yogurt, granola and flaxseed cup was the perfect complement.  Oh, and awesome breakfast joint coffee.  Highly recommend!
2	We went to this establishment on 11/10 after an event at US Airways. It took us 10 minutes to get a table that was next to the hostess stand, that was like putting us next to the kitchen. It was a beautiful morning and there were tables available in the patio area. The waitress was not the nicest, we looked at the menu and nothing was appealing to us. We decided to have coffee and go somewhere else. We advised Sara, our waitress of this and wow did we get the crappiest attitude ever! She already had a crappy attitude and showed it can get even worse. GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE, NOT!! She said she will get us coffees to go, because they are busy and need the table. The coffee was good, but we will never recommend or go back there again.
5	Fantastic catalina chicken sandwich, and honeys behind the counter and as diners, bonus.
5	Really great food. I had the breakfast burrito, and mom had the waffle. Service was excellent. Even gave us a to-go cup full of freshly brewed coffee. Will definitely be back!
4	Great food. Great atmosphere. Friendly staff. Grilled cheese is AWESOME! Benedict is DELICIOUS. I am definitely a fan.
5	Great place!  I was here for work and it was next door to my hotel.  It was high quality diner food with some fancy twists.  The sausage and eggs were good and the French toast was outstanding.  I will return any time I am in Phoenix.
1	Great tea, juice & good foodBar has lousy service so don't sit there unless you like being ignored or having a bill tossed at you (that has not happened to me in my 45 years of living) - and I kindly replied with A $0 tip (I've never done that before either - and my company pays the bill not me so it's not about money at all)Have had great service outside of bar though!
1	Terrible food snd snarky service. My green chilli omelet arived stuffed with luke warm Salted shredded pork. No sauce. Sent back as it was like a dear lick.  Disgusting. Snarky waitresss slamed th ed/ plate in to.garbage. broght me overcooked eggs with old grout. SKIP THIS PLACE!
2	I see a lot complaints about the service but on this occasion our service was great. We were greeted promptly by the hostess, the person I assume was the manager and two of the servers. One server even commented on my family's accidently matching attire. Shortly after receiving our menus the server took our drink order. Things were going well.Then our food came out. My wife's food was missing some of the ingredients listed on the menu. The server corrected this quickly. Otherwise her french toast order was fine if not, by my tastes, underwhelming. My wife thought it was fine.I had ordered the Huevos Rancheros. Half of the plate was covered with shredded lettuce. The rest of the plate consisted of black beans, pork green chile and 2 eggs.The green was bland and I would've like to have seen more. The eggs were over done, not runny at all. (sad face here)Also being a relatively cheap person I had a bit of sticker shock. The OJ was fresh squeezed, my niece had a large and my wife had large mimosa. I didn't feel that their french toast was a good value at $10.Bottom line is I won't go back and I won't recommend this place. Their are several other downtown breakfast locations that I think are better.
5	I am a huge sucker for delicious breakfast cuisine and this place is one of my new favorites! Highly recommend the Border Bowl, especially with the request of two eggs scrambled and mixed in and the other two eggs over easy served on top... Perfection! Freshly squeezed juice is on par!
5	After golds gym, we went straight across to this wonderful place call heaven. Haha. Their breakfast here was phenomenal. Can't go wrong by starting off with thwir OJ. YUMMMMMMM. Omgggg the french toast is a must. Three thick toast, the walnut was so tasty, it had fresh blueberries and strawberries on it.   It was simply heaven in your mouth. ALSO the veggie omelette was a out of this world,  with fresh fruits and potatoes on the side... Haha not complaining, it was wonderful. I SHALL COME BACKKK
3	The best part of eggs benedict is cutting into that perfectly poached egg and seeing the yolk ooze out and blend with hollandaise sauce over nicely toasted English muffin. Unfortunately, that didn't happen at the Breakfast Club. My table had 4 different benes. The common denominator was an overcooked, almost hard-boiled egg. So shameful in the world of Eggs Benedict lovers.  On top of that, the hollandaise sauce was so thick and tasted like a butter cream. Potatoes were ok but should have more of a crisp.  The good thing about my brunch was that I sat at the tables outside and it was a nice day out. Made me a little more forgiving about the food. Probably won't be back.
4	Had the breakfast burrito this afternoon right before my flight back to atlanta. It was good, unfortunately I couldn't finish cause it's big. Service was great tho. Fruit was fresh. No complaints.
3	Nothing special here. The "latest shinny object" in the world of restaurants.  Three stars for effort!
4	One of my favorite movies and I'm always on the look out for the cast in here. So far, no luck. However, I've never been here on a Saturday so that may be the problem.I work nearby and occasionally the only convenient time to meet with someone is first thing in the morning. This is my go-to meet for breakfast spot.  The food is very good, the service is fine and I've never had much trouble finding a table.  They offer a range of items on their menu - from something light to go for it big boy!  I usually get an omelette - light and fluffy and I've tried the Huevos Rancheros (so-so but OK).I've dropped in here a few times for lunch as well. The wraps are pretty good.Bottom line - nice place to grab breakfast if you're at or near CityScape.  Don't expect "WOW, OMG, Best. Breakfast. Ever!" but you'll walk away happy.  You should also not expect to see the cast of the movie.
1	Unfortunately I didn't read the review about the lousy service before coming here. Can't speak for the entire restaurant, but I can definitely confirm that service at the bar stinks. I can only surmise that the have an over abundance of customers and are trying to shoo the excess away or they are quite confident that their food will make people forget about the service. Well....not this customer....too many restaurants serving good food and friendly service to ever bother with this place again....
3	Great food and staff but DO NOT come here in a party of 2 and expect the order and be out the door in less 45 minutes
4	You have to try the French toast.  They make it with challah bread! What more do you need to know?  This place is light and airy.  Actually part of the dining room is outside which is perfect for Phoenix.  We were here a week ago Saturday and while the place was busy our waitress was attentive without hovering.  The coffee is also very good but you do not get unlimited refills. (This is not the worst thing in the world but unlimited refills is kinds of standard for coffee.)
3	Good food and the staff is pretty good too.  Eating outside is great when the weather permits.  The burrito bowl is excellent!
4	Another jury duty lunch escapade! There was about 10 of us and it took about 20 min for that big of a group to be seated which was great for the busy downtown Phoenix rush. I believe everyone got lunch this time around and some highlights include great black tea, huge wraps (highly recommended ) and super quick service! We were able to spilt the check as well which was another plus. Great environment. Usually would recommend the outside seating but it was extremely windy so it was closed during lunch.
3	Found this restaurant on yelp and decided to try something new since my boyfriend and I were staying on this side of town . Upon arrival we were greeted by the friendly hostess up front and was able to be seated at that moment , there after service just went down hill . Our server came to grab our drink order and we let her know it was our first time and she really didn't seem to care very much to make any suggestions or small talk . With the small menu , it wasn't difficult choosing what to order . I started off with an orange juice and until I took the first sip i didn't notice it was fresh squeezed , it was amazing , I ordered the turkey club wrap with a side salad and my boyfriend ordered the breakfast grilled cheese sand which without the Fontaine . Food came out in an acceptable amount of time , but a different server brought out food out , from what i learned from being a server my self , if someone takes your food out , you check up on them right after to see if everything came out right , regardless what the food runner has to say, didn't see our server for another 10 - 15 mins or so , my boyfriends drink was empty , he wanted Tabasco and I needed mustard , took a few bites out of my wrap since I was waiting for the Tabasco and mustard and it was just as good without it but I just love mustard . Anyways our sever finally comes around and drops the check off , and I looked at my boyfriend who still had half his grilled cheese and me still having more than half a wrap , and I just couldn't believe it , i was no where close to being done with my food and we weren't even there for more than 30 mins , my boyfriend finished where I just asked for a Togo container . Price was just right , food was on point , but our server , just took two stars off this review for me .
5	Amazing food at large portions. It is expensive, but you get what you pay for. Pretty much whatever you get will be good. They have the best breakfast burrito I have ever had!
4	Spending our staycation at the Westin Phoenix was within walking distance, so we saw this place and gave it a shot for breakfast on Saturday. The food was better than average, I really liked my Grilled Cheese breakfast sandwich, my fiancee really liked the french toast. The fresh-squeezed OJ and pineapple juice were really good too, but overpriced. Service was mostly competent and we had no complaints other than that the food was a little slow coming out. The order were correct the first time, and the waitress checked up on us frequently. We had a little bit of sticker shock, but the food was good enough to bring us back Sunday for breakfast again. In general, we like this place, and we will be back when we are downtown around breakfast time, but likely won't go out of the way to go here.PS: I know there were a lot of complaints about the service at the bar, and we knew that before we went to TBC, so we specifically chose to not sit at the bar, but I kept an eye on it. The bar remained packed even when the restaurant wasn't, and people seemed generally happy, so they may have fixed the bar service problem. I saw this on both days, so it wasn't just a fluke.
5	Really awesome breakfast. This is in the Hotel Palomar on the Cityscape, but I think it's a tenant not affiliated with the hotel. I ate there two mornings in a row.First day was Huevos Rancheros, which I'd rate B+. Nothing bad about it, but the flavors didn't quite click together for some reason.Second day I had some ultimate french toast that was the best french toast I've ever eaten. It don't remember the name, but it will be easy to spot it on the menu.Excellent bacon, coffee and service, too.I wish we had one of these in my hometown. On second thought, maybe that's not a good idea for my waistline.
3	Started with coffee and Mimosa's. Both were good.I had the Fried Chicken with gravy and two sunnyside up eggs. It also came with home fries and a fruit salad. Good stuff. Sticks to your ribs.My other half had the Biscuits and Gravy, with scrambled eggs. She didn't like it. The biscuit's were bone dry and no amount of gravy was going to fix it.
5	We stayed at the hotel Palomar and walked down to the Breakfast Club 2 days in a row. It was GREAT both days! We sat outside both days and enjoyed the great weather. The service was prompt and can't really say anything negative about this spot. We'll be back!
4	It's a great place to walk to and just have good meal. I would say sit outside if you can. Inside can some times get a little loud.
4	3rd time there in a week, if that doesn't explain our 5 stars I'm not sure what will. First time I had the eggs Benedict, last two trips I've had the border bowl. Bloody Mary wasn't my fav, but the mimosa was good today. My wife has ordered the biscuits and gravy all 3 trips. The wait usually isn't bad if you're ok with sitting outside. Service is great.
3	Decent food, not a terribly vegetarian friendly menu. Food wasn't bad, but nothing I'd venture to rave about. Good service and they serve a decent Americano. I wouldn't go out of my way for a second visit, but if you're in the area, not a bad choice.
4	My first trip in here was for Easter brunch courtesy of my grandmother. This time there was a little issue with getting the attention of a staffer to be seated, but the food did not disappoint. Challah has to be one of my favorite breads, so seeing that their french toast was made with it just about had me dancing in my seat. I ordered two slices because I assumed they were going to be along the same lines as the huge, thick, and fluffy chocolate chip pancakes I had during Easter - I was right.The slices were the size of my face so they more than filled my hungry stomach and the side of pork sausage and bacon was the cherry on top. I would definitely recommend Breakfast Club Cityscape to anyone who's looking for a good breakfast place downtown. They're open on the weekends, too! Next time I look forward to trying some of their lunch options - I think the grilled cheese is calling my name.
2	Depends on what you order but most of the food is very oily/fattening. I got the biscuits and gravy, the taste was okay, I've had way better though..
4	The best French toast and biscuits n gravy around, but the coffee is bad. Since breakfast, at least for me, is all about good food and coffee, I have to dock a star for the coffee. -Great service-Great location-Great food-Bad coffee
4	I ate here twice during Comicon, and both experiences were very positive. They were insanely busy and so service was understandably a bit delayed. The 4 stars is due to high drink pricing and attention to detail (dirty tabletop, no steak knife provided with a steak dish). I tried the filet mignon benedict, and it was worth every penny. Great flavor, perfectly medium rare. The hollandaise came out less saucy and more like mayonnaise- that is a preference issue I suppose. There is a varried menu, I also tried the bacon breakfast sandwich which was top notch. Definitely check this place out.
1	I was excited to try this place out on Saturday because I heard so many great things. Me and my family stopped here to eat before comicon last weekend and we were disappointed. The waitress seemed to only care about her own reflection in the mirror and never brought me water I asked for. Then when my food arrived my bacon had a really long piece if hair in it!! Not to mention the entire restaurant was covered in flies all over our food and hanging out on the windows. It all together did not sit well in my stomach for me. However the manager was very apologetic and comped my meal and closed the doors so flies would not get in. All together I do not think we will go here again :(
3	We were driving around downtown Phoenix & found the Breakfast club through Yelp. Much as anywhere in the area, there is no private parking lot for the restaurant, but since it was a Sunday, there wasn't much of a problem finding street parking. Once seated, we ordered a small fresh squeezed orange juice, a coffee, the Quick Start, the Golden Malted Waffle, the Regular Sweet Cream Pancakes (full order), & the BC Signature French Toast. Overall, the everything was good, nothing that you'd remember to recommend to friends, however. The orange juice was way too sour but the highlights of breakfast were the waffle, french toast, & the bacon from the quick start. The waffle was really light and fluffy, the french toast was also well made (didn't smell egg-y like it does at some other places) and had plenty of berries & nuts, and the bacon was thick cut & tasty. Service was unfortunately a disappointment; it was relatively busy inside and outside the restaurant & when we got there, they had to clear off a table for us, but at no point after we got our food did the waitress come by to ask if everything was good & we had to ask someone else who came to get our plates for the bill. If I happen to be in the area, I might stop by again but I wouldn't make a trip to go eat there.
4	Gotta say this was surprisingly healthy. I didn't expect to have a fulfilling meal with absolutely no grease and no salt. I was FULLY satisfied and set for the day. The lemonade was perfect. We took lemonade to go just because it was that good. My only suggestion is that you don't expect the best of service. Although the staff had smiles and were personable, it seemed like it was everyone's first day. As I sat and just watched, everyone's order was delivered to the wrong table before finding the right one and everyone's order at each table was given to the wrong person... did I mention that our table was just a table of 2. The table next to us had to ask for their drinks 4 times... no exaggeration. Although I despise bad service, the food is worth the return. They should be happy the Chef is good at what he/she does.
4	This is a usual spot for my friends and I to eat on Sunday mornings when we can. I typically order the quick start loaded which is eggs, bacon, potatoes etc... They do have amazing jam that comes with your toast and I am a fan of the raspberry! The food is very fresh and looks amazing. This place gets pretty busy, and in the summer months there is definitely a wait because nobody wants to sit outside. One of my favorite places to nurse a hangover. Yummmmmmmmmy.
4	Food was fantastic. I had the French Toast and my fiance had the grilled cheese and we both loved it.
1	I ordered to-go breakfasts for a meeting at our office. I called in at 6:50 am and asked for a 7:45 am pickup. We were there at 7:45 am. We got our food at 8:17!!! THEY WERE 32 MINUTES LATE! Completely unacceptable and they didn't even offer a comp or even a discount for their horrible service. Some of the orders were wrong, too, which I expected because sit-down restaurants are never great at to-go. However, when you've got customers who are already angry and the manager is now the one who is finally getting the food, it would be a good idea to check the orders before you bring them out to the customer. I will NEVER be back.
1	Went here once and haven't gone back. Ordered the breakfast sandwich with no bacon because i'm a vegetarian. Sandwich came out with bacon. No big deal, i'm flexible and every restaurants makes mistakes. Ask them for a new sandwich. Waitress says "do you want a fresh one or do you want me to just take the bacon off?"  Asked to be remade since I don't eat meat and the bacon and already been smothered in between the eggs and cheese. Comes back rather quickly with a "new" sandwich so I say "this is a brand new sandwich, that was quick?" She said yes and I start to eat it only to find bits of bacon still stuck in the egg and cheese. I was not upset that the sandwich was incorrect in the first place, but the fact that the waitress just picked off the bacon and then lied to me was outrageous. If I was wanted it being picked off I would have used my own hands! Further, when I showed her the sandwich she did not even apologize. I will say that right before we were leaving a manager did come out and apologize and provided me a gift card to try their place again, though I don't think it will get used by me as I don't plan on returning.
3	The service was top notch, however the food was just okay. Nothing special.
3	I often choose this as my breakfast go-to because Matt's is really busy and has a limited menu. This place has good drinks, lots of options, and a cool location with validated parking.My issues here are mostly service-based. Once I ordered a screw driver and the waiter exclaimed "Wow, it's a bit early..." Um... do you even want a tip?? Also, it's one of those places where they often forget about you, especially toward the end of service, and then when they bring the bill they're all apologetic. But it always happens. Not the end of the world but almost always an issue.Apart from that, I usually share the french toast and the breakfast grilled cheese with my husband. Both very good, but not unbelievably so. A solid choice for breakfast.
5	Second time in three days.  Craving bacon pancakes.  They are amazing while eating your mouth becomes a symphony.  If the pancakes are a indication of what they have to offer the rest if the menu should be great.By the way you can load anything (on the menu) you want into the pancakes or waffles.
4	Great looking place, very modern decor. Large glass windows enable the sun to shine in and provide a great view if the outdoor mall. We were seated in less then four minutes. Service was great even thought it got packed fast.I had the caprese omelet, with potatoes and fresh fruit. It was very good. The fresh squeezed apple juice was amazing. And my kiddos had the chocolate chip pancakes, which they had no idea were wheat! I also snuck in a iced coffee which I must say was the best one I've had yet!!
5	Excellent, breakfast is my favorite so I don't give 5 stars often.  This is now one of my favorite's.  Great food and excellent service!
5	Look, this place rocks...but isn't coffee a first and a must? I didn't get it before or with my meal, but maybe 5 min after I got my French toast. The waitress said it was because they were brewing a fresh pot. Eh-I suppose 11:45am is a little late to expect coffee to be ready to go. (She offered me a cup to go as we were paying the bill which made up for it anyway) Food here= perfectly prepared, well thought flavor combinations, and unique ingredients. The french toast made with challah bread is probably the best French toast I've ever had-AND they offer 100% pure maple syrup. I've also had The Bird omelet-and all I can say is WOW. Only complaint is that it was huge and I felt the need to finish every last delicious bite. That being said-you could definitely split any of their omelets or French toast with a willing friend or spouse. My husband got the Benedict with portabella mushrooms and it was equally as delicious. The mushrooms tasted marinated and roasted at the same time and had a slightly sweet/sour taste to pair w the saltiness of the egg and the creaminess of the hollandaise sauce.
4	I went to the kiosk and ordered their large Caramel Hazelnut Iced coffee and it was delicious. Not only that, the employee was extremely friendly and attentive. Will come back and try the food!
2	Pro: quick service, lots of veggies in the Lean & Green omelette.Cons: said veggies cooked in so much oil I had to use the toast I subbed for the potatoes to blot each bite. Server never checked on me so just gave feedback at the end of the meal. Someone ordering something called "lean" & subbing dry toast for potatoes is not looking for an oily mess. Coffee not hot & not great, either. Too bad, cute place & nice location next to hotel, but will be looking for something else for the next 2 mornings of my stay in Phoenix.
3	Ended up here because Matt's Big Breakfast was packed.Grabbed a seat at the counter and ordered steak and eggs.  I never realized that a 4 oz steak is miniscule.  I made a comment to the server and she replied "well, it is a filet".  Hey, I know that filets come in larger portions.  So they overcompensate by giving you 4 eggs and a pile of potatoes.All in all, the food was good and the service was great.It's worth stopping by.
1	I love breakfast food and was told this is the place to get it. I ordered the biscuits and gravy and it was terrible. It was more grease that gravy. I had to hold back throwing up. The potatoes that come with it were great but they did not hit the spot and I had to run to CVS to grab a snack to hold me over till dinner. Skip this place, go to Matt's Big Breakfast.
5	Excellent service and excellent food.  Probably the best breakfast I have ever had.If you are into meat for breakfast you can't go wrong with the "whole hog" omelette. For a little spice and pepper to your morning go with the BC Bloody Mary. And to cool it down, build your own pancake with some amazing options like mixed berries and bananas fosters.
5	Was looking at a list of breakfast places nearby the hotel I was staying at and was delighted to see that the Breakfast Club was within walking distance. I've been here before about 3-4 years ago but it was just as good then as it was yesterday.It's a very laid back type of place with indoor/outdoor seating. I chose indoors because I didn't want to get hot and sweaty. You seat yourself so my friend and I chose a booth seat.Service was fast! We ordered drinks ($7 mimosas for their breakfast cocktails) and they came out fast! I ordered The Bird omelette which came with potatoes and fruit. I was expecting the potatoes to need a ton of salt and the fruit to be bland. That was not the case. The potatoes had such a delicious flavor and the fruit was freshly cut. The omelette was better than I expected. Most omelets barely have any of the fixings, this omelet was packed with chunks of avocado and turkey and everything it came with.Friendly staff, amazing food, and laid back scenery, the Breakfast Club is a great way to start the morning
3	Had the eggs Benedict. It was ok no the worst not the best. Eggs were a little overcooked . The sauce was good but thick and not enough. Ham was great !
3	The food was nothing to write home about, but the Breakfast Club is a conveniently located option for anyone attending a conference or staying at a hotel nearby. Service was quick and good.My Bloody Mary ($7) was too salty and too watery. I didn't finish it, which says something. My mushroom omelette ($10) tasted like standard diner fare, but I was happy they used shiitake and oyster mushrooms rather than just button or cremini.
5	best breakfast ever! cool place too!
3	I was in Arizona for a conference at the Phoenix Convention Center, and I came here two days in a row because it was the closest breakfast place that had food I wanted to eat. The first day, I ordered the BC Signature French Toast, which had 3 pieces of toast with fresh berries, candied almonds and walnuts, and powdered sugar, with freshly squeezed grapefruit juice. The grapefruit juice was definitely freshly squeezed, because it was so sour! But good and fresh. The french toast wasn't anything spectacular I think, and it honestly didn't have much flavor. It was also very difficult to eat, because the berries and walnuts wouldn't fit on the fork easily with toast.The second day, I ordered full stack pancake with chocolate chips inside and strawberries + whipped cream on top, and I got a pineapple juice. There were 3 pancakes, and, like the toast, they didn't have much flavor. The whipped cream and strawberries were pretty low on quantity. The whipped cream wasn't very thick and was very sweet, and it melted at a quick rate. The pineapple juice, unlike the grapefruit juice, was very sweet, and I was trying to see whether there was syrup in it. I'm not sure. But it didn't take very strongly of pineapple, and it was very yellow.The service both days was pretty good though! The waiters and waitresses are friendly, and they come by occasionally to ask how everything is.
5	Cool place, outdoor seating has sprinklers which were unfortunately never turned on for us on a hot summer morning ): the food is great! Servers are nice and attentive. Defiantly a great breakfast spot!
1	I live downtown and often visit BC. Today I received the worst service since coming here. My friends and I frequent this place often and usually have a really good experience.   Today we arrived and and had to wait longer then expected to be seated. we then noticed that people that arrived after us were being sat before us. No problem mistakes happen. However, when we brought it to hostess attention we recieved attitude and no apology. Then we ordered drinks as we usually do. They got the drink orders wrong and again we were greeted with attitude.  I am huge on customer service and therefore will not be returning to BC.
5	I've loved everything I've tried for breakfast. My personal favorite is the BC Burro, which is the perfect size and price for a quick breakfast. But if you're in the mood for something bigger, the Border Bowl with a bunch of meats, veggies, potatoes, and cheese is ridiculously good.There are several benedicts on the menu, absolutely fantastic. The potatoes o'brien and fruit make an outstanding side.Plus you can't go wrong with a mimosa first thing in the morning.The people are friendly, location is great, and there's plenty of outdoor seating for when the weather is beautiful like it is right now.
3	I had eggs Benedict but substituted the ham for tomato. Everything was fresh and delicious. The only issue I had was with the service. The service was slow and not very welcoming. The food made up for the lack of personality that the waitress had.
1	What an absolute horrible dinning experience. Let me set the stage. My husband, 2 small children, and I sit down. We order drinks. An ice tea for my husband, 2 lemonades, and a coffee with cream for myself. Clarification again with the waitress yes, I would like cream with my coffee. She returns with an ice tea in plastic container with a lid for my 30 year old husband and 2 very tall GLASS glasses of lemonade of the 2 and 1 year old children. I then ask, "can we please have something with a lid". She replies with a little attitude and "ok but can I take ur food order first" as the kids squirm and whine for the delicious lemonade that sits before them. Finally we get the plastic ware after she takes our food order, checks on the table next to us and runs food from the kitchen for another table. THEN when the food begins to arrive it comes out one plate at a time. 5 minutes apart. But of course forgetting the kids plate. The kids get to share one side of eggs as I regretfully ordered a spicey dish with jalepenos. Had to ask 3 different people for a side plate so my youngest didn't have to eat off the table. Finally the waitress mumbles she didn't hear we wanted a quick breakfast with the eggs scrambled and piece by piece assembled the breakfast. Eggs, later some fruit, followed by 5 minutes later some bacon, and finally when we were finished with our meal out came the toast. Never once did our waitress refill our water or coffee (that I had to ask 3x for creamer) and as we signed our card receipt she never once took a plate of food.  Absolutely horrible service!
2	I didn't think this place lived up to the reviews at all! Pretty disappointed actually. I ordered the french toast and it was barely cooked! Lets say it was lightly seared on each side. Disgusting. And at $10 an order, very disappointing. My husband had the breakfast bowl and he enjoyed that, said it was a bit spicy though and he loves spicy food. For the money, this place is not worth it in my opinion.
4	One of the best Benedict's I've had. I ordered the mushroom Benedict * (not sure exact name on menu) and enjoyed every bite! The mushrooms were super juicy, the hollandaise was creamy and the perfect amount of sweet! My second egg was over done but they brought me out a new plate fast, without question and left the overdone benedict for the table to munch on - the mushrooms were too good to let go to waste). The bloody Mary was also delicious. Spicy and not too filling - a perfect pair for any brunch. I am an avid bloody mary seek and drinker - I'd give this a 3.75 out of 5 - worth a try if you like spicy!
4	Friendly wait staff. Fresh squeezed OJ I ordered the breakfast grilled cheese.  It was delish
4	This was my go to place for breakfast while working in downtown Phoenix for the week. I got the quick start with a slight modification, a slice of french toast instead of regular toast. I've eaten it three days in a row...why you might ask? Can't I venture out? Try something new? Normally yes, but when you've got something good going, why change it? The food is great. When I wake up at 4am all I can think about is that bacon and the french toast with real maple syrup. I actually wait until 620 to start walking over from my hotel. The bacon- I don't know what they do to it but its like a freshly fried pig and yes it tastes great. The one slice of french toast isn't too sweet, too soggy or too similar to a plain slice of bread (you've had those bland french toasts before). Its perfect---its just the right amount of sweet, with spice and doesn't leave you stuffed. The biggest plus---the place is dirt cheap for the quality.
4	Really enjoyed their food and their atmosphere. We had a few people pass us while we waited to be seated without acknowledgement, but the wait was minimal. The rest of the service and food was quick. I had the biscuits and gravy which and the BC Bagel and Summer had the Turkey and avocado omelet. Everything tasted so fresh and delicious. That said, why use stirring sticks instead of spoons for their coffee when you put ketchup in a fancy cup?
4	My boss was visiting from Texas and we wanted to get a decent breakfast so I found this place...I would only suggest the signage be a bit better as I had to go around twice and then ask someone where it was as it's upstairs.  Once up there this is fabulous and the service was great.
