3	I have become quite the sandwich connoisseur over the years, and thus know that not all sandwiches can be judged on the same scale.  There are tasty sandwiches and gourmet sandwiches.  Jimmy John's Tasty Sandwiches are exactly what they claim and a bit more.  The newest Tempe location is on the southwest corner of Rural and Baseline in the Whole Foods shopping center.  The service was fast and friendly and best of all they deliver....UNTIL 3AM! I ordered the Vegetarian Club (#6), and it was pretty tasty.  Not gourmet, but kinda like home cooked goodness that fills the tummy and soothes the soul.  I was super ecstatic that they even offered alfalfa sprouts! I will definitely return to try some of the signature sandwiches now that I know they can handle the basics.
2	Tried here twice now once just days after they opened and again a few days ago and I have to say I am not impressed at paying twice subway prices for half the sandwich.The meat here is ok but nothing great and I think the meat at whole foods next store is a whole lot better tasting and less processed. They lack some very simple sub veggies like pickles and olives. I can't believe they don't have pickle chips or at least spears but will charge $1 for the same claussen pickle i can get a jar of for $5.The sandwich itself is overpriced and small at about the same length of a subway 6" but half the width. At $7 for this sub I would at least expect more meat than subway but it is about the same.I also have had my order done incorrectly twice now and i didn't think no mayo, add oil and vinegar with all the veggies and hot peppers is that complex.For the money I am going to walk in to whole foods and get one of their great sandwhiches for about a $1 more and are twice the size and usually leave me with leftovers and while I am there I may even buy a jar of pickles.
4	I have waited 12 freaking years for a Jimmy Johns to show up in Phoenix! Finally! Once I had somebody hand carry it down from Chicago, and the other time I drove 2 hours down to Tucson for it. Ok so I'm a little nuts over JJs. The Italian club is awesome and the Hunter's Club is just as good. The bread is just so good. Subway bread is absolute crap compare to this. Not sure why people are whining about the price. $5.25 for a large sub and $4.25 for a small club. That's pretty dang good for this day and age. Highly recommend the Italian. It is so good! If you'd rather go to subway, you have no taste buds.
1	I've been craving a good roast beef sandwich for a few days now, and finally had the chance to venture out someplace new to fill the near bottomless pit that is my stomach. This afternoon, my quest for a Roast Beef sandwich lead me to Jimmy Johns. And I will resume my search tomorrow, because, frankly, I was far from impressed with JJ's. And almost want my money back. As stated, I wanted roast beef, and when i walked in and looked at the board, saw, what they have dubbed "The Hunter's Club," a sandwich purporting to have 1/4 lb roast beef, lettuce, tomato, mayo, and provolone. Bingo! That's what I wanted, so that's what I ordered. I rounded out my order with the combo, a medium drink and a bag of chips for 2$ more. Total came to 8 bucks and change for what I assumed would be the large. Well, its a one size fits all kinda place. Sandwich was barely larger then your standard medium at any other sandwich shop. Also, it wasn't cut in half, which isn't a big deal, but what I assumed was standard operating procedure for anything larger than a "small" is to cut the damned thing in half so you don't poke someone in the face with the far end of your unwieldy edible. I ripped it in half myself, and when I went to get napkins, well, there weren't any to be seen. Had to ask at the counter for a couple. The girl gave me 1. Anyway, the sandwich. When I ripped it in half, I noticed that there was more lettuce than anything in the sandwich, and when I bit into it, my suspicions were confirmed. I was eating a Lettuce, Tomato, Provolone and Mayo sandwich. Oh, there was roast beef on there, but you could barely tell. I couldn't, to be honest. It was magical, my eye's said "Hey look! Roast Beef! We Have Roastbeef!!!" by my tongue said "WTF Eyes, are you kidding me? There's no roastbeef here! Trust me, i'm swirling around the damn product and can't tell its there! It's a monstrosity of Mayo, Lettuce, more Mayo, and Lettuce, and what I assume to be cheese! You lie, Eyes! You Lie!" Totally dejected and disappointed, I finished my near 9 dollar, 8 inch lettuce sandwich, and delved into the chips. Chips, can't screw those up, right? Right. Well, maybe kinda. JJ has their own house chips, highly reminiscent of the Kettle Chips. Not bad, just really really REALLY salty. Caked in salt. I have no problem with salt, chips should have salt on them. That's fine by me, I enjoy me my salty chips. But this was like a salt lick. I'm sure some people enjoy them, but not my cup of tea. Speaking of cup of tea, that's what I had to drink. Lipton brewed Iced Tea. Best part of the meal, aside from leaving. And determining not to go back. They deliver as well, proudly stating they will deliver even 1 sandwich. Silvermine does it. Cheba Hut does it. Dilly's Deli does it. Congrats, you've joined the guild of delivery sandwich shops, all of whom will deliver 1 sandwich. Come here only if you're a fan of generic, near tasteless food, that's over priced.
3	What a surprise to leave the country for four months with no Jimmy Johns nearby and come back to find several within delivery distance. After leaving the midwest I've occasionally crave Jimmy Johns. It's pretty much the only sandwich shop I enjoy and hell, they will deliver one sandwich. You really cannot do much better. And yes, you can even include sprouts on your sandwich. Yum.I swung by on my way into an afternoon meeting once and was not disappointed in their service, which is on par with my expectations. By the time I ordered my modified sandwich (replacing tomatoes with sprouts) and was given my change, my sandwich was ready and handed to me. Talk about service. You really can't beat it. Pretty good experience aside from the hipster college kid at the counter that commented on how much pink I was wearing and when I replied thank you he looked very confused. He'll need to get used to the pink...I haven't tried this locale's delivery yet, which is the true measurement. Hoping to taste great things from this place whenever I get the JJ craving!
3	Never had Jimmy John's so we thought we would try it. The sandwitches we had were decent. Reminded me of a "down home" sort of sandwitch more than anything else. The meat was a bit better than what I get at subway. The bread was ok. It was filled with a lot of iceburg lettuce and sprouts in my particular sandwitch. I thought the chips were very good. I have to say that the service was great. The sandwitch was made at lightening fast speed. Also, the atmosphere is pretty cool. They deliver too which can be good if you're craving a sandwitch but don't want to leave home. I'd go there again if I was in a hurry.
4	I have to say that today I had a great sandwich. It was much better than subway. It was an italian sub and it was delicious. Perhaps the night staff is more liberal with toppings and meat because this sandwitch was more appropriately filled. Good job!
4	I'm not sure why JJ's is so popular in other parts of the country.  It is just your average sandwich shop.Here is my rundown:* #14 Bootlegger Club = very good and the meat looked to be less processed than some other sandwich places.* Pickle = huge and good* Hot peppers = excellent and they totally made my sandwich.* Chips = very good.  not too oily or salty.I ordered the sandwich "unwich" style where they wrap it in lettuce instead of using bread.  Not many places do this so I was impressed.  It was a bit difficult to eat though.I guess the big thing is that they deliver and are open until 3am.  Not sure I'll take advantage much but it is good to know.Anyway, they do make a pretty solid sandwich.  It was worth the 6 bucks or so.
5	OK so its simple, just subs. No soups, No salads. I like the #1 Pepe.. The meats are fresh, so are the other fixins. This is a no fuss sandwich joint. For those of you complaining, go spend $10-$12 for a "real roast beef" sandwich elsewhere. This is as good as it gets in the Tempe area or any area. Most places have frozen meats (Its a underground "tube" like restaurant) I'm referring to! The chips are good, I like the BBQ ones. The bread is uber fresh. If you want the hassle eat elsewhere. When I'm hungry and want good fresh eats, JJ's is the place! PS Jimmy John, Chandler could use one, either San Tan Village, Chandler Fashion Mall or at Gilbert Crossing at Gilbert & the 202 (san tan)
4	There's no warrant for labeling these sandwiches "gourmet."  There's no fancy mustard, no snooty ingredients like fennel, orange chutney, or aubergine, and no organic/vegan/gluten-free menu.  These are just nice sandwiches made as fast as humanly possible.I ordered and continue to order (hey, I'm a man of habit) the Italian Night Club which is, to my understanding, just every italian sounding cold cut on a bun with shredded lettuce, onion, tomatoe, mayo, oil and vinegar.  Everything's always fresh and it's not too pricey.  Good enough for me.
4	How could a place with such pedestrian ingredients churn out a sandwich of such deliciousness?  If I were to hold a competition for the most exceptional plain sandwich - the sandwich that would be the benchmark for the sandwiches of the world, this would be it.  You're looking at lettuce, tomato, cheese and protein on a roll.  That's it.  Sprouts, mayo and dressing are about as crazy as you're gonna get.  And yet, your roast beef and turkey are tender and well-seasoned, your hero roll pliant and slightly buttery, the absolute perfect amount of lettuce, tomato and sprouts for the perfect crunch.  You're good, Jimmy Johns.  You're surprisingly good.Now given that I have a limited amount of time and stomach space for the foods of the world and that I'm typically looking for exceptional dishes to challenge and grow my palette, it irks me a bit that I would truly love a plain jane sandwich such as this.  And yet, I return for that Hunter's Club time and time again.  Thumbs up - I have no qualms with the simple joys of your menu.
2	well, I'm torn between 2 and 3 stars for this place. I've only ever ordered the "UnWich"--a lettuce wrap that I get filled with turkey, avo', sprouts, onions, hot peppers, and cucumbers. it's frigging delicious, with the vinegary peppers adding the perfect zing to the rest of the 'wich.BUT, and this is a big but--they NEVER get my order right. seriously, I have to watch them assemble this(while they read it off a piece of paper) with hawks' eyes, and remind them that "No, I don't want tomatoes", and "Actually, I ordered cucumber on that". it's a right pain in the arse, to be honest. to top it off, there's at least one guy there with an attitude problem; I'm not rude when it comes to ordering, but this dude gives me stink-eye every time I have to deal with him. whatev.
3	You know, for what it is- this place is pretty good. I'd take it over subway, but barely. The whole wheat bread is awesome though- I've even paid for a few slices to take home once.They do stand out in that they are FAST. No really, like super fast. When I was going to school in Tempe and only had a 30 minute lunch break, I knew I could call ahead while I was getting in my car, and by the time I drove 1.5 miles there, it would be ready and waiting. Beware- during lunch times it can be tricky to find a seat. I wouldn't go out of my way to go there, but when it's around and convenient, it's a good option.
3	I finally got around to trying Jimmy John's tonight. Pretty decent. Someone else said their subs are only a notch above Subway. I see what they mean, but I would say they're at least two or three notches above. Personally, I like toasted subs better, but as far as cold sandwiches go, these were good. Prices were also fair. Where this place really shines is in their delivery. They say they are fast, and that is very true! About 15-20 minutes from order to delivery for me on a Friday night. Their store is close, but not that close---maybe three miles. I'll be ordering from this place again, I am sure.
5	Really enjoyed the Italian Night Club #9. Excellent bread. Everything seems fresh.
5	I was skeptical when I kept hearing how amazing Jimmy John's is.  So I went in, and found my new favorite sandwich spot!  The inside was very noisey, but I liked the atmosphere.  The bread had an awesome fresh taste, and when I inquired about the difference between 2 sandwiches, the cashier was very helpful.
3	The sandwiches here are good. Quick and sleazy. The ingredients are fresh and the sandwiches are pretty cheap. The service is so quick. Once, I ordered and before I even paid, the sandwich was made! :DI actually like this place better than Subway because I feel the ingredients are fresher. Subway is way overprocessed. I had a friend work at Subway and he told me that the bread is delivered to the restaurants as dehydrated sticks. They put them in a rehydrator and that's the bread you get. yech! :P The one thing is that the sandwiches are quite plain. Not a whole lot of flavor out of lettuce, meat, tomatoes, and bread but at least you know everything that is in it. If you're looking for something quick, easy, and fairly healthy I'd go for Jimmy John's.
2	Not impressed. WAY too much mayo... bad bread... overall just not that great.If you want a good sub go to Jersey Mikes - Their subs are amazing!
4	All the buzz is accurate... this is the best chain sub-shop I have ever been to.  It shames places like Subway and Quiznos.  Great freshly-baked bread and just better overall ingredients.
2	I tried this place out because they were popping up everywhere! Well, here it goes... I had the #5 (Vito- The original Italian sub with Genoa salami, provolone, capicola, onion, lettuce, tomato & a real tasty Italian vinaigrette). There was NOTHING special about this sub. It tasted very plain, and I did not feel full or satisfied after eating it. It was an 8" sub. I am 5'3 and weigh 115. I should have been full, right? The bread was cold and there was barely any meat in the sub. In addition to the lack of good food, the dinning area was a MESS! There was food all on the floor and on the tables. I walked around the place twice before I could find napkins. (They were behind the counter where they made the subs.) The worse part though was the crappy music they were playing. It was sooooo LOUD! I sat at the booth against the wall where a speaker was hanging, and I am not joking when I say I could feel the vibration very well. The staff seemed lost too, except their manager who seemed like a meany. In conclusion, don't waste your time or money. For $5 you can probably find something that tastes better and fills you up.
4	I'm giving this a reluctant 4 stars.i am a fan of JJ's. Every location that I have ever been to has served up quality sandwiches....and everyone who knows me, knows that I love a good sandwich.This spot is no different. Great bread, meat and vegetables. Fresh, tasty and delightful. The motto for the chain is "Freaky Fast". Usually, when I make my purchase, my sandwich is ready by the time I put the lid on my cup. This time around, I waited for several minutes. There were no customers ahead of me. No new employees learning how to make sandwiches. Just very slow-paced employees.I'm not upset or angry. It's just not the "freaky fast" service that the other locations have provided. Not to worry. If I am in the area and want a sandwich, I will still come in.JJ, you rock my world.
5	I had never heard about Jimmy John's before coming to Arizona, but now I'm seriously wondering why. For lack of a better explanation, there's something magical about Jimmy John's. The concoctions they come up with are so painfully simple you'll slap yourself in the head and wonder why you can't make it at home. Roast beef, lettuce, provolone and mayo on their french bread. Period. I've been three times and each time I've literally sat and marveled at the sandwiches. That being said, JJ's is not something I'd pass up.
5	This iplace is the best for ordering lunch for an office full of people. They are quick easy and always bring the order perfectly as ordered. As most offices are, everyone can be a little picky at times; no sprouts, no mayo, add cheese, extra lettuce...... ady they get it right every time. They also arive within about 1 minutes of the time I asked them to deliver the food, AND if that all isn't enough, the gal that I orded from today on the phone was just a delight. Made me feel like she wanted my business and I will return manty manty maaanty more times. Thank you!
5	Sandwich was great and made in like two minutes. Super fast. Super good. Super cheap.
2	I don't understand peoples fascination with this place. Yeah they're fast, but they aren't very good. I'd rather wait the whole extra five minutes it would take to make a good sandwich. Having only been once I hope my experience was unusual, but I feel no need to let them redeem themselves when there are plenty of other good, cheap sandwich places.
4	Oh jimmy johns...how I love thee. Let me count the ways...
3	I'm not sure if Jimmy John's has always skimped on the avocados, but I went here and got a veggie sub, which advertised avocado as one of their main ingredients.  After a few bites of my sub, I couldn't taste any avocado so I peeled open the sub and peered inside.  I couldn't find any avocado looking stuff in there whatsoever.  So, I went to the counter to ask the sandwich maker to put some avocado in it.  He explained that they put the avocado paste in between the cheese, and they measure out 1 tsp each.  1 tsp each?  This sub is the same price with the same veggie ingredients as a meaty sub, but they can't put in more avocado?  The sub itself tasted OK, but I was just miffed at their parsimonious ways, since you can hardly taste anything in just 1 tsp of veggie ingredient.  It seems like they just add avocado to the sub just so it sounds better on the billboard ingredient list, and then skimp on the ingredient to save money.
2	I have eaten her only a couple of time and today I was not too impressed.  I felt rushed and the sandwich was not too tasty.  It was a little bland.  I added some hot peppers after a few bites to give it some taste.
1	I was blown away by my experience at this Jimmy John's.  The staff was BEYOND LAZY, sitting on the counter arguing over who would assist me.  I was the only person in the restaurant when a young girl (apprx 16 years old) came in and dropped off an application.  The staff then, in front of me, read over her application, made a few sexual jokes and discussed where she lived.  Sorry, but the sandwich will not make up for that!
2	Sorry Jimmy but you lost three stars. Your sandwiches are alright but since you raised your prices ($1.50 per sandwich and now $1 PER item to deliver) we no longer care to order from you. Yes you are super fast, but I would rather wait the extra time from someone else then pay $10 plus delivery AND plus tip for a sub par sammy.
4	I went here for lunch before seeing a movie. After looking at the menu for a bit, I decided to get the Gargantuan since I was very hungry. Once I got my sandwich I was very happy to see that it was fully loaded. When it comes to sub sandwiches, I devour them, but I had to take a break about 3/4 the way through. I eventually finished it with time to spare to see my movie and was very happy with it. I'll be back.
4	Everything is always great but they forgot or ran out of sprouts for my  beach club when I had it delivered.
1	Yet another horrible experience. 7 grain bread was soggy and undercooked. A few weeks ago the tuna was missing from the sandwich. And it's only this location.
5	Tried the #12 Beach Club unwich EZ-mayo EZ-cheese and it was great! I usually get the sandwich with white bread, but I think the freshness was worth the slightly messy guac (which by the way, I can't get enough of). :)
3	Pretty average as usual for this place. The bread and veggies are always fresh and since I never get their substandard meat products, this is all I know about Jimmy John. I will say that they crunchy BBQ potato chips were clearly the best part of the sandwich. Avocado spread is an interesting invention, but maybe Jimmy can afford some real avocado's in the future?
5	This location is great. I ordered a Vito sandwich via phone at 11:55 am for delivery and my sandwich was in my hands by 12:03 pm . Amazing delivery service and supreme tasting gourmet sub. Thanks jimmy johns
4	Love that I can order online.  They ARE freaky fast.  Can order online quick and easy.  Good job, Jimmy Johns!
2	I ordered a SUB sandwich and got a CLUB sandwich online, didn't notice till I got to work. Guess I'll stick with Mr. Goodcents subs...
