3	Located right next to the movie theater, which is good & bad. When the movie theater is crowded this tiny place, which is smaller than any cold stone I've ever been too, is spilling over with people waiting in line.  The ice cream is as good as it is at any Cold Stone.
3	I'm a SoCal guy! I like Thrifty Ice Cream, Carnation, or Baskin Robins! Never been a huge fan of Cold Stone! I am glad they open one up by the theater! More business, more things for the locals. I like the idea on how they serve their ice cream! I just don't like their ice cream! Just doesn't do anything for me? But I'll keep on trying different things until I find something.
1	Got the kids together to go out for Ice cream.. what a disappointment! Walked in and all of the ice cream was melted to the point of foamy on top. I asked the clerk about it and he informed me that the freezer had broken earlier and now working again.. I asked if he would be willing to pull fresh frozen ice cream out for our order and he gave me a big sigh.Those ice creams should have been dumped and replaced immediately upon melting. Instead it was as if they were trying to "refreeze" them.. it was separated and foamy. Disgusting!Needless to say.. we settled for hot fudge sundaes from mc d's.
4	I like that they always have a sorbet option & that it changes often :)I know it's not health food, but when I'm trying to be good, this is a better 'cheat' than the chocolate ice cream with brownie, chocolate chips and chocolate sauce :DToday I had the strawberry mango sorbet. I had them mix in black berries, pineapple & crushed almonds. The result was pretty amazing, if I do say so myself! The service was friendly. They've added a few more tables and chairs, so we had more seating options. Always a plus!
5	I have been to this location a lot and have never had any problems. It is a good ice cream store.
3	3 stars is gracious.  Service was okay gal behind the counter could have had better customer skills and they were out of basic toppings. We will try a different location.
5	Christian and Co are fantastic. We've been regulars since 2009 and drove from Wickenburg. Best service of all the CS we have frequented in WI and AZ
