3	Happy to see Les Enfants Terrible on Nuns Island. The salmon tartar was delicious. Service is a little bit slow and the bread never made it to our table. I would definitely sit on the bar next time and experiment with a cocktail .
2	Enjoyed Sunday brunch. Decor is great and love the bar area. The menu is nothing out of the ordinary and a bit pricey but you are paying for location and decor.Staff is young and lacks experience but friendly and amiable.Can't wait to try the terrace this summer.
3	Les Enfants Terribles at its core is a great restaurant. The menu is nicely varied, the food is delicious...when it arrives at a reasonable time and in the correct order. I've had great and mediocre experiences here, mostly around the services unfortunately. Its either the food arrives way too late, the order is wrong or the waiter/waitress is so-so on the professional side. That being said when it works, it works very well. Worth a shot, especially in summer with that fantastic view and great terrace.
4	I really like this restaurant.The first time I cane here was after biking for 2 and a half hours (juice fasts make you really energized!), and reaching somewhat of a dead end on our little escapade. Les Enfants Terribles was right in front of us, and after remembering all the good things I'd been told about it, we decided to pop in for dinner. Now, having been on a juice fast, I could only really have soup, so I ordered a bowl of the carrot ginger soup. OhMyGoodnessis all I can really say. It was like an oral explosion (ha.ha) happening with every mouthful I had of that delicious soup. I ended up ordering 2 or 3 more bowls (The waiters thought I was insane), but it was really the most amazing soup I've ever had. Fast forward to 5 months later, I popped in again for some solid food this time, and ordered the salmon tartare. It was quite good but..not as good as Marche 27 tartare.. Also, having been dreaming of their soup for months, I took a chance and ordered their leek soup of the day - again, absolutely phenomenal...For dessert, I had the mini pudding chomeur which was very good (very rich).Overall, the food and the cocktail (something watermelony) were good. I'd definitely come back to try something else off the menu (and have another soup of the day!).
2	The food that we had was good - the bavette was cooked very very nicely but the fries that were served with it were obviously cooked in a "past its prime" oil. The most disappointing part of the evening was the wait staff. It started with the fact that when we arrived with a reservation for 3, we had to stand beside while they pulled the tables together ... there was only 10 other clients in the entire resto. Told the waiter that we would share a large salad - he forgot to bring an extra plate. With the main course asked for mayo for the fries - only to be told that it was on my plate ... which it was not. oppps. Considering the price for the dinner they need to make a quantum leap forward in the level of service they provide - the staff needs major training. I will wait a year or so before I go back.
5	My first time at LET and I will definitely be going back.  The occasion was a family birthday, and everything we ordered was delicious.  The service was prompt and attentive, great cocktails, warm atmosphere without being overly loud, and the food was delicious!I would especially recommend the beet salad and poudding chomeur!
3	This is one of the few quality restaurants on Nun's Island. I like the location, the ample parking and the atmosphere of the restaurant. I have gone on several occasions, and while the first months were rocky terms of service and food quality, it seems to have improved. I don't find it particularly child friendly, though they do have high chairs there, it's more of the +18 crowd. The food is better at the Bernard location, but I hope it will get better as they settle in.
3	I have walked by this restaurant many times and have always wanted to give it a shot and last night I finally made it a reality. It has a very nice decor and a beautiful sidewalk terrace. Although I had not made a reservation I was lucky enough to get a table. I was greeted very politely by the hostess and received a nice table on the sidewalk terrace. My waitress was very friendly and seemed to be very accessible throughout my dining experience. I ordered the half portion Mac and cheese as a starter and a beef burger as my main. I have to say both my dishes tasted great. The only complaint I had about this restaurant was that I had to wait 45 minutes to receive my meal. It really spoiled my whole meal as I kind of lost my appetite while waiting for my meal. If only my meal came within a reasonable timeframe I would be really happy with this restaurant however it didn't and I wasn't offered any sort of compensation nor an apology.  Hopefully if you give this restaurant a chance you won't have to go through the same experience as I did.
4	Probably one of my favourite spot to brunch on nuns island--let me know through a PM if you can change my mind about it with other suggestions.Okay, so what is Les Enfants Terribles ? To me it's a mix of French Canadian cuisine with an aroma of French and American flavours. Their brunches are excellent and affordable --think about 12-18$ price range. Portions are not too small or big , but it should feed one's tummy quite easily. Nonetheless , you don't go there for the portion , but for the quality. I believe that the food is yummy and if you are not satisfied with one thing --please let the head of the waiting staff know about it he will fix it or change it in no time according to my previous experience . Yes , their customer service is AMAZING. Service is fast and efficient , I also think the same for their takeout service --takes approximately 15-20 mins to get 4 orders for lunch so for whoever is in a rush , you won't be disappointed.Anyway, regarding the food , I can only speak for brunch or lunch as I havnt not tried the dinner , please do take into consideration les enfants terribles as a choice , I don't think one can be disappointed. Also , don't forget to take the ORANGE JUICE --so sweet and tasty and I think you just won't get enough about it and you will crave it as soon as you walk away .
2	Sadly this one keeps on disapointing me. I will say their brunches are OK, but the lunch/dinner menu is an absolute no go. Akward combinations, decieving executions and overpriced all the way. Which is too bad, since the decor is lovely and the staff is always very kind.
4	Had a dinner at LET between Christmas an New Years, an evening of a day after. I was in the mood for comfort food: a beer, a green salad, and a plate of spaghetti. Everything hit the mark on that evening. If you don't enjoy the taste of sun-dried tomatoes, don't order the spaghetti. Also it comes with a cylinder of unripened cheese on top that didn't add to the dish. The atmosphere is warm, even if you have to sit on wooden school chairs. The service has improved over the last six months. Arriving early and getting ahead of the 7 o'clock rush is a good idea. It's a bit pricey for a plate of pasta, but other menu items have a better price to value ratio.
