5	Borders Bookstore - Eight reasons why you are better than Barnes and Noble: 1. You have a free rewards program (unlike BnN where one pays $25 a year to reap rewards.) 2. You email me 30 and 40% off coupons every week (just a sweet perk from the FREE reward program.) 3. You carry Seattle's Best in your cafe (and don't sell out to capitalist pigs like Starbucks.) 4. You have TONS of buy 1 get 1 free coupons at the register (for a 16 or 20 oz. cup of Seattle's Best coffee.) 5. You have the best bargain bin around (I walked out of there with $40 worth in books for only $18. And they are actually interesting!!) 6. You have a superb and interesting stationary section (where else can you find pirate erasers for $3 and sealing wax?) 7. Your foreign film section is GOOD! (They stock modern films from other countries at a decent price.) 8. If you don't have something I can order it without additional charge (and it comes in promptly!)
3	Poor selection compared to other Borders in town (Biltmore, for example) and some sections are downright miniscule compared to the average for Borders and B&N.  Decent location here on Bell, and magazine selection could use some improvement also.  Not enough chairs throughout the store for longer browsing sessions.
1	There are so many reasons why I have issues with Borders but I will just name a few. 1. When it comes to movies & music they are way overpriced. Why would I spend $10 to $15 more on something I can pick up at any other store?! 2. Special orders can take a couple months to get there. I ordered some books from this location on two different occasions. One month passed, nothing. Two months passed, nothing. On the third month I checked with them, still nothing. They told me one of them had to be reordered & the other was extremely difficult to get. But they will call me when it's in. I went to Barnes & Noble up the street. Ordered them & had them in my hands by the weekend. That was 4 months ago. Guess who still hasn't called?3. Finally, and this is a big one to me, they destroy there own books & still expect people to buy them. What I'm refering to is the security tags. I've found books with the tags stuck right on the pages covering words or on graphic novels, stuck to the drawings. When asked about this, the employees respond in a rude tone about it being easy to remove(the hell it is) & it's the only way to prevent shoplifting(no it's not)! I worked in loss prevention for many years & that's just lazy talk. Both me & my father have purchased books that have been ruined by a tag that could of been put on the back of the inside cover.This happens at all Borders books, & music, but since this was the one I had shopped at, it got my review. I will shop elsewhere.
1	Currently having a liquidation sale, but it's not really worth the trip.  I found that most books were cheaper at Amazon then the sale price.  A few were even cheaper at Barnes and Noble then the liquidation sale price!  Which just made me say to myself well that's probably why you're going out of business try some competitive pricing!  The place is an absolute disaster they've moved a lot so the sales staff doesn't even know where everything is.  Also the place just smells dirty and old, it's very unwelcoming.  It's really no surprise to me they couldn't get customers before.
