3	Being a student in Edinburgh, I have lots of studenty friends who are in various bands. GRV seems to be one of the prime gig venues for said bands, so I have spent many a night here at many a terrible gig.There seems to be always something going on here in a variety of genres, so it is worth checking out if you are looking for something ti pass the time. The venue itself is quite dark, and as Alice said- sweaty. It basically turns into an oven when it gets busy. It's fine to go to for gigs, but I'm not sure I would make GRV part of my regular night out.
4	I've been here twice under very different curcumstances.The first was for a poncy art exhibition thing that was being shown as part of my degree course in a small room upstairs and off from the main area of this place, which I didnt really see much of. My second time in here was for agig my friend was supporting - it was boiling. I literally couldnt move for the vasts amount of people at the bar trying to replace thier vital fluids. In general though, the night was really good - i had a laugh and felt that everybody else was having a good time too.This place also does club nights, and while I havnt been personally, my friends often go on and on about how good a night it is. Theres always something a bit different going on here, so give it a try.
4	The GRV is a brill place to go if you want to feel very, very cool, even if inside you cry with confusion when Vogue tell you to mix floral with military, and you still have a pair of Kickers in your wardrobe. If this is the case, and you want things to change, and your dream is for people in the street to approach you and ask where you got your clothes from, don't hire an expensive stylist, come here for a free education on what the height of eclectic fashion and coolness is.The GRV is a regular haunt for Edinburgh College of Art students, who always seem to be dressed head to toe in something ridiculously cool that looks like it required no effort to put together. The vibe here is laid back and on trend, and some of the edgiest DJs and bands on the Edinburgh scene perform in the back room, which adjoins the awesomely lit and recently refurbished main bar. If you want to attend a club night that's a bit different from the rest, veer off Chambers Street and seek out the alleyway that houses this very cool little joint.
3	Grotty, smelly and kinda cool. It's a very indie/edgy mix so I'm not sure what to think of the GRV!  It showcases all the latest bands and is a great venue for events etc, but it reeks of the sticky, smelly student pub which we all have learnt to love, right?
