4	It's not the best sports bar in Madison but it has great drink prices, good bar food, and tons of tv's.  That along with a good feel to it like your local watering hole should makes it almost a 5-star for me.
3	Beware the 2-for-1 Long Islands-night!  They've created many horror stories among me and my friends.  They're not 1/2-priced, mind you--you'll get two when you order one!  Hold on, it'll be a bumpy ride.  ;)It's divey in a douchey way, but I'm not horrified by it.  It's good for cheap beers, especially if you get a booth before it gets too crowded.
2	Jordan's Big Ten Pub,This place is only in business because of it proximity to Camp Randall. It is a drive that pretends to be a sports bar, but fails miserably.  I have insider info, that many of these game day bars pull in enough money on six football Saturdays to cover their year. I believe it.It place also has dollar beer night that can entice people from the other end of town. If it is not Thursday, or a game day, I can't recommend it at all.Burgers booze and brats.Big Ten Football dominates.Early morning drinks.Talent Level ? I haven't found any yet.
4	I haven't been here for a game -- my routine is to tailgate on Lathrop and stumble to the Stadium Bar to watch the game -- but I have been here a couple times for lunch and enjoyed it.The food is actually really, really good and the service was very friendly.I'm not sure what they did to spoil Keith Charles' experience, maybe being from southern Cali he's just out of touch with Wisconsin, whatever the case may be I think his two star rating was overly harsh. It's no 5-star sports bar, but it's certainly no 2-star dive either.Between the truly spectacular, albeit traditional, bar food and their great list of beers, this is a great place to belly up and enjoy the company of your crew.
4	I was extremely nervous to try Jordan's Big Ten Pub, especially on such a sacred evening as Friday night fish fry. Turns out my worries were for naught; the BTP is s-o-l-i-d SOLID, and well worth a visit.We arrived at 4:30pm on Friday night, and the place was packed. We found a seat at the bar and were immediately greeted and helped by a friendly bartender. Happy hour runs from 3-6pm, and features $2 taps. Excellent.We scouted the place looking for an empty table. BTP doesn't take reservations and there isn't a hostess anywhere... It's first come, first served.  After about 45 minutes we were seated in a cozy booth; a waitress quickly appeared to refresh our drinks.Curds were first up. Battered, obviously homemade, and delicious. The best we've had to date.Salads arrived minutes later; a bit "bitter" but tasty nonetheless. Cherry tomatoes and cukes were fresh and flavorful.Fish followed and did not disappoint. It's not all you can eat, but portions were decent. We tried lake perch: breaded and delightful; Cajun grilled walleye: flaky, fresh, and just barely greasy; and beer battered cod: not quite as good as The Avenue bar, but very good. Fillets were large and thin.Sides included deliciously battered onion rings and decent potato pancakes. Not as good as the cakes from Nite Cap in Palmyra, but solid. Applesauce was chunky and fresh.The highlight? Without a doubt it was the Whiskey Old Fashioned Sour. The best ever.Ratings:Food: 4 starsService: 4 starsValue: 4.5 stars (food and drinks = $45)Definitely a great experience.
4	Okay, here's a review that I've been putting off for a couple of years now.  Not because I couldn't find the perfect words.. just plain complacency on my part..  Fortunately I have a wicked good memory when it comes to good burgers so I can recall enough to FINALLY do this review and get it out of my "Bookmarks."  First off it's near the UW campus....The other UW (Wisconsin)....The atmosphere was your typical college campus pub, TV's and UW paraphernalia all over the place etc...and your typical Pub faire and of course BEER!  The menu was huge, from what I can remember anyways, with lotsa choices.....good for the drunk college student who can't make up their mind.Portions, were just as big!  Good for the college student who  brings a friend who ran out of money because he/she spent it all on beer and doesn't have money to buy their own food.   Mound-o-fries and a decent sized burger made w/Wisconsin grown beef.  I remember that because I almost didn't finish it and was considering taking the rest of it back to Washington with me along with the huge-ass steak I couldn't finish the night before.....I sucked it up though and finished it washing it down with a bottle of Bud-light.  Now I don't know what the place is like on a Friday night or Game day because I was there for lunch with some business associates, but it was a comfortable place, the kind of place that if it was at the UW.....our UW (Washington), I'd probably frequent it, and the burger that I ordered would be my regular thing.So to all you Bucky Badgers!  Ya got a good place going here....sorry about the NCAA tourny BTW...I was rootin' for y'all.
5	Great food, great drinks, and the price is right.  Go see Kim.  She's a sweetheart.  I highly recommend Jordans for a good time.
5	Went here with a group of friends on a Monday and was very pleased.They had $1 rail mixers, which was full of win.  Usually cheap drinks mean little liquor and lots of soda.This was definitely not the case, each drink was at least 1/2 liquor or 3/4 liquor and a splash of soda.  It makes me wish that I had Tuesday off because for 6-7 bucks you could have a hell of a good time.Would definitely recommend this to anyone looking to have a fun time on a Monday night or just tip back a few with some good company.The only thing I can't comment on is the food, although I've heard a lot of good things and wouldn't mind going back on a Monday to get some grub and then some drinks.
4	Went there for the fish fry... Go... That is all...
4	I should start by saying, I don't typically care for sports bars. The food is decent, they have some games in the back, but the real reason for me to come here is the tap selection (and it's around the corner). They always have a good selection of local and regional brews (typically something from bell's, capital, lake louie, new glarus, etc. on tap and more in bottles). Oh yea, and the bus to the Kohl Center events (like basketball) comes in handy too...
3	I have lived in Madison, Wisconsin for many years, and had never even "noticed" the Big Ten Pub.  Driving by one Friday early evening my wife and I stopped in.  Very busy.  Very noisy.  EXTREMELY pleasant and helpful wait staff.  The chicken chili is the berst I've ever enjoyed.  Fish fry was very well done, and the potato pancakes were exceptional.  There is one turn-off however that may prevent from going back - -it may be a "small thing," but to me it is important.  I have never, EVER been in a restaurant that made a charge for an extra small cup of tartar sauce, or sour cream.  NEVER! That says a lot to me about "attitude" - -my server explained as best he could, and I recognize it is not the server's fault.  It seems to me that the owner -- "Jordan" - -or management should IMMEDIATELY provide someone spending a minimum of $30-$40 per couple with an extra doo-dad or these sauces without charge and without question!  I run a business, and I've found that if I did something like this my clientele/customers would be rightfully outraged.  Good place, but this bothers me greatly.Ray from Madison
5	Jordan's Big Ten Pub is hands down the best sports pub on campus.  I have been here several times to eat and the food is always fantastic!  My favorite is the jerk chicken sandwich. A must try if you like spicy! The staff is always very friendly!  Great place for a game...or to just grab a drink and great food with a friend.
4	Our favorite fish fry.  The friday fish fry menu has a lot of selections including non-fried options.  Great potato choices including yummy potato pancakes and baked potatoes that are actually baked in an oven.  The portions are huge and the price is a real bargain.Try the mango vinaigrette on your salad.  Its awesome.The service is excellent.  You have multiple waiters/waitresses so you never wait for anything.  Its really a great way to do things, especially when its packed.They also have a very nice selection of beers on tap.
5	The fried cod, potato pancakes, and clam chowder was some if the best I've had.  And the price was extremely reasonable.  I'm looking forward to going here again.
4	Food was great, huge portions and wonderful service!!! They make their own creamy parmesan basil ranch sauce for the wedges ,, a must try!!
4	Do not let the location down the street from Camp Randall or that it's a sports bar fool you, this place is wonderful. The first thing you need to know is that they have an amazing beer selection - both tap and bottle. It's constantly rotating - make sure you stop and check the chalk board inside the door to see what the new options are. They have Strongbow in cans, as well, which I love. They are always perfectly staffed - multiple people stop by the table, make sure you have a full beer and generally ensure you're good to go.But the food is also pretty great. The menu is fairly expansive and there are always 5 or so specials of the day. The menu is mostly sandwiches and burgers, but the specials run the gamut from jambalaya or Cajun pasta to steak. The specials are always way more "gourmet" than your standard bar food. I love that the chef isn't content with putting out burger after burger and stretches the box with options. The menu has every type of sandwich, chicken sandwich, burger and panini you could want, plus a great list of appetizers. The nachos could feed 3 for dinner.I love the BLT Club - it's great, standard, yummy comfort food. Always add the specialty fries - well worth the upgrade. And if any of that wasn't enough, they offer a free shuttle bus to and from the Kohl Center for events. We use it for Badger Hockey and it couldn't be better. They run 3 buses prior to the game at an hour and half hour before game time and a last one right at puck drop. Coming back, they're waiting out front and get you back to the bar and your car. No more waiting for parking or walking in the freezing Wisconsin winter. It's so convenient. They also let you take your beer on the bus. So glad someone pointed us in their direction.
4	This has become a favorite haunt of mine in my time as a UW student - this is one of my first suggestions when someone is looking for an easy, no-fuss place to get something to eat. This place gets pretty busy before Badger home games - football, men's basketball and hockey. The restaurant sets up a tailgate in their parking lot prior to home games at Camp Randall that's worth a stop. Yes, it's the usual brats and burgers type situation, but the beer selection is markedly better than any other tailgate you'll find on Regent. This is true for the rest of the year, too - the Big Ten has a great selection of beer on tap and in bottles. I love that they've always got something new to try, too. The bartenders are knowledgeable about what's in stock and always have great recommendations. As for the food - I've always been pretty pleased with my order. The Big Ten has osme interesting french fry selections, but they're sold a la carte. I've never really understood this menu arrangement, but they're delicious and worth the upgrade. I'm partial to the sweet potato fries with a raspberry dipping sauce, but many of my friends are hardcore wedge fry fans. The sandwiches, burgers, and fish fries are the stars on the rest of the menu. I've ordered the Turkey Reuben and Bacon Ranch Burger over and over and over again. The Friday Fish Fry is wildly popular with families and the community - plan to wait if you want to try and get a table around the dinner hour on Friday night. I'm always amazed at the size of the fish fry - as in, full length fillets of walleye on your plate. One of the best fish fries I've ever had -- and I'm a life long Wisconsinite.
5	Absolutely outstanding.  Food is always very good and the service is outstanding.  They make an extraordinary effort in terms of service, it is clearly part of their business model for success.  Do not let the fact that this seems like a college bar fool you.  It is a great place for lunch or Friday fish fry, and absolutely family friendly.Best Friday fish menu and food in Madison.  Options include lightly breaded lake perch & cod, grilled walleye prepared two ways, and salmon.  Incredible potato pancakes if you desire, and a tremendous new england clam chowder.  You will never get a clam chowder with more full sized clams, anywhere.  Just try it once and see for yourself.  No reservations and they don't take your name, you just stand around and wait for a table to open. The system works really well, and people acknowledge and respect the order you came into the restaurant.   By the way, never park in the small lot, it is a pain.. Just park on the street.
4	You are wrong if you think that this pub is only surviving on it's proximity to the football stadium.  We stopped here on Easter weekend.  There was no football crowd around and the Master's Golf Tournament was on the TV.  This pub could survive in any of the suburbs of Minneapolis.  The beer menu was large enough to be overwhelming.  I found two good ones that served me well.  The food was excellent.  I had a cajun burger with sweet potato fries and my lovely bride had a chicken cordon bleu that she raved over.  Servers were very friendly.
4	Good prices, low key atmosphere.  Homemade chips are very addicting!  Try the Jordan burger, it's absolutely my fav.  Great for lunch.  Overall the best bar food in Madison.  Can be really crowded for games and the parking is mostly street.  Also great Friday fish fry.
4	Holy christ, this place was packed for the Badgers! It wasn't easy to get around, but the staff manning the drink and food counters were quick and friendly. Pricing was really good for the location and game time, and the food was pretty decent, too. I'd like to check this place on another night just to see what a normal crowd is like.
5	Big Ten has consistently good food. Good burgers, fish fry, etc. I've never had room for dessert, but I've heard their desserts are great. Their staff is also amazingly friendly! This is the type of place that really feels homegrown. I was glad I lived near Big Ten while in college. It was especially nice during the winter when we wanted to go out, but didn't want to walk far.This place is also excellent for getting a drink. They have a mixture of taps from both Wisconsin and around the country...oh, and domestics too. Drink specials are good too.
4	This place rocks, BIG TIME!I used to come here at least once a week when I lived about 4 blocks away. Once I moved, I didn't really ever go back. It's kinda sad, because in the last month I've been back three times and I've totally been missing out.That was 3 years ago and their menu and cooks, I think, have changed for the better. The food is really quite good for a bar and the portions are enormous. Prices are super reasonable. I recommend the fried chicken sandwich, it's unhealthy, but it's bar food.  The service has always been extremely attentive and friendly. Also, one good thing about this place is that they have consistantly carded me through the years even last week and I'm 33. This is good because it keeps out the unwanted young crowd of which I was once a part of.They also have very cheap nightly drink specials.Keeping in mind that it's a sports bar, it has a very solid 4 Stars.Hooray!
4	I work close to Jordan's, so I eat there at least once a month for lunch.I recommend going there on a Friday and getting the fish fry with clam chowder soup! Some of the best clam chowder soup I have ever had. Great!This place is fairly priced and is usually pretty popular for lunch. Service is good, and food always comes out hot.A overall great UW atmosphere. Packed for UW games and events!I have also tried sandwiches, the burgers, and chicken strips. All great. I have ordered fries, onion rings, and homemade chip's complaints. They have some parking, just watch out pulling in, the driveway is higher than the road and I have seen at least 10 cars on different occasions pull in and crack their bumper or scrape up the bottom of their cars.
5	In search of a Fish Fry, we found Jordan's Big Ten Pub and soon learned that this establishment offers so much more then any review could ever describe.  The fish fry was awesome.  I can't really say if it was the "best" I had ever had being that I opted to order the Cajun baked Walleye (which I've never even seen offered at any other fish fry). This place makes all of their own salad dressings and the chipotle vinaigrette should be bottled and sold.  I would buy the first case. They also make their own salsa - which was a perfect medium spiciness. Dessert were fresh made cupcakes - Side car cupcake, mojito cupcake, and a brandy old fashion cup cake. I'm not into desserts that much, but my dinner date loved these.Finally, the bartenders.  They were awesome.  Heavy handed and knowledgeable, what more do you want?
5	My friend and I are regulars at Jordan's for games.  Awesome place to watch if you are a Badgers or Packers fan, and even if not the crowds are still tolerant in a fun way.  (A Vikings fan was booed, but not in a mean way.)  Plenty of TV's.Food is very good pub food - burgers, chips, some of the best nachos in town as they melt the cheese at the halfway full point and then again on top.  REALLY amazing considering they have such a small kitchen.But the service is really the story here.  They have plenty of servers on staff and they are really attentive and friendly.  And their prize drawings are a hoot.  Stop by for a game and you will be hooked.
5	Holy po' boy!  I was not expecting to get a slammin' po' boy in the middle of Wisconsin. Yowza.  The shrimp was battered in a spice mixture that packed a punch that really woke up your taste buds.  With the tangy and hot sauce drizzled on top, I was one happy shrimp-a-holic.  My side: the salad.  I know, sounds boring...but it wasn't! There were at least 4 different kinds of lettuce, cutie little half cherry tomatoes, and cucumber slices the size of a small hockey puck.  And the ambiance!  Loves it.  Our "University of Michigan" crew gathered on Saturday night to watch the basketball game and had 3 televisions to ourselves in our hella big booth.  Our waitress was super funny and great to have.  Mission: come back on Friday.  Apparently they throw some fish around like woah.
4	So far this is the best fish fry I have had in Madison.  One of the main reasons is the options with the "fry".  They actually have two non-fried options which is nice.  BTW, as an east coast guy and  I can't believe I am saying this, but the clam chowder is smashing.  Once of the best I have ever had.  Hearty with massive chunks of clam.  If you are looking for a solid friday night FF, this is a great choice.
3	We went there for Friday fish fry- the bluegill was good, but the perch lacked seasoning. Potato pancakes were very good and the tarter sauce was different but also very good. Chicken chili was excellent - sweet and spicy, but not too much of either. Service was also very good,
4	Go for Friday night fish fry - it's awesome.  Good beer selection too, and the wait staff is very friendly.
5	My friends are regulars at BTP and as such, introduced me to the fact that Big 10 is more than just a great sports bar, they are a great place for food!  I've never had a bad experience with their menu but this Friday was the first time we were there specifically for the fish fry.   The place was packed with the Wisconsin Boys High School Basketball championship games going on at the Kohl's center, even the back bar was open.  Yet we still got a table, we had impeccable service and the food was outstanding.I was with a group of six and we had the shrimp, the blackened baked walleye and the beer battered cod.  Nothing but praises from the group.  I personally had the cod and their batter is mouth watering beer batter at its best.  Not greasy, crispy and just simply delicious.  The onion rings and fries were great too.  BTP will continue to be a favorite of mine for sporting events and just a good quick meal and a drink with friends but now it gets added to the best Fish Fry list as well!
2	Came in on a slow summer night and it was hotter in here than it was outside. Bugs were flying around everywhere. The beer selection was unimpressive, and the whole place just felt sticky and dirty.The bartender, however, was friendly and especially accommodating considering I had a friend who couldn't speak English trying to place an order.Get a better air conditioner in here, and hire a janitor to mop the floor already.
5	Descriptive phrase: Regent Street's neighborhood bar.Jordan's Big Ten Pub will always hold a special place in my heart, and my gut. I've been here more times than I could count over the years. It's an unassuming bar from the street, but it's pretty large inside and holds prime real estate.Friday fish frys are great, pub food is standard, and I'm partial to their chili. The clientele can vary greatly day to day, even hour to hour. Weekends can be packed with the boomers reliving their Badger glory days, weeknights see college kids throwing them back, and football gamedays...try to smoosh in the parking lot through the thousands of other people there.The bartenders are always friendly and accomodating, and are eager to get on a first-name basis for regulars. The beer is always cheap and the other specials are worthwhile. There are TV's everywhere, even in some booths. I love that they have a small pool table ($1.50) and two dart boards ($1/person). Jordan's is exactly what a bar should be: inviting, friendly, and cheap. Is it a destination bar? No. But if you're a local and want a place to hang out with friends, Jordan's has you covered. Hands down my favorite bar in Madison.
4	I've been here for many Sunday football games, and a handful of times for lunch. The food is always pretty much a notch or two above what you'd expect at a college-town sports bar. The blackened ribbeye is always great-- so is the Buffalo Chicken sandwich. I can't NOT get Brocolli-Cheese bites, either. There are decent drink specials on Sundays, and it's a great place to watch football all day, with friendly bartenders and servers and a nice general atmosphere.A few years ago, they seemed to cater pretty strongly to Bears fans, with the games on in the back room. It was pretty great. Recently, however, unless the Packers are on a bye, there is only one (or maybe two) TVs turned to the Bears, and there are a lot less Bears fans around. All in all, this is a really solid joint. It's the kind of sports bars that fake chain sports bars try to pretend to be. Know what I mean?
2	Came here to watch Game 4 of the NBA Finals. Let me dispel any misconceptions about Jordan's. The food is okay, borderline meh. The TVs are small, but there are a bunch by the bar. The beer selection is decent, and some of the games are broken. Despite some of its shortcomings, this place makes for a decent spot to catch a game, knock back a few beers, and play some darts or pool. If you have the time to eat beforehand, do that, because the entree items left a bit to be desired. We struck up a conversation with the bartenders and they were pretty fun to bullshit with. Will look elsewhere to see if better options exist next time.
5	Ok I have not been there in a few years( since i moved away) but this is the best ever and I miss it terribly. Oh and the food rocks.
3	This place is a Madison game day staple. The only problem is that this is the case for hundreds of people (and that may be modest). If you are into ass to elbow people, but an incredibly good time, this is the spot for you!
4	Solid place with a great selection of beers.  TV's everywhere  with a game of some kind on (Even some of the booths have them).  Watched my broncos play there; I'm sure its a blast when the Packers games are on.  Go for the fish fry on Fridays.  The clam chowder is a solid choice.  Only complaint was the wait staff was almost too attentive (come by too often to ask if you need anything) which can get a little annoying but is far better than having a non-attentive staff.  Will definitely go back.
5	If I'm in the mood to go to a sports bar this is definitely my first choice in Madison!
5	WARNING! DO NOT MAKE THE SAME MISTAKE I DID!!!!For years I have driven by only thinking it is a great place to visit on game day. Probably full of college kids the rest of the time. Boy was I wrong, well kind of. It is a great place on any game day and I am sure college kids are here but it is an AWESOME stop for food. Had dinner here last night 3 different apps, 3 different sandwiches and a dessert to die for! All were wonderful. Had to stop back for lunch today. Jambalya is a Wednesday special. OMG is is spectacular. Years I have driven by and not even thought twice about eating here. All those wasted meals I have missed out on! Don't fall into my trap STOP IN! Try the food it is awesome. As far as the staff go read the reviews they are as good as reviewed if not better.
5	It's about time I chime in on this kickin' Pub. This is The Pub, done right. It's big, it can handle large groups, the food is excellent and plentiful, happy hour rocks and there are plenty of big screens for viewing whatever sportsball you like. It's so excellent, when my daughter, S.I.L  and grandkids were in town recently, she wanted a brat, he wanted onion rings and the bobs wanted anything fried so ... in we went for an early lunch. They have a great kids menu, one of my 3yo g'kids loves olives and after eating the olives from both Bloody Marys, the waitress brought him a little cup with several more.JBTP is near where I work and many work-related after work get togethers are here. They've never let us down. Note that on Game Days, it's a mob scene but, what isn't on Regent on Game Days.
5	Wonderful food, great service, reasonable pricing. A perfect 10. I Had the avocado wrap w sweet potato fries @nd an Alaskan Amber beer to compliment this scrumptious dish. *Yum*
5	Okay, I'm a little biased here.I go to Jordan's at least twice a week. It's a great place to get a quick lunch (right around the corner from my office), or have an after-work beer... or just stay there all night and get drunk on their home-made long island ice teas.1) The Legend is the most friendly server I've ever met. He's nice, always happy to see his regular customers, and has never made a bad recommendation.2) Keesha is another super friendly, always smiling server. She never says no to a special order.3) Collin makes infused vodka and really great specialty cocktails. Also very nice. I see him at Indie coffee before work every once in a while.4) All the Jennifers - also very friendly, always alert, and pays attention to empty drink glasses.5) EVERYONE ELSE that works there. I think it's because they all look like they enjoy working there. It makes me and my crowd feel welcome. Of course, they make sure others are enjoying their time there too, so they tell us to quite down before we make anyone too upset. It's actually really appreciated.So the service is top notch and for an out-of-towner, this is one of the few places I feel like I'm at home. The food is equally great. I never look at their regular menu anymore (mostly because I've practically memorized everything on the list). I've never regretted an order off their daily specials. In addition, their beer list changes weekly, if not more frequently. I love it. Did I mention their homemade long island iced tea?The bar gets filled up pretty quick, but I've never had to wait more than ten minutes for a table. They also have a back-bar for when it's super busy and a parking lot as well. ALSO! They have customer appreciation nights where they have a giant buffet for FREE!!!!!!!!!! And drinks too. I don't know any other restaurant/bar that does that. I love this bar. I do.
5	Was looking for a new place to go before Badger women's volleyball match on a Friday night to replace the Stadium Bar. Came across Jordan's and gave it a try. I chose it after seeing the HUGE menu online and how close it is to Camp Randall and the Fieldhouse. Wow! We each had a different seafood meal and each was great. Mahi Mahi stew special and salmon sandwich were perfect. Service was incredible even tho it was super busy on a sports night. Colin and Jake were around frequently to make sure everything was just right. Super value for the money, reasonably priced. You'll make it one of your Badger pre or post-game favorites!
5	I can't say I've ever had a bad experience here, whether pregaming for a Wisconsin football game or watching a game while having something to eat with some adult beverages.Tonight I stopped in looking for a quick bite after teaching a late class. I am glad I did. I had Pam's Famous Sloppy Joe, about which I never heard tell.It was simply the best sloppy joe I've ever tasted, and I've eaten at the original Sloppy Joe's in Key West. The beef seemed to be almost a ground up brisket. It reminded me of a barbecue brisket sandwich only sweeter. Ironically, the sauce was thick enough that it was not that sloppy!As usual, the staff was courteous and the service prompt. I might have to get a job to learn the recipe
5	Friday Fish-fry is the best .I go to a lot of restaurants looking for the best Friday night fish.  This one is one of the top contenders.  Our group started with the clam-chowder soup.  It was nice and warm - not too hot.  I ordered the perch with the sweet potato fries.  Our group also ordered the deep-fried cod and the bluegill.  I sampled all three and they all had great flavor.  I am partial to perch and I truly enjoyed every bite.  The fries were served with a special sauce that really brought out the flavor. We also got an order of the wedges and they tasted great also.  The portion size was more than we could eat, so we asked for a to-go box.The price was very reasonable. The serving staff was top-notch.  We had no less that seven different servers stop and ask if everything was ok or for a quick fill of our water glass.   They have a good choice of beers on tap.  Our group of Friday Fish-Fry travelers will be stopping here again soon.
