2	My Son has tutoring here every once in a while and I study on occasion while he's in his tutoring session.  Of all of the local libraries I go to, this one is not one of my favorites.....here's why:- It's too small.  During my most recent visit, it was freakin' packed and there was very few spots to study.- The staff members here aren't friendly.  During my last visit a security guard told me to take my feet off the furniture.....they weren't on the furniture!  I was resting my calves on a chair (feet hanging off the edge)......I'm not stupid enough to destroy furniture by putting my dirty shoes on it, but he didn't care and made me take my leg off the corner of the chair......meanwhile, obnoxious teenage kids with ringing phones were allowed to talk loudly.  WTH?- Uncomfortable furniture.  I don't know why all of the libraries in Clark County have different furniture....but they do.  The Sahara and Buffalo libraries have comfortably chairs and sofas with coffee tables to study at.  Not here....they have chairs and tables that aren't too comfy.Overall, not my favorite place.Will I return?  Only to take my Son to his tutoring sessions.
4	So.... my son and I went to the Rainbow Library last month because of friend of mine was involved with an event that they had in the theater. That was the first time that we were there. It was a big library but we didn't get a chance to roam through the library portion. The theater was an average size but the presentation for AIDS/HIV awareness was great. Around the library there was a park and a center for kids. The area was beautiful. We will be going back there soon. They always have events there.
4	Closest library to my house sooo I frequent this location a lot!  It's a smaller library than most... but anything they don't have they will place a hold on and once its available they bring it to the library of your choice.It place always seems kinda busy... with some loud teenagers and a security guard that takes his job very very seriously! A big plus is that they seem to have a lot off community events going on.. seems like a pretty cool place to start if you want to be involved with the community! I have to come back... I got a ton of books I borrowed from this place!
5	Love this place, its HUGE.  I enjoy just browsing. It's nice a cool during the day too. Its ALWAYS busy, I'm glad the security guards do their jobs here :)
3	got 15 movies and was out in a flash!
5	This is my favorite library not only is it close to my home but I never have a problem with computers,checking out items,etc.
5	I really like this library. It is so big and filled with so many books! I visit all the time with my daughter. We go to the story time and movement and music events they hold. She enjoys the events and has really learned to live reading. This library has great children's library too. The librarians are all friendly and seem to enjoy the kiddos. The library also holds all sorts of events for babies, kids, teens, and adults. Make sure to check the monthly calendar  to see what you want to do.  It is a great community place and I am happy it is so close to me.
1	Got a cup of coffee and came here to study, on my way in I was stopped and asked to leave my drink on a table up front. Are you serious, an adult cannot enjoy a cup of coffee while studying? You want me to leave it so it'll be inconvenient for a sip and for it to possibly get tampered with? NO THANK YOU. Walked straight out and will never step in again, there are way more options out there to put up with that.
5	This is a great library, check out a book, the books for sale are good too..
5	We love this library, we're loyal patrions here since my kids in elementary school.  They are now 2 in college, 1 a junior in highschool, and 1 &th grade.  We love coming here to study, rent books and dvds.  We go to the park next door to play or just play with our 2 poodles.  The staff friendly and helpful.
2	The worst customer service in recent memory is at a library? Seriously? I am still trying to figure out what went wrong. I called ahead to check the availability of a book and was told they had a "brand new" copy. I asked what time they closed and was then asked for my name. She said she would leave it at the customer service area. Upon arrival, I was told they don't hold books at customer service and was sent to the reference desk. After much waiting and watching employees walking around, I was told that nobody had received a call and was questioned as to whether or not I called the correct branch. This continued for awhile and multiple employees took pleasure in telling me they did not receive a call. All I wanted was the book! After about 15 minutes, an employee said she would get it for me and was told by another employee they did not have a copy. She walked into some back room and came out with a brand new copy. What a freakin' ordeal! They were more concerned with trying to refute my phone call than getting me the book. Two stars is probably more generous than they deserve.
2	Being a librarian, I take a critical look at any library that I happen to visit. I've  been using Rainbow, because it's close to my home. After first using the library on W Sahara, this one is shocking. The building looks substantial on the outside, yet inside its overcrowded.  Additionally, whats there is poorly organized. The library is simply too small to house all that a modern, urban library needs. For example, I could not find a place for quiet study, only a table in the midst of everything else. The tutor loudly teaching next to me, made studying or reading impossible.I suppose this is all the result of the majority of Nevada and Las Vegas residents being unwilling to adequately finance any type of educational institution.
