5	Doug is the MAN! As a visitor in Phoenix, getting around, especially when you are drinking, can be rough. That is where "The Dougie" comes into play. Doug was able to help us out on our recent trip to PHX for the Fiesta Bowl. He charges fairly, and is the nicest guy you'll meet. We also had a pretty large group, so that is also a huuuuuge plus when being transported around- especially since the taxi companies don't typically have large vans. Riding The Dougie was truly an experience that everyone should have!!! Get 'em Dougie!
5	This is the best shuttle service I have ever used!A group of my friends and I rode the Dougie while traveling around the Greater Phoenix Area.  We were down for the Fiesta Bowl and needed rides to various parties and the Bowl Game itself.  Doug was always right on time, very accommodating and a fun guy to be around.If you are in Phoenix/Scottsdale/Glendale and need to  move a big group of people fast-while keeping them happy during the ride, you too should Ride the DougieI know now how to Dougie...hopefully this review will teach others.
5	I recommend the Dougie to anyone looking for dependable, friendly, and quality transportation service. The Dougie was less expensive than super shuttle and a much more enjoyable ride. RIDE THE DOUGIE!
5	Would like to write a longer review, but I am on my phone.   Doug was on time,  charismatic, and courteous.   He had very interesting banter, and the ride was entertaining and prompt. I highly recommend Riding The Dougie instead of going with a franchise, as it seems that he is way more personable.   The price was more than fair.   I won't hesitate to call him up again, and you shouldn't either!
5	The Camelback Inn concierge recommended Doug when I was looking for airport transport for my family that includes an infant and a three year old.  He had car seats for the little ones, and the van was extra comfortable.  Doug is clearly all about customer service.  He kept track of our flight on line and met us inside the airport-- a real treat when traveling with kids.  He was knowledgable about the area and interesting to talk to and made us instantly at ease.  We booked him for the return trip and will book him again next year!  A great experience all around, and we highly recommend this service.  If only every place we travel we could Ride the Dougie.
5	Best shuttle service I have ever usedDoug took amazing care of our Bachelor Party back in May of 2012.  Went above and beyond with our raucous group of shit-talking drunkards.  He even supplied some "beverages" for the ride.  I would recommend him to anyone. Super friendly guy, very reasonable prices.
5	We were in Glendale, AZ for a graduation and had to be transported from the University straight to the airport since we only had less than 2.5 hours from the time the graduation ended to the time our flight departed. I was a little worried that the shuttle wouldn't be there on time, hence missing our flight so I called Doug a couple of times to make sure everything would be okay time wise... He assured me everything would be fine. He arrived 5 minutes early exactly where I told him to meet us (since it's a big campus I was afraid he would get lost, but did not). I was expecting a big van with the words "Ride the Dougie" on the side but instead,  we were picked up in a nice looking, black SUV. This was a nice touch since the graduate and his family were waiting with us for our ride t pick us up. Doug was very nice and we had a good conversation. Ride was smooth and we got to the airport on time. I will definitely call Doug next time I'm in the area.
5	I had a great time Doug is very informative about the city and he is very entertaining.
1	I have been trying for over a week to contact Doug for quote.  Not sure if messages from the website are not being relayed to him properly or what is going on. But, the unresponsiveness has definitely put me in a bind for a ride to a concert this weekend.
1	Not a professional run business.  Owner is unreliable and did not follow thru for us when we booked him for a day long trip. coach bus is very old and odor coming from bathroom makes it very difficult to sit in back of bus.    Bus had mechanical issues and owner did not seem to care when he could not follow thru with what he promised and too late to hire another company...
