5	This place is really good. They use premium Blue Bell Ice Cream and their ice is like eating a cloud. They serve ice cream. Hawaiian style snow cones.  Ton of different flavors to choose from. They had my favorite, Tigers Blood. You can add sweet cream to the top. Very inexpensive. My family of 4 all got treats and the total was under $10.
5	Great place for a sweet cool snack. I had family come into town and we were looking for something cool to do so we went to check out Zoni shave ice.  Most of us had never tried true Hawaiian shave ice. We loved it with the ice cream in it. Everyone liked it. Great family environment.
5	Great place. Convenient location. Great product. I had a vanilla with cherry, orange and pineapple with a little cream on top and it was perfect! Great owners! Great service!
5	Awesome place right next to  LA Fitness. Our family of four stopped in tonight for some true Hawaiian shave ice.  We tried guava and Tigers blood with vanilla ice cream   Yummy stuff.  The owners were very kind and engaging people. We will be back!
5	Extremely nice owners & Amazing shaved Ice! Glad to finally have a place that sells GREAT shaved ice like they do in Hawaiib BEST place ever
5	Friendly owners. Ice cream on the bottom, shaved ice on top, then toped with cream. Delicious!!! You must go try it.
5	We love it here. Love the fact that they have Hawai'i flavors.  Definitely a big plus for us. I will say that I do understand that the store may not get as busy at times but when it does and there is only one lonely worker the wait can be a bit long when multiple families come at the same time. But other then that it's a great place.
3	Refreshing treat.This place has great reviews and I thought it would be a fun place to try.  The service was great and the servings are huge (like shockingly large). On my first visit I thought I would give Tigers Blood a try.  Maybe tigers blood wasn't the right choice, or maybe I'm not a big fan of shaved ice.  However, I usually enjoy a really good "snow cone" as we called  them growing up on the east coast, so I think on my first visit I just picked  a bad flavor. The shaved ice comes out soft and there are no chunks of hard ice like in a lot of  other shaved ice products. The shaved ice at Zoni's is good (but I think I prefer New Orleans Sno  Ball in Phoenix) and refreshing and definitely worth a try.
5	Place is great and the owner is a super nice guy. Love shaved ice and happy to have a good place nearby.
5	Very friendly owner/staff. Very generous with their portion sizes, and reasonably priced. I enjoyed my shaved ice very much and will definitely return to try more of their wide array of flavors. I really hope this place does well.
4	This place is right across the way from Flavors of Louisiana...and that equals fantastic in my book!  We walked over from dinner to grab a nice cold treat.  The best part?  They serve it Hawaiian style with ice cream on the bottom.  It was divine.  It didn't make a mess either...because the ice was packed so nice and tight.  There are several ice cream choices and a ton of syrup flavors to choose from.  Caution...get their small if you aren't sharing it with anyone because the medium is HUUUUUUUUGE!!
5	So delicious!  What a great treat on a hot day!  Great staff and great refreshment!
5	Yummy. Went there and it was empty..which was nice lol. So yummy. I am ready to go back there agIn. Good choices.  Nice employee. Only one guy working.  I will definitely be back soon to try another flavor.
5	Love this new place.  it is a mom and pop shop and love that they care about their customers.  We chatted with them a little and learned the husband use to live in Hawaii and that is why he is doing shave ice in AZ.  I ordered the coconut ice cream with shave ice that is topped with pineapple and coconut.  YUMMY!!!!
5	Cool little spot! Went in to treat my little ones. They LOVED it! Awesome flavor and nice texture on the ice. Have been looking for a spot like this. Owner is genuinely kind. It's not everyday that you run into great customer service, today you gave me hope that it still exists.  Thanks again. Your kind gesture made a difference in my day.
