5	Holy tastiness. You can smell the food when you get out of your car and your mouth starts watering immediately.I've been here twice (so far) and am continually impressed.The first time I got the pappardelle with veggies--I think it's called Pesto Primavera. The pasta is handmade and fresh, so it's a little thicker and a lot more delicious than the stuff I'm used to. The veggies were great, including these tiny diced butternut squash that were awesome and added to the overall texture. So good. The second time I got the stuffed meatballs rice bowl. Again, delicious: kalamata olives, cheese, and fantastic meatballs. I guess people think rice dishes in an italian restaurant are weird, that doesn't seem weird to me. Makes perfect sense. AND it's a gluten-free option for folks that wanna get their Italian on. Both times I got the grilled garlic bread. Delicious. Awesome stuff from this brand new restaurant.
5	Absolutely delicious food! No pretention, beautiful spot, delicious sauces and food! I had the rice bowl with meatballs, which was amazing. I can't wait to try the homemade pasta! Definitely a good relaxed lunch or dinner spot
5	We have quickly become huge fans of Bol!  With so many chains dominating the Chandler area, Bol is a new breath of fresh air. The absolute best meatballs I have ever had, and I have a serious addiction to their Pappardelle pasta. All of their pasta is handmade daily too, which makes such a difference in the taste.The service at Bol is great as well. I can't think of one complaint- great food, fresh ingredients and reasonable prices. Highly recommend.
3	The placeThe owner took over a space formerly occupied by a Daphne's - they reworked the interior. Nice, but the tables are locked down so no skooching them together.  The foodVery tasty soup and chicken panini sandwich. Heavy on the garlic and I was tasting it most of the afternoon, but enjoyable all the same and a good value as a combo.  The bottom lineThis place may be doomed to the same fate as Daphne's, although I hope not. We showed up unannounced with a group of 13 and totally overwhelmed their kitchen. The meals weren't coming out correctly or timely, and while the apology from the cashier/runner/hostess was sincere, people want their lunch quickly. Most of the dishes came out in about 30min which is well past their lunch claim "15 min or it's free". None of our group held them to it. There was a gentleman sitting at the table next to us that never got his food. Guys, this is pasta, salad, and sandwiches - not rocket science. Needless to say they MUST improve their operations since they just turned off at least 13 potential returning customers. I would have expected the owner, who I think was running the kitchen, to come out, apologize, and offer to buy our next lunch for free.  If he's learned anything from his time at Chipotle he has to know that you go out of your way to make the diner happy.
1	shit the bed.
