5	New Day Organizing is the best!  Melissa is such a caring person.  The hoarding problem was so large that Melissa and her team had to tackle for me.  They did such a great job and the price was right.
5	Melissa has helped me with the last two houses I have lived in. She is very efficient and can transform your space in the matter of hours. She's honest reliable and her prices are very reasonable. She is somebody I will continue to call upon to help me bring order to my home when it is needed.
5	New Day is absolutely amazing.  Michelle has helped with both my parents house and mine.  I was very scarred to let someone in my home with it being so messy and out of control.  My family's home could have literally been a contender for "clean sweep."  Michelle was very nice, understanding, and compassionate.  After my fabulous experience with my parents home, I hired to help with mine as well.
5	Downsizing from a 4000 sq ft house to an 1100 sq ft home, combined with a propensity to buy things that I like without really knowing how they will work in my space led to a problem.  I had too much stuff and not enough room and no idea where to start, not to mention a great big mess.After several attempts I finally realized organization is not my gift and I needed help.  So I searched around and stumbled across New Day Organizing.  Basically I wanted to  turn over the whole thing to someone that knew what they were doing and just step in when decisions needed to be made.  I explained what I was looking for and within one day I was contacted by Michelle.  From my first conversation I knew I had found the right people.  I described the situation and Michelle assured me that this was a completely obtainable goal.  I was more than a little nervous to have a stranger come in to my home and go through everything I own, but within the first few minutes I could tell that Michelle has a passion for helping people and was really good at what she does.The speed at which she is able to go through things and sort them into categories is awe inspiring.  Every day she came she would work on a different space and before she left, it was clean, organized, and felt light and fresh.  I gave Michelle a key and on days when I was not able to be there, she would come and do her magic, leaving me notes of what needed to be decisioned, or would text me with questions.  The best part is that Michelle is a 'handy woman'.  She was able to fix bowing shelves and took care of those little things that get uncovered when you are doing a complete overhaul.  She provides a end to end service that begins with ick and with ahhhhh.I simply don't have enough good things to say about this woman.  I am literally having her do my entire home and in the fall I will have her back out to do my detached garage.  If you need someone to help you organize your home or office space call New Day Organizing and ask for Michelle.  Your home will never look or function better and your mind will be free from all that clutter that you thought was only taking up space around you.  :)
