1	I must say first, very quick and friendly service.  The problem with this pizza joint, is the pizza.  It was a thicker dough stingy amount of sauce and the small amount of cheese was burnt making it a hard plastic layer that covered the pizza.  I wish I could keep supporting them but just a lousy product.
5	Amazing crust and great pizza! They are very friendly as well
4	CATCH-UP TIME! Oh Darren's just mad because he misses his Krazy Brothers. lol Their pizza and hoagie were pretty good to me when we ordered from them.  Delivery was lightning quick as well.
5	I have lived in Brookline for 3 years and so far Vinnys pizza is awesome.   Just saying
1	On Saturday March 16 ordered a pizza for delivery. Waited an hour and a half. Called 3 times, they kept saying it was on the way.  When it finally arrived it was ice cold. Called to complain. They said no worries, they'd give me a credit. Called today for pizza, said they never said that.  Go figure!
2	I stopped by here yesterday for a slice of pizza.  On the way to my lunch I noticed a sign in their window that they had slices for $1.99 and since I am always on a quest to find the best pizza in Pittsburgh, I figured I would stop by afterwards.  The inside of this place isn't much too look at as there is a small area with a counter in front of it and then the kitchen.  Whenever we got into the restaurant I asked for a slice of pizza.  Less than 2 minutes later I was walking out with the slice inside of a box.  Upon making it to my car I took the time to examine the pizza.  The first thing that I noticed was the glassy looking cheese on it which didn't bode too well.  Then immediately after that I realized how small it was.  I could probably get a slice 3-4 times as large for a buck in Manhattan.  Overall the taste of this somewhat cold pizza matched the look of it.  The cheese and sauce weren't that great and the crust was super dry.  I probably would have done better buying a frozen pizza and making that instead.The bottom line for me is that I wouldn't head back here again in the future.  It's tough to feel ripped off by a $2 slice of pizza but Vinny's somehow did that for me with both the size and taste.
3	I got the chicken wrap from there which was good. Also got the spinach pizza which was very "Generic".   The one thing that threw me off was  the service from the delivery guy. Very rude when he was calling my cell for directions for our company on West Liberty Ave. Not sure if I would order from there again.
2	Nothing special. I had cheesey bread sticks and a five cheese pizza delivered, the delivery guy gave me attitude because it was near closing (It was a half hour before hand which I thought was reasonable). The sauce is bland and so is the crust and my bread sticks were plain. When I say plain, I mean they didn't even put garlic butter on them let alone the cheese I paid extra for. I'm certain this was done on purpose, oh well! Next time I'm in pinch for a late night pie, I will take my business elsewhere.
