5	I've been going here for the past 3 years since it's the closest one from work. The place is clean and well staffed. I've always been greeted when I walk in and when I leave. All the workers are generally friendly; however, some may stand out more than others. One particular guy, Timothy, always has a smile on his face when he greets me and is very courteous even when they are busy. Since I go there frequently, I feel like I get royal treatments and I must admit...I do enjoy it!I hate getting shocked when I open doors so I usually take my time at the front door. I have to touch the glass then tap the door handles a few times before I get the courage to put my bear hands to open the door. Apparently when I opened the door it wasn't busy inside and like all the staff had been watching me. I kind of got a weird look from them and Timothy says BOO when I walk in and I just respond by saying that I must have looked like an idiot. I was a little embarrassed, but everyone had a good laugh.Our office is moving soon so I hope the new FedEx spot I end up going to is just as great as this place.
4	I originally chose this location because it's close to the apartment, but out of the FedEx's I have been to this one is the best.  The customer service is great!  Despite it being pretty steady with customers, the gentleman still was tending to the other customers whilst opening the door for me as he saw my hands were full of packages.  The team there overall is rather friendly and know how to hold conversations while they are helping you out with your packages.The space is well kept... it's clean, organized, and staffed well.  Assisting customers seems to be a priority which emanates from the staff.  I will choose shipping through here over the post office any time because of it; despite the fact that it's across the street and sometimes even more reasonably priced it's worth it for the quality of service.
3	I find this place expensive, and the customer service isn't always the greatest, but it's really close in the neighborhood. However, I have had a few good experiences. Then again, it's a FedEx Kinko's...I'm not sure what all I should expect out of it. I don't ever have to wait long in order to fax! That's a plus! And it's not the post office!
4	Great staff helped me to get my print job turned around quick!
2	Customer service was lame. went in to get some things printed out for me and they couldn't be bothered to try and make them look better. they guy was short and kind of rude by way of total apathy both over the phone and in person. almost zero people skills. they did get my order out quickly so i'll give them one more star for that.
5	Tony set me up in a hurry! I was in a jam and he made it so easy to solve my problem. Definitely recommend this store for fast, friendly service.
