4	In the midst of all the tearing down, I recently noticed that a new Greek grocery had opened up on Independence Blvd.  This afternoon I popped in just to see what they have.  The store has been open for three weeks and still seems a little bit sparse.  They are well stocked with an olive bar, many different types of feta and other Greek cheeses, and more types of fillo pastry than I have ever seen in one place in my life.  I got some Alphonso olives and a block of delicious, mild goat feta, and some rose-flavored Loukoumi (the Greek version of Turkish delight) which is tasty and fresh.  Most of the rest of the store, so far, is non-perishables -- cookies and crackers, pasta, olive oil, beans.  However, there is a promisingly large deli case and freezer case, and a small selection of pastries suggests a future in Greek baked goods.  Definitely worth checking out!
5	Well, going in to "just look around" and then leaving after spending $37.00, I would say it's a very nice store.  The sales clerk was super nice and extremely helpful - answering all of  my questions thoroughly and making suggestions. I LOVE Greek food and was thrilled to find, among other things, Mizithra Cheese!  I haven't had that since "The Old Spaghetti Factory" was in Charlotte (mid 1990's!) and offered a pasta dish with Mizithra Cheese.   I feel like I got a good deal for the amount of money - the prices were reasonable.  I've heard all of  the hoopla about "American" versions of Extra Virgin Olive Oil, so I bought a bottle of true Greek EVOO at Agora and did my own taste-test at home.  I have no intention of ever buying EVOO anywhere but Agora - you can def. taste the difference.   If possible, don't buy Feta cheese in a regular grocery store, go to Agora and buy it by the pound - you WON"T regret it.  I'm ashamed to admit that I had several bites off the block(!) in my car on the way home   It was just that good!    Hopefully, they will be able to expand and sell beer & wine.
5	We just returned from our inaugural visit to Agora, and I am thrilled to have found this Greek gem. Steve (the owner) could not have been more nice or informative. He was generous with the samples of feta and olives as we decided what to buy.All of our standard Greek favorites were there: barrel aged feta, kalamata olives, large canisters of imported Greek olive oil, tzatziki and Ion bars. We stocked up on our "usuals", but we were eyeing other things to pick up on another visit. They had some amazing looking chicken and pork souvlaki in the refrigerator case at a great price. Next time, we're getting some. In fact, all of the prices are incredibly reasonable.If you want the best Greek groceries available in Charlotte, I highly recommend Agora! It's a haul for us, coming from Ballantyne, but it's a trip well worth making!
4	I've been in a huge Greek kick lately. So after months of being on my "must try" list, I finally took the time to ride the bus down and check out Agora just before they closed on New Years Eve. It was not a disappointment! Being the pinko tree-hugger I am, I came with one canvas shopping bag but could've easily filled two. All that stopped me was knowing I'd have to lug it all home on the bus and on foot. Naturally, relying on public transport and bipedal conveyance tends to move the weight of things near the top of the list of factors one considers when choosing what to buy. In addition to a 4 liter tin of olive oil (approx $16) that would've alone been worth the trip, I picked up some orange blossom water ($3), a couple types of addictive olives ($3-4.50/lb), a block of feta (approx $6), some 7" pitas (approx $1.75 for TEN), a jar of taramosalata (approx $3), a couple cans of yigandes plaki (approx $2.50 each), some interesting nut candies (all affordable) and a few pieces of outstanding fresh made baklava for the ridiculously low low price of 75 cents each! I love Showmars as much as anyone, but Agora is putting them to shame with that 75 cent baklava.Contrasting my experience with what others have written here, I'm guessing the cheese only becomes a good deal when compared to large supermarkets if you buy it in larger quantities. I got a pre-packaged tub of feta in brine and paid about what I've paid at Harris-Teeter. Still, even if the cheese works out to the same price as elsewhere, the variety of hard-to-find specialty stuff and the way lower prices on the things you can get anywhere makes this place worth the trip. Given how vital seafood and greens are to the Greek diet, it would be nice to see them add a small produce and (if necessary, frozen) meat/seafood section similar to what one finds in equivalent Asian markets. But alas, they probably don't have the space without getting rid of something else. Still, even if the store remains the same, I'm a big fan. And since 4 liters of olive oil should last me ages, I can't wait to go back and pick up some things I had to sacrifice for weight and space constraints on the first trip. I'm thinking some spanakopita, loukoumi, and by Zeus's beard, a ton of cheese. You can believe that!
5	I've been meaning to make it here and this past Saturday I finally did. The gentleman running the store was very friendly and helpful. The prices were very affordable for what I got. The feta tastes great as did the tzatziki sauce that I bought. The feta was better quality than what you get at the grocery store. I got the gyro pittas and frozen gyro meat. They ended up making a great meal and my boyfriend preferred them over restaurant gyros. With some pieces of baklava and some peach nectar as well, I got out of there spending less than $20. I recommend Agora to anyone looking for authentic Greek products for reasonable prices.
4	Definitely worth a stop the next time you have to venture out Independence! Yummy feta, baklava, and a great assortment of lots of other foods, like olive oil, jam, and cookies. And the frozen section has a ton of drool-inducing stuff like spanakopita to bake at home - next time I have a party I will stop here for appetizers! The guy who was working there was very friendly and helpful. My only suggestion is that the pita bread be fresh or baked in-house instead of in refrigerated packs. (Though it was still pretty tasty after a few minutes in the toaster oven!)
