5	I love this restaurant! I love the Brownstone building, two levels of dining. Staff is amazingly friendly, and very helpful. Dined here one night it was so crowded, they seated us upstairs in a closed section so we could relax and eat. A real family feel to this place, the entrees are superb (they even give you free chef tastings) and the tiramisu is the best I had ever tasted. Check out the self cleaning toilet seats in the bathroom. This place is a real treat!
5	Holy wow! Ok... I had spent a good week wining and dining in Montreal and our concierge recommended this place for a great Italian meal. Though I found that most of their dishes were not truly authentic (being Italian and all), I was still impressed by their presentation and how fresh the food tasted. Their tomato and mozzarella salad was to die for! It tasted as if the tomato was picked right off the vine and their buffalo mozzarella nearly melted in my mouth, bursting with fresh flavor. I had their stuffed shrimp with crab on top of risotto for my main course. The risotto was a tad bit undercooked but the shrimp was exquisite in flavor which completely made up for that minor detail. The waitstaff was superb. Allowing us to enjoy every course of the meal and keeping our wine glasses filled (you will be quite intimidated by their wine list... bottles ranging from $45- $1000), they were attentive and friendly.The atmosphere was elegant and romantic (bring your date here!!!). We went on a Friday night and were surprised that the restaurant wasn't packed at all. But in my opinion, I would rather come when there's less people to fight for a table. Overall, my experience here was great and I would most definitely eat here the next time I'm in town!
5	Excellent.First thing I noticed was how incredibly beautiful the interior was. I was really tempted to take pictures of it... my uncle advised against it.It's been awhile since my visit, so I'm not sure how much I remember. My entree was a mushroom risotto - it was very nice. I don't remember what my appetizer was, but I remember really liking it.Sorry, my review isn't very helpful because it's been so long! But I remember, at the very least, that it was exceptional, and I look forward to visiting again (and writing a decent review) the next time I am in Montreal!
4	Heard about Da Vinci's many, many times and finally got one of my girlfriends to go with me. We had pretty good expectations going in, and were ready for a fancy night with delicious food. The service was great, and the room was romantic and fancy. The food was delicious, as expected.We got carried away on wine, but it was worth it!All in all, it was a great experience but if you're looking for a fun night out with your 20 year old friends- this is not the place to be. The scene is very high class, and it's definetllly filled with an older crowd.
4	Heard about Da Vinci's many, many times and finally got one of my girlfriends to go with me. We had pretty good expectations going in, and were ready for a fancy night with delicious food. The service was great, and the room was romantic and fancy. The food was delicious, as expected.We got carried away on wine, but it was worth it!All in all, it was a great experience but if you're looking for a fun night out with your 20 year old friends- this is not the place to be. The scene is very high class, and it's definetllly filled with an older crowd.
3	Classy, ritzy and intimate is how we would describe the setting at Da Vinci.  It's the kind of place you would go to with your significant other or your parents on their anniversary.You know when you walk into a restaurant with several empty tables in the main area, but are told by the staff to sit in a different, isolated, mostly-empty section?  Well, that was our experience tonight, and we weren't happy about it one bit!Tonight we went with the Sinfonia Verde and Mozzarella di Bufala for starters (both were hits).  We followed those with the Linguine Fini del Pescatore (so-so) and the Filetto di Vitello di Latte al Forno (a miss).Da Vinci is a relic from a bygone era when upscale restaurants actually invested in posh interiors.  Based on tonight, unfortunately, we felt that was the only predominantly positive aspect of our dinner.  The food tasted good mostly, but lacked a certain creativity in presentation, while the "table" mishap left a bit of a bitter taste in our mouths.
1	Great food but terrible service.  I think that you need to be a table that really keeps ordering bottle of wine after wine. We were completely ignored for 25 minutes after our main course. At that point we flag the waiter. They did apologized, but it was too late. They probably dont look at yelp, so my comment wont get to them.
4	After not having lived in Montreal for over a decade, we went to celebrate our wedding anniversary at Da Vinci's last Saturday night.The food was OUTSTANDING, the lambs chops were cooked to perfection and the surf and turf was amazing.Thanks Vince and the rest of the staff for making this a memorable evening for us.We will be backRene and Norma
5	I had such a great time in this restaurant.the service is beyond amazing (best I've ever had) & the food is very good, the lamb-chops are super tasty and so are the scallops with mango and fennel. We left giving a BIG tip & smiling from ear to ear.It goes without saying we will be back.One minus is that you get charged for water ($8.50), so I won't be getting that next time.
4	Da Vinci serves great food - designed with style and served with professional flair.   The prosciutto with parmesan (and 25 year old olive oil) was so good that I had to just had to pause and savor the flavor.  I had linguini with shrimp, lobster, clams and scallops.  All cooked to perfection.  The atmosphere is excellent.  The people were friendly and unobtrusive.  I would recommend this restaurant without hesitation.
5	We walked in without reservations and were seated very promptly. The waitstaff was exemplary, the atmosphere was dead on for romance. Service was timed perfectly, our mixed drinks were substantial and done very well. When our dinner arrived it was perfect and we had a personal visit from the owner who was very attentive to our opinions. We will definitely be coming back time and time again!!
4	Atmosphere and food are both worth having. For people visiting Montreal like I was, this place gives you a good feel for relaxed, flavorful, and classy Montreal Dining experience under the same roof.
