1	My husband and I purchased a new home, and having a house built for the first time, we used all of the "preferred" companies.When we visited this office, Andrew at Progressive Homes, blatantly lied to us in regards to basic needs for the home regarding a smart box, even after we told him we do not watch cable TV. He also gave a false statement/story about ADT and their services in the Las Vegas/Clark County area, as I verified with an ADT manager in their call center. He also demanded a deposit on the spot for 1100$, which we didn't expect.Also, during our visit at the office, Andrew had told us the deposit for the options we did pick out (which was small) was all we needed to pay up front and that the rest of the costs would be rolled into our mortgage. Yeah. Not so much.After discussing this ordeal with our home builder and the new home realtor's office, Andrew was reprimanded, but I wouldn't recommend this company to anyone.It has been 2 months now since we dealt with this company, and in a few minutes I have to call them back to install and setup the items as well as have them give a demonstration of how the services we chose work. I will update this review once they come out to give a review for this part of their services.
5	The installation guy was awesome! He was so down to earth, had a sense of humor, and was really (extremely) thorough on setting up our home automation system. Im a hands on person, I gotta see it before I understand it. He took the time to really go through each individual aspect of the services and equipment we ordered. And he went above and beyond, out of his way, to call an electrician working for the builder that built our new home and the surrounding homes and have them come out the next day to put in a free extra outlet in the closet where our control panel box is.Now, only if their sales rep was as good as he was, this would be a booming business.Good job, man! Thanks so much!
5	I should preface this with the following info: Progressive Home is the preferred vendor for American West so we had no other options to 'shop around' when we purchased our home.  We have no other references to quote other bids, options, or compare services, as that is my normal practice.The wiring was put into the home while being built.  However, they said that they've done many jobs in existing homes.It was a win-win for both Eric and I!  I could care less about where the TV plugs go or sound system wiring, speakers in the back of the house/yard- but this was very important to Eric.  Progressive Home allowed him to choose where we wanted the plugs, installing wiring in the ceiling for speakers in our master bedrooms, etc.  I cared about the central vacuum and having automated lights, thermostat and security- which we love!  Call us lazy, but we can't imagine having to get out of bed to turn off the lights anymore!We've placed several service calls to come out and fix certain things, always sending out Cory (sales) and or Kurtis (tech), which was nice to always see the same person who knew exactly what was previously done/fixed.  Kurtis was always very patient, explained things very thoroughly, cleaned up after each job, professional and nice.  We have inquired about additional services that we wished we would have chosen when our house was being built and hope to use them again.  We have always had pleasant encounters with Progressive Home and I highly recommend them!
5	The Progressive Home Team is a first rate team... from the initial contact with Andrew through the installation teams of David and Eric to the follow-up from Ray, this is a class act.  Having our house pre-wired by Progressive gave us the opportunity to add features and functionality without having to start from scratch.  All the various options were explained in great detail and with zero pressure.When installation day came, the team was running a bit behind from their previous installation but had the courtesy to call to give us fair warning.  You don't find this courtesy often.  The installation team knew their product and their functions and delivered excellent service over multiple days (it was a big job).   When a problem existed from the installation done during the housing construction, Progressive Home was on the ball again dispatching the same service team to resolve the problem.   Excellent follow-through and great service with extremely reasonable prices.  You don't normally find that combination in a "preferred" vendor from most builders.  We are definitely going to use Progressive Home's services in the future
5	I am very happy we chose Progressive Home's services. We were a little hesitant at first when it was offered by the home builder, but then we figured what the heck, we could have it built into the loan. Besides, I had had speakers installed before and it cost me at least twice as much. The convenience factor was great, we moved into the house with all the speakers installed, tv, hdmi and camera prewired so there is no reason for us to  poke holes in walls then have to repaint the whole thing. But the reason I decided to go on Yelp and leave a review for these guys is because I am so pleasantly surprised at what kind of rock stars they are! We met with Kory the sales guy, he was as helpful, knowledgeable and patient as we could have expected. Then after the house was built and we had moved in, we had David come in and complete the installs. I mean , I don't know where to begin, he did the job, cleaned up after himself, took an awful lot of time and patience to walk us through the house and explain every little detail. I wouldn't have put up with me us much as he did. A couple of days later when I had of course forgotten how to change settings in the panel, I saw David working at next door neighbor's house and asked him for some guidance. Without any objections he came in, took care of the settings, patiently gave instructions to the cable installer and left. I then did some online research and found out that all the items we had purchased, the central vac, speakers, the panel, the security system and the doorbells  were much more expensive if I was to get them somewhere else, plus I got them professionally installed. I don't write reviews, this is my first one, but I mean these guys deserve to get more business and a feel extremely confident referring them.
5	Knowledgeable, courteous staff that go above and beyond on the job. They have done my TV's, Security Cameras and additional wiring. A local company that is based in Las Vegas, highly recommend.
