3	We recently tried Crossroads pub for brunch on a Sunday Morning. We live down the road and we have wanted to try it for a while now. Cross roads is conveniently located in the Steele Creek area with plenty of parking. I hear they have good trivia and live entertainment on certain nights. Inside of the restaurant is very welcoming. It has a relaxed atmosphere and the wait staff is very pleasant to deal with. However, the breakfast was a bit disappointing so that is why we gave it three stars and for the food three stars may be a bit of a push based on breakfast alone. We will go back there again but maybe for lunch or dinner and give it a second try. In regards to our breakfast... we arrived around 11am and there was only one other table with people. Our waitress was pleasant and after she took our order it took a long time to get our breakfast. The menu was small but had some interesting things. It seems they keep their breakfast menu small and use fresh ingredients. The prices were also very good. However, it took a long time to get our food and when it arrived it was poorly put together. I ordered the crab cakes benedict. Apparently the reason why it took so long was because they were out of the Hollandaise sauce and they wanted to make some fresh for my order. Well they really didn't make much sauce then because there was barely any on the eggs benedict. It was also missing the english muffins because the server stated the cook was going to serve me burnt english muffins originally and the server sent it back. My fiance ordered the breakfast burrito and I will tell you it looked awful. There was only was piece of sausage and the cheese was not melted. I did not want to try it myself but she said it tasted like it looked. So I may have to blame the poor food on the chef and not the restaurant. So we are looking forward to going again.... not for breakfast of coarse, and hopefully lunch or dinner will be much better.
3	Was an alright local pub that is now out of business...
