2	I ordered flowers from this place a couple of times and was dissatisfied both times unfortunately. I would not recommend using this service to anyone and would look elsewhere.
1	I only went to this place because I had a 20$ gift cert there from US Air. It was so deceiving in what you get it's ridiculous. I still spent $50 and thought I was getting a huge bouquet, and it was the smallest thing I have ever seen. Do not believe the pictures. If you have a gift card it is still not worth it. Spend the money at a real flourish and you'll get so much more for your money. Very dissatisfied.
1	I had a terrible time ordering flowers through this service.  I had ordered Christmas flowers for my grandmother to be delivered the day before Christmas.  When I spoke to her on Christmas day, she said she had not received any flowers.  I called FTD the next day and got a lady that was very difficult to understand.  She put me on hold and confirmed that the flowers that I had ordered were not delivered - no apology, no explanation, and no attempt to correct the situation. Seemed surprised that I wouldn't be ok with the flowers being delivered "sometime in the next week or so".  I had to insist on talking to a manager in order to get what I had already paid for.  Will not use this service again.
1	Despite all flowers being depicted online as neatly prepared in a decorated vase, all flowers were delivered "in the vase" without water, in a black box. Not very romantic. Also, none of the lilacs were bloomed until several days later, which then they were gorgeous but beforehand just looked a little sad. When I called the manager, there was no apology or sincerity expressed, just "that's how they come." I would expect a flower company to understand presentation more than anyone. Perhaps not.
1	Unreliable!!Never delivered flowers. Paid extra for same day delivery. Poor customer service, wouldn't refund delivery charge but offered a 20% off my next purchase which I declined at that point..Ill consider another flower delivery service for my flower orders.
1	I purchased a $15.00 for $30.00 groupon. I went to redeem and purchased a 19.99 bouquet of roses and a 9.99 teddy bear, totaling 29.98. Making it a steal of a deal right? BUT WAIT!!!! They forgot to mention there is a $32.00 "service fee" Thus making my 19.99 roses a 45.00 dollar purchase. 60.00 if I didn't have the groupon. I wish I had read reviews first prior to purchase, that obviously would have been a great help!
1	I just received my flowers, literally, 5 mins. ago.  I live in Phoenix, AZ.  The temperature is currently 108 degrees. I opened the box and the vase was so hot I could not take it out of the box without a piece of cloth.  The flowers were hot.  This is actually the second set of flowers sent by FTD, because the same thing happened with the original set of flowers I received last week.  By the next day, my flowers were DEAD. They delivered the flowers in the heat of the day, vase was hot as well as the flowers.  Delivering flowers in Phoenix at 6:00 at night, in a 108 degree heat, where the vase and flowers are literally hot to the touch is unacceptable and insane. I guarantee the flowers I just received will also be dead by tomorrow.  I will never use FTD again ever nor would I recommend them.
