1	Wow this place is the suck.  We ate there twice.  The first time the tofu was massively burned to a crisp and the second time I found a rusty fishing hook in my pasta bowl.  WTF??  I've eaten at other locations and they are just fine, but this one must have bad staff and management problems because they are the SUCK.  Stay away.
3	Good food, reasonable prices. I've been to the location on Univ avenue and it's pretty good.
3	I like the East town location. Good food, love the ability to eat on the patio.
4	Location is a lot different than the downtown one, crazy busy around the lunch hour...but the food...oh the food!  There is nothing like the indo peanut.  It may not be authentic, but it is delicious, for sure.  Worth a stop - be extra nice to the staff, they are awesome.
5	I love Noodles & Company, and fact being this one is only a few miles away from my home when I drive back from work - I always call in for a pick up. My penna rosa is the best from here.
4	I might have found a new addiction. I can't count the number of times I visited Noodles and Company while I was in Madison. I loved it so much that I emailed them to see if they would open one in Auburn. Only time will tell.I really only tried their Asian menu. I tried the Japanese udon noodles and the Vietnamese peanut saute, with the later being my favorite. I've had the Pad Thai in the past- when I lived in Columbia MO, and I remember that being excellent as well.It is fast food but really doesn't feel like it. The food comes to you after you are seated in fine white china. Everything I've tried has been wonderfully made and essentially everything on their menu is vegetarian. You can add a protein if you desire. The only blah item was the Flatbread. I have visited three different locations in Madison. This one is a bit smaller than the one on University but it is still great. The employees keep the tables clean and are always willing to help.I love Noodles. I know I'll be back a few more times before headed back to my village of Auburn.
5	Always a family favorite!  Tastes great, cheap, and filling!
4	Wonderful as always. It's our go-to for a quick bite to eat. Your kids will like the Wisconsin Mac n Cheese. Mine do.
3	It's been 5 years since I've been here ya'll!  The last time I was here I bit down on what appeared to be a rusty piece of metal resembling a fish hook.  However, because we like to live life on the edge we decided to go here again this last weekend.  I didn't have any noodle dishes this time though, I tried the strawberry spinach salad minus the blue cheese and bacon.  It was really, really good.  Everything tasted fresh and the balsamic fig dressing was delicious.   My dining companion and the minor had the Indonesian noodle bowl with tofu, and the thai bowl.  They both seemed to enjoy their dishes.  Guess what?  No one got forked with a piece of metal this time!!!  Indications for going back look good.
5	I go here all the time (about 4 times a month) and i have never had a bad meal or bad service.
2	I love Noodles but this location is going downhill fast. They undercook/ overlook my chicken every time. They are also getting good at under boiling noodles!
5	Food is always great tasting and ready in no time! Also they have a great variety of pastas and sandwiches.  Can't say enough about how awesome this place is!
4	Hidden vegan item bursting with flavor that even the most zealous carnivore could endure: Whole Grain Tuscan Linguine sans cream topped with tofu. Giggity. If you've not had the pleasure of sinking your chompers into their Ride Krispy Treat, you're not living life to the fullest. I'm convinced the generous wedge of ooey gooey marshmallowy goodness is straight out of an angelic bake sale recipe book. I don't want the secret - I just want them to never stop - ever.
4	I think this might be the only place in the area that consistently gets my order right.  I always get take out so I can't speak to the dine-in experience.  My food is always fresh, the proper temperature, nicely packaged and correct.  This location in particular has been very pleasant.
3	Highlights/lowlights 1) lots of gluten free options2) quickNoodles and Company may not come to mind immediately when you are looking for a fast gluten free lunch or dinner....well it should! Noodles and Co. Offers rice noodles   And gluten free corn pasta. Oh the possibilities! You can substitute most of the regular dishes with the rice noodles or g free pasta (not the macaroni and cheese though as the sauce has gluten). The pad thai is gluten free as is so you don't even need to make substitutions. This location has one of those awesome soda machines with every coke product flavor you can dream of Bring on the diet cherry coke!The East Towne location service was really friendly, however there were tons of dirty tables. I understand not cleaning them as quickly when you are slow (I was there for dinner around 8:30pm on a week night) but 7-8 dirty tables with nobody walking around to clean them is kind of gross as the location is small. Overall not a bad place for a quick lunch or dinner with plenty of gluten free options.
4	Grabbed lunch here while passing thru while out of town. Good service, and the fare I've come to expect from Noodles locations.
5	This place is amazing....grew up here and came back from going to school out of state. The service and the variety of options is still as great as it was when I left two years ago. One of the most friendly environments to be in. Clean location and recommend the Penne Rosa with parmesan crusted chicken all day....
4	Always a clean location. Although it stays pretty busy during peak times there is always parking available nearby and a table at which to eat your delicious meal. I'm a fan of the Pesto Cavatappi with Parmesan Crusted Chicken, the Wisconsin Mac & Cheese, and of course, all the Izzy drinks! The service is pretty quick and the staff has always been friendly to me. My only complaint is the amount of moms with kids that show up. It's a great family spot if that's what you are looking for...me, not so much. It forces me to watch my language and topic of conversation with can be somewhat annoying when you just want to relax for lunch.
5	I have been coming to this Noodles and Company for YEARS and have been of many others.. This is still the best quality Noodles, hands down. All clean, and the food always tastes like it was just made, not pre cooked like a lot of other Noodles I've been to.
