3	I like Coldstone...make that LOVE, but this place could definitely do with a few grown-up people at the counter. Last night I went down there for a post-dinner dessert fix. It was around 9, and there was just one person ahead of me in the line, and a group of about 5 teens at the cashier's. There were only two people manning the counter at the time, including the cashier. And both were teenagers. One of them was obviously friends with the group of teens, and they kept chatting and taking their sweet time to bill those people. Neither of the girls at the counter made eye contact or smiled, leave alone greeted me when I walked in, and it was a good 15 minutes before I got to place my order, despite the place being so empty! Seriously, Coldstone @ E. Baseline, get your customer service in place. But the chocolate devotion waffle cone I got more than made up for this sloppy service :)
1	I use to like Cold Stone but no anymore. I always get gummy bears in my ice cream, but they only put a few in there; literally 2 gummy bears for a medium ice cream. It's annoying.
3	Agreed with the other reviewers, this particular one is sort of stingy with their toppings. The couple times I've been in there the employees have been ok though.
5	First off Lindsay and both Mikes, Coldstone measures All their toppings, in EVERY store. It's impossible to get just 2-3 gummie bears.This store is no different than any other. Work at Coldstone and see for yourself. I worked at Coldstone and they are very Anal about toppings, exact measurements, cleanliness of the store and Value. Sounds like a few bitter people on here....
1	K. I'm not a fan of the neg, but coldstones is my least favorite kind of icecream. Some people love it. I don't know what it is about the ingredients. But it didn't taste right to me. Maybe because I'm do used to real foods.
5	This location has been under new ownership and very well run now. The place is very clean, customer service has been top notch, and they have been more than generous with their toppings. I'll visit again and again.
5	Our recent visit back did not disappoint! The staff is friendly and personable, and they are patient with my kids. My husband loves the ice cream cakes and my kids - just love it!
4	Nothing beats a chocolate devotions ice cream on a HOT SUMMER DAY in AZ. Its the combination of the chocolate ice cream with choco chips, brownies and fudge and served with chocolate covered almonds waffle that make is SOOOO GOOD! I won't say no for an ice cream in 100 degrees weather like we are having right now. Really is a guilty pleasures!Although the ice cream was very good, they need to put a sign for the location though. It was hard to find this place and I had to drive all around the Fry's just to look for it. It was hidden in the very end of the South side of Fry's.
4	I got some coupons for this location so I headed out to find it and it's kinda tucked back behind some other buildings so it was a little hard to find.  However, I think that was a good thing because it seems like this location is very busy unlike my normal location at Signal Butte and Baseline.  This location also has 2 lines setup with mix-ins to handle more customers at a time.  They are friendly and the place is clean.  It is everything you would expect from a Cold Stone!
4	I got the dark chocolate peppermint with shredded coconut. So good! Nice service and clean facility.
