4	Had a get-together here. Loved the beer and the atmosphere. On the rooftop there is a clear roof that opens and closes above you, so if its rainy you can still chill out and drink. Very cool!
3	This is a 3.5, the drinks were great, awesome wines by the glass and of course a large beer selection.  However the appetizers were nothing to write home about.  The cheese platter was full of bland boring cheeses that were not worth the price . The pastrami was nearly all fat and dry.  The best thing tried was the duck confit fries and that was slightly above average. Very nice atmosphere, would go back JUST for drinks.
3	Very awesome atmosphere. Only downfall is NO HAPPY HOUR. It is a bit pricey that is for sure. But you are paying for the atmosphere. Their cheapest beer is 5.50$ and ranges to 9$. I just wish they had a happy hour!
2	We would have given this four stars, but we had a terrible customer service experience. We were seated right away on Friday night. The beer list was great, and we ordered two beers that were very tasty. A little too much time passed before our server asked about our food order. We asked about the cheese plate, and our server seemed only slightly knowledgeable. We ordered it anyway ($22), and also ordered the mushroom risotto and octopus. The mushroom risotto was excellent, and the octopus was very good. The cheese plate was also good, except there wasn't enough bread. This is where the bad customer service came in. We asked for more bread, the server told us it would be $5. We balked, and said "we've ordered cheese all over the world and have never been charged for more bread. We want to talk to a manager." Our server went away for a while and came back and said, "my mistake, it's $3". We said, "how about $1", he said he would get a manager. Some woman came over, although she didn't identify her job title. We asked for more bread, gratis. She said, "$3". We suggested that she sell us the bread for the reasonable price of $1, or else she should suggest something else to make us satisfied. She had no suggestions. She said she would talk to the chef, and that she didn't have the right "pull". We said, "we want to talk to someone with pull." At this point, our check was around $100. They really wanted that $3 more than for us to have a positive experience, I guess. After several minutes, "Chris" came by, who seemed to have the necessary 'pull' to get us our darn bread we needed to finish eating our $22 cheese. However, rather than try to make us satisfied customers, he acted defensive.Note to restauranteurs: if folks on $100 checks want bread to enjoy their cheese, don't try to squeeze $3 out of them. A satisfied customer is worth much more than that. We will not be back.
1	Who needs oversized "security guards" harassing people at an upscale establishment?  This place has a really strange vibe!!!  Will not be going back.
4	I stopped by here last week with my wife for a happy hour with some of her coworkers.  Upon entering the building on the first floor we saw that the steps were closed and knowing that the beer garden was on the third floor, we had to ask how to get upstairs.  The hostess directed us to the elevator which is in the exact opposite corner of the restaurant as the one that you enter from.  This seemed to be somewhat counter intuitive as I would think you would want people to be able to get to all of your spaces.  Once we finally made it upstairs you could tell that this was a pretty awesome place. There was a bar the length of the roof as well as a good number of tables.  The tables were not crowded in though and left plenty of room for standing around and hanging out.  The decor consisted of gas lamps with some stringed lights in-between and also what I think is a retractable glass roof that was open the night that we were there.  Their beer list was pretty decent and had about 20 different beers.  Most of these I think were seasonal since it was autumn and the list was dominated by pumpkin beers.  Our server ended up being pretty nice to us and I found service to be decent especially for the number of people that were there.The bottom line for me is that I would head back here again in the future.  While I found the beers themselves to be somewhat overpriced, the vibe of the place was pretty awesome and is what would get me to come back again.
3	When you have friends or family visiting in town, and you want to show off Pittsburgh, Il Tetto is the perfect place to kick off the night. Just as a warning, it is sometimes difficult to get up to this space. The host desk will direct you to an incredibly slow elevator in the back of Emporio to get you up there. I repeat, the elevator is so slow, and if you're with a crowd, it's going to take a while to get up there. When the weather is right, this place is a gorgeous spot to see the city. From the deck, you get to see the city from a new angle, and it boasts a great view of the river.  Early in the evening, the rooftop bar has a laid back vibe. There have been times I've gone later and it has been crazy up there, and impossible to get a table. The draft list is fun, but overpriced for even craft beer lovers.I've been to Il Tetto several times, but only eaten there once. The food menu is small and overpriced compared to the first two floors of the Sienna Mercato establishment. We ordered several small plates including the meat & cheese, and house-made pork rinds. Neither were worth writing home about, and while I enjoyed the view and draft list, I don't think I'd eat there again. This place is perfect for a drink and a view before you head off to somewhere better to eat.
3	Hmmm. Well, the space and rooftop are both beautiful, but I could do without the pretentiousness. Having people wait, albeit not too long, simply for waiting's sake is for other cities, not the 'burgh. And I didn't appreciate having to ask a server if I could order drinks from her as she refused to make eye contact. Just odd. Good draft list! I'll try it again, I think arriving early or late is the key.
5	Love this place!  Every time I come it's always a great atmosphere.  I love the open-air concept.  The drinks are great, but slightly pricey.  The staff has always been friendly.  The music is always awesome on the weekends.  Loved the Christmas decorations too!  Overall, I have nothing but positive things to say!  This has become one of my "go-to" places to hang out on the weekends!
5	A little pricey, but I can't say I've ever left hungry or unhappy. A simple, well-done spot that I could come to over and over.
