5	All I can say is "WOW".  This theater is beyond amazing.  I have never been to the Imax Theater and we were at the Science Center for the Guitar exhibit and I wanted to see the "Born to be Wild" movie.  We only got to see an hour of the film because the power went out, but I will definately be back.  This would be an awesome theater to see an action packed movie.  I can't believe I've never been here before.
5	A trip to the Omnimax Theater is always a good time and I have never left disappointed.  The theater is massive the screen is something like 5 times that of a regular movie screen it's way bigger then the IMAX. Did you know that ever Christmas season the Omnimax screens Polar Express! I mean guys you really feel like you're riding on the train!  Seeing the Polar Express annually has become something of a family tradition for me and the little ones. And how cool was it that Batman the Dark Knight Raises was also screened here? The massive screen  added a layer of epic to the film viewing experience that in no way could be matched by any other theater around town. Tickets for movies at the Omnimax can be purchased separately from the general admission pass to the museum.  I recall ticket prices for shows being any where for $9-$12.00. Bonus it's all set up like a movie theater and is accompanied by a concession stand that serves ICEEs.  I would not suggest it for very little kids under 5 , the sound is very loud and can prove to be frightening and over whelming. I learned this the hard way.
4	I went to a Bob Marley laser show as a 'favor' for my husband...  the lasers were really cool.  I would not recommend them if you are prone to migraines, or have a neuro disorder, such as seizures.I think if the music was more my taste, it would have been awesome.
4	The Omnimax is amazing when you see the movies that were meant to be projected on it--like ""Flight of the Butterflies" and "Born to be Wild."It's not as great for feature films.  I saw Star Trek Into Darkness there recently, and it was eh.  When the camera panned down quickly, there was a rush like on a rollercoaster.  But there was a large part of the frame that was clearly cut off--I could tell when there was text on the screen especially as about a quarter of letters would be missing. On the plus, while the movie tickets themselves run $12 a person, the concessions are crazy cheap...like $3.50 for a big popcorn cheap.  On the negative, on my most recent visit, they did not honor a discount program I belong to, which was pretty lame.
5	I am very proud that there is a dome theater right in our dear Pittsburgh. Tickets are very reasonably priced, less than regular theaters. Even though they mainly show documentaries, it is worth it for the experience. You will lose yourself and feel fully immersed in the splendid images. Trust me, it's better than 3D and no glasses needed. I highly recommend seeing flicks with sceneries. I took my little 4 year-old cousin here to see "Flight of the Butterflies". At one point she was so into the movie that she stood up and reached out her arms trying to catch the butterflies. It was a beautiful sight. Thank you Omnimax for nurturing that childlike wonders.
