5	I've looked everywhere for a classic wallet on a chain. While in Vegas, I went to the boutiques in Bellagio and Wynn and saw that they either had the half moon or a patent quilted WOC. After walking around, I stumbled upon this small boutique in Encore. Ruby was the one who helped me pick out a bag. They had the widest selection of WOC than other locations. I ended up picking out a black lambskin with SHW WOC. (They also had a black caviar GHW, but I already had another bag in that color)I'm super happy with my purchase and would definitely return :)
1	I'm very disappointed on the service here at this shop. If there was no stars, I will give it no stars. I was hitting up xs night club and came across the classic medium with gold chain. A sale lady name Ruby came over to help me out. She had one in Stock and I kindly ask her if she would hold this for me. Obviously I didn't bring my cash and told her I will be returning tomorrow. She said yes no problem. She even checked the system and said she had two in stock. She gave me her business card and cell phone number. The next day I went to go see her. She remembered me and she like oh let me get your bag. She came out with a medium jumbo with SILVER CHAIN. I said no, you put the gold chain on hold her me. Than she said no, silver. We never had gold in stock.  I said I was with 5 other girls in here and all my girls saw the bag. She went In The back room and was in there for a while. She said sorry we don't have it. I asked her want is the point of you saying you will put it on hold for me. She said sorry, I sold it. Store policy said we can't put bags  on hold.   That night she should of told me , come early and purchase your bag. Its first come first serve. I would been happy with thay response.  The worst customer service.  I would never return with my big winnings and shop here or recommend anyone or any client here.
5	I was visiting from Australia and I have shopped at Chanel in numerous different countries (including Paris) and none of them have provided the service I received by Ruby Romero. She has worked for the brand for a longtime and clearly is very knowledgable and passionate. I purchased a pair of the leather Espadrilles, a cuff and classic 2.55 bag. LOVE Chanel, love Ruby and love my new items. If you are looking for world class customer service of course you will find it  in Las Vegas.
3	If I was six feet tall and a size 2 and had a very large bank account, I would drench myself in chanel.  Love the classic look.  Today I just went in because I heard from someone at the Chanel counter in Macys that this Chanel store might know of a new no 5 product that was soon to be out.  Unfortunately, they weren't aware of it so I left a little disappointed but also a little relieve that my wallet wasn't lighter!
