4	I was probably here at the worst possible time.. Meaning the best possible time to write a review.  The staff was completely overwhelmed by the lunch rush. There are a Lot of office buildings around so it's a hot spot between 11a-1p.  But even though they were backed out the door with customers these guys were pros!  It took about 10 minutes to find a parking spot and another 10 to get my sandwich but considering the 15 people in front of me that's not bad at all and the sandwich was great.  Thanks PortOSubs crew you guys were amazing
3	Decent sub for the price. Had a standard "white boy lunch": turkey on white with provolone, black olives, banana peppers, Onions, lettuce, tomatoes, oil, mayo and oregano. Lettuce could have been a little bit more fresh, but overall pretty tasty. Added chips and a drink for about $8 total. Rocky was playing on the TV. Need I say more?
4	This Port of Subs is located in a very busy shopping center surrounded by corporate buildings and businesses. So beware about going during rush times 11 AM - 1 PM. I happened upon this place because it is close to the yoga studio I am currently going to. It's definitely WAAAY on the other side of town from me - but boy was I glad to find one so close to the studio! It makes for quick meal before or after my yoga class.The staff is nice and they're quick. I love POS sandwiches and I rarely happen upon a poorly made sandwich. It has not happened to me here yet. Word of caution - the parking lot is small and the place itself is quite small. So if you do want to eat in it would be best to go AFTER the lunch and dinner rush.
4	Great Sandwich shops are abundant here in the dessert (Jimmy John's, Capriotti's, Jersey Mike's.... This place is just another to add to the listLunch Special Prices:Ham and Salami + Pastrami and Swiss sandwiches: Good Bread, Meats, Veggies.. Simply Satisfying!What stood out most was their service here.. I got here during lunch hours and there was a line that almost stretched out the door. In no time, I gave my order to the lightning fast staff. Looking through the glass, displayed their prep table and deli slicer.. I saw a show of teamwork working under pressure without breaking a sweat, not missing a single customers needs and smiling the whole time doing it. Keep up the great work!
1	Worst service ever!!! The manager David is not only useless and annoying but treats his employees like worthless dirt in front of customers. Will never eat at this location again if he is working!
1	PoS is by FAR my FAV sub place- BUT we went at 6:30pm & it looked closed (half the lights off, mats up, chairs upside own on the tables, and no employees inside) but the sign said they closed at 8! The door was open, the bell rang when we came in, still no one came out- waited another 30 seconds and said "hello! Anyone here are you open?" Girl comes outta the back to take our order, then a male employee comes out of the back and says , "hey baby, I'm gonna - blah blah blah" eeeeyeah more like Port of Sex! Gross! At least she wore gloves making my sandwich. Oy !
4	I work in the vicinity so yes, I frequent this place quite a bit. When you're in the area looking for something healthier, this would be the place.The service is consistently "good" - nothing really stands out. Because of it's prime location - the lunch hours can get quite busy. I usually go after 1 - and to be honest - there has not been a long line the past few months I went.Parking stinks so I usually walk, but if you aren't so lucky - keep in mind their lot is small and they share it with a drive thru Starbucks - you could probably do the math and agree - it STINKS!!Also, this is a tiny location so if dining in is your thing then you may want to skip coming or prepare to wait and be cramped.While Port-o-Subs isn't my favorite sandwich chain, I frequent this location because I haven't had an issue with quality, price, speed or service.
1	POS is by far my favorite sub place.  Beats the other restaurants hands down, but I visited this particular location and the doors were lock 15 minutes prior to the schedule.  That is it, everything else is great.
1	Place is always dirty and employees just stand around when nobody is there. Clearly they think they only need to clean at closing. Don't waste your time here. Drive just down the street and visit the one on badura. They have their stuff together.
3	Pretty solid subs I went with a basic turkey n provolone sub. I would say the subs are priced accurately.  The parking lot is a little tight during lunch hours. Personally I woukd stick with johna deli for hot sandwhiches.
2	While I really like the hand-sliced sandwiches, this location's customer service leaves something to be desired. There were two teenagers behind the counter, and neither one of them were polite. For example, I kindly requested avocado on my sandwich, and one employee simply walked away disgruntled because their avocado bin was empty. The gentleman returned very upset and flung the items on to my sandwich, which caused some of the dressings to hit the protective sneeze-guard.  In addition, this location tends to make sandwiches for everyone in line at the same time. This isn't efficient for the customers that have come in first. I won't be returning to this location; there's another Port of Subs a few blocks away where they are friendlier!
1	Forced to eat here again today due to proximity to work. Tuna sandwhich tastes like cat food. Please someone teach them how to rinse and drain tuna well prior to adding mayo and other ingredients. Will NOT be forced to eat here again. Would rather go without food.
2	I would go to this place all the time when I came in from california. They don't have #portofsubs out in The OC. When I do go in the staff is generally friendly but the food is what I come here for. Today they closed about 10 min early on a Sunday. The tall, skinny, guy with the goatee said he couldn't sever me.. Even though it was 5:50pm. I went to the Starbucks next door, got a coffee and a sandwich and while sitting in my car I noticed 4 other people go to portofsubs and pull in a locked door. All within a 10 min period before 6pm. I just wonder what the business owner would think about these kids closing early?
4	Friendly workers and nice place to grab a sandwich.  I love the mayo and mustard is mixed--makes it taste better.  Clean and consistent.
2	These guys don't deliver. Tried to order once from these chaps when I found them on the store locator, but found that my order was placed outside delivery hours so it was a no-go. Tried again at another time, only to find out they actually no longer offer delivery from this location at all, even though the Port of Subs website lists them as doing so.I eventually managed to contact another location on Badura south of the 215 Beltway that delivers to my area (off of Rainbow & Russell, ironically four or so blocks from this location) that was friendly and professional. If you want a sandwich delivered with a minimum of fuss, contact them instead. Don't bother with the Rainbow location.
