4	Yay!  Very good NY-style, thin-crust pizza.Yes, I know y'all are sick of hearing us yankees complain about pizza, but we take our pizza seriously.  So far, this is the best pizza I've had in the Charlotte region since moving down here 13 years ago.I ordered a lunch special of a slice of pepperoni with a small salad and a fountain drink for $7.50.  I think this is pretty pricey for a lunch special, frankly.  I think this should have been maybe $6 tops.  Not because it's inferior or anything, but just because I don't think a lunch special should be so expensive.  That being said, theirs was a larger-than-usual slice--very generous.  A lot of places take their large pie and take more than 8 slices out of it for their lunch specials, so you get smaller pieces.  Not here.  This is a full slice from a large pie.First, the crust is the most important.  Tony's was nice and crispy on the bottom, and doughy underneath the toppings.  I prefer a big, poufy edge crust, and this was very thin, but it was yummy.  Very good crust, with a little dusting of flour on the bottom.  Perfect for folding in half--the way pizza should be eaten.  Then, the sauce is important, too.  This sauce was just right--not too tangy, not too sweet.  Very simple and tasty.  Lots of places just don't get this right, or they use whatever marinara sauce they usually put on their pasta dishes.  There should be a difference.  This was very good.The pepperoni and cheese were, well, pepperoni and cheese.  Not too much or too little, and very tasty.  I'm not a big fan of lots of toppings (usually just pepperoni & mushrooms for me), so I'll leave the toppings comments to those of you who pile it on.The salad was a typical slice-and-salad kind of salad:  a little clamshell box with lots of pale iceberg lettuce and only 2 little cherry tomatoes (I like lots of tomatoes), but there were lots of black olives and some banana peppers in there, as well as fresh shredded mozzerella on top.  It's just a salad--nothing to get excited about--and I guess it's what you'd expect.  Doesn't matter cuz I'm all about the pizza anyway.I will definitely go back when I need a pizza fix, which is unfortunately all too often for the sake of my waistline, but what can I do?  Guess I'll order a salad with it.  ;)Yous guys enjoy your pies, ya'll.
5	Massive pieces of NY-style pizza with a nice balance of cheese, sauce, and crust.  Authentic and fast...so happy to live nearby.
5	There are 2 great pizza joints in the Ballantyne area and this is one of them.  NY style slices that are thin and large.
4	Great pizza but made the mistake of not doing research before ordering. In a rush to get to a meeting I ordered a personal pizza which should be listed as a small. This thing came on a 12" pan cut into 8 small slices.
4	Great pizza, and the only pizza place I also like to order wings from. Expect leftovers, since their pies essentially come in big, bigger and crazy huge. My husband and I order the "small" for the two of us, and always have leftovers.
5	I agree with Mariano.  There are two GREAT pizza places in South Charlotte, and this is one of them.  Do yourself a favor, and eat here!
3	I have never had the pizza here so this review is based solely on their subs.  I had their cheese steak back a long time ago and remember it being ok but nothing special.  Recently I've tried their Italian sub and cheese steak once again.  The Italian sub is very good made as it is on the menu.  It comes on warm toasted bread with ham, salami, cheese, lettuce, onion, tomato, and oil and vinegar.  Highly recommended!The cheese steak on the other hand just kind of sucks!  It comes with steak, cheese, onion, mushrooms, and peppers.  The ingredients seem fresh enough but its just not that great...the flavor just isnt there and it was kind of salty.  Plus I ordered it with mayo and mustard of which it had neither.  Try Penn Station on Providence or in Rock Hill for a tasty cheese steak.From the other reviews it looks like the pizza is pretty good so maybe I will try that next.  Two thumbs up on the Italian sub, two thumbs down on the cheese steak sub and for that it gets an A-OK of three stars for the time being!
3	Tried Tony's for the first time tonight.  We're talking huge pies here...but you'll pay for it.  We had the house special pizza (pretty much loaded).  Crust was great - thin and crispy, was cooked perfectly.  Sauce tasted pretty much like straight up canned tomato sauce - nothing to write home about.  And the toppings were basic mass produced...for the cost of the pizza I would have expected at least the use of "real" italian sausage rather than just the standard crumbled that you get at Dominos, etc.  All in all, a decent place to get pizza, but I think I'll try somewhere else next time.
5	I'm a fan!  Yummy calzones, garlic knots and thin crust pizza.  The bread on the sandwiches is to die for good.  Try the eggplant parm.  Anytime we head out to eat it is my kids' first choice.  We really think it is the best pizza place in the area.  For a fast casual pizza place it just has a little more character - plus the food and service are consistenly better than anywhere else we have visited.
4	Holy smoked provolone I love this place! The only close second is Libretto's and their location in Ballantyne leaves much to be desired on taste and service...although they do have nice outdoor seating and ambiance. When it comes down to just taste I pick Tony's. You know pizza is good when you don't want toppings, side dishes, condiments, etc. When just a plain slice of hot cheesy goodness is heaven in your mouth, and you start wishing you could eat your weight in it. I am not sure if it's true, but when Tony's first opened one of the employee's told me their crust was so crispy and good because they use water from New York. I am not sure if this means they ship it here or have some sort of reverse osmosis time/space travel machine, but it's great. Tony's crust HAS what many "New York Style" pizza restaurants in the south lack...crunch. Your pizza should have so much cheese it runs of the slice, the cheese should be so salty and delicious you could eat it alone, the sauce should marry the flavor of garlic and oregano on your tongue, and if you have to fold the slice to get its entire girth in your mouth then it should snap almost in half! I grew up mostly in Massachusetts, but I come from New Yorkers and I know good pizza...Tony's is good pizza!
5	This is also called "Tony's Pizza of Ballantyne" on Yelp.This is one of my favorite pizza spots in town.  A true northern style pizza place, and yes, it has big, bigger and OMG that's huge sizes.The smallest pizza is enough for two with leftovers, and for the true pizza aficionados we call it breakfast.  What better way to start the day, than to relive the beautiful emotions you had last night while the pizza was nice fresh and hot.Now that spring is here, it does offer an outdoor covered patio section, and the service is always fast and friendly.Do yourself a favor, drop the larger pizza chains, and give these guys a try. The pizzas are reasonably priced, and I can assure you that you will NOT be disappointed.NCFoodGuy
4	Our office orders Tony's from time to time when we are doing an informal luncheon.  So far, I have only had the cheese pizza.  The sauce is a bit on the bland side for me, but not bad (I just load up on the red pepper flakes!).  The pieces are huge and really fill you up. I generally tend to prefer the "frou-frou" Cali-style pizzas like you get at Wolfman (Chicken Thai, Shrimp & Pesto, or Chicken florentine) or Mellow Mushroom's Jerk Chicken Pizza w/Pineapple, but when I am in the mood for a straight-forward NY style pie, this is a great place to go!
4	Great Italian sub!
5	Best pizza in the area, bar none. Love their NY style large pizzas. I am yet to try their calzones and sandwiches, but I don't think they'll disappoint.
5	I've been searching for NY pizza now for four years and Tony's wins the prize, hands down. Slices twice the size in NY and ambiance feels like your home with the giant NY subway maps on the wall. And, oh yeah, the pizza is superb.
2	I have had better... much better. I will give them this though, their crust is thin and pretty good, but it wasn't the greatest quality cheese and the sauce was kinda sweet Sweet sauce is something you def won't get on NY style Pizza... EVER!!! I was born and raised in NY. Moved to Charlotte a year ago and have been suffering from the food scene here.  Every time I go back to NY (and I do go back quite often) I get pizza and I assure you that Tony's does not compare...
5	I love Tony's for lunch.  Go there all the time.  I get a big slice for a great price.  Well worth it.
4	Went there last night for dinner with the family.  It wasn't crowded when we got there, but when we left it was packed.  I ordered the calzone with ham & pepperoni and it was great!  The outside was thin and nicely cooked.  Inside creamy ricotta and mozzarella added to the flavor.  The meat was "ok" all in all a nice calzone.  We got 2 "personal size" pizza's.....one white and the other plain cheese.  Crust was defined which is hard to find down here, the sauce was flavorful and sweet.Great value from a tried and true favorite!!!
5	First, let me start by saying that you can only get NY pizza in one place....NY. Im a native NYer, and Im certian there is no such thing as 100% authentic NY pizza anywhere else. But, for a New York style pizza place in North Carolina, Tony's is exceptional, by far the best I've had. The crust is thin, but thick enough to fold, the sauce has the right  balance of flavor and the cheese and toppings are great. After trying one pie and the garlic knots, Im a loyalist; I wont be going anywhere else.
1	This is based on a sandwich I had today.Had the chicken parm sandwich.  This was horrible.  The chicken was like chicken nuggets.  Only four small nuggets on a 12" sandwich.  Bread was good but was very disappointed.  Maybe the pizza is good but don't get the chicken parm.
5	The pizza is awesome!!! The garlic knots off the hook!!! Service so so but who cares after that 1 st bite!!! Never had anything else on the menu, but pizza is great!!!!!
3	It had been years since I had Tony's Pizza and it was at a different location.  I now know why.  It's another alleged NY style pizza place, and while it's not terrible, there is just no flavor to it.  The sauce needs a little spice and/or sweetness to it.  The Greek salad we had was good.  Overall, I'm glad I had a Groupon that I bought with referral credits so the pizza and salad only cost me a few bucks.  I'll probably stick to Libretto's or Lorenzo's for a while.  I will say the people at Tony's were nice and they did not skimp on the cheese.
4	Just moved into town and had a craving for Pizza. Took a chance and ordered a large combo and it was delicious!!  Will definitely order again. I only wish they delivered.
5	3 Totally Awesome Reasons to LOVE this place:1. Huge slices...so big they don't fit in the to go boxes! Literally they flip the ends up just to fit....and they are delicious! If you love NY style pizza...this is the place you will want to go! And trust me one slice will fill up up!2. And someone has already said this but its soooo true! They have the BEST garlic knots I've ever had! Always hot and greasy, plenty of garlic and a delicious sauce on the side to dip them in....mamma mia!!!! So good!!!3. Subs are delicious too! I've had the Italian sub and its on crunchy toasted bread, loaded with meat and your veggies and wrapped on the plate in reynolds wrap....come in 8" and 12"I've never been disappointed with anything on the menu...everything is reasonably priced and super delicious! Will I be back....OF COURSE!
4	really like this place.  super nice staff.  always clean.  gluten free crust option.  fast, hot and fresh food.
5	Gluten free option a real bonus. Best NY Style we've had in Charlotte area.
5	All I can say is this is the BEST pizza in the south east...Taste just like NYC style pizza. I went there on Saturday around noon.  It was not crowded my sister-inlaw  ordered  a large cheese  pizza which was HUGE and they got one bigger than that. Also a basket of the garlic knots. mmmmmmm it was delicious. I will be going back there again...This place can be seriously addictive.
4	Definitely a fan of this place. It's been a long time since I've had a good slice of cheese pizza that actually reminds me of a of the slices I had in NY years back. Tony's really does a great job. Goodness gracious, check out my photo for the scale of a single slice. It's the size of a small planet, food with it's own zipcode, it's own weather system, and website. Massive, to say the least, and so good. You've gotta fold one of these monsters. Unless you decide to go the fork and knife route, of course. At less than $3 per, two of these guys and a cup of water is a mighty fine and cheap choice for lunch. The greek salad and garlic knots were just fine, too. The knots could slay a vampire from behind a steel door. Garlic and garlic aroma: plentiful. The service is fine. A little aloof at times and their methodology behind announcing when your order is ready escapes me as being close to efficient. Customers just jammed at the counter and they were trying to figure out whose order was whose. Just a cluster. The prices are super affordable and the food is great. I'd come back in a heartbeat if I were craving a good slice of pizza.
4	Great service, great food! Plain and simple.
2	Hello Friends,Short and sweet. Once I caught the eyes in the young lady at the counter that was taking pictures of herself I ordered 1 slice on pizza. Once I got it I did my fold test... It failed. In fact it cracked. Huh?? Yes.. Cracked. Pizza came out piping hot though so that's a plus. May try them again, if so I'll update my review. But if not, I can always think back to the crunchy crust "Ny pizza" I had. I'm pretty greedy guy so the 3 plate slice of crunchy pizza was well worth the 3 bucks. Don't mind that at all. TTFN
5	Lay one of these ginormous slices on me any time!  Lost count of the times famished me hit this place for cheese and pepporoni to go, and I'm  far from the only one in line.  NY style for sure with a chewy thin crust and lots and lost of slightly spicy and thicker cut pieces of pepporoni dashed with a more than generous helping of oregano.They pop it in the oven, and mere minutes later you have a piping hot slab of deliciousness to go!One slice is guaranteed to put your hunger to rest!  I must admit, I've never ordered a whole pizza or dined in, but I will remedy that some day!  A very casual and old school atmosphere, great for kids or a casual dinner or stop before heading somewhere else for the evening,
4	As a die-hard New Yorker, one thing I do know is the difference between good and bad pizza. Delicious options.Homemade baked ziti, crispy jumbo slice pizza, and Philly steak are my favorites. Been twice in two weeks and planning on going in a couple days.....found my home away from home
2	We ordered a large cheese pizza. Everything was good until we found a sharp piece of hard plastic baked into the pizza! We added a photo of the unexpected topping. Save your money and skip the garlic knots. They were small and not worth the price.
2	Big pie by the slice!I fellow NYer took me here for a quick slice of pie.  She said it's the closest to real NY pizza.  The portion was large for the price.  I asked for sausage and onions on our slices and they had to cook the ingredients from scratch--got our slices about the time our company was finished!  The dough was a bit flat and the cheese tasted cheap and old.We won't be going back.
3	Good for corporate work functions - but not necessarily what you want at home on a Saturday night... I do admit that I continue to order it as the location is so darn convenient - perhaps I need to try more than just the pizza?
4	After visiting their Galleria location, I thought I'd check out this location & once again I was pleased. The food & prices are great and this location definitely had a larger crowd & friendly service.
4	I eat here for lunch often, you cant beat there lunch deals. Pizza if always pretty good, salads or also decent. For 7 bucks u cant beat that for lunch. The staff is always nice
4	Very good piece of pizza, I got one pepperoni and one cheese by the slice. Huge pieces for only 3 dollars each. Tastes just like NY.
5	We come back over and over, driving to get pizza vs delivery, and its totally worth it!  genuine NY style.  The cheese & toppings are fresh & have rich taste like top-quality should!  Price for the amount of food is also great!  Like real pizza should, they use a real pizza oven, not a conveyer belt! Keep it up Tony's!!!!
4	Love this place, usually hit it at lunch.  You can get two giant slices of cheese or pepperoni or a slice, salad and drink for $8.  I'll usually get the two slices and eat the second for dinner that day.
5	NY Syle Pizza!!!!! I have been going to Steele Creek in order to get NY style pizza since I moved here four years ago. There is such terrible pizza and charlotte and now I am glad I found something close to where I live, however, it would be awesome if the delivered (hint hint). Let me not forget to mention, the guys behind the counter are very friendly, very attentive and rembered me only after two times. I am a HUGE fan of great customer service and its nice to be remembered.
4	Tony's Pizza is a great place to pick up lunch in the Ballantyne area. They have an extensive menu with several New York and Sicilian-style offerings. In addition to pizza you can also get calzones, stromboli, ravioli, lasagna, ziti, among many other different pasta dishes. I've only tried the pizza and stromboli but have been very pleased with both. The fare is slightly greasy so be careful if you're in business dress. Definitely check them out if you're in the Ballantyne area.
5	If you don't know by now from the other posts, these slices are HUGE. I haven't found NY- style pizza better than this in Charlotte. A great place to go for lunch, bring the kids, or a cheap date night.
4	I like Tony's. I've had authentic pizza (straight from Italy) and this didn't seem to be too far off. I usually opt for a tomato and spinach combination (gotta get the greens in there somewhere), and I've never been disappointed. The service is also pretty good--the guys (I've never seen a female employee) are usually friendly and the orders are made in a timely manner. It's minutes from my job and the only reason I don't frequent here more often is because I can't eat pizza everyday. But you're alright in my book Tony. You're alright.
2	Tony's Pizza just isn't very good. I'm sorry to dissent from the positive reviews and I suppose it's possible we just happened to go on an atypically unimpressive day, but we found our visit to be a real disappointment. My husband ordered the sausage and peppers sandwich and it had absolutely nothing going for it; there wasn't even cheese (bizarre).  Just the appearance of it would be enough to send anyone who likes sausage and peppers sandwiches into a deep depression. He ended up just forgetting about it and we picked him up a different meal on the way home. We ordered the chicken strips and fries for our toddler and they gave us half the number of strips that is listed in the description and simply explained that they ran out of them yet still charged us for the full order (weird). It was frankly as if the staff was aware that the place was mediocre and had utterly given up even the pretense of customer service.  When we arrived, we were the only patrons there yet when our food was ready, it wasn't brought to our table. Someone barked and so my husband went and picked it up. It was just an oddly missed opportunity to do the obvious thing and bring the food the 20 feet between kitchen and table. I had pizza and it was fine but unremarkable. If someone wanted to pick up a pie to bring home, I wouldn't try to persuade them not to. If they wanted to eat there or order that "sandwich", I would offer to help them find a better lunch/dinner option.
4	Tony's is not my all time favorite pizza, but it is pretty tasty when you are craving a big ole slice. I like that I can stop in at lunchtime and get a slice along with a salad & drink for around $8.  They are super quick so I can get in & out in a hurry.  They have a house-made dressing that is good... I think it is Italian. The garden salad is not just iceberg lettuce with tomatoes - it also includes good stuff like cheese, black olives & banana peppers. As far as my pizza, I always get plain cheese & the flavor of the sauce comes through. It is pretty good sauce.  The slices are ginormous, so folding it to eat is a must.
3	Pretty good pizza especially when you're on the go. I found that it was a little too oily on top, but I was starving!!! We initially decided to sit in, but forgot that we had a hair spot for my son in Waxhaw which was about 25 mins away so we asked for it to go. If I feel like a slice of pizza, I'd definitely go back. I felt a little creeped out by one of the guys working there. He was staring at me like he was trying to figure out what my race was. STILL! Why you gotta be so rude...?
