1	As a surprise for my mother I purchased her a DELUXE MANI/PEDI on Groupon. She mentioned she needed a pedicure desperately so I searched Groupon for something that was above and beyond the basic service, she scheduled an appointment yesterday. Based on other Groupons there is the difference between a basic and a deluxe (taken from multiple different deals):* The deluxe mani/pedi comes with a sugar scrub, as well as a paraffin treatment. The basic mani/pedi only includes filing, cutting/trimming, cleaning, and nail polish application.* The deluxe mani-pedi swaddles feet in steaming hot-towel treatments before a massage loosens tense leg sinews and kneads sore hand muscles. * The deluxe manicure or pedicure is twice as long as the regular treatment and includes twice as much hand or foot massage, plus a hydrating mud masque or a soothing  paraffin dip.*  The basic mani/pedi only includes filing, cutting/trimming, cleaning, and nail polish application. The deluxe mani/pedi includes a scrub/soak & paraffin treatment.As you can see it's pretty standard across the board that a DELUXE mani/pedi includes more than just slapping some lotion on the legs, trimming and painting the toe nails. (The Groupon also mentions they have a standard and a deluxe, I'd hate to see what the standard gets you)This however was NOT my mother's experience. She was told it was an additional $5 for her to use a salt scrub and an additional $5 for her to use a file on her heels These are all services that should be included in a DELUXE pedi, if it's not then they should have just called it a basic pedi and saved me $25. The lady next to my mom was just leaving with beautiful toes. My mom assumed the glitter on her toes was from glitter nail polish, who wouldn't? Well my mom asked if she could have that same polish on her toes, little did my mom know that it was actually regular polish with glitter applied, oh and it would be a $5 charge which she was told AFTER the fact. So I spent $25 for the Groupon, my mom spent $15 on charges that should have been included since it was a DELUXE PEDICURE. Then when my mom went to pay the $20 the lady had the nerve to ask her if she needed change back. You NEVER assume a tip, my mom would have tipped her on her own, but to ask for one is HORRIBLE customer service. I called yesterday for clarification and the lady who spoke way too fast for me to completely understand seemed to think it was pretty funny we were over charged, lied to and treated poorly, she stated the reason they say deluxe is it gets more people in the door. I will NEVER make an appointment here, my mother will NEVER be back and hopefully you won't either.
1	Thanks for the heads up! Thanks to the reviews I will not be going here to get my nails done.
1	I soooo wish I would have read the other review!!! Same thing happened to me it said spa mani pedi and let me say my app was at 11 and I was finished and in my car at 11:30. Not to mention it was dirty they used dirty used files on me and she threw my toe nails in the pedi bath gross!!! and if she does that with everyone someone is going to get an infection it's just a matter of time. Along with a bunch of other unsanitary things. I won't be shocked if I end up with some kinda fungus....
