3	The irony of chairs so uncomfortable I ended up flat on my back on the hard marble floor and in tears is hard to escape.... although I have to say for low back pain that cold marble felt good.Once I got beyond the lobby everything was fine.  I wasn't thrilled with needles in my spine but if it gets me to a point where I'm not always in pain, I'll live with it.I was early, they were late.  Seemed like it took forever to get wheeled into the procedure room but maybe 5 minutes and it was done.  At least they didn't even give me time to say "ouch"!
1	Update: 9-23-14  Downgrade to one starI spent an hour on the phone this morning with my insurance company.  Here I have a procedure that will likely relieve me 30 years of pain or at least reduce it a lot and what is happening?1. Blue Cross Blue Shield will cover having everything done in one procedure so my time off (upaid) and recovery (upaid) and need for a ride (hard to find when everyone I know works days are better for me and one sedation and one procedure is less risk of complications and infection.  2. I got a call back from Innovative Procedural and Surgical Center saying they follow Medicare guidelines even though I'm not on Medicare and Medicare requires the procedure be done on one side, then wait 2 weeks and do the other side. (They didn't even address the fact they said they were in network and they are not and one part of the business is and one part isn't and they didn't bother to inform me????)REALITY: Blue Cross Blue Shield will cover having it all done at once but the 2nd side is considered the same area and is covered at a reduced rate.  By splitting it into two procedures they are increasing their reimbursement but it is absolutely not medically necessary nor is it required by my insurance company.Since they won't make the MEDICALLY CORRECT decision because it isn't to their financial advantage, I now have to consider alternative pain management which is bound to be drugs.Twenty five years of pain and there's a glimmer of hope to not be in pain and this is what happens?  I have no complaints about the quality of care.  They definitely know what they are doing but ETHICS of the business side are questionable.Sooooo..... off I go to file a complaint with the board and my insurance company which means my chance of getting quality care from this facility are now zero.How depressing is that?--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------So I have had the 2 uncomfortable test procedures and it seems the bigger procedure is likely to work.  Now the problem... two procedures one for each side of my spine?   why?  Insurance won't pay for both sides?  Hard to believe.  Working through that with staff because I know insurance is a pain in the ass for everyone....BUT now I have billing problems.  I made sure to ask at the first appointment if they were in network.  WELL... one part of the business is and one isn't and NO ONE bothered to mention that.  It's a mess.Am I supposed to be a mind reader?  After 30 years of pain, pain, pain there's finally a glimmer of hope of some relief and I just want to getting it done yet - nothing is ever easy.I just want to be pain free and I've managed to managed a pretty crunched back with little/no meds for decades.  Hope in the procedure and hopelessly entangled in a mess!The first specialist I saw couldn't believe I could walk.  I'm blessed I'm even mobile so now the one procedure that can take away the pain is within reach yet so distant it's not even funny!.... and if anyone wonders why there are so many drug addicts, this would be it.  The alternatives are so hard to get!  (I'm sort of fortunate that I'm hypersensitive to all the drugs everyone else gets addicted to so they work but make me puke!)If anyone knows their way around BCBS coding and wants to help, write me privately.  This is a joke.
1	DEHUMANIZING - stay away!!!Update 10-13-14.  I had another appointment with Dr. Wu and lo and behold, he changed his medical opinion.  Imagine that!  First it made no difference if I had the RF procedure done all at once or in two visits, now the only option is 2 visits.I asked for options.  He gave me a script for anti-inflammatories (which I can't take due to stomach problems) and referred me to another Pain Management place.  Some options, huh?In the process of trying to actually *pay* these guys (who by the way say they are in network with BCBS but only the other half of the practice is so that is a mess!) I had a conversation with the head of nursing who was the only compassionate person in help. First it was a billing issue and then I bitched about two procedures and he was genuinely surprised.  "They want to do one side at a time?"  Yes.  "Really?"  Yes... I want both sides done.  It doesn't make sense to split them. It's just for more money.  "But we always do his procedure bilaterally."  Really.  More discussion, his face furrows in what I think is confusion. He offers to go talk to the office next door.  The only caring person in the place disappears... maybe forever.  I guess the guy bucked the system.  Now, to add injury to injury and insult, I went to the place they referred me who over the phone said that they would do the procedure all at once and had done man times but guess what?  uh-huh.  The story changed.It's like the doctor's mafia. Cross one and you cross them all.Although I have zero complaints about Dr. Wu's care, clearly he caved to the cash and not on the side of care.Let me throw a few adjectives out the important descriptives on the practice:- Insurance scammers- Non-medically based decisions- Misrepresent the facts on "in network" and not "in network"- Procedure mill- greedy and "anything for a buck"- doctor comes first, not patientJust to summarize my outrage:30 years of pain and finally hope of no pain and no drugs.2 painful test procedures to get approved for longer lasting procedureAfter 2 test procedures I found out both that they were not in network AND the final procedure they were going to split in two because they make more moneyThey didn't care if it was more time off work for methey didn't care if it was more medical transport money for meThey didn't are if it was to recuperation periods for meThe didn't care it doubled my risk of infectionThey didn't care if it doubled my risk of complications/side effects from sedationThey didn't care about me at all.They only care about how much money they can make and how many procedures they can do.I hope Dr. Wu moves to another practice where he is allowed to do the right thing by the patient and is not controlled by Dr. Burkhead's greed.  (He's the Chief Medical Officer and responsible for this ridiculous "policy" not dictated by medical need!)
