4	I like this place.  It is more expensive and has less selection than some other grocery stores (ahem, Woodman's), but it has it's own thing going on and I dig it.They have this Food Miles program that tells you how many miles away much of their local items have traveled.  If you like buying local (from produce to New Glarus beers) Metcalfe's makes it super easy.This particular location is almost finished with a nice remodel, and since it is the closest grocery store to me, I swing by often to grab that pesky item I'm all out of when cooking up a meal.Also of note, there is a Redbox at this store which I frequent.
4	I have heard a number of good things about Metcalfes but have never shopped there until today.  Overall it was sort of a mixed bag.   Let me list the reasons why.First the positives:   There is an emphasis on cleanliness right when you enter the store with hand sanitizers and also a clean floor and clean doors.  There is a lot of room which is in contrast to other grocery stores that do not leave enough room for you to shop.  They carry some unique selections on cheese, sausage and other items that you will not find at other stores.   They have a nice bakery, meat counter and deli counter with adequate and knowledgeable staff.  I bought a T-bone steak and it was truly delicious.  Nice bags to carry my groceries home with.The negatives:  Pricey.  I found a number of items that were more than I usually pay for them at my regular grocery.   Disorienting.  One department blends into the next without a clear defining line.  This is only in the outer areas of the store.  Maybe this is something you can get used to if you shop there a lot.  I got some filled doughnuts and they were way too sweet for me.  Too much frosting and too much filling.  One doughnut was difficult to finish.  The bags are so nice but I wonder about their environmental impact and cost.Overall you can tell that people are really working hard here to make this a good store and I am personally glad to have them here in Madison.  But, I get a strange vibe here and don't know for sure what it is.   I love grocery stores, how they tantalize my taste buds and get me to consider buying new items.  I didn't get this here.  Instead I felt led toward high priced items and turned around this way and that.   I almost never shop the middle of the store except for a few items so the outside is what needs to draw me in and keep me coming back for more.  The one thing that did do this was the meat counter.   Their cuts of steak were not only beautiful and thick but the ones I purchased were terrific.   So I will stop back again if only for some steak.Update:They have cleaned up the front area so it is easier to navigate.  This is a really nice store.   I find myself shopping here more for some very good selection and great steaks.
3	Blergh! I guess when you get uber used to something, it's hard to feel at home anywhere else? I wanna pop back and give this Metcalfes another try when I'm on that side of town, but it ain't no Hilldale, I'll tell ya that much. Smaller. Sparsely staffed. Colder/darker interio. (Really, they need more lighting up front.) The gents behind the meat counter were very kind. They had awesome looking flank steaks when I was there which I can't say Metcalfes at Hilldale always has. Bonus. I think anyone on that side of town would say it's a welcome addition, but that's because they don't know the joy that is Metcalfes Hilldale.
4	Def not as "glamorous" as Hilldale, but still a great shop stop. What you can find here, you can find there, but I'll still note a few perks that make this a happy place for me...Awesome frozen fish! I've purchased ahi tuna for homemade sushi rolls, and have LOVED every fillet. It's fresh, no fishy smell, and the taste is always phenomenal.Great place to stop and pick up nibbles for a cocktail party. Awesome meats and cheeses, and super tasty crackers to spiffy up your munchie tray. Love the drank selection. Awesome wines and beers from around town. A bit more expensive than elsewhere, but a great option when picking up some for a gathering.Lastly, EVERY employee greeted me and asked if they could help me. Everyone!  Now, that's pretty rockin'.
4	I wondered for a year if this place would ever get up to speed. It seemed like the conversion from Cub Foods to Metcalfe's took forever - and every time I went, I left disappointed (because it wasn't even close to the fabulousness that is their Hilldale store).Well, glory hallelujah - it's finally finished! It's much larger than the Hilldale store - in fact, it feels almost cavernous by comparison. But that's not a dig - there's nothing I hate more than an overcrowded grocery store. The lighting is interesting - spotlit in the fresh food areas and deli, with standard overhead lighting in the supermarket aisles.Now, I have to say, I haven't done a "full shop" at Metcalfe's - and probably won't. Their prices on standard grocery items are MUCH higher than those at other stores in the area (Woodman's, most notably). But frankly, I don't think that's why one shops at Metcalfe's. It's for the lovely produce, great bakery and top-notch specialty items, as well as the terrific deli and ready-to-eat foods (soups, salad bar, etc). One of my very favorite things is that they always have chopped or shredded rotisserie chicken on their salad bar. Sometimes I by-pass the salad and just get a container of chicken - a welcome short-cut to a homemade frittata, risotto, or gumbo. (Of course, I probably shouldn't have mentioned that - because now everybody will do as I do, leaving me SOL when I need chicken.)In fact, I've developed a little Sunday ritual - grabbing a latte at a nearby coffee shop, then stopping into Metcalfe's for a little "coffee and" from their wonderful selection of local, artisanal pastries. It's a lovely moment of tranquility before I dive back into the work week.
2	Every time I go to this Metcalfes I'm hoping it will be as good as the one at Hilldale, and every time I leave disappointed!  Two biggies:(1) The fish counter.  C'mon, you've been open over a year but its about 1/3 the size of the one at Hilldale!(2) The deli (sliced meat) counter-- at Hilldale there will be 3 people behind the counter, 6 customers being served, and you can get what you need in no time.  At this Metcalfes, there will be 4 people behind the counter (2 doing who-knows-what-- wrapping something up, fiddling around with something), 2 customers being served, and it takes FOREVER to get through.That second point touches on the biggest complaint I have about this store relative to the Hilldale store: Service.  The Hilldale folks have this locked down-- serve the customer first!  The folks working at this Sentry have not been in their positions as long and really don't seem to have this same mindset.
4	I was pleasantly surprised by this store - they did an excellent job of converting the old Cub Foods into a very nice, well laid-out Metcalfe's. I gotta' disagree a bit with my peeps; I felt it was plenty big and offered a great selection of goods. I didn't have an opportunity to check out the butcher/deli/produce section; I was on a mission to grab a few quick items, so perhaps Hilldale is better in those departments...
4	Thrilled to see a west side location.  That said, the deli is miniscule compared to the Hilldale store, which is disappointing.  There's just not even close to the same variety.  When I buy deli turkey, I like it shaved very very thinly, but they argue with me everytime.  Checkouts move much more quickly than Hilldale and the area beyond the registers is much less congested than Hilldale.  The worst thing about this store is that it suffers by comparison to Hilldale in lots of ways, but is still outstanding!Also, I needed groceries delivered in the past due to surgery - Metcalfe's delivery service is excellent.  You order on line and pick a 2-hour delivery window.  They choose fresh items carefully and make sure the expiration dates are as far out as possible.  If you don't like the fruit/veggies/meat they pick, they'll replace it.  Very friendly, helpful delivery staff - carried the bags in and put them where I asked, which helped a lot.
4	Great place to shop. Friendly employees who are very helpful. Offers wide variety of products from local providers.
5	I love Metcalfes! We used to shop at the Hilldale location but it's a bit too far from us to be convenient. My wife and I really did not like the old Cub Foods but Metcalfes Market is totally remodeled and the quality has increased across all departments in the store. It's our first choice for grocery shopping because of the fresh produce and meat. The selection is excellent for a store of it's size. The staff is helpful and friendly as well. It's well worth your time to check this place out!
4	I'm  a regular shopper here.  The interior and exterior are so much  more appealing than the old Cub Foods that was here. Fantastic deli and quick meal selection. Good bulk food section, wide variety of 'local' food stuff. Never crowded, pleasant employees.  Only negative is price.
5	I love, love, love this store and wish I had found it sooner! I prefer this location to the Hilldale one since parking is easier and the store is less hectic.  At the Hilldale location, I have literally had to wait 15-20 minutes at times for the deli counter.  I don't know about you, but I don't need lunch meat that badly.  They carry Boar's Head lunch meat and will ask you how you like it sliced.  Their produce is amazing, and to be honest, doesn't cost much more than the local store that is known for including free fruit flies with their produce.  You don't have to worry about needing to throw it away after 3 days, so your money is saved right there.  They have an amazing bakery section and also an amazing cheese selection.  You can find quality butcher meats on sale for very reasonable prices as well if you watch their ads.  I haven't tried their various salad bars, but everything looks really fresh.  I would say that this is the best grocery store in Madison.
5	I'm a die hard Metcalfe's fan, and I recently became even a bigger fan of this location. They have so many gluten free options - even a bigger selection than the location at Hilldale, I think. It's also all in one place, which makes it easier to shop instead of searching and searching around the store.
4	Summer revelers,take note this is the perfect spot for grabbing some essentials for your Millennium Park picnic or concert escape.This store was designed for smart city living stocking produce/butcher/bakery/prepared foods/floral on the street level, and frozen/packaged items on the lower level.
