4	I don't know how long this place has been here, but I love it! I found it when I went to Nora's when it used to be open, and it is just the cutest little boutique! Best thing about this place, they have only a few items per each size. So not everyone is wearing the same thing as you. They also have a lot of purses of all sizes and very cute jewelry. They are very reasonably priced, a little higher than you would pay at Old Navy, Forever 21...but I think it's better quality and the customer service is very good. They girls help you find whatever you need when you go in. The only downside is I have problems finding things small enough to fit me. I wish they had extra small for petite people like me.
5	Francesca's.....oh Francesca's.I love this store. From the time you walk in the door, you are greeted with a color coordinated style paradise. There is quite the variety of styles for every taste. There are minimal pieces in each size which I like because it cuts down on running into someone with the same dress/blouse you have (not that it happens to me very often, but I like the idea).The prices are great especially when they are having one of their many buy one get one 50% off sales (sign up for their e-mail list). Great purse and accessory selection as well if you are into that. The other thing that gets me is the unique gift section. They have silly flasks, home items and books if you are looking for something fun to buy for someone. My only gripe, which is not a real gripe, is they get new styles in so often, I find myself unable to control my spending and find myself shopping in there way too often.
4	Great little gem so cute. Okay you walk in and there's color everywhere. Makes this place warm and inviting. Although there's a lot to take in it's not over whelming. Take your time and there's something sure to please. I have been here in quick trips too. You know the trip, I'm gonna run in see if they have something before I head off to dinner/drinks/party that I knew about weeks ago. Well they never disappoint and are always helpful.
