3	Average McDonald's chain.
1	Customer service is getting WORSE. So many staff, yet they can't stop texting to wait on more than one person at a time . SAD.
2	This is my first time back to this location after multiple bad experiences.  I have spoken with a member of the upper management team and I feel that he really doesn't care that I'm complaining about his service.  I have been told by this individual that since he doesn't see it, he doesn't believe it actually happens, or that the employee in question is having an off day.  She seems to have a lot of them.  He also doesn't believe in the reviews that are being posted on sites such as Yelp, foursquare or other social media sites.  It's view as a way for complainers to complain, yet I see a lot of positive reviews.The fact that they close down an access point on Saturday nights due the car show and then again on Sunday evenings for their deliveries, makes getting into the parking lot a bit of a hassle, but that is what it is.So I don't go hear as often as I once did, but that is my choice.
3	I've been to this location several times and have never had an especially bad experience.  The service is kinda slow, especially in the dining room because the drive through is always busy and they get priority.  There's just not a lot of room to wait around while they are making your order and they are on to taking the next one.  The playground is nice and seems clean but I have no idea how often they clean it.  Overall it's a pretty average McDonald's.
1	Worst McDonalds anywhere! If I could rate them lower than a 0 I would. I went thru the drive thru and my son pulled in behind me. When I got to the window I paid for my son's order. When my son got home I asked him why he didn't at least thank me and he was clueless. Seems the employee (Zack)  took his money as well as mine.  OK so call me dumb because I trusted a McDonalds employee to do the right thing but when I called the manager to report what happened, she said (1) she couldn't look at the video tape of the event and (2) she would count the drive thru drawer to see if the money was missing. Really?  Oh my what kind of manager is that clueless? What good would counting the drawer do if the kid stole the money and put it in his doggone pocket? AND, I have worked with security cameras at 4 different locations and have never not had instant access to the video footage. I don't believe she was telling me the truth. Imagine that? Regardless, I will not return to this McDonalds ever again.
3	Just stopped in for a pancakewich for me & my little lady, smoothie for my baby & mocha frappe for me. Quality of food, considering its McDonalds, was good in comparison to other McDonalds. Drive-Thru personnel was friendly. It was a good start to our morning
1	Wow...Customer service here is almost non-existent. Really, really wish I was kidding! For the second time in two weeks, I went threw the drive thru yesterday morning to get family breakfast. While the order takers were friendly each time, there's a big miscommunication (or maybe no communication) somewhere between the first and second window, or maybe between the two windows and the kitchen. Whatever the case may be, it's pretty awful! The first time I was told to pull around to the curb that my food was not ready and would be a few minutes later. The wait was 9 minutes. Yesterday, I was told the same.. "Pull around to the curb, and we'll bring it out in a few minutes." (Keep in mind both times, I only had 2 biscuits...1 sausage biscuit, 1 plain biscuit...pretty much the most simple McDonald's order ever). It appears the car behind me was told the same. Approximately 8 minutes later, an employee comes out to my car with a large bag, "You had the order of 12 biscuits, right?" No, there were two. The 12 ended up belonging to the car behind me (also waiting on the curb). He says mine will be out in just a few minutes. At this point, I begin counting cars coming out of the drive thru with full orders (like, not being told to wait at the curb). Car count is 12. This is also 12 additional minutes since someone has been out (with the wrong order of course the first time). That's 20 minutes and at least 12 cars later!!! I drove away, with no breakfast in tow. It wasn't even worth my time to go in, complain, and/or ask for my $2 back. What I do know, is that was my very last time through this McDonalds and for now weekend breakfast will be coming from somewhere else.
