4	Place just opened not to long ago, Wife and I wanted something simple, so we tried quite a few things! I had their Italian Beef sandwich, it was very tasty, nice cut on the beef and you have a options with hot peppers or sweet peppers, I tried it with the sweet so my wife can try it. One of the best sandwich I have had for a very long time. Wife had their cheeseburger, this was also very good, Then we shared their hot dog, its a Vienna beef dog, served on a kysor bun. Place is a Chicago style food joint, which I am not very accustom to, but what ever it is, it's very good. We will diffidently eat here often.
4	Very good Chicago dog.
3	I had the beef and sausage combo sandwich.  I assumed they came with peppers since they didn't ask me if I wanted some.  You know what happens when you ASSume.  YEP I was an ass because there weren't any peppers and the meat was really dry.  The sausage however was very good and the fries were ok.   Dear Owner...If your staff is selling Chicago "style" sandwiches and dogs don't let them dress in Texas Longhorns and Dallas Cowboys shirts.  I hate to be a purest but C'mon it's a Chi-Town kinda place; live up to that.  I may be back because there's nothing closer that reminds me of my favorite city.
5	Outstanding in almost every way, only thing is they put the fry's on the bottom of the bag so by the time I got home (10min) I had one big fry. As for the guy bitching about dry beef ask for gravy again you ASSumed it was a given. Oh one more thing they close to early I think 7PM.
3	It was a treat to find a taste of Chicago in Surprise this visit. Stopped in and had the Italian beef, a combo and hot dog. The bread was dry, the beef could've been more tender. The hot giardineria made up for the short falls. Overall, it was a nice surprise. Har.Oh, and skip the fries. They were greasy and limp.
4	I've read several reviews of this place and others and I'm getting mighty tired of people from Chicago or New York or wherever blasting local restaurants because they don't have "authentic" food from their home town; pizza, hotdogs or whatever. This is PHOENIX. It's not Chicago. It's not New York. It's not St Paul, Minnesota (although for half the freakin' year it's hard to believe that last one). If you want authentic stuff from your home town then why the heck did you move here? I'm an Aussie and I never shoot places down simply because the hamburgers and fries don't taste like what I grew up with. If I don't like the food I say so. If I don't like the restaurant or service I say so, and vice versa. If only people could judge based on the individual pros or cons of restaurants and their ~local~ competition, and not some rose-coloured memory they have of sometime years ago or someplace three thousand miles away, things would be a lot fairer. Plus, this is a HOT DOG place, not some haute cuisine dining establishment! Exactly how different do Chicago buns or pickles taste?! If I maintained this same philosophy, every single Indian restaurant I've eaten at in Phoenix would get a single star rating. See how this works?Rant over. Went here for dinner the other night, arrived at just after 6pm. A lady with iridescent blue eyes greeted us and was very friendly in discussing the different options. Truth to tell, there aren't many - Chicago Style, one or two other styles, and a kids menu with three or four combo options. The lady noticed our toddler and said that if he sat on the other side of the table she would turn cartoons on for him on one of the tellys. We ordered our stuff and out it came in a few minutes. First plus were the fries. If you've read my talk thread here (http://j.mp/ovV41z) you'll know how I feel about crispy fries. Props to this place for serving actually fresh fries (albeit with the skin on). Yes, they were a bit oily - you get that when fries are fried in oil. Yes, they were a bit soggy - you get that when fries aren't pre-processed by blanching. These fries are what you get when 1) you chop a potato and 2) fry it thereafter. Try it sometime. Go to In-N-Out, same thing. If you want crispy fries, go somewhere else. Me, I could have eaten them all. day. long.Hotdogs were okay - it was my first go at Chicago style. I got two. Pickle, tomato was fine. The relish was sort of a bright fluorescent green - bizarre, but tasted ok. I didn't get the sport peppers as I had had jalapeno for lunch. One mistake was to forget to ask for no celery salt - I hate the taste of celery and the salt spoiled the dogs for me. I wiped off what I could. Still finished both. The wife enjoyed hers. She had a tray of chili fries - very good indeed. The kid wolfed down his dog and half his fries, as expected.All in all, a great meal. I was checking in on Yelp when the wife told me that they had already closed. Sure as shinola it was after 7. I read on their facebook page that they're planning to stay open a little longer. 7pm shutdown is definitely way too early and puts this place dangerously close to White Eagle IMO in terms of stupid business hour planning. But, 6pm is fine for us for a family dinner and it's not like we got bounced out at closing time. Anyone looking to have dinner later, just stand in front of this place and then turn your heads left and right. Several options. You know, or else just move back to Chicago where everything is so much better.I would have given this place a solid 3 star average, but it nosed up to 4 due to the thoughtfulness of the counter gal and the quality of the fries. Screw authentic, the food was good. And now I've half a mind to go eat at Portillo's in Chicago and then slam it on Yelp because the hotdogs didn't taste like the dogs I ate back in Phoenix. Oh wait, I said rant over, didn't I? (sips peppermint tea expressionlessly)
2	Its ok. Food was ok, service was ok, atmosphere was ok. I do not see myself going back.
5	Really good chicago style hotdogs/chili dogs. Friendly staff. In progress of getting liquor license. $5 - $6 per combo (dog fries drink) Decently priced imo.
5	Being a native of Chicago, I can say this as close to Chicago "Authentic" that you're going to get. The french fries are fresh cut and fried when you place your order. The hot dogs are awesome and the beefs, well I drool just thinking about them!
5	This place was off the hook(really great for your squares)! I had the Italian beef and cheese fries. The Italian beef was tender, juicy and the giardineria topped it all off. One of the dudes working the line was actually from one of the suburbs near my hometown near Chicago, so I knew the people running the place "got it." The small cheese fries were A LOT to handle and there was no way that I could have finished them by myself.
5	Just got back from a trip to my hometown of Chicago. It's been a while and I had been looking forward to making a run to all the popular hot dog joints I grew up with. The Gene & Jude's, Superdawg, etc.. and a couple other less famous area hole in the walls.Man was I disappointed! These "authentic" stands have gone downhill. Squished and soggy buns, weak condiments and limp fries. They have become soulless food factories. After a week of that I was looking forward to coming back to Franks where they care about quality. Who would have figured you would have to go half across the country to Surprise Arizona to experience a true authentic Chicago hotdog, beef & fries made as they were intended. I plan on bringing some of my Chicago friends to Franks so they can experience what they are missing!
4	I love the hot dogs at this place. I wish they had crinkle cut fries but the hot dog is actually better than Portillo's which is my favorite back in Chicago. So glad this place opened so I can get my fix!
5	Awesome place for Chicago dogs!!!
5	Great food and a very friendly staff. They have the best french fries I have ever had. I go there at least once a week. Try it!
5	I stopped in earlier this week and was torn whether to order the Chicago Style Hot Dog topped with Sport Peppers or the Italian Beef topped with Hot Giardinera peppers. I opted for 2 hot dogs and fries. I was very pleased with both the dogs and the fries. Kind of reminded me of Bozo's Hot Dogs back on the South Side of Chicago where I grew up. Can't wait to try the Italian Beef next time.
5	Stopped in for lunch with my best buddies in the whole world, by two boys.  We got the Chicago Dog and fries - pretty darn good food!  We agreed the food was fresh, served hot and we thought the dog was a work of art!  This place knows how to make a damn good hot dog and has a lot of good things going for it. Such as;1.  Clean2.  Friendly service3.  FRESH stuff, (bun was excellent)Fries were on the Way Way salty side, but fries are meant to be a treat.  Probably on any return trips we will ask for unsalted and see if they can accommodate us.  As far as the dogs go through, I would NOT change a thing.Nice find here in Surprise!  Wish we had stopped in sooner - I think my oldest boy just found a great lunch place.
5	Military discounts, and awesome chicago style dogs!
4	I thought this place was pretty darn good. My wife and I happened to stop in on the way to Phoenix to get a quick bite to eat. The employees (I think the owners) were very friendly and helpful.I thought the food was great. Didn't have the "limp" fry issue that some have mentioned. Everything seemed fresh and not like it was sitting under a heat lamp for hours. I should mention that I've never had a "Chicago style" hot dog before, but if what they serve in Fran N Steins is a good example, count me as a fan.
1	I had high hopes for a good frank. I ordered the combo and it looked very good. The dog was tough like it was overcooked and it was lukewarm in temperature. All the more disappointing since the selection was limited to one style of dog therefore no hope of a second attempt. The fries looked great. They were actually very soggy and lacked taste. The place is clean and the staf is friendly enough but, for me it was a total flop. I think I would be better off at the hot dog cart in front of the home improvement store.
5	Get the Italian beef with sausage and hot peppers, Amazing.
4	Been awhile since I ate a great hotdog. Reminded me when i was in Chicago and took a bite, I was like OMG WTF THIS IS AWESOME. I'm definitely coming back here. Be sure to grab a Chicago style hotdog, you won't regret it.
4	Just good Chicago foods! Great Chicago Dogs and Italian Beef (make sure you get it dipped)...
5	After reading reviews I had to try this place. I'm a big fan of chili dogs and Italian beef. First the people there were amazing and know what customer service is all about. The chili dog was great love the bun and the chili. The Italian beef was so tender and with the peppers added some heat to it. I will definitely come back.
3	It was decent. If I'm in the mood for an Italian beef sandwich (which isn't often), I'd go back.
3	CLOSED ALERTWell, really sad to see, but another Surprise business has succumbed to the bad economy.  Frank N Steins is no longer open for business.  Looks permanently CLOSED.
4	We were so sorry you closed, we really miss your terrific dog's and great fries!!
5	I don't know why people are saying that hotdogs are served on a kyser bun, since when is a poppy seed bun a kyser bun? I eat here all the time and the food is great! I recommend the "super combo" its Italian sausage topped with Italian beef on a 6in French bread. The hotdogs are also amazing.
