5	It seems like it took an ETERNITY to build and open this little 400 sq. ft. coffee stand. It finally opened on Monday, and I stopped by on Thursday.It sits in the parking lot of Castle Sports Club, conveniently, on my way to work. They have a pretty extensive menu, including the usual coffee and espresso items, along with some more unusual items, like energy drinks.This location is (wo)manned by a couple of cute, smiling girls with trendy hair. One took my order, and the other made my americano. It was a pretty good price for a double - $1.75 or so. They were a little heavy-handed with the half and half, but that's forgivable.While I was waiting for my beverage, I noticed they have several different specials throughout the week, including discounts on Tuesdays if you have their antenna topper on your car, and double punches on your punch card on Wednesdays.My americano was pretty tasty, from what I could tell, underneath the cream. What I found really exciting was the cup. I know. I'm a dork. But the lid was so cool! It has a little sliding door you sip out of, controlled by a built-in lever. Great one-handed control for driving, and it keeps the coffee from bubbling out when you're bouncing around on old leaf springs. This place could so be a dangerous habit for me. Yeah, the Human Bean is a franchise. But it's not Starbucks.EDIT 11/16/07: I had to come back and give them another star. I've been stopping by now on average twice a week. Now the girls know what I order.This morning, the had it waiting for me when I got to the window. How awesome is that? Not only that, but because there was a "wait," and by "wait" I mean I was the 3rd person in line, they gave me an extra punch of my loyalty card. I'm only one away from a freebie, baby.I'm lovin' this place!
4	Could a parking lot drive-in coffee shop really be any good? Yeah sure why not.   This place is a bit nicer than a few other drive through places in the Valley. The girl was nice and friendly and made a few suggestions (it was slow when I drove through) so I got a Granita, which hit the spot nicely. I don't care so much for Starbucks, so I'll put this place in my rotation when I'm on this side of town and don't want to get out of my truck.
4	This is a great place to stop for a cup of joe ! Easy , quick and some say it's better than Starbucks!! Can you believe  it?  Try it out and let me know what you think...
5	Not in the area enough!Every time we are in the area we stop by, and grab a tasty cup of joe.The coffee is very tasty, and I LOVE the chocolate covered espresso beans as a little treat. It's nice to get a little something extra for your buck!
2	i switched to the human bean in red bluff so that i didnt have to feed corporate america via starbucks. the coffee is comparable, but the price is the same...which it shouldnt be since it doesnt have the overhead. when i was forced to pay a quarter to get my 2 year old a cup of water after paying 4 bucks for coffee, i refused and gave the water back. she said i could wait in the parking lot whil.e she contacted the owner re. a refund. it was 109 degrees ...f that. i left without the quarter that she charged  me, without the water...and ill never go back. starbucks is successful for a reason, i know that now
4	This little place is in the middle of a parking lot and has drive up service. Cool little place. I had some Tazo Passion fruit tea. Nice and Tart
3	No longer the human bean
