5	Awesome city views, especially of the Cathedral. Trendy and sophisticated atmosphere. Great place for a cocktail and light bites on a sunny summer day!
4	Really nice patio with excellent service on the top of the Place des Armes Hotel. On a mild or warm afternoon, the patio teems with guests. Enter through the main level hotel restaurant. Signs or staff will direct you to the elevator leading to the terrace on the 8th floor.The terrace has good views, depending on where you sit. Also, you might end up in a sunny or shady side of the patio, so renember your sunglasses. There are bar seats, as well as high top and regular tables.The cocktail prices here are in the 12-16$ range. The red wine sangria was particularly good (14$).The only drawback here was the presence of both bees and flies. After battling the yellow jackets at the bar, the staff graciously seated me at a table.
3	Droves of flying bugs were on this hotel rooftop which made it very difficult to relax and enjoy the gorgeous view of the Notre Dame Basilica. Could also use more comfortable seating. Service was really attentive and I recommend the clear sangria (elderflower and strawberries word!)
3	Another roof top terrace in Old Montreal that features beautiful views towards Notre Dame church and intriguing sangria list.That was the last stop of our terrace tour and we arrived around 11:30pm. There was a good number of people queueing to get in and if the place was not on the list to visit I wouldn't have waited. The line was managed with as less coordination as possible. People were leaving the bar, but for whatever reason nobody from the personnel knew if there are free tables on the top part of the terrace and if they are ready for new clients. The service was not very accomodating, the young ladies looked like they work in an office doing serious tasks, rather then offering drinks with a smile to their customers. Last comment, avoid tables just next to the bathroom. I regret I had time for only one magic ginger sangria, it was my green day, meaning no driving, so I had to catch a bus. The ginger sangria had chunks of ginger and ginger beer, giving a spicy twist to the drink, some coriander to balance out the spiciness, and good amount of alcohol. Absolutely delicious! I think this place would be best at happy hour time when there is a light and you can enjoy in details the architecture of the surrounding buildings. I'm definitely coming back for more of my new sangria love, Gingergrita!
4	My husband and I stumbled on this place while exploring Old Montreal one day when we first moved here. We loved the view, so we decided to come back when our friend visited for some drinks on a Friday night. I called to make a reservation so that we would be sure to get a table, but I was told that I didn't need a reservation just to have drinks--we could just walk up to the terrace and go to the bar. When we arrived, the hostess told us that the upper deck was full, so she sat us at a table on the lower deck. It was still pretty with the lights, but I was a little disappointed because I had been hoping for a view of the Basilica while we sipped our drinks. We decided to make the best of it and enjoy the view we did have. All during our first round, people were leaving the upper deck and the hostess eventually started leading patrons who were just arriving up there to enjoy their drinks. After a while, she did come over to our table to tell us that she had space for us if we wanted to move, which made our night! We moved up to the upper deck and enjoyed the beautiful view of the Notre Dame Basilica while we enjoyed the next round of drinks. Just two small complaints. First of all, there were tons of bugs all over the tables on both decks, but if you want patio seating, that sort of comes with the territory. It seemed like they were attempting to wipe off the tables as frequently as possible. Secondly, it took quite a while for us to get waters and our second round of drinks. This wasn't a big deal to us, though, because we came up to the terrace for the atmosphere, so we just enjoyed our conversation while taking in the view. The drinks are pretty expensive, but that's typical of this part of Montreal. We love the atmosphere here and we'll definitely be going back!
5	Good drinks. Fantastic ambience. OK staff. I went in with a friend on a weekday, and because we were early, we got a good table. Our server wasn't very enthused about giving recommendations, and kept asking whether we wanted any more drinks, and decided to bring our checks after just two drinks. She was OK, but what I'll take away from the terrace would always be the view not the service.
