4	I can't believe this location doesn't have a Yelp page yet! It's been here for years. Oh well, I'm happy to spread the good word.Don't let the ramshackle outer appearance of this place deter you from stepping inside. So often the dingiest of dives have the best food. And from my experience, this is most true of Mexican restaurants. Besides, that's what sanitation ratings are for, and they always score in the 90s. Tacos aren't meant to be fancy; they're street food. Who really cares if the building needs some fresh paint? As far as I'm concerned, for this sort of place, a lack of attention to architectural and interior design just means the proprietor has more time to focus on great food and service.As for the food, I wish I could recommend more of their offerings but I've only ever tried one thing: tacos al pastor! It's the quintessential Mexican street taco; heavily seasoned pork sliced off a vertical spit like gyro meat and served simply with diced onion and cilantro in small corn tortillas. They're almost as good as the ones in Mexico. The only thing they're missing are the shavings of grilled pineapple chipped off the top of the spit with a machete and caught in the tortilla like a baseball in a catchers mitt. Still delicious! Just beware the salsa. I love spicy food and can take just about any level of heat you're likely to encounter in restaurants in the US, but one of the three salsas they bring to your table is the stuff of nightmares. After taking a small taste with a tortilla chip and thinking my manliness sufficient to the task, I decided to pour some on one of my tacos. It wasn't until I got a substantial amount that I realized just what a mistake I'd made. Sweet Jesus, it was like the devil was humping a neutron star on my tongue! No amount of soda or plain tortilla chips seemed to help. My love of tacos al pastor (and perhaps my sense of pride) wouldn't allow me to let the taco go to waste. So instead I spent the whole drive home wondering if I could reliably gargle liquid nitrogen without swallowing. Keep this in mind and you'll have a great meal here for barely more than you'd pay at Taco Bell.
4	great place to go for your taco fix!clean and tasty!
4	This is by far my favoite Mexican restaurant in Charlotte.  I will definitely come back again.
2	The place was dirty, service was poor, and the fajitas were made with a fajita mix, that I think came from a store. Overall very disappointed.
2	I was told this was a good a place for tacos in the area, but I was very disappointed  since a stepped in the front door. The entire place was dirty, service was poor and food was tasteless. the only good thing they have is their hot salsas. overall Gross!
3	I thought to myself, "Well this should be an adventure!" when I pulled up. Doesn't look to great from the outside but I just had a very nice meal thanks to a restaurant.com coupon. I got a the biggest fajita dish I could find! Cooked the crap out of the shrimp, so I recommend just the chicken and steak kind. You get 3 different types of salsa when you sit down, so for a dip fiend like me, that's a positive (although 2 out of the 3 were too hot for me). Their guacamole is excellent. Flan, not so much. Definitely worth a shot though. I see a sign for $1 tacos on Tuesdays which sounds awesome. Will probably come back.
4	Love the salsa and tacos. Not your typical tex mex tacos... So much better.
5	Hole in the Wall Taco Shop with amazing salsas.  Fresh, complimentary, and accompanied by delicious chips, are the best precursor to the delicious authentic offering of this little shop. Cheap, delicious, great service and super fast, awesome spot that we keep coming back to over and over.
4	I went for lunch on a Saturday with my 2 kids.  Place was bustling with people who knew where to get good, authentic Mexican foods.  The chips and the 3 salsa's were amazing......red salsa, salsa verde and an extremely HOT one that had smoked chilies in it.  I had the Burrito La Unica which was LOADED with chicken, rice, beans, and topped with queso.  This burrito was the real deal, not like any other "number 15" on other Mexican restaurants menus.  I was stuffed when I left since I ate the entire thing.  My kids had the cheese and chicken quesadillas and enjoyed them.  The service was excellent, they had plenty of waitresses who made sure the drinks and chips stayed full.Every so often you fell like eating Mexican, you know?  This is my new go to place.  Highly recommended!
5	I stopped I stopped into this place on a whim and my tummy walked out happy! I was seated promptly and brought out three types of salsas the green one was the bestIt's super spicy! After that I ordered two tacos. My tacos were awesome!! When I eat out I prefer to eat vegan so my tacos included lettuce, tomatoes, onions, refried beans, cilantro and guacamole! If you never been here check it out! Oh and by the way the prices are super reasonable!!!!
5	My go to Mexican dive when I'm on this side of town.   Always delicious fast and affordable.   Baja Mexican style dishes.
