5	Best product, best prices, and most importantly they were the most trustworthy company I have worked with. They do the maintenance on my home and my 2 businesses. I would recommend them to anyone!
5	Very professional company.  Have serviced my 3 units for years.  Recently had them quote on total new systems (compressors, air handlers, etc.).  Very reasonable quote.  Showed up exactly when they said they would with multiple teams to take out the 3 old systems, installed the three new system and got everything up and running.  Did the work in 2 days as they had estimated (another HVAC contractor estimated a week to do it).  Did not try to oversell me on what would be best for my house, took the time to explain why they recommended each unit and answered all of my questions, and then charged exactly what they had put in the proposal, even after they decided to change out some duct work beyond the original proposal as part of the job.  Also ensured that during the job we were never without at least one of the units functioning (the temps were in the 90s during the two days of the job).After the job was completed the gentleman who had worked up the estimate (Matt B.) called me in the evening to ensure that everything was done to my satisfaction.Most definitely would recommend them without hesitation (and already have to my friends).
1	I wouldn't hire these guys on a bet.  I called them up to a first-time schedule to check-up on my system.  they scheduled me for a 9 to 12 appointment.  they showed up at 8 in the morning, never called (they claim the office never got my telephone number) , & just left a card.  When I called the tech back, he told me to re-schedule.  I told him that I didn't want their service because I didn't think they could do the job  because anyone that shows up at 8 (when I'm sleeping) and is suppose to be there from 9 to 12 and doesn't elven bother to have my telephone number to call, what else will they get wrong.  The tech got snotty with me because I wouldn't re-schedule and hung up. Real professional people , right?  I guess they have more business then they clan handle and don't need mine.
