5	Bob Zip recently opened. Located on Chestnut Rd at Potter Rd our first experience was fantastic. We ordered a number of items to go, chicken lo mein, steak and scallops, soups and the chef even sent us home with a sushi sample. Steak/scallops phenomenal. Sushi very good.  We had 4 adults and 5 kids and everyone enjoyed everything. You also get a delicious pickled side and egg rolls. There is a small dining area however we got ours to go. Will definitely be back.
1	Placed a to go order, after placing the order I noticed the sanitary rating was not good. The food was also not good.  The generals chicken was bright orange and tough.  The hibachi chicken was ok.  The fried rice was gummy and tasteless.  The cashier was nice but not knowledgeable.  I had to wait about 25 minutes for my order.  I will not be returning.
1	I would give this place NO star if I could.The only nice thing was the cashier/waitress. I had dine with my boyfriend and the waitress was such a novice. Although she was nice and respectful, she knew nothing about the menu and kept going to the back to ask the manager. The manager was the rudest person ever! He was yelling at her, as if we couldnt hear him, asking her what did we ordered. We had ordered something on the menu that they did not have. So why is it on the menu when you don't have it? Then we asked the other waitress to turn on the tv and she didn't know how. She asked the manager how to do it and he yells from the kitchen, again, saying he is busy. She apologized. At this point I didn't want to stay anymore. The environment and all this yelling is so disrespectful, but my boyfriend said we could at least tried the food. There were other customers coming in and later the manager comes from the back acting all nice and asking the waitress she don't know how to turn on the tv or what. So fake.When our food came out, the miso soup was nasty, tasted like salt water. The bulgogi was SOUR!! I mean, has anyone ever eaten sour bulgogi? Do sour bulgogi even exist? You can tell there was a lot of MSG. The salmon roll was small and tasteless. The food was definitely not worth the money and pricing.I thought cho won garden was bad; this place is the worst.One more thing, there's no sushi bar.
1	Sushi bar?, japanese, and Korean =Terrible, Terrible, and Terrible. Food is tasteless. Chef attitude is terrible. I'm not going back to bob zip waste of money and my time.
5	10/06/14I like the food at Bob Zip. The management and staff are warm and welcoming. The restaurant has an inviting appeal. They are very generous with the portion of food, they do not skimp on the entrees. I have seen the guests portions during dining. Even with the my items, they have not short changed me.The bathrooms are clean and well kept. I check bathrooms when I dine in restaurants. I can't eat in restaurants that have filthy bathrooms. The bathroom met my approval.  I am currently a pescatarian (vegetarian that eats seafood) and so the entrees that I have tried at this restaurant are the vegetable fried rice, Chap-chae with vegetables, and the Rainbow roll. They were all delicious.  I know the side effects of MSG because I have experienced it. The items that ate had no signs of MSG. It taste simply fresh.I have faith in the quality of food at this restaurant and I look forward to trying more entrees.
5	8/14/14I returned to the restaurant with a few of my friends to eat lunch the other day. My friends were a little skeptical because of the name of the restaurant and also they said the food from the previous establishment was tasteless. The decided to give the restaurant a try since it was under new management.  It was about 7 of us. We had combination of Japanese Hibachi (Shrimp and Tofu), La Kalbi, Singapore Curry Noodles (Shrimp), a Sushi sampler and combination fried rice (chicken,beef,shrimp, and pork). By the end of our meals, we all agree that the food was delicious and definitely a go to restaurant for Asian cuisine. I returned that evening to get Nigiri because my friend Alan said that loved it in his Sushi sampler. I liked it too but the Rainbow Roll is still my favorite YUM :-) !!!Today, I just purchased egg rolls because my other  friend purchased them previously and said they were the best she ever had thus far !!! For some odd reason I thought there was pork inside because I don't eat pork but it is just vegetable. She was right they were excellent. I had one with duck sauce and other without. You can eat the egg roll without anything on and it is still delicious. You can tell they are handmade.I had to scrutinize this restaurant a little because  I live in the community and the previous restaurant of course was no good. We need delicious Asian cuisine here. They are a keeper. I hope they stay and prosper with the community... OK Bob Zip you passed my palate test and now I will leave you alone :-)Also my last review should be 8/06/14 not 10/06/14 . I apologize for the error.8/12/14I tried Bob Zip's  Agedashi tofu with bonito flakes. It had me salivating, it was so good. I did not want to share it with anyone. I will be returning for more for sure. :-)
5	This restaurant will surprise you! It is not your typical "Chinese fast food" restaurant....matter of fact it's far from it! The menu is very diverse with different dishes (Korean, Japanese, Thai and Chinese). We came near closing time and the food was fresh and exceptional in taste! The service was good but my only compliant was that it was small. 12 People will fill the restaurant up. We will be going back!
5	this was my first time eating bob zip's food but all i can say is i'm impressed. i'm a vegetarian that loves sushi so finding a good  Japanese and sushi place with a lot of vegetarian options is hard, but this place has so options. i had the veggie rolls and they are some of the best i've tasted. i saw a lot of the reviews were negative but i see no reason why. the place is kind of small but most of my sushi orders are takeout so that isn't a problem. i'll definitely be visiting again to try some of their other options.
4	The best handmade egg rolls I ever had.  One thing I didn't like was the place was too small.
4	I live close by and just placed my first order this evening - hibachi chicken.  I was very pleased with my meal...lots of nice white chicken with lots of veggies!  It came with an abundant amount of rice as well as two dipping sauces and soup.  I am so happy to have this place so close.  It is definitely my new "go to" place!!!  I think the less fanatic reviews were probably from when they first opened and had a learning curve.  Definitely worth trying!!!
5	I've now eaten here 3 times. Tonight we tried the sushi. As someone who lived in Japan for 6 years ... I love sushi and I'm critical of it. We had the volcano roll and tuna and salmon. The fish was fresh and the volcano roll was exceptional. Be warned though he uses fresh jalepeno in the roll! We also had the Octopus salad-very good! The Korean pancake And the Szechwan beef dish-- fresh and delicious! I hope he gains popularity...he needs a bigger place and beer!
5	Favorite Asian Fusion placeKorean Steam buns are awesomeSushi is awesomeBoth master chefs are also very cool
5	Amazing food! Everything we tried was good, especially their kimchi jeon pancakes. Highly recommend this restaurant!!
4	Very good food. Reasonable price. Primarily a take out place. Dining in has excellent portions but prepare to wait. Look forward to expansion.
1	The place must have been sold again.  It was a great place but I went there for lunch today.  My wife and I ordered the same thing which said it came with soup.  It did not specify which soup it only says soup.  As we have always ordered we ordered the hot and sour soup which was never a problem under the old ownership.  The waiter came back to us and said we can only have the Miso soup.  I do not like Miso so I said it does not say that on the menu.  He went back to the kitchen and the owner was very adamant that even though it does not specify this we can only have the Miso soup.  My wife and I said no Miso for you and walked out and we will not be coming back.  The owner's attitude was he would rather lose a customer than provide what we ordered and have ordered every other time we went.  The food used to be good but with such bad service we will go to one of the other ten different Asian places that would gladly offer us Hot and Sour Soup if that is what we wanted.  It was a weird experience.
4	My sister and I tried this on Monday and we could not have been happier.  The double tuna sushi was amazing.  The scallion pancake with kimchi was out of this world.  The gentleman who worked there was friendly and fun to chat with.  He is very passionate about his food!
