5	We did our previous due diligence and procured 6 bids from landscape companies. Those that actually came back and provided a  bid, were ridiculous! The prices were outrageous. We decided at that point-before meeting Desert Gardens Nursery, that we were going to hold off on creating our xeriscape backyard. Then, at the Home Show, we met Jenny (Owner of Desert Gardens Nursery). She is the first person to LISTEN. We just had our yard completed this week and we are thrilled! She stayed exactly on target with our budget and it is even more than we imagined. I highly recommend Desert Gardens Nursery! Jenny is an outstanding landscape designer and Kyle dot's the "i's" and crosses the "t's" on the job site.It is great to know that there are professional landscapers that make good with their promise! You have to go check out their blooming cacti! AMAZING!Thank you Jenny & Kyle! Outstanding job! Well done!No-we had never met them or knew of them, prior to the Home Show just a month ago.Paul, Sandi & Family-Mesa, AZ
5	We could not be happier with what Desert Gardens did for us. We completely relandscaped front and back and (much to my surprise) added a waterfall that we just love. They were incredibly adaptable and their follow up excellent. Our place looks fabulous!! A great experience!
5	Stopped in to use a Groupon. Needed advice on plants for yard on side of mountain were rabbits eat everything. Got best advice I've ever gotten in the 20+ years I've been landscaping. Thanks!
5	I live in CA and travel here at least one a year for pots!  They have an amazing and unique selection and are always bringing in new stock.  Well worth your time to check them out!
4	Very nice nursery. We visited here because we bought a Groupon. Nice staff and were helpful in picking out plants that suited my needs. Also picked up 2 Mexican talavera pottery too. Beautiful!  I will come back!
5	I can't say enough good things about Desert Gardens! From their great selection of plants and pots to the friendly and knowledgeable staff, Desert Gardens is an A+. The service was exceptional and I recommend them to all my friends and family members. It is amazing what they can do to a yard!!
5	I have been shopping at the Gardens for almost 10 years now. Their staff is always helpful even on the hottest days in the summer. I recently had them redo my backyard. It has been in for over a month now and I have had nothing but compliments from friends and family. They took the time to make sure it was done properly, on time and most of all on budget. I cannot be any happier with the way Jenny and her staff changed my back yard from an embarrassment to a small paradise!!! Thank you Jenny and Dessert Gardens Nursery for everything!!!
5	They are the THE BEST! So amazing, patient, helpful and full of knowledge. I'm going back in the next couple of days to purchase more product! The lady with the hat? was so helpful and created a beautiful planter for my outside patio table today! I'm so bad, I didn't catch her name, but she is amazing!!!!  This is a must use place for your garden and landscaping needs!!!!!
5	I did not inherit my grandma's green thumb - plants just don't always fare that well with me. I work full time which requires travel occasionally, plus I'm in grad school (read: VERY busy). I love having greenery at home but it has to be something that requires easy care and can tolerate me being absent and absent-minded. Fellow Yelpers suggested succulents and cacti, so I hunted for local nurseries. Desert Gardens had a good website and I was in the area today, so I stopped by. The employees greeted me when I arrived and then -- WOW. Lots and lots of stuff there. They have myriad cacti, the "elephant food" plant, aloe, and all sorts of the succulent variety. They also have all sorts of potters, which look as though they're handmade (but I didn't ask). They also have wind chimes, garden decorator-type critters, and many planters. There's a large section of outdoorsy plants/trees as well, but I didn't stray over there as that doesn't apply to me. I gave the guy my scenario and he pointed me to the elephant food plant and aloes. I came home with a large and small Elephant's Food and one medium aloe. When I checked in on Yelp, there was a 20% off coupon - bonus!Prices on the pottery were a bit steep, but if they're handmade then that makes sense. They were beautiful, for sure. This is a great place to stop if you need local-type plant life! Great stuff and cool employees. Desert Gardens is on the west side of Cave Creek, half a mile north of the 101W.
2	Initially it seemed like Desert Gardens was going to do a wonderful job on the big re-landscape project in our backyard.  At $27,000+ we expected a lot and Jenny led me to believe that she would be there supervising.  That was not the case.  The installers were nice enough but barely spoke English.  They said that Jenny never comes to the jobs.  The planting a were fine except for two $300 plants that were planted in the wrong place and got burned.   They would not replace them.Jenny's brother was supposed to have done work on our barbeque island but instead it was delegated to  the plant installer who doesn't speak english.  The worst offense was that when they modified our Canterra stone counter, they moved a burner over about 12" farther away from the barbeque.  We thought it had been done properly, but  when we tried to turn on the grill we heard a very loud hissing.  We didn't try to light the grill, but if we  had the would have been a very big explosion because they had neither capped the gas line to the burner, nor connected it to the burner.  They just left the cut line wide open.  If we had tried to light the grill, the volume of gas pouring into the interior of the island (that was supposed to be connected to the burner) would have created a huge explosion.  We had to have a barbeque technician out to do the repair so we have all of this documented.Since we had our barbeque grill island modified, they had to replace part of the counter top.  It was supposed to have been done by Jenny's brother but instead was done by the plant installers who did a terrible job.  The Canterra stone top was very uneven and they left thinset all over everything including the barbeque grill which should have been removed or at least masked off for the counter installation.  The thin set won't wash off the existing tile and they chipped large pieces off the backsplash and just filled it with large holes with thinset instead of replacing the damaged tiles.Jenny wouldn't return texts, and when her brother came out to see what needed to be done to complete the job, he was argumentative, telling me that the plants got scorched because they were planted too late in the season.  Since they were Yuccas, the plant won't ever replace those burned leaves (they were burned all the way up to five feet high on the plant), so the plant will forever looked wilted and scorched.Oh, and the irrigation was connected to a house water line the was 1/2" not the to the water supply line from the street with requisite 3/4" minimum you need to get proper water pressure.  Consequently the heads don't always all pop up, and they were also set so deep that when the ones that do pop up spray, they are below the level of the grass.To summarize, after leading me to believe that Jenny would supervise the installation Desert Gardens sent a bunch of unsupervised workers to do the job who didn't speak English.  I believe that over the three week course of installation Jenny showed up maybe two or possibly three times. No one addressed the problems.  No one followed through.  If they had been hands on and had been around to supervise, I believe that the job would have gone better.  They made a lot of mistakes and did some sloppy work.  The plantings turned out well for the most part not withstanding some difficulties where they would not be accountable for their mistakes.  The hard scape work was terrible and I would say, all in all, the fact that they did the job without supervision or follow through created a lot of problems.  I would NOT use them again.
3	I visited there because of the special on Groupon and close to home. The salesman was appox. 20 dollars off  of what the 100 dollars the Groupon was valued when questioned he said he would give the difference in a bag of mulch. Well the mulch wasn't tagged and I felt 17 dollars was a bit much so I took something else. Most plants are overpriced and limited to desert. I won't be back even with 75 per cent off.
2	This place seems like they gave up on watering all their plants - and not adding any new ones - a year ago...reminiscent of the final days of a going-out-of-business sale. The slim selection of mostly desert plants looked mostly half-dead, even the cacti. There was a small selection of citrus trees (priced in the $100's) that were skinny as a pencil and had dried, shrunken fruit (lemons or limes so black you couldn't tell exactly what they were) falling off. In the green houses were more less-than-stellar looking plants.There was a good sample of Mexican pottery, recycled steel landscape ornaments, and painted steel wall ornaments. Much of it was enjoyable to look at, but the prices were much more than I wanted to pay. Only reason I didn't give this one star is that the young attendant was courteous and friendly.I had bought a $100 LivingSocial Coupon for $40.50 (with promotion), but after checking out the selection, decided to head home and get my money back. I went to Home Depot the next day and got five healthy plants for under $40 - which probably wouldn't have bought one similar type plant at Desert Gardens.Unless you are on the hunt for some particular rare cactus to fill your collection, save your money and time and go to Home Depot or even Wal-Mart!
5	I found out about this place through a groupon...it was out of the way for me, but I keep driving back up there to get plants, so perhaps it's not too far to drive for good plants and good customer service. They're always willing to help me get my plants up to the register or help me find plants I can't find. Large selection of Mexican designed pots...not sure what else to call those kind of pots. They have a few citrus trees but mostly their selection is natives and succulents and cacti.Highly recommend the place for good plants, good prices, great coupons and helpful staff!
1	We have bought almost all our plants here for the last many years.We loved this nursery. Last October we lost a big tree to a windstorm and Desert Gardens Nursery helped us choose a new one. Planted by the nursery, the cost was over $800 with a one-year guarantee. It threw all its leaves in early June and we tried calling the nursery for advice. We called daily for a week and left information and a return phone number. Two weeks later, we have still not received a call. Sadly we are finished with Desert Gardens Nursery.
