5	Hey, its a real Mexican bakery!!  Owned by a guy from Spain, the bakers and cooks are all Mexican...but who cares, the baked goods look good...but the real charm is in the Tortas...thick, chewy sandwiches that will drip avocado down your fingers and fill your stomach full of delicious meat and vegetables...and you'll have enough left over for your next meal too!
3	If you're looking for a huge serving of Mexican pastries/donuts with enormous layers of chocolate frosting, look no further.  If however, you're looking for a healthy vegetarian/vegan sandwich you may find better luck elsewhere.  If you enjoy eggs but no meat, give their Eggs la Mexicana a shot.
5	This place is amazing! We were driving out of Madison on a Sunday morning after a wedding and the son wanted donuts but I wanted Mexican... hubby didn't much care. Found this place on Yelp and plugged it in the GPS. After trekking somewhat the direction home we found it in a nondescript strip mall and we couldn't quite tell if it was even open. So glad it was! Giant pastries on enormous pans were being brought out of the kitchen and shoved into every nook and cranny possible. Having never been to this kind of bakery, it took us a few minutes to orient ourselves and the staff "kindly" let us stand around looking befuddled. You grab a big tray and walk around putting whatever you want on it and then they wrap each pastry individually and put it in a bag for you. There is a counter with menus in Ingles or Spanish and this is where the real fun starts. I ordered some sandwich (not a torta but I can't remember what they called it) that is a specialty of the restaurant and all three of us ate it  throughout the 10 hour drive home. It had breaded and fried chicken breasts - at least 3 - and slices of spicy sausage, tomato, avocado, marinated peppers, onion, some sort of mayo, and it was to die for.  Son didn't care for the donut he got... Mexican choco frosting was not close enough to Dunkin for him, but that's his problem. The pastries were light and airy with just the right amount of filling and sweetness. Even the coffee was good! I can't wait to get back up there to go again.  Oh, and we got 6 pastries, 1 coffee, 2 sodas, and that huge sandwich for $22. Major bargain!
5	Simply stated:  I love this place.  The staff is so incredibly nice even though my spanish speaking abilities are below average.   They may have the nicest staff in town.  The chicken torta sandwich is my new favorite sandwich in town.  Chicken, refried beans, avocado, tomatoes, onions, peppers, cheese, and a special mayo...what more could you ask for?  Please check it out!
2	They didn't even have bollio when I went in and all the bread was overpriced
4	Good place for a yummy treat. My daughter loves the colorful sugary treats too.
4	If you don't mind a dreadful ambiance or if you plan to have your food to go, this is the place to get a down-and-dirty Mexican meal. In fact, a Mexican friend of ours steered us to it as his favorite eatery. Their tortas are delicious! Best sandwich I've ever eaten. The Hawaiian with ham, cheese, avocado and chicken (I think) is so thick and gooey, I hardly know what I'm eating. But who cares? It's wonderful. The bakery is good too. I just have yet to figure out what time to get there so none of it is a tad bit stale. This place would get five stars if the bakery items were perfectly fresh and the ambiance in the dining room was better.  Oh, and P.S., the food is very well priced.
5	I went looking for a nearby sandwich shop on Yelp.   The typical fare first popped up but then I zoomed in to the south side of Madison.  What's this?  La Concha?  Hmmmm,   Good reviews, different and interesting fare.  Perfect.  I will try it out.Two stores are sort of connected to each other and I first walked into a Mexican Grocery.  Is this where I order my sandwich?  No that's in the door next door.Santa Maria, La Nina, La Pinta, La Concha!  What a great place.   A busy Mexican bakery/cafe, beautiful bake goods filled the cases,  well staffed and friendly, a nice menu for my selection and customers coming and going and coming and going.  Who said there was a recession?   This place is buzzing and for good reason.  Everything looks scrumptious.I ordered the Chicken Torta based upon yelp recommendations and was certainly not disappointed.  I had to wait a while for it but when it came it was gigante   Make two fists and yes, that big or bigger.  And the bread was fantastico.I will point out that my torta was 11 dollars.  But half is about the size of a typical chichen sandwich for 6 or 7 dollars.  So buy one and split it with a friend.I will be back for some bakery very soon.  So happy to find a place like this in little ol' Madison.
5	I can't speak to the quality of their baked goods but their sandwiches are some of the best in town.  Not cheap ($10 or so) but you could EASILY share it between two people.  Its huge.  Its a down and 'dirty' Mexican diner/store and I love it.  Check it out.
5	If you haven't been to LaConcha, you're missing out. Remember La Paella? LaConcha is brought to us by Tomas, of La Paella fame.  I havent had anything I havnt enjoyed. The La Cubano torta is huge, bring a friend. the Gringas are great, my wife had those, I'll order them next time.
5	I remembered back home the baked goods we used to have ,and this is the same or closed.  The other Mexican bakeries here in madison do a good job ,but nothing close to this. They have the best bread in town. Order the pastel of 3 leches.
4	I don't speak Spanish.Which is a shame because I would like to tell who ever makes La Concha's delicious baked goods that because of them, I have to dedicate even more of my time to the gym. Sure, you might walk out of this place smelling like a tortilla factory, but that comes with the territory. You like deep fried dough? Then by all means, this is your place. I wish I could name you what I ate so I can suggest it to you. I can't but let me describe it. The pastry dough was shaped like a shell (perhaps a CONCH shell?). It was light and airy, and filled with cream with a drizzle of chocolate glaze. When I walked in here, I asked someone working what to get. They looked at me and simply pointed. They know what's up, and what a girl who speaks little to no Spanish wants to eat at 230 in the afternoon. I haven't even got to the best part...the price. This divine piece of fried dough cost less than $2 and was gigantic. I think it was meant to be shared, but I think I would have eaten someone's hand if they tried to eat part of this. Im not sure, but I feel like I probably looked like a rabid dog while eating it. Go here. Be amazed. Why didn't I give it 5 stars? It is sorta sketch in this area, and I am not entirely sure how sanitary the bakery cases are, as customers are the ones reaching in and pulling out the baked goods.
5	This place gets a 10 as far as Mexican baking goes. Their produce is gread quality and fairly priced too. I come mainly for the Mexican wedding cake. You can buy it by the slice and sit at the counter and eat it. It is moist and too die for. Too bad most white Americans have never tasted a slice! They cook authentic Mexican food. You can take it to go or just eat it there. There is no wait staff but they have a dining area and counter. The food is great and very fairly priced. Every one I'd always nice.  The main language spoke is spanish. The owner is Tomas, he is from Span. Such a great guy! Don't worry they all speak English and are always glad to help.
2	A friend claims to have loved this place when he ate there 4 or 5 years ago. So a group of us went for some tortas last night. It wasn't very good.The tortas were giant, so you do get a good amount of food. They are, however, almost $11, so keep that in mind. They were edible, but the chicken on my torta tasted like really old, nasty grease. That unpleasant grease flavor really overpowered everything else. The whole thing just fell apart in my hands, and it really was too big. The veggies didn't really seem the freshest, either. If you order the Cubana torta, you get some really weird-tasting sliced hotdogs and decent ham. The thin, deep-fried slabs of chicken you get are pretty awful, but taste chicken-y. I ate only a fraction of mine, as did a few others at the table.Of the 5 people at our table -who all have pretty different tastes in things-none of us enjoyed the food. It was pretty awful. The restaurant space was completely empty and pretty sad.Also, they do not sell any sort of alcohol. So, if you want to wash away that nasty grease flavor, you'll have to stick with water or horchata. Even the water tasted weird.The only thing we tried from the bakery side of this operation was some flan, which my friend said tasted like mold. The service was fine, but they did get some orders wrong, and the food took a long time to get to the table...despite the fact that we were the only customers sitting in the restaurant.I had heard about some of their past health code violations from online, but was willing to give this place a chance anyway. Really disappointed.
1	Ordered a customized birthday cake last week and the cake tastes terrible.  the yellow cake inside probably went bad or something since it's wet and not soft at all.  I called a couple days before I get the order trying to ask nicely if I can get my order a few hours earlier on that day.  They simply hang up on me after they heard what I have to say.  I definitely do nor recommend this place.  The cake almost ruined my friend's birthday and their customer service needs to improve.
1	I hate this place! Worst quality food and the people are, uhhh. They take wayyyyyyy tooooo long to do your food. And today I wanted to get a bread and at 10am I went and they said the bread is ready at 10:30 am. I came back at 10:30am and they said in 30 min. They promised me at 10:30. I was furious, never come to this place. Worst Mexican food and bakery, and it's overpriced!!!! I rather go to Chicago and get the bread. It's more delicious and fresh and less overpriced.
3	Tried this place for lunch-- good stuff (authentic-- no one spoke English!) but tacos were not as good as Los Gemelos or Taqueria el Jalapeno.  The baked items looked awesome... wish I still had the metabolism of my younger self...
4	I don't speak Spanish - which can be tricky because their menu is in Spanish. None the less after some confusion I can usually get an order in. I love their food! And It's quite affordable.All the Bakery good are less than 2 bucks usually. Yes the Torta's ad Cemitas (similar to a torta on a sesame covered bread) are 10 some bucks but for me are at least 2 meals- so again a good value. Their large horchata is huge, and can be a meal by itself. Their taco's are good, and so are the tamales.Overall I am never disappointed here.Go here- experience something new.  Check out the grocery store attached.Get a sandwich, horchata and a bakery item and life for a moment will seem awesome.
4	I dont know why it took me so long to make it here given my fondness for mexican sweetbreads but alas I made it. They have a wonderful selection  of scrumptous bakery items at a fair price and were very freindly. I will surely be back again and hope everyone else goes as well.
4	I love this place because it reminds me of panaderia's I would visit in CA!  They have great tasting breads and treats that are hard to resist.  There is also a restaurant in front that isn't half bad.My favorite thing about this restaurant however is the fresh fruit and veggies.  Though it can be hit or miss when it's a hit it is a hit!  I am always surprised with what I can walk out with for $5.  Also, they have plantains at very reasonable prices which is hard to find in this city. If you ever have a want to make your own carne asada this is also the place to go.  They have fresh marinated meat in the back in case you want to have a Spanish night at home. I have tried a lot of things here and am usually not disappointed.  Because of this, this place has become my go to for so many occasions.
