4	We caught a show here the other night, and this place is awesome. It's not the largest theater ever--it seats about 730, or so it says--but it's definitely one of the most unique: this intimate space, I'm told, the former First Baptist Church, and it shows--there's still stained glass windows and a large Byzantine dome above you. Just a really cool place to check out a show or a performance. "Intimate" really describes this place well. You're really close to the stage, no matter where you sit; it's just not that big. The balcony is even a lot closer to the front than most theaters I've been in. That's where we sat, and it was a really cool viewing experience: high above the first level, but still really close to (on top of, almost) the main stage. Great sound and lighting features here, too, which made the show most enjoyable. We were allowed to bring drinks into the theater, which was really cool. Everyone seemed a little buzzed for the performance, so there was a really good vibe. Great place, definitely going back.
4	The McGlohon Theater is a really nice, medium-sized performance space. I saw "Much Ado About Nothing" there in the summer during the free Charlotte Shakespeare Festival. The McGlohon in Spirit Square was a great venue for the well-done play. There are tables that each seated a couple people near the stage, and standard seating after that. The theater had an intimate atmosphere, and the actors really used the whole space for the performance. I'd recommend seeing shows there.
5	I attended an event here the other night and was very much impressed with this space.  A repurposed church with its original dome and stained glass windows, the McGohon manages to retain its old atmosphere while still being a very nice, not-at-all shabby theatre and stage.  It's small enough that really no seat is a bad seat, and the mezzanine level adds an additional area for seating and visual interest.The staff were incredibly helpful, and the event itself was run very well.  I'm planning to keep my eyes on upcoming events at the McGlohon...
4	I really enjoy seeing shows here. I know I've been here many times in my life but the other night we went for a comedian. The venue is large but the seating is situated so that I'd imagine anywhere you sit would be fine with good views and acoustics. Because it's a former church, there are many stained glass windows which gives it a lot of character. The lobby and other areas of the building are classy and lots of art is on display.
5	Very impressed by this theater when I visited for a free performance of King Lear.  The theater was very charming and you can feel the history in the space.  Seems like it used to be a church? The staff was very nice and I definitely would like to come up with more excuses to watch performances here.
5	The best venue in Charlotte.
4	Say what? Another venue in the Blumenthal? You betcha. The McGlohon is actually a converted church, and though there are reminders of that fact like the stained glass windows and the overall layout of the place, it is most definitely a theater now.Not the grandiose feel of the Belk by a long shot, and not quite the intimate feel of the Booth, but certainly on the smaller side of places to see a show, and well worth it if you get a chance to visit because it is a special spot for a show since you are so close, no matter where you sit. Definitely a worthy conversion. Which is not to say that the church wasn't worthwhile.Oh, nevermind...
4	Whether I am enjoying a jazz show, a dance recital or a small stage play, it is a pleasant affair at McGlohon.  I enjoy perusing the galleries and architecture before the shows. The women's restrooms are kept presentable which is always a plus.  My only issue with McGlohon is that you have to linger in the lobby before the doors open maybe 30 minutes before showtime.  Otherwise, they won't let you in.  This can be a problem with open seating but all of the seats have a great view of the stage, unless someone tall or with a hat sits in front of you.  I cannot speak for the balcony as I have never been up there.Tip:  The facade photo is helpful for those who have never been to McGlohon.  It would definitely have helped me on my first visit.
3	A friend and I attended the Bruce Hornsby concert at McGlohon last night and this was my first visit.  I have been to Belk numerous times (most recently for Mandy Patinkin a few weeks ago), and McGlohon is much smaller and more intimate.  The remaining stained glass from the years this building was a church is lovely.  There is only seating for about 700 or so, and there did not seem to be a bad seat in the place.  We sat in the balcony and could both hear and see very well.  Great acoustics for a man at a piano.  We parked at the 7th St garage, which is a straight shot to Spirit Square (after a stop at Rock Bottom for dinner first).  We were able to buy $5 parking passes in the theater so we didn't have to pay the $15 event charge that the garage was charging.Folks milled around in the lobby beforehand, and there is a small bar.  The line was pretty long as the concert time approached, so come early if you want to booze it up.    Bathrooms were clean and well maintained for the crowd that had accumulated.For ambiance, I give McGlohon a 4.  For being a small venue with a personal feel, I give it a 4.  For comfort in seating, I give it a 2.  I am 5'9 and a lil chubby, and while my butt fit in the seat just fine, my legs had nowhere to go. Luckily, my date for the evening is petite and kindly let me have the aisle seat.  I am not sure if the floor seating would give you more legroom, although I imagine the seats on the floor are the same as what is located in the balcony.  It would have to be someone I LOVE to visit again and sit in numbing quarters for 2 hours.As a thought unrelated to the venue... when did people become so incredibly rude?  For the entire concert, people were getting up and down, mid-song, slamming the doors to leave the balcony.  People arrived as much as 45 minutes past the start time, forcing people already crammed into their seats to get up.  This isn't TWC Arena where you are just another $100 ticket wandering around, it's a small venue and I swear I think I saw Bruce look up a couple of times to see what the deal was.   Be on time, be seated and be quiet!
4	This is a great little theatre. I have been to several theaters here in Charlotte and this is very similar to most. It has a great reception area for a drink before the show. I think this waste first time sitting in the balcony. I was on the right side and there were definitely parts of the stage I couldn't see. But over all it was a great experience.The parking lot near the theatre was full so we parked at the 7th street station which was only $5 because no other events were going on.  It was only a block away.
4	Saw Adam Ant here the other night. It really is a beautiful venue, and the show was great overall, but they had some serious sound issues that night. The opening band's vocals just couldn't be heard and no one could seem to solve the problem. The decibel leveis on Adam Ant were possibly the loudest I've ever experienced in McGlohon, which is usually pretty good about giving you the rock and roll experience while keeping everything physically safe for middle-aged ears.
4	Attended the National Inclusion Project 2013 Gala at the McGlohon Theatre.  The Holiday Inn, Charlotte is very close to this theatre if you are looking for a hotel to stay in.  I like the coolness in the theatre.  Also, the acoustics was not too bad.  I sat near the sound booth at the back and wishes the sound man would be quieter as I can hear him giving instructions.
5	I came here last night to see the Post Secret Live show. (It was amazing, check out post secret). But this theatre is amazing!It's a very intimate little space, I have no idea how many people it fits (Yelpers say 700+).  The stained glass is really beautiful!  The McGlohon has such a good feeling, very warm and inviting.  The staff was very friendly and helpful.  One of the super sweet ushers told us that once the lights went down, we could move closer.  She even scoped out awesome seats for us!  The theatre is located in Spirit Square, just one block up from the 7th st parking garage.  ($5 parking after 5pm!). There are a ton of restaurants close by, and easy access to the light rail.I had such a great experience here.  I've only ever been to the Belk theatre, and didn't know anything about the McGlohon when I purchased the tickets.  I'd absolutely recommend it, and will be back.
5	What a great little venue! Small and intimate with great acoustics. Love the architecture and the gorgeous stained glass. We had some of the cheapest tickets but our seats were great. Looking forward to seeing more shows here.
4	An incredibly beautiful venue to enjoy a show!Transformed from an old church, McGlohon Theater provides an intimate feel in a medium sized setting.  The seating is bit tight for those of us that require a bit more space, but the view and proximity to the stage are perfectly arranged.The accoustics couldn't get much better.  The harmonics achieve a cohesiveness as they resonate throughout the entire theater.There is also a bar in the lobby that offers libations to warm up before and during a show.Located in Uptown, McGlohon Theater offers easy access to a handful of places to grab a bite to eat before or after a show.  Parking is also easy to find and quite reasonable.
4	I enjoyed my experience at the McGlohon theater. My friend and I attended a concert here and it was small enough to give that intimate setting without it feeling like we were sitting on top of one another. We parked in the 7th Street garage, which if you can't park in the small lot that they is a great deal. Inside the theater is gorgeous, there's stain glass windows which are so lovely. The seats were comfy, the stage is small and the acoustics were awesome. What more can you ask for? I'd make it a point to check out another show here!
