5	At first they're standoffish and a little reserved, but I think it's having to deal with some of the fussiest jewelry designers and metal artists in the Valley. They try to assess you as you walk through the door and try to anticipate your type of personality...that's a good thing.While it may look like a hole in the wall or a place that won't carry more than an ounce of silver, Lonnie's Inc really has so much more going for it....whether you're into enamelling or beading, this place is it.I miss their other location out in Mesa, but that got closed down last summer.For now, I make the drive to Lonnie's in Phoenix and each time I've gone, I've yet to be disappointed.The staff is friendly and knowledgeable.
3	This place has a lot to offer - many different choices of jewelry making supplies. However, the staff leaves something to be desired. They are not overly helpful and at times have just tried to up-sell us. I will probably start to try to find a new local jewelry making supply shop.
2	Lonnie's has a nice supply of materials and tools, and if you're into jewelry-making, you'll probably find something to buy there.  Unfortunately, you're gonna have to wait for it.  Service is slow, and not always friendly.  The staff generally won't look at or speak to you as you stand there waiting for the interminable line to move, and they aren't any nicer when it is your turn.  I've been there many times, and this is the case every. effing. time.  Service is important to me, so I only go to Lonnie's when I need something now and they happen to be open.  Otherwise, I'd rather give my money to people with manners.
1	Holy wow what terrible service!  I came into to purchase display items and ask one simple question which was met with not only rudeness but downright aggression. I have been to Lonnie's before, and knew that customer service isn't exactly their forte, but after today's experience, I would drive to the other side of town to specifically NOT give them my business.
1	First time to Lonnie's. Walked in and everyone looked up at me and then looked right back down. Couldn't get anyone to answer my questions or even acknowledge me. Lonnie himself was there and when the salesperson directed my question to him (3 times) he never answered. They also didn't have two of the three things I came in to buy (all of which they list on their website). They were also giving another woman a hard time about her company card, despite the woman protesting that she comes in to the store "all the time." VERY rude to her and I was surprised they would speak that way to any customer, especially in front of another one.They may be a gem for some jewelry folks, but the terrible customer service ensured that I will never be back.
2	This is probably the largest silver supply store in the valley. I have been there several times and each time has been the same no matter which employee you get. At the end of your shopping trip you just want to leave ASAP because you feel like you are making them do something they don't want to do, and that comes with a big dose of bad attitude. I have been over charged once and found it before I left, I've  been given the wrong silver item and didn't catch it before I got home and recently I've been given the absolute wrong information (by the owners wife) on a potential product purchase.  Needless to say I'm going to be resupplying my silver stock thru  the internet. This review is based on several trips to the store not just one or two.
1	The "regular" staff older ladies talk mean about everyone... customers, staff, UPS man, mailman...anyone they can. It's the "who can we blame game" when something goes wrong. They're rude, they are behind about a month on internet orders if they can get someone to do it. The turnover rate of employees is extremely high then a new person comes in and has to learn their way of doing it Lonnie's way which changes from day to day. If they don't like their employees, they just cut their hours down to 4 a week even though I was told it's like a Nazi camp working there. If a spanish speaking customer comes in, Lonnie gets upset!??? Even heard Lonnie yelling at customers & staff. Staff is discouraged from spending time talking or helping customers no matter if they're buying $15 or $1500 worth of supplies; can't talk to other employees either = Lonnie's code of silence. It's unfortunate there aren't other good shops around as going in there is drudgery. So shopping online has become a much better experience. If you wanted to be treated rudely, this is the place. And did I mention overpriced?? Really, google the items you want & order them somewhere else.!
2	The staff at Lonnie's is horrible, not just once, but every time. They are rude, slow, and rush you out at closing. The reason I go back is there selection of cane glass beads are the best I've found anywhere and that's all I buy there.
1	I have never posted a negative review before but felt the need to do so this time.  I always hesitate to go into Lonnie's because their staff is not the friendliest but I knew they had an item that I wanted so I bit the bullet and went in.  Unfortunately, I had my two kids with me.  I strongly dislike unruly kids in shops (or anywhere else) so I demand that my boys be respectful and not touch anything in places like Lonnie's.  I was looking at something in the case and my children were meandering around the shop - which is very small so they were never more than 20 feet from me.  The woman in the back room starts calling to them in her fake-nice voice, "Kids, go stand with your mom!  There are dangerous chemicals out there."  Ohhhkay - I see her point but her tone was pretty aggressive.  Once my kids were next to me, she goes back to her post and says to her boss, loudly and clearly, "I'm allergic to kids."  He didn't hear her so she said it again!  She thought she was being funny.Now, I could sound like some mom who thinks her kids can do no wrong.  I am NOT that kind of parent.  My kids were being quiet and unobtrusive.  She was just rude.I've also witnessed her being downright mean to her coworkers.  I guess I won't have to see that anymore because, even though Lonnie's is fairly close to my house, I won't be back.Trust me on this one - go to SJ Jewelry Supply.  Mario will be courteous and helpful, unlike these people.
