5	I have a few CenPho-based graphic designers as friends. They swear by Impact, and I can understand why.After the design for my business cards was ready to go, Impact treated my (let's face it -- SMALL) order as if it was as important to them as it was to me. I appreciated the attention to detail, and I now have an education in just how many different white card stocks there are, how many different shades of black ink there are, and how the two elements complement each other. Seriously, as my business expands I hope to use Impact more and more.
5	Impact Printing is an amazing local family-owned printing shop. As a designer, I know from experience that a lot of projects are very tricky to produce and the final result depends very much on the production crew. These guys are the best. Time after time they made me and my clients very happy. I would recommend them for any printing job, and especially so to graphic designers looking to get their work done right, with attention to detail and with great care.
5	Impact Printing offers every single positive attribute desired when dealing with any business; high quality results, amazing customer service, and competitive affordable pricing. I have worked with several printers in the past but would no longer trust anyone else to handle my print needs. I have worked primarily with Jeff, who takes the time to understand your company's desires in order to anticipate your needs on all future jobs. I've yet to be disappointed with any creative project placed in the hands of Impact Printing and doubt I ever will.
5	After years of using online print brokers and experiencing declining quality & reliability, I gave Impact a shot. I sent them an email for a simple business card quote and within 10 minutes I had a PDF in my inbox. The price was competitive, estimated turnaround time was cut in half, and my order was COD - in other words, they wanted me to examine the work before paying... unheard of these days.Like the previous post, Jeff was my point person, and I have to give him an A+ for delivering on his promises. He takes the time to understand your needs, doesn't pressure you with an up-sell, and produces a fantastic final product.As a Phoenix graphic designer, I'm grateful to have this world class operation in my neighborhood!
5	One of my commitments over the past year and into 2011 has been to shift more of our dollars toward local businesses. Sure, I still buy stuff online and at some national chains, but I've also made a conscious decision to look for a local alternative wherever I can. When it came to printing new business cards for my husband's business, instead of taking advantage of the super cheap prices and free shipping from Vistaprint again, I turned to the directory on the Local First website for some guidance. I found a few local printing companies and contacted them all via email with a small introduction and a request for a quote for this relatively small project.Susan from Impact was the first response I received - long before others' responses started trickling in. After receiving quotes from various companies, I did a little bit of price comparison, and asked some of the companies a few more questions about recommendations for the right paper, about file types and fonts, and about turn-around time.With regard to price, Impact wasn't the "cheapest" but they certainly weren't expensive. My quotes from a total of six companies ranged between $27.00 to $75.00 for comparable quotes: 500 cards, two-sided, full color on one side, with an aqueous coating.  Impact quoted me $55.00. Four of those six companies quoted comparably.So what made me go with Impact? By the time I had finished all my comparing and asking, I'd had several email exchanges with Susan, and every response was so thorough and so friendly and so above-and-beyond, that I didn't really care. She won me over with excellent customer care.Christmas came and I fell off the map for a week, and you'd better believe she picked up right where we left off and was very understanding! Yesterday I picked up the finished cards. And it wasn't enough that the cards turned out excellent. They close at 5 and Susan patiently waited for me after closing time, as I fought traffic on the 51 and then on the suicide lane on 7th Street so that I would be able to pick up the cards in time for my husband's business trip. Some people may say, "meh... big deal. that's what they SHOULD do..." But the truth is, it IS a big deal. I don't meet this level of customer care too often. So, when the product is great and the customer care is unmatched, the choice is obvious as to who will get my business.
5	Quite simply, if you need it done, and done with flair, Impact is the place to go for your printing needs.  They are an Artesan print shop where quality always comes first and the focus is value.   If you appreciate quality and are willing to pay a fair price for it, then Impact is the place for you to go.
5	Yelp delivers again!!!We recently added a new attorney to our law firm and thus needed new business cards and announcements.  Our old standby - Ponte - was bought out by some out-of-state entity.  Wanting to keep our dollars local, we decided to give Impact a try.They couldn't have been nicer!  They were so knowledgeable and helpful and responded to e-mails almost immediately!  Plus, they gently suggested changes to our in-office design to make our announcements really stand out.You really can't beat this place for customer service.  They've got us for life.
5	I owe a debt of gratitude to yelp and the reviewers for taking the time to write about their experiences with Impact Printing.Like the other people before me, I also had a great experience with Impact and would definitely recommend their services.  Gary was extremely helpful making the process of ordering my business cards pleasant and easy.  I really can't say enough nice things, it was a pleasure doing business.  The quality of their products are only rivaled by the quality of their customer service.  Instead of using large internet companies (Vistaprint, Moo) go with a local company that really cares.I hope you find this review helpful and decide to give your business to Impact Printing, you won't regret it.
5	I had a run of postcards I needed printed in pretty much less than a day. Impact made it happen and didn't screw me over even a little bit (in fact, I think I paid less than I would have at those big office stores) This place is top notch and I can't wait for an excuse to give them my business again.Well done!
5	Hands down the best printers I've found in Phoenix. Friendly, personalized service,  great quality printing, and timely turnaround. These guys are true professionals.
5	Go to Impact Printing Services for great service and flairAnything you may need, they'll help prepareGot deadlines? No despair!They'll deliver with great careWith prices that can't comparePrinted colors pop and glowMy smiles on overflowSupport local! So now you're in the know!:)
5	Gary at Impact Printing is the man! He goes out of his way to give great service and I love that they will deliver items locally by courier. No need to get in the car. Just email proofs to him and they arrive shortly, hand delivered. This is a great way to support a local printing company, without sacrificing quality and service. They can compete with the big boys on pricing and products. Highly recommend.
