1	No no no no no.I love backpacking. I love staying in hostels. I've stayed in many, from Quebec City to Saint Petersburg. This is not a good hostel.It is uncomfortable. It's basically a bunch of plywood box rooms set up inside an old church. The outside of the rooms are covered in a huge, weird mural depicting things like beggars, serial killers and teddy bears hanging themselves (no, I'm not kidding). I stayed in a 10-person dorm which was very crowded, even by hostel standards. Ventilation isn't great and you easily find yourself either freezing or sweltering.It is dirty. Most of the facilities are located on the basement floor, and to get to them you have to walk through reception and past the common area. The bathrooms are vile and the showers are not much better. They stink to high heaven, there is a lot of mold and I doubt the place has had a thorough cleaning in the past decade. Don't even think about using the refrigerators in the common area. The staff claims they clean them out once a week. This is not true.It is sketchy. Although the neighborhood is safe, this is a cheap hostel and some of the folks staying there were definitely transients. A security system exists but it isn't much. You have to enter a code to enter after certain hours, but the code is simple and only changes once per week or so. Even then, staff rarely seem to ask questions about visitors and will buzz people in if they see them standing at the door.It is inconvenient. Now, I like walking so I didn't mind that it was a bit removed from the city centre, but this is not a centrally located hostel by any means. The nearest shops of any kind are a few blocks away. It's about 15 minutes from the end of Princes St, 20 minutes from the Royal Mile, and 30-45 minutes from the university. This can mean a long trip home after a night of pub-crawling.Short story: Avoid. I stayed here because I wanted to check out the Fringe and it was the only option available. If you have any other options, take them. You'll be glad you did.
