5	I always get asked "What's CrossFit?" and I always say "Uh...." Why the "uh?", well because with CrossFit it is always different. VERY generally its high intensity interval training (HIIT) that incorporates Olympic lifting, gymnastics, running, and various other things. Something like this video: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tzD9BkXGJ1MWhat's cool is that there is a set or "RX" weight for the work outs of the day (WOD) and everything is scaled down to what YOU can do. CAC Crossfit is inside City Athletic Club and is part of a higher tier membership. The membership also include access to everything from the regular gym and UNLIMITED guest passes but no Pilates. The workout room replaced the old full size basketball gym from 24 Hour Fitness, so its huge. There is no need to make a reservation for the class, just show up on time with your positive attitude! The staff at CAC Crossfit are pretty cool, patient, and very friendly. Kanoa is the head trainer, he's kind of like a huge grizzly bear, but friendly and very helpful. All the trainers are constantly on your case if you're form is off (to prevent injuries) and no one is necessarily "brutal", but the workouts are brutal (good thing). The people that come to class are cool and there is a lot of diversity of people, big, small, buff, huge, new moms, old moms, old dads, new dads, college grads, high schoolers, and a ton of New Year's Resolution folks.Call the number to inquire about a FREE week trial. There is class typically 6am, 9am, 12pm, 5pm, 6pm, and 7pm Monday to Friday with a class on Saturday. The rest of the weekend are open gym/make ups. Come workout with me, or even super woman Yelp Elite Maria A.
5	Completely disagree with Ben S. and know some to the trainers personally.  The quality and caliber of these trainers, especially Kanoa Montgomery is off the charts.  Best Crossfit gym in Vegas as far as I'm concerned and well worth the price.  Cost is relative when you're getting the best of the best.  If I can trust my patients to them, you can trust yourself.  Keep it up CAC Crossfit!
4	This is a review from someone who's never done crossfit before. I give it four stars as I have nothing to compare this to, but I have a feeling that if I did, I would give the full five stars.I've been on a fitness binge lately and trying out a Crossfit class was on my list. I've always done work outs by myself, so I was interested in the concept of working out with a group of people supporting each other. I decided to try it out at City Athletic Club as I was really drawn to how clean and aesthetically pleasing the facility was as well as the friendliness of the staff.I like that the instructors know the individuals who show up to their classes and that they immediately acknowledge new faces. It's very welcoming, especially for something that I believe a lot of people would be nervous doing for the first few times.  They're all also very knowledgeable and helpful. There is a learning curve, but they make sure to properly demonstrate and let you practice the workouts for the day at the start of each class, and if you still don't get it by the time you need to do that certain set, they'll come over and help you out. They're not very pushy where they're forcing you to do really heavy weights that you can't handle, which is a complaint I've heard of from friends trying out crossfit at other gyms, but they do encourage you and cheer you on to finish your sets with weights that you can do.Overall, I have been enjoying myself with the classes. I'm surprised with how quickly the hour goes by. It definitely beats sitting at home watching TV or sitting around and letting your mind wander into the idle, black depths of your brain that should never really be visited unless you feel like being an unfit and emotional, lonely mess.
5	I am not sure what happened to Ben S that he had such a horrible experience at CAC CrossFit. So horrible he had to create an account just to give one bad review. My experience at CAC CrossFit has been great! And I came here from another CrossFit box in town (which I still think is awesome, just not convenient for me).  The size of this box is huge and has plenty of equipment to accommodate all the athletes that show up at my session. The staff is very friendly, knowledgeable and without egos.  CAC CrossFit attracts great clients that are fun to workout with.  I looked at several other boxes before trying out CAC CrossFit and am happy this place was available for me.
5	They started a "Swimming Crossfit" class on Sundays at noon. I went to their first ever class and I had a BLAST. I love to swim and I have been enjoying crossfit. This class was dope. Putting them together is like workout heaven for me. It totally made the rest of my day. Man, I love this gym.
5	This place is awesome.  Great workouts and great motivation from awesome instructors.
5	This program totally rocks, Kenoa and other trainers are awesome, equipment is world class, they have everything you can imagine. Very dynamic and motivated workouts, best part, people you workout with are humble, supportive and friendly! I've tried other gyms, hard to beat CAC crossfit!
5	I love this fitness club. I used to belong to a huge named club here but I'm so much happier at cac. Best trainer is Arlin!!!!!!
