4	Great bike shop for the serious enthusiast or racer.  Roadies only!  (There are no mountain bikes here.). As the name suggests, this bike shop's mandate is to get you riding faster.  How?  By offering services such as its insanely cool wind tunnel, in which you ride your bike and technicians monitor your every move in order to adjust and maximize every aspect of your cycling performance: wattage, aerodynamic efficiency, ergonomics.  (This service is not for the poor cyclist.  Appointments needed.)As for goods, the clothing seemed limited to the Castelli brand and road bikes were represented mainly by Cervelo.  As a girl roadie, I would've liked a few more clothing brands to browse through.  I like variety!  I wanted a fall/winter jacket but they weren't on display yet (duh! It's still summer in the desert...).  The shop guy was personable and was patient with our enthusiastic questions.  We will definitely stop by again on our next visit to PHX.
5	For sure, Faster bike shop is (mainly) a roadie center-the most advanced in the Valley. Faster has a fit center with cameras, computer analytics, loaner parts and certified fit specialists; a wind tunnel; and full service center to get you into the right position. Prices are competitive. Faster knows riders' needs, which is exemplified with their emphasis on bike fit. Also look out for group rides-from A to C. These rides take you around some of the most beautiful scenery and bike friendly areas in the Valley. Clothing lines have expanded to Santini and Hincapie, as well as Castelli and Cervelo. I even saw a mountain bike or two last time I was in buying nutrition supplements. This is my local shop, and they won a loyal customer based on their outstanding customer service.Recently, Faster replaced my road tubeless wheel set with new, equivalent tubed rims-without me asking and at no cost. After my first ride on the tubeless set I flatted 10 miles from home, at night, and after repair, could not get the tire bead over the rim. I have mounted/repaired tires a thousand times through the years, but was defeated by this road tubeless set up. (WARNING: If you are considering tubeless road rims make sure you can mount the tire.)
5	After getting a tour of the fitting rooms and their windtunnel it was clear this shop knows what they're doing. They've got a great selection of bikes and apparel as well. On top of that their staff are incredibly friendly and willing to help with any problem you come in with. Definitely coming back
