4	The Gondola Ride at the Venetian is fun to do once.It's a 10 minute ride down the indoor canals of the Ventian Hotel in Las Vegas.  Tickets can only be purchased on the same day and it is $18 a person.   There's a maximum of 4 people on 1 gondola and if you want your own private gondola for 2, it is still $72.As you sail down the canal looking at the shops and bridges, the gondola paddlers will even sing during the tour.  This tour is a little cheesy, but can be romantic.  If you feel like burning some money, you might as well try it once.  It's better than throwing money away at the casino table games, although some people will disagree with me.
4	A bit on the pricey side for 10 minutes of entertainment but you are in Vegas after all. I would only recommend this for couples or when you are trying to woo a lady. We received a private gondola even though we only paid for the shared gondola which was a huge bonus. Our capitan (or whatever you call a gondola paddler) had some fantastic vocals and really helped transform our ride into a Venice experience. The indoor and outdoor gondola rides are two different experiences also by the way and since it was about 40 degrees outside we opted for the indoor gondola. The entrance to the indoor one is right across from Barney's inside the Venetian Canal Shoppes. You can buy tickets just around the corner inside a gondola gift shop. Excellent date night material and overpriced family/friends ride so you make the call from my .02 cents.
5	We took the outdoor Gondola ride on a beautiful sunny day in February. The ride was only about 15 minutes, but it was still worth the price. Our gondalier (I call her that because it was how she referred to herself) was fantastic. She sang in a lovely italian voice, and was personable and funny. She also posed in the background of our souvenir photographs!The ride was a short trip through the tunnels and back again. From what I hear the indoor ride is longer, but also a bit more expensive. I say, if the weather is good, the outdoor ride is the perfect length for a little less money, you still get the experience.
4	Really nice! My husband and I decided to this while we were walking the strip. At first we were really skeptical about paying $18.95 for a 10-13 gondola ride, but we figured we were in Vegas. We opted for the Indoor Gondola ride, which was beautiful!Very romantic!
4	Beautiful and romantic experience. A must have for any Vegas to-do list.
4	The closest you'll get to Italy from Vegas! HahaWe opted for a shared gondola which we didn't mind because the private gondola is too expensive for a 15min ride.  I don't think sharing a gondola with a couple you don't know makes the experience less romantic or less fun (unless the couple you're with is unpleasant) :PYou can either do the indoor or outdoor gondola ride.  We were in Vegas during winter season so we stayed indoors even though I would have preferred the outdoor gondola ride.  Enjoy!
1	It's Vegas. I get it. Money is supposed to be wasted. But this gondola ride may have crossed the line! We did the outdoor ride, and could not have been more disappointed. It was over $80 and ended in a matter of 8 minutes. Our guide had time to serenade us with 2 Italian songs (which were beautiful, btw) and that was it. She spun us around a few times, took us under a bridge, and let us go with an option to buy a photo for another $30.Price aside, I wouldn't waste my time with this ride even if it was free. Stay away fellow Vegas vacationers. If you're gonna throw $90 away, throw it on the craps table. At least you'll have fun -- and the possibility exists you would get a return.
4	Expensive(around 75 dollars for four people) Nice way to spend the afternoon in between heavy duty shopping at the Venetian. They sing for you. Photos around $47 for their most popular package after the ride. I'm told it's better than the real deal in actual Venice.
4	your expereince is really going to depend on the gondolier that you get. we were lucky that we came about 11:30 or so and there was zero wait to get on! by the time we hopped off though the line had already built up! our group of 6 split up into groups of 3 instead. they allow you to do that and still pay the per person price of $20. but a private tour for 2 would have been $80-90! .. the ride was cheesy, short, but cute. our gondolier was awesome, named berto! he sang to us in italian as it was my sister's birthday and he did make fun comments along the way. we were taking selfies and he jumped in on it! haha.. overall a good experience but again this totally depends on your gondolier!
5	Our scheduling started out sketchy will the initial ticket person giving use horrible instructions/directions but after we returned for a genuine verification a different person was there and she was great. Walking through the Vetetian was a blast as well as waiting in a brief line watching the riders anticipation. Everyone seemed to be well cared for and content our rides was no different as I think we got lucky with our gondola driver, he laughed and joked with us the whole time and was actually a great singer. Touring through the canals was awesome! Music playing from San Marco Square, the  ceiling pictured as a ocean blue sky (that turns into a night sky nearing the square), others watching as our driver explained the canals architecture and history. After we were done with our ride we walked over to the San Marco Square to watch performs dance and partake of some Italian Gelato (killer stuff!). I enjoyed this so much not only due to the fact that my sweetie pie was with me but that I'd had actually lived within hours of Venezia and enjoyed many weekends there.Highly recommend for anyone wanted a comfy and romantic time-out. Be sure to ask for inside gondola ride it's a winner.
4	If you're doing Vegas on a budget, go to one of those timeshare presentations (don't buy anything and be prepared to spend 3-4 hours, not the 2 hours they claim)Tickets are $20pp and we would not have gone otherwise! But, for FREE it was awesome!My husband and I had a great time, we went during the day and the sun was brutal (outdoor ride, indoors is under renovation).  However, the gondola does into a tunnel and our gondolier sang 2 songs. That was lovely.  We shared the boat with another couple and they were a delight.  The ride is about 10mins long. We did tip the gondolier.
5	As others have mentioned, there is an indoor and outdoor option. (Indoor is way better in my opinion, outside you are subject to the sun's glare or chill of the wind) Tickets are purchased for $18 at the gift shop (if you stay at the Venetian, they give you a voucher for 50% off when you purchase a full price ride).Domangio (can't remember his name exactly), our gondola driver, was amazing. He was super friendly and lots of fun. The ride itself lasted roughly 10 minutes and he sang two songs and chatted with us the whole time. It was a fun experience if you happen to be looking for something different!
3	The gondola ride is an Ok thing. Definitely overpriced for a ten minute ride. However it is Vegas and as you can expect things will normally carry a higher price tag. Wouldn't do it again.
4	I hate to admit it but this was a blast. Took my daughter and her two friends for a birthday weekend to LV. The gondola ride was on their to do list. Our gondola driver was terrific, friendly (but not in a creepy way) and even sang happy birthday in Italian. The indoor ride was short but certainly fun. We couldn't help ourselves and purchased the really cute pictures as well.  Afterwards it was a quick walk to Otto for an outstanding dinner but that is for another review. Overall an enjoyable fun experience in the "it makes sense in Vegas" kind of way.
1	Ummm....where was the actual ride? We hopped on the gondola and were whisked away for a whopping 8 mins. The songs were great, but super short. The cost was unnecessary. We understood that it is Vegas, and things are very overpriced, but that was a little ridiculous. I would not recommend this to anyone, my recommendation: go download some Italian songs, and walk down the side of the river as it will be a more pleasurable experience.
3	My date and I purchased two tickets for a gondola ride and they weren't cheap for what you get. We shared the gondola with a guy and his two kids...romance-killer right there. I thought it was funny.Our gondolier was singing and talking to us. If you go on a gondola ride in Venice (real deal Italy), you get a fat man who refuses to sing and just watch you drink Proseco as your hair flows in the wind and your cheeks gets kissed by the sun on a long ride in the Venetian canal.Our Vegas gondola ride was short and we stayed inside the casino. But it was an ok experience.
1	My wife wanted to try it so we did. Indoor ride on the gondola. It's pretty much a 10 minute ride. (5 mins going one direction and another 5 minutes back). For my wife, my daughter, and me, it was ~57 bucks or so ($18.95 each). One of the quickest way to lose money in 10 minutes besides gambling.Our lady driver was nice - had a beautiful voice, but nothing about it was memorable besides that (not romantic, out of this world,  etc). We bought the ticket and waited about 30 minutes for our turn. The rides is pretty much a linear canal - it doesn't go around the hotel/curve or anything like that.I would suggest just save the money and be the bystander standing at either end of the canal where the drivers sing to hear their beautiful voice.
2	Okay it's hard only putting two stars, but I think the price you pay is ridiculous. They charge you a pretty decent chunk of money for 2 people, and you have to ride with 2 other complete strangers...unless you want to cough up some more cash for a private gondola, AND you're also encouraged to tip them. Plus they take pictures of you, but expect you to pay $22 for ONE picture...yeah no. Anyway, the ride was maybe 10 minutes, we went on the outdoor one. It was a really nice day out and I thought it was neat how they sang to you and the Venetian is gorgeous, but still the price is crazy for what you get. I would say if you have the money, go for it, it's nice but not worth the price for the amount of time you get and sitting with people you don't know.
4	Bucket List experience. Everyone needs to ride the gondola at the Venetian at least once in a lifetime. I was surprised it was less than $20 per person. Its a little strange having all those tourists stare at you from over the railings, just smile and wave and pretend you're a famous person, that's what I did anyway.
4	Crossed off the Vegas bucket list, the Gondola ride was a short and pleasant one. We were lucky enough to have the boat to ourselves, nevertheless, with two kids it was a full ride.   Our tour guide sang beautifully, and was very friendly. According to him, each employee must audition for the job and once hired they are trained to sing with conviction and romantically.   Although there was a sign for an indoor and outdoor ride, we were lead to the indoor line. I enjoyed the ride, the tranquility of the water and voice of our guide. The rude was approximate ten minutes...a bit short; I could have sat in my seat for another ten.   All in all, a pleasant experience.
5	5th or 6th time - this time with grandkids - always a lot of fun!
2	If you want to throw money away for no bloody good reason then this is definitely the place to do it.First off there's an indoor and outdoor ride. To get to the indoor there's a lot of treking involved. Don't ask the staff, they send you everywhere the box office isn't. Follow the signs above your head.We opted for the outside ride as it was a lovely day and thought it might be entertaining.You get about 8 minutes on the actual gondola. After waiting in the long que. We ended up paying $20 per person for the experience and shared with another couple. The only saving grace here was that our gondola driver used to live in Sydney in the same town I'm in actually so we had a bit of a gossip about it all.The pictures taken were pretty horrible. Only 1 out of the 3 was worth it. Unfortunately because buying 1 picture meant that we were actually buying 2 we got a 3rd one free. So we had to take an ugly photo as well. Most upsetting. I get that everything is on a time frame, but seriously? Hire better photographers if that's the case. It's not that hard taking a good picture of people. I do better on my android phone.All in all, it's a total waste of money, but one that I can safely say I ticked off the bucket list. Never again Venetician, never again.
2	Tourist trap. $20 per person and you will probably share a boat with another couple. They have an indoor one and an outdoor one but same lame ride. Save your money for the casinos or buffets.
3	I have been on the Gondola ride at the Venetian hotel more than I probably should, but I have yet to have a crappy or less-than-par experience. I would like to mention beforehand that this review is for the indoor ride as I have yet to experience the outdoor ride. I must mention that I probably should try the outdoor ride as you are paying the same price for the ride and I will be able to get a different view from the one I am so used to.First off, the only downfall to the ride is purchasing the tickets. I believe that standing in line with agitated people is twice as long as the actual ride. But nonetheless, when you get up to the cashier, it is evident that the staff is always trying their best to keep the line moving. The line to get onto a gondola has never been long and I have been to the Venetian in many different seasons, Spring Break, Christmas and during the summer holidays. The line is located right outside of the little shop where you purchase your tickets, photos and souvenirs so thankfully, you do not have to travel too far to get to the gondola. Now, I overheard about a dozen times the directions to get to the outside gondola ride but it seems simple enough to get out there. Skimming through the reviews and reading about the gondola drivers, I must say that I am very lucky to have gotten drivers who would since more than three or four songs per ride and definitely were fun to be with for those ten to fifteen minutes that the ride lasts. Also, since I am on the ride with my family, I have not yet been on a gondola with strangers. I also wonder why people who wish to have their own gondola decided to tell the person at the cashier that they want to go on a shared gondola as I believe that option to be in their own gondola is offered upon payment of the tickets.Once you are done with your ride, you are ushered back into the souvenir and ticket shop to view the photos taken of you while on the gondola - photos include with the gondola driver and also without the gondola driver and with your fellow riders only. In the age of iPhones and self-cameras, you can take multiple photos of yourself and friends or family and even with the gondola driver too. I certainly am unashamed to say that I took about half a dozen selfies with our gondola driver when we went just this year, It certainly saves you $40.00 USD and you can take your photos with you without having to carry it in a plastic bag.Nonetheless, as an evident tourist to good ole Las Vegas, I do recommend the gondola ride to tourists who are willing to pay tourist prices for a short - but very enjoyable and relaxing - ride throughout the canal and shoppes at the Venetian hotel as not all of the hotels offer an attraction as grand as this.
3	Ok ok. I admit that this ride is a total TOURIST TRAP. But, my bestie was in town for her first trip to Vegas, so I just HAD to take her. I was disappointed, however, that they don't even have a slight local discount? Not that's ridiculous!!We went on the outdoor ride and although most of the view was familiar, it was nice to have a fun gondola man sing songs in Italian. He was TRULY a delight!!!I don't understand people who shell out the $75 for the private two-person gondola, though. Unless you get a deal from the hotel, it's totally not worth it. I guess if that's how you're going to propose? But, what a cheesy way to propose...
4	Another attraction to do in Vegas. The gondola ride was nice, relaxing and romantic.  Remember, you have to kiss your significant under every bridge. Plus, our gondolier,  Luciano was very nice and sang beautifully.  He was actually from Italy, which made the experience better. It was short but nice. My wife and I enjoyed it.
3	If you haven't gone on a gondola ride before and want to do something "romantic" in vegas, you should try it. But be prepared to spend about $40 plus tip for a pretty short 6-8min (definitely less than 10 min) ride through the canals. The bright side is that they sing to you, the down side is if you don't want to spend $75, you will be sharing your romantic moment with two others - which can potentially be pretty awkward.Also, if you want to ride the gondola, you must make reservations at the store around the corner from the line. This can potentially mean waiting an hour or so before your reservation time so plan ahead. Don't make the mistake of jumping straight into line without a ticket, because they will just direct you to the store and you will have wasted some time.
5	My cousin and I rode on the indoor gondola and IT WAS AMAZING!(I would recommend indoor over the outdoor because the course is longer. Outdoor you just ride in small circles!) We got Matteo as our guide and he sang the most amazing rendition of Ave Maria I've ever heard! It was definitely worth the money. The ride last about 10 minutes and at $18.50 a person not too crazy a price. I would recommend this for a couple!
5	This was worth the money. It might have been short but well worth it. Our tour guide, Umberto, was very knowledgeable and knew all the songs my wife kept throwing at him. We had our own ride so it was that much more special, especially since it was our 12th year anniversary. We did the indoor ride since it was over 100 degrees that day. You also get the option of purchasing pictures. Probably will not do it again, at least the indoor one, but worth the money and the ride.
3	I've been on the gondola before about 5 years ago and had really good memories about it, however just recently we went on it and I feel it was a complete total waste of time and money.  If you have never been on a gondola ride before and want to do something romantic/different than by all means try it.  But seriously it wasn't anything special and our guy wasn't that great.  Thankfully we saved some money because we were staying at the Venetian and got a discount through their passport app.  We had the gondola all to ourselves and we did have to wait about 45 minutes before riding.  So I highly recommend making reservations or just have a plan on something to do, go walk around and shop like I did. Anyhow all in all i thought my lil one would like it but he wasn't that excited as i thought he would be, the ride was super short and the singing could have been better or the guy could have been more interactive and talked to us more.  I wouldn't go back, waste of money and time!
1	My GF and I were at the Inside Gondola Ride on Wed, 7/2/14 and were being rushed to book the ride and were not informed about sharing the boat. Once we returned, she pointed at the wall with the banner stating the obvious. This is something you can get by on the basis of technicalities and is passable as we could have still sat in front of the punter. However, the customer service is so poor that it just messed up our visit. This is not incompetence but failure on your management for not providing adequate coaching. We booked the 9:35 boat and got in line exactly at 9:31, the usher (Female) came and commanded us get out of the line as it was not the time yet. OK SERGEANT!  Precisely  two minutes later at 9:33PM sharp,  she made us all get in line again. As a result I was placed 9th in queue instead of being third. Let me assure you that I was not the only one disgruntled at this point, the whole ride was about clicking pictures only nothing more of an experience.
1	My wife and I wanted to go on the gondola ride today. We took the monorail there and wandered through the shops and casino to find it. if you ask anybody that wooks there they'll either claim to not know or try to sell you a timeshare. Eventually we made it there and found the store where the tickets were sold. Unfortunately they don't take debit or credit cards. It seems like a company that large would be able to procure the technology to accept electronic payment. It's $19 plus tip, plus $7 for the ATM. That's if you want to be in there with strangers. To get your own boat it'd be $90 plus tip. The zipline on Fremont street is only $20 and much more fun.
5	Of all the paid hotel attractions this was my absolute favorite.  We stayed at the Venetian so we saw a preview of the ride that is inside and the one outside in front of the hotel.  We decided to do the outside ride.Initially we looked into getting married on one of these.  The starting price is almost $1200 so we went with our initial plans to marry at a Vegas chapel.  We decided we would ride the gondola after we got married and pay less than $20 a person.  The ride only lasts about 10-13 minutes.  For about $80 you can opt for a private ride for two.  We did not mind sharing the gondola with another couple.  Our gondolier was a woman who was very friendly and sang to us.  She had a beautiful voice and added to the whole experience.  This is the only thing we bought a souvenir pic of because it came out so nice.
5	I went to the outside gondola place around 5pm on a Sunday with my girlfriend, who was all hot on this attraction. There was no line. My cheap ass didn't want to pay for a private gondola, but I didn't want to be staring at some random couple. I fortunately timed it right, it wasn't busy, and they put the two of us in our own private gondola. The gondolier was excellent, had to be the best singer of the whole bunch. My girlfriend was in heaven with all of the LV strip gawkers watching us. I tipped the gondolier a $20. Very expensive for what it really is, but worth it to do it once.
4	This was one attraction that I was really excited to do in Vegas. We did the inside ride which was great because it was a hot day.  Our Gondolier, Rocco, was very entertaining and super nice.  The ride was relaxing and peaceful.  It's a great activity for adults and children. The ride itself is about 12 minutes long- long enough to feel like you got your money's worth but not so long that the kids get restless.  The whole family really enjoyed it a lot.  I feel like tickets were a little on the pricey side, but not outrageous.  However, the cost to purchase the photos they take of you at the beginning of the ride was VERY expensive, even exorbitant, and that is why I give 4 stars.
4	A must do in Vegas when you come with your significant other. It offers you the option to do both, indoors and outdoors. The outdoor ride is with the view of both the palazzo and the Venetian with a glimpse of the strip as well. The tickets can be bought inside the Canal Shops for both attractions. If you decide to do the outside gondola you go under the famous Rialto Bridge and get so enjoy St. Marks Campanile as well. Both are life size replicas and done to perfection. You have the option to sit with another couple or pay a little extra and have the gondola to yourselves. The regular prices are 18.95 per person and 78 for a private gondola. Inside you are taken through a lake that ventures through the Grand Canal Shops. Full of high end boutiques and restaurants. The ceilings are painted and illuminated making it seem as if you are in a gondola in the city of Venice. The gondoliers sing to you through the ride and pose for pictures whenever you ask. The experience is great, just wish the ride was a little longer.
2	I really wanted to add a romantic activity to our romantic night in Vegas with the hubby and the Gondola boat ride was added to the list ! First of all if you don't know your way around the Venetian please ask for directions or you will get lost in this giant hotel! After finally locating the ride we were instructed to go to a shop and pay for the boat ride. Ok so the catch is you can pay additional (80.00) and have the boat to yourself and your loved one(s) or you can just pay for you and your loved ones and hope you have it to yourself. I almost shelled out the extra money but decided against it. Good thing I didn't--the hubby and I walked to the boat dock and we lucked out and got a boat all to our lonesome selves!!! Winning! So our boat person was very friendly and had an Italian accent and sang and talked to us the whole ride. I guess you are paying for the singing because the ride itself sucked. I wish I surveyed the area of where the boat ride ends and we would have done something else. It takes 3-4 minutes or so to get to the other end (for the inside ride) and then you turn around and head back. The ride isn't that long and really not worth 20 per person. I wish we did the outside version but this closes earlier in October and colder months. I loved our boat person but we could have gone without this activity.
