4	Well, if you're in Vegas and you're staying at the Wynn, it's hard not to see Cartier. Resplendent in its bejeweled glory, Cartier beckons.If you have to ask the price, you simply can't afford it - but you're in Vegas and you already knew that, right? So complaining about the stratospheric prices here is a bit like going into a Ferrari dealership and asking about a cheap commute car. And wait ... there *is* a Ferrari dealership at the Wynn, which happens to charge admission for gawkers and tire-kickers. And I don't recommend actually asking them about the cheap commute car ...... but back to Cartier. I've been to the boutiques in New York and Paris, and this one is definitely smaller but no less willing to snuggle up to you (and your platinum card).And the trinkets do tempt; I found myself orbiting around a display case with cuff links, pens and such like.Alas, most trips to boutiques like this end up being a feast for the eyes only. And the staff there were happy to oblige. Professional and unassuming, the folks there seem to treat everyone walking in as a prospective client, which is good ... because this is Vegas, and you never know who might be walking around with a mitt full of Benjamins looking for the right piece of bling.
5	A year after I made the purchase of my lovely ring, I was looking to have it professionally cleaned. Fortunately, my SA, Michelle kept in touch with me via mail, so I knew that she had moved from the boutique at Crystals and was now a manager at this location! Based on our experience with her, I am more than happy to visit wherever she may be located.This was my first time to this boutique (located next to the valet entrance to Wynn and before the shops) and as usual, it's very nice. We chatted, she showed me some of the new pieces, I had my ring cleaned (complimentary steam cleaning!), and I left with their new catalog. Service was obviously fabulous!I don't really have a preference between the three boutiques in Las Vegas (Wynn, Crystals, Forum Shops) because the spaces are similar in size and the products on hand aren't radically different (plus, if they don't have what you're looking for, they go above and beyond to get it). However, I highly recommend visiting this boutique and specifically seeing Michelle!
