5	My husband and I got our wedding cake from here. We had the reception at Maggianos and they contract with a local bakery to make the cake which is included in the price of the reception. By having a destination wedding one of the things I felt I really missed out on was cake tasting. I called the owner and asked if I would be able to come in on Monday (my wedding was on Wednesday) and taste a few samples of cake. I figured it wouldn't hurt to ask. She not only said yes but let me choose 5 flavors to try. We went in and she welcomed us with open arms. Even though we were not a big sale for here in fact we weren't shelling out any extra money for the cake. She was getting the $2 per slice which times 19 people = $38. She treated us like she would have a person who was ordering a $300+++ cake. Then we got to tasting cakes and OMG! The husband and I compromised and picked the bottom layer to be white cake with lemon filling and the top layer was chocolate cake with raspberry filling. The cake was fantastic. In fact my husband and I are going to find a way to get a slice every time we go back to Vegas. It was honestly that good! We thank Creations for making our special day that much more special!
2	Although the cake was good...it wasn't what I had asked for. My cake was dropped and had to be completely redone 1 hour before my reception. I called about a week after to try to get a refund and was promised a check for a small portion of my purchase, but never received anything. I was disappointed in the outcome because I didn't feel that I got what I paid for.  :(
2	I purchased a groupon to sample a dozen Creations Bakery cupcakes. What a disappointment. After hearing such lovely things about their cakes, I expected equal quality and creativity on their cupcakes. Boy was I wrong. I was told I could only get vanilla or chocolate cupcakes. If you're doing a promotion, you would think they would offer a great assortment of their 'best' flavors. A nice sampling of the work they do. When I picked up my 6 vanilla, 6 chocolate cupcakes, they were nothing more than simple store bought sweets with sprinkles. Nothing special.
