3	Things were just not working well at Deep South last night, but my server was gracious and apologetic and comped the entire meal without my having ever voiced complaint, and my food, when it did arrive, was good, so I'm going to withhold full review until I can give this place another chance.  With some tuning, I believe this place has potential to be a viable addition to the local soul food scene, and am hoping they were just majorly out of tune last night.   Breakfast, lunch and dinner available.  Two piece fried chicken dinner served with simple house salad, cornbread, and your choice of 1 side: $9.99 (+beverage).  Three pieces with 2 sides: $13.99 (+beverage) = huge meal. Side dishes include mac'n'cheese, collard greens, black eyed peas, okra, and other country comforts. Separate sides were I believe $3.49 and servings sizes were decently generous.  A number of sandwich selections such as the classic "Po Boy" were available in the $7 range.The 2 piece chicken dinner was  filling.  Adding a second side and slice of homemade "7-Up pound cake", was more than filling and provided leftovers to bring home. The friend chicken was well-cooked and perfectly textured; the house mac'n'cheese simple and pleasing.  Iced tea, the southern nectar of the gods, is served in large Kerr jars.  The green iced tea was perfectly sweetened (as in not "over"), and was ice cold and warmly welcomed. Regular sweet tea and a peach tea available as well as soft drinks.  I did not note alcoholic beverages on the menu, but was not looking.Located in former "Roadhouse Restaurant" attached to the "Sterling International Hotel", a grand sounding name for an old 2-story motel on 24th Street, just south of Jefferson near the airport, the dining room is pleasant, comfortable, uncrowded, and appears clean.  There's  a secured wi-fi connection, which I presume is available to customers, but I did not inquire.  Restrooms are in the corridor between the motel and restaurant.  The men's room was clean, stocked with soap, paper towels, and TP, and appeared to have been refurbished to a considerably improved appearance some years ago.   I look forward to going Deep South again and having an overall experience to write home or at least Yelp about.  The "big pork chops" that were recommended to me sound good with a bowl of that homemade mac'n'cheese on the side.
5	Southwest of Jefferson/24st,just off the light rail. Kinda hard to find but you will find the banners. Adjacent to a hotel, looks can be deceiving..Not much to look at inside, but it was clean and we were greeted warmly. My husband had smothered pork chops. I wanted sweet so ..sweet potato and Peach cobbler a la mode hit the spot!!This is the spot. Mrs. Whites has gone down hill after she passed.Lo-lo no longer has the hospitality it used too. Went to both places for years.Lo lo we revived HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE AND LEFT.GIVE   DOWN SOUTH A TRY!:)
4	Being from Chicago me and my family know good southern cooking. Since we have lived here now for 10 years the closest is Lo lo's but let face it. It is commercialized and expensive. If you want a place not for look but for good food and friendly atmosphere look no further. This is the place to go and please don't judge a book by its cover. I had the BBQ platter with the Beef Brisket instead of chicken because my wife got the chicken platter. The sides are excellent, Okra,Collard greens, etc. My daughter had the Po Boy pulled pork which was too big for her to finished. Great portions as well. The kids menu wasn't bad one of my sons had the Mac and Cheese and ate it all. My other son had 2 drumsticks all in all a good meal. Give them a shot you will be pleasantly surprised.
1	I purchased a groupon for this establishment because I've been looking for a good southern style restaurant in the Phoenix area. We went into with high hopes even though the place appears to be pretty new given the few reviews.When arriving the restaurant appeared to be pretty clean, though the floors were kind of sticky, but nothing major. We were seated and the server took our drink order, I had a diet coke and my fiancee got a peach tea. Now keep in mind when we got there, there were only 4 parties of people, one group was getting ready to leave. So basically there were only 3 groups, me and my fiancee, another two individuals and a larger group of 5. Nothing too major. I noticed the server talking with other staff, and roughly 10 minutes later we still didn't have our drinks, in fact our server was just having a conversation with the big group. Another employee who was off the clock came in and started talking with the manager. To say we felt ignored would have been an understatement. The manager finally came to us to ask if we wanted drinks (yes we were asked that again), and we repeated our order to him that we gave the server. Our server turns around from the big group of people and shouts "Oh the diet coke is sitting in the kitchen". So basically our drinks were just sitting there, the server clearly had other priorities. By the time the manager came with our drinks we had enough, it is not a good feeling to be ignored completely by your server especially in a place that wasn't even close to being busy. If this place wants to stay in business they probably should treat their customers with a bit more respect whether there is one customer or 10. It seemed clear the server was more interested in the big group of people, heck the other couple was waiting for their check the whole time we were there.Yeah I paid money for the groupon, but it got to the point where it just wasn't worth it. We were trying to have a nice night out and they almost ruined it. Thankfully we found a wonderful restaurant where we actually felt welcome so the night wasn't a bust after all. I've maybe walked out of one restaurant my entire life, Down South is now the 2nd.  Too bad, because the food may have been pretty good.
1	Soooooo... I have tried on several occasions to give Down South a try. As a former soul food entrepreneur in Atlanta, I am fully aware of the ups and downs associated with a start up restaurant. This evening is where I draw a line in the sand! I ordered the fried whiting fish with two sides. I asked my server if the Fried Green Tomatoes could be a side item and he said it could. Now, after waiting over an hour for food, I couldn't understand the wait being there was only 3 people in the entire restaurant. Then once the bill came, I was charged extra for the fried green tomatoes. I asked my server why I was charged extra and his remark was apparently you couldn't have the fried green tomatoes as a side item.... WHAT?!! Very poor customer service after I waited over an hour for fried whiting, I asked about the side items before ordering and was misinformed and still charged full entree price when I didn't even get my additional side item being I paid separately for the tomatoes! To some this may seem petty but it really is a slap in the face when you feel it necessary to misinform and nickel and dime customers who come on a semi regular basis to support a new black owned business. Welp! Back to LoLo's.... Smh
4	Despite a notable reduction in staff from my first visit, I am pleased to note a considerable improvement in taste and timeliness since my first visit to Down South late last year.  Take note however that the regional truism to the effect that one should not be in a hurry when one goes down south applies here as well, only more so.  Thankfully, Norm R and I were not in a hurry, and we both felt the food was worth the 27 minute wait from ordering to delivery of first dish to table, with all others following in reasonable succession afterward (as opposed to the 90 minutes on the first visit).    On this visit Down South got "fried" right on all accounts.  The chicken that was "pretty" but flavorless on visit one, was perfectly seasoned and delicious on this try.  The first visit's bitter collard greens were a mess - while these were a proper mess (batch) of collards, well-complimented with a dash of hot-pepper vinegar, as opposed being a necessary disguise to the first.  The two fried pork chops, decent sized and battered with breading of similar seasoning to the chicken, were moist and delicious.  The mac n cheese, the only standout (aside from the 7-Up cake) of the first visit, was the creamy, cheesy, comfortingly delicious equal to that of the first. The experimental side of the night was the fried corn on the cob with same breading/batter, and to my surprise delicious and not remotely greasy.  There was a sizeable biscuit included with the meal, but with no butter, no jam, honey, or anything supplied to go with it, not a worthwhile inclusion.     We were welcomed on entry by the owner and told we could take our choice of seats and chose one of the large, deep, comfortable booths.  The owner checked with us a couple of times before we decided on our orders, took the orders and supplied us with our respective beverages.  There were far fewer folks working, and things frankly seemed to working far more efficiently without so many people and so much conversation among staff.  The owner, who served as our greeter, waiter, server, and cashier, was friendly and solicitous of our opinion on the food and appreciative of our compliments.  Service was adequate if not exactly attentive in the nearly empty restaurant, as our glasses ran dry for extended periods, but can be excused somewhat given the range of activities having to be covered by the one individual.  All in all, I'm glad I made the effort to go back Down South.  The food on this visit was delicious in flavor, generous in quantity, the service improved, and the overall experience satisfying and economical (even aside from the coupon deal).  We would both go back and would encourage you to go Down South too - as long as you're not in a hurry.  Note the $15 "Gospel Brunch" on at least one Sunday a month where you can presumably get your soul food and eat it too.
5	What a great find! We visited this restaurant after seeing a gift certificate for it on Restaurant.com. We were warmly greeted when we walked in and told to make ourselves comfortable at any table. There were two other parties finishing up their meals when we got there about an hour before closing time on a weekday. I ordered the three-item appetizer plate with fried pickles, green tomatoes and green beans. It was absolutely delicious and well-seasoned, a perfect portion! It also came with a healthy side of ranch. My boyfriend ordered the BBQ entree platter with brisket, mac and cheese, mashed potatoes and fries. We certainly got our money's worth and had tons of leftovers! We were extremely happy with our dinner choice and will be telling our friends about this wonderful, unique eatery. I just became more of a fan of soul food than ever before!
1	I wish I could choose no stars. This is one of the worst soul food restaurants ever. The people who are rating high on this place have ovbiously had worse. The prices were too high and the food was unseasoned. I just went today and paid $15 for just the meal and no drink. For that price, it should have included a drink and I was scared to ask for water for fear that I'd be charged for it. It wasn't automatically brought out first like with most restaurants. There were only 3 of us dining in today when I went and I walked over to the other table to see how they liked their food and they said their chicken was undercooked, as was mines a bit. Their greens tasted as if they'd just dropped them in water and cooked them. No flavor what so ever. Mind you..a couple of  their sides include baked potatoes and garlic mashed potatoes. At least that's what the menu said... I ordered the garlic mashed potatoes with gravy because I thought I was getting garlic mashed potatoes with gravy. What I got was one of their baked potatoes(skin inlcuded), smushed down on the plate with gravy on top of it. There was no butter, garlic, milk or any other ingredient to mashed potatoes. Apparently, the baked potato is the mashed potatoes...unmashed. Really???I left and took the two pieces of chicken I had left with the okra and left it at a bus stop for someone else to eat since I didn't want to throw it away, but everything else was left on the plate in the restaurant. Waste of my money, but I knew better than to go there based off the fact that there are never any cars in the parking lot. Reding these reviews and based on my own experience, you would think management would ask.. "why do we always only have groups of 3 at a time?"  Worse food ever and I'm surprised they are still standing. I don't think they will be for long. If people think that is the greatest soul or southern food there is in Arizona, then I MUST open up one of my own, because I'd make a killing if people are buying that nastiness. You people need your taste buds checked out. If this was delicious, you are obviously missing out.
1	I've attempted to visit this restaurant twice, and both times there were closed. The first time I tried, I called ahead to confirm that they would be open. I arrived 30 minutes later and they were are already closed, despite knowing that I was on my way. The next time I visit I make sure I don't call beforehand, so they can't close in anticipation of me. I arrive on a Saturday at 7pm, when ALL restaurants in Phoenix are open. Except them. Closed again.I don't think this restaurant is in business any longer. Every time I come, they are closed.
1	Not a great experience. I've been looking for a great soul food place since relocating to phoenix. I would have to say DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY AND TIME.  I thought I was being pranked. All of the food was cold and had no flavor. I asked my sister to come with me and I was embarrassed that I asked. I took one bite and was done. Wasted money. This place was not very clean either. Definitely a no! Pictures do lie.
