4	To me, Body Shop will always score major points for being first.  Yes, first.  Who before them was saying "beauty products should be good for the environment" or  "recycle your containers" or even better - how they encouraged free trade, no animal testing and human rights, partially through free trade.  For some time I was addicted to several of their products.  I admit I only refilled one bottle.  Bad me.   I'll admit, I rarely shop there now as there hasn't been a Body Shop anywhere near where I lived, and I haven't been committed enough to the cause to drive over to one for lotions and other body goodies.  But dang they have some awesome stuff.  It's a fun little splurge now and then for me now.  A new package of body butter or foot scrub and I'm happy. I've helped the world, supported healthy policies and softened my skin all at the same time.I know a guy friend who's a huge fan of their men's stuff.  Gotta be honest - I couldn't even tell ya which stuff he gets.  But I know it's a lot.  And he's tried most if not all of them.  He freaking loves them.  And he's not gay - his girlfriend got him started with this obsession.  So really straight guys - you can shop there.  It's ok.Yea, a lot of other stores have gone green too.  But it's great to keep supporting one of the places that started it all.
5	I also appreciate how The Body Shop has made "going green" a priority way before it was socially popular. Although their prices are a little high compared to their competitors they use all natural products people! I always find really cool stuff that is good and good for your body. They also use aromatherapy with most if not all of their products which is also great for your body.Next time you want to buy a gift basket for a friend or find yourself heading to another beauty shop at the mall stop by the body shop!
4	I met The Body Shop founder Anita Roddick twenty years or so ago in London and was very impressed on how she was marketing cosmetics to promote the end of animal testing.  At the time I wasn't aware how cosmetic were made or tested.  She really changed my mind and made me think.I bring this up only because I didn't realize The Body Shop was still around, and how "green" they've become which I think is a good thing.  If Anita was still alive today I believe she would be very proud of the direction her company continues to takeGreat concept, great advocacy and a great store!
4	Natural products and great smells to be found inside The Body Shop. This location meets my needs since it's close by my home. I think that things are changing because the staff is great any they are always busy merchandising. I am very glad that they are in The Paradise Valley Mall stop by and give them your business.
4	I am a bath, skin care products and make up junkie.  I really like The Body Shop products, specially when they are on sale or specials.  I am also a deal shopper, so bonus.  I really like their oil free body bronzer, at first the scent is a little strong, but it blends eventually and you are left with a nice bronzed tone.  I also love their aloe foam make up remover.  And the mascara, I like that one too.  Their face bronzer is the only one that does not make me look like an oompa loompa,  I love the orange color, but not on my face, so thank you Body Shop for having one that is perfect for me.
4	Clean, brightly-lit, and organized.  The clerk behind the counter was pretty, poised, neatly-dressed, friendly, upbeat, and communicated well.  Great location within the mall.  I like!!Current deals are "Buy three, get two free; Buy two, get one free; and Buy one, get the second half-off."  Was able to find Mom's favorite body butter scent, as well as the matching shower gel in a gift set complete with matching bath glycerin soap for $20.  I found out too late that the scent comes in a jumbo bath gel (originally $15).  With the current deal, I could've chosen two body butters for $36 ($18 each) and received the jumbo bath gel for free.  However, my Mom can take the bath soap on her next trip and not worry about potential spills, so everything worked out fine.  :)
4	...I'm really not sure how I'd have survived residency and fellowship without their hemp hand lotion and now living in the desert - yeah, kinda necessary here as well.  Now I just need the same Black Friday deal as last year to let me stock up for 2013.  :-)
4	Very nice store, bright and well lit.  Enjoyed their natural products.  Love them for being green.  Great location off the food court entrance at the mall.  Make sure you join their Birthday Club and get $10 off your first purchase.
5	I love shop at  the body shop,the lady who works there is supper nice.great customer service!! i forgot her name but i think she is the manager over there.she was very patient explainning products to me and i was happy each visiting.great shop beat the one at arrowhead mall.even arrowhead mall is lots of closer.to me i would chose paridise valley location because better customer service!!!
