5	I am a graduate of the Fall 2011 series of classes, and I cannot describe how beneficial the course was for my self esteem, body image, confidence, etc.  Whether you are interested in being a performer or simply stripping for your lover, these are the classes for you.  The teachers are knowledgeable, experienced, generous and supportive.  They create a trusting atmosphere that is safe to both learn and make mistakes.  No experience is necessary, they can make a burlesque dancer of anyone (including MEN!)  Run (or prance and shimmy) to Las Vegas Burlesque Classes for an awesome experience in a fun, sparkly atmosphere.
5	You built us up Buttercup!!!Oh what an amazing time our bachelorette party had here!!Definitely be aware that this class is way off strip. So you are going to either have to drive there or get a cab. I highly HIGHLY recommend scheduling a cab service to pick you up AHEAD OF TIME. That was one thing we had forgotten to do and had to wait about an hour afterwards. The class is located on the second level in a semi-sketchy looking stripmall building but once you find it, you are welcomed into a cute little dance studio decorated up to get you into the mood for some fun burlesque!We had Buttercup as an instructor and she was so cute and sweet!! The class was lots of fun and we learned lots of little things here and there! And our bride-to-be got a very cute gift bag from the studio!Pricing was very decent at about $20 per girl for the class.So if you are with a fun bunch of girls who wouldn't mind trying something different... this is a great one hour class that will leave you and your friends with some great memories!
5	This was absolutely fabulous! We wanted to do something different for our friend's Bachelorette and Buttercup Delight did NOT disappoint! Some of us were a little apprehensive and nervous at first, but Buttercup made us all feel comfortable and had us smiling, laughing, and dancing, the entire time! We even used our newly learned moves later that night while dancing on the Strip! Anyone who is looking for something original, sexy, and fun to do on their Vegas vacation, should definitely take burlesque lessons from Buttercup Delight!
5	My friends and I took a private burlesque class for part of a bachelorette party. It was the perfect start to our night! Everyone was able to warm up for the evening ahead and just let loose. Buttercup Delight was our instructor and she was PERFECT! Not only is she incredibly talented and knowledgable, she made everyone feel welcome and comfortable. The location was a bit hard to find, but it really is a little hidden gem. The studio is clean and bright with a separate office/seating area. They offer drop in as well as private classes. I highly recommend this studio and am hoping to be able to take classes there again soon.
5	I started taking Vegas Stiletto Fitness in November '13 and I can't get enough! Missy Miss has helped me feel comfortable in my own skin.  I find myself "diva walking" in the grocery store lol. My self confidence got the much needed boost from these classes and can I just say from doing this is heels my butt looks better then ever!!!!
