4	This place is great. My guy and I went in on a weeknight around 9:00pm and we had the entire place to ourselves. The staff was very attentive and treated us like kings. The food was very good and inexpensive. They have great prices on drinks and $0.99 sushi. We had the Sake Sushi, Caterpillar Roll and Alaska Roll. Everything was good and presented beautifully. The server brought us complimentary miso soup and edamame. The sushi chef gave us some squid salad on the house. The atmosphere is great, I really like the decor. We will be regulars...
4	I had lunch here yesterday. It was pretty good! The fish was tasty and it was a nice atmosphere. Looks like a nice place to go with a group to watch a game and have some drinks too!  I didn't have sashimi on this trip but I will be back to try!
5	Fantastic food at very fair prices, and they have the most AMAZING service. I could repeat what the other reviewers are saying, but will post some photos instead. :-)
5	I've been to Sushi San 4 times now, and they already know me by name and know what I like to eat! The first time I went to Sushi San, I was shopping for costume props at Goodwill and I figured there couldn't really be a good sushi place next door. I decided to take the plunge. I was greeted kindly, service was fast and friendly and the sushi was actually quite delicious.After the third visit, the owners kindly offered me a free set of nice chopsticks, labeled with my name to keep at the restaurant for when I am there. I have been dieting, so no rice for me lately. Luckily, they have a delicious Spicy Sashimi Salad, which I get with scallops added to it. Complimentary Miso Soup and Watermelon to cleanse the palate, too.This is exactly the kind of place I love to support. Family owned and operated. Amazingly hospitable service that you aren't likely to see outside of fine dining. Very nice quality sushi(even compared to my favorite Shimigomo). And did I mention they carry Soju! Sake's sweeter, stronger Korean brother!Go there! Bring friends! This place deserves your business.
5	My brother said to check out this place and he was right.  Great food prepared beautifully.  My meal was huge and when i got the bill it was only ten bucks!  Very gracious and pleasant service. I'm definitely coming back here with my fiance . I ordered the spicy sashimi salad and added some scallops to it .
5	I was never a big fan of sushi, I've given it several tries and I just did not get what my friends loved about it.  This really changed when my fiance took me to Sushi San on Thursday night.  We had the spicy sashimi salad with scallops and the California rolls with baked crab on top.  It was served with some delicious miso soup, edamame, and fresh pineapple for desert.  Oh my the scallops and sashimi on the salad were so fresh!  I couldn't get enough of it!  I went safe with the California rolls and they were very yummy and the baked crab on top was decadent but next time I'm going to try something more adventurous!  The service is great, the atmosphere is very comfortable with great lighting (lighting is very important), we took our time and enjoyed ourselves.  I can't wait to go back!
2	If it wasn't for the great service, I would have given no stars.  I visited this place with my wife and we were excited to have discovered a new sushi place so close to home.  The staff received us wonderfully, but that is as good as it got.  Even though we received complimentary fruit and a few pieces of sushi, the food was very disappointing.The sushi rice was under seasoned and the pieces of yellow tail and salmon that covered the rice were entirely to big for the tiny bit of rice.  The sushi rice was terribly underseasoned, very bland and needed more vinegar, sugar, and salt.  This ruined the sushi for me.My wife ordered the BBQ Ribs and let me say I have found more meat at a vegan buffet.  The ribs were fat and bone!  Where's the BEEF!We should have seen the Red Flag, the place was empty on a Friday night.  Before the food arrived my wife and I thought, "This is great, we have the whole place to ourselves, WE ARE SO LUCKY!"  Now I know why were were the only souls, except for one guy who wandered in for drinks and noodle soup.I can say I will not be a regular here.
5	I've seen many businesses come and go in this exact location, but I hope Sushi San stays!! I ordered the albacore tuna + scallions roll and the spicy octopus roll off of the happy hour menu, which is only $3.45 per item.  This place is definitely better than Ra, and they have an amazing selection of rolls.  They actually gave me 3 menus because they have so many different things!  The spicy yellowtail and tuna roll were also delicious.  The owner gave us a free dish of tempura, how nice of them! This is a great place to go if you don't like crowded places.  Kind of a hole-in-the-wall feeling, cozy, and comfortable.  There are 2 TVs and a projector, so you can watch different things at once.  I love the random decor- there's a disco ball, lights that change color outside, and a menu that changes colors too, all with an asian feeling.  This place is going to be my next go-to destination for sushi!
5	First time trying this restaurant and I will be going back!Prices:The prices for sushi rolls are anywhere between $3.45 - $13 I believe, which seems to be the price range for most Japanese restaurants nowadays. They have an ALL DAY happy hour sushi list for $3.45 and an all you can eat sushi for approx. $20/ person. Service:Their service was great! Each of us got a bowl of Miso soup, a complimentary bowl of edamame, and at the end of the meal we received a nice artisitc plate of fresh fruits. The waitress attentive and the food didn't take too long either.Taste:The fish was fresh and the sushi rolls were done nicely. No thick layer of rice and messy plating (for once I can taste the ingredients not just a huge lump of rice)....thank goodness!Overall, I would recommend this place to anyone, especially to those that enjoys a nice ambiance, delicious sushi, and great service.
5	So good!  Their fish is really  fresh and they have a lot of options for rolls.  The ASU roll is to die for, I think I will be dreaming of this roll for at least few weeks.  We also tried their spicy chicken dinner and was impressed, great flavor and not greasy like we've experienced in the pasted.  The service is awesome, very friendly and they gave us complimentary soup, salad, and gyozas. Can't wait to go back again! Until then ASU roll I'll see you in my dreams :)
5	This is a great sushi place! The service was awesome and the sushi was delicious! We ordered take out and they threw in two miso soups and an extra california roll. This our new sushi place for sure.
4	I went here for my birthday with my parents.  What a fun place.  The sushi is great, clean and the server was very attentive to our needs.  We got to sit where ever we wanted and was greeted with a smile. My dad and I ordered the all you can eat sushi, of which I ordered way too much of course. I wouldn't say the sushi is THE best sushi I've ever had, but I would go to this place over Kona or Ra in a heartbeat.  The prices are great and they don't really mind if you share a bit of your "all you can eat" with someone else at your table.  You can actually reserve your own set of chopsticks if you are a regular.  Happy hour prices are reasonable with a great selection of sake.  Only Sakana has my favorite though.  They gave me moochi for my birthday, which I love! They take your picture, let you write something on your photo and put it on their wall when you walk it.  Pretty cool and fun experience.  The only thing I didn't like was the Spurs winning game 5 that day.  On a side note, I accidently left my sunglasses there, didn't realize it for a couple days and they hung on to them until I was able to pick them up almost a week later.  That was a really spetacular thing they did.
3	It could have been a two, if it's not because of the great service. Tonight my hubby suddenly craved for Japanese food but our favorite one was closed, so we quickly picked one that I saved from Yelp to try. When we first got in, we were warmly greeted and seated by a very friendly lady (since others say it's a family-owned restaurant, so I guess she's the mom?). We looked through the menu and ordered sushi pieces (sea urchin, oysters, tuna, scallop, spicy scallop, white fish, albacore, tamago), tofu and a miso soup. But because they said sea urchin and oysters might not be very fresh at that moment, so we replaced them with toro, and she was so kind to offer two miso soups for us for free. So, we were very happy waiting for our sushi, while drinking the hot tea just served. Then I noticed something. The hot tea was salty. Just like those tea that were brewed with tap water instead of drinking water (I'm not a 100% sure if that's the cause but sometimes you could taste that kind of salty tea in some Chinese restaurants in the valley. I think we all know tea shouldn't be salty, right?)Okay. I thought it's just the tea (and I had to pay for that), but later I found that the miso soup was very salty too, and I just couldn't finish it (even my hubby, who always likes adding a few pinches of salt to almost every meal said it's salty)! The sushi came fairly quickly, and I couldn't wait to try my toro (discounted to $11)!! My hubby hasn't tried toro before, so he said it's okay, but for me, I think there're way too many tendons in the fish! Toro should be something that will MELT in your mouth (and with this price!) and the aroma should linger in your mouth (from my better experience)! They also added too much vinegar in the rice so the sourness of the rice covered the taste and aroma of the fish. I'm quite disappointed but I thought I'll wait until I tried out everything to judge. Others weren't particularly bad but I won't say they're very fresh (I liked the albacore sushi though).  As for the proportion of the fish and the rice (I know I'm super picky, sorry about that), I think I have to agree with Omar who reviewed before. The size of the fish is way too large compared to the rice. I remember the first time I read Omar's review, I laughed, "What? Isn't it a good thing to have a bigger piece of fish?" and "maybe he haven't tried other Japanese restaurants where they have large pieces of fish on top of the rice!"...but NOW I know. The fish was cut much larger and thicker than normal, and I just came to realize that it's not necessarily a good thing. Because the balance is lost. It's like placing a piece of sashimi on a tiny bit of rice, and you think you're eating sashimi instead of sushi. (I like sashimi too, but since I ordered sushi...)Om...and the spicy scallop sushi were super spicy (even my hubby  who can eat comparatively quite spicy food wouldn't want to take the second piece). Thank goodness they gave us some fruit in the end and my tongue felt better (well I can't eat very spicy things in the first place haha, my bad) :pI hate to criticize like almost everything about the food, since the lady was so very nice!!! I guess if you're not too pampered by fine, authentic sushi before, and you don't care about salty miso soup and stuff, then you might give it a try :)
4	I like this place!The sushi that I had was good - what made me enjoy it even more was that there was so much detail and care into making the rolls. Beautiful presentation! :)I also ordered the mochi for dessert --- it was so cute how they made it look like a fish! As you can tell by now, I love pretty looking food. And what's so great about this place is that they are able to make their food look gorgeous AND delicious!  Service here was also great :) Even though everyone commented on the extra food they give like the miso soup, fruit, and edamame, I couldn't help but feel so special every time our server brought those items to us. So charming!  Oh, and the fruit display was gorgeous as well :pI really want to give this place 5 stars, but I'm going to be a butt and say that I couldn't go up to five because the table where we were seated at was a bit dirty. So really, I wish I could mark it as 4 1/2 stars.But to their defense, I can be pretty picky and anal so ignore that part if you aren't so neurotic k? This place is great! I will be back :)
4	Great service, extremely friendly staff. Good food, very fresh :)
5	We love it so much we go there almost every weekend.  They are super friendly and the sushi is so good!  They always give us something for free, usually miso soup and watermelon, sometimes dumplings or an extra roll as well.
5	Awesome food and great wait staff. They are so attentive and the presentation of the rolls are so pretty. The fish is very fresh not dried out like some of the other places here in the valley.
5	Great selection of sushi rolls, sashimi, & other dishes! The customer service is excellent. Highly recommended!
5	Got the $20 all you can eat sushi and figured I would eat $25 with and be done. But since we were in a big group (5), the food was taking a bit long. So they served us some free edemame, then after we got our food the chef made us another 4 rolls. Then gave us watermelon for dessert. Needless to say, they had to roll us out of there. Sushi was excellent too.
5	If you're looking for great food, dining in an un-rushed and comfortable atmosphere and owners that truly care about your experience, it's hard to beat Sushi-San. Not only are the rolls marvelous and their sashimi divine, but they also have a host of appetizers and side dishes that will knock your socks off. Love this place.
5	This was the first sushi restaurant I have visited in years, and the very first one I've visited in Arizona.  The friend I went with said it was the best sushi restaurant in the east valley (some poll or other said so), thus we decided to take a stab at it.  And, to be honest, I mainly wanted to taste miso soup again (one of my favorite soups on the planet).We walked in and it looked like any typical asian restaurant.  To one side was a long bar, where you can sit and eat, or sit and drink saki or beer.  To the other side was a long row of booths.  We decided to booth it up.  We sat down and shrugged... seemed fine so far.  The decor looked a little cheap, but the more hole-in-the-wall a place is, the more likely I will like it.So, we both order a Japanese beer, take out the sushi list, and just go to town.  We order just about one of everything, including bowls of miso soup.  I was surprised that the sushi came out one at a time.  We'd dig into one, and once we were almost done and forming our opinions about it, another one would come out.  That was kinda fun.  Every kind we decided to get was exquisite, and reminded me of my favorite sushi joint in Minneapolis, Kikugawa (and believe you me - I've tried EVERY sushi restaurant in the Minneapolis/Saint Paul metro area).Not only was the sushi tasty but it was *beautiful*.  They must have really talented sushi chefs working for them, because it was wonderful.  This was also the first time I got "deep fried" sushi.  If you haven't tried it... DO IT!  We got a deep fried roll that had crab, avocado, cream cheese, cucumber, and rice... wow.  Mind blown (can you tell I really love certain things??).If I can find other friends who would like to go out to a sushi restaurant in the east valley, this restaurant will definitely be revisited by me!  (Plus, surprise, they gave us free dessert!  Yay watermelon!)
4	Good food for a good price.  Funny and nice server.  Favorites: Fresh fish, miso soup, Mountain roll, salmon skin bake
5	Still my favorite place to have Sushi!  Plus the owners are fantastic, and the food is top notch.   I always get the Spicy Sashimi Salad with Scallops.
4	Enjoyed the sushi and had great service. The boards behind the bar advertise their specials. They offer an all-you-can-eat menu, but I have found that I prefer ordering directly off the menu because not all the rolls I want are featured on the all-you-can-eat menu.  Frequent customers have a pair of personal chopsticks kept at the restaurant, but I have yet to figure out how to get one of those.
5	I love this place. It's really close to me house, so we go here a lot. It's usually quiet, which we love. When we bring our kids, the waitress is always extra sweet to the kids and gets them whatever they need to keep busy while the food is being made.The food itself, OH MY GOODNESS. The sushi is SO fresh. We also like one of those rotating sushi bar places, but the difference in the freshness of the sushi is night and day. The regular entrees are really good, too. I've had several of their items and we never have any left overs. Try it!
4	Awesome restaurant. Server treated us like celebrities, bringing little extras to impress us throughout the meal. The sushi is great--served at the right temperature and tastes very fresh. Miso soup could use a little more tofu, but it's still great. Side salad's not my favorite, but I just have a thing against iceberg, so not their fault. ;) Tonkatsu (pork cutlet) is pretty good, and their edamame is fresh and bright.
4	Normally I go to another Sushi place off of Gilbert but I saw this had such good reviews and I was nearby I thought I would try it out.  Overall I thought it was nice.  First off I will say that I wasn't that into the decor of the place.  It just didn't feel Japanese to me with the T shirts, TV, and Budweiser sign. Nonetheless the people who work here make up for that quickly with great service.  The menu was a little strange to read because it's not really a lunch menu, and it's a little hard to read.  I had read about the spicy sashimi salad on here so I asked about it and sure enough you could order it but it's not easy to find on the menu.  Anyway I ordered the Green tea which was really good and I highly recommend it.  It's very much like what you get in Japan.  The miso soup which is complementary is also really good even with the tiny amount of tofu, it just tasted very flavorful.  The salad itself was very good and filling and the sushi chef was nice to ask if I like scallops which I do and so he included that in the dish.  What was unique about the salad was the fish are coated in a spicy sauce that has no mayo in it (thanks) and it's quite spicy (thanks).  There wasn't a lot of greens but that was made up with a lot of fish on top.  It was probably the largest amount of fish I've had ever had on a sushi salad.  Some of the fish was better than others but it all tasted good.  One minor complaint was the fish was quite cold like it had been refrigerated and I thought the fish would have tasted better more room temp. I also got rice and I thought it was a little dry for my taste, but otherwise a great place to try and very reasonably priced for the quality here. Note this place sits in a kind of lonely shopping center with many vacancies so typical of AZ so no problem with the parking or getting a seat if you just show up:)
5	I went to this restaurant with my wife and had an extremely positive experience. The sushi rolls were delicious and the service was great. We sat at the bar and were given several free appetizers - a nice perk! I will definitely return to Sushi San the next time I visit the Phoenix area.
5	My favorite place to get Sushi! You can't beat the quality of the food here or the ambiance. The service is intimate and polite. We have been in a few times and received free sushi! I have had two family birthday parties here. The Saba is the freshest I've had in the desert. They have a really good selection for the all you can eat menu. I was challenged however to get back our $20.00 per person cost as the price per roll/ nigiri is so good.
5	SSSSSSSSSSSSSSsssssushi San is so Yummy! if your in the area check it out, you'll be glad you did!
5	Gotta love the good food here. After our second visit we've decided to become regulars!  Friendly smiling staff and competitive pricing make it a pleasure to do business here. Love the dragon roll but I'm equally anxious to try some of the other more unusual items.  Enjoyed the presentation as well.
5	I have been here twice already and each time the service and the food have been great! The staff is always very friendly and helpful, and the restaurant is very clean. Many, many, many menu options. Beautiful presentation of the sushi and they bring you fresh cut fruit for desert. They offer all you can eat sushi for $20 per person, and if you join the chopstick club you will receive 10% off on all your future visits. I will definitely be making this my regular sushi spot!
5	Great sushi! It's all about the "service". Don't be in a hurry, kickback have some drinks and enjoy yourselves!
4	Found this place because its close to work. I wish I can go here for lunch on a daily basis but my budget wont allow it! Sushi is always fresh and the staff is very friendly. I've had their all you can eat sushi($20) for dinner and managed to eat 3 rolls. Great deal if you ask me because each roll can be around $9-14. They have tons of rolls you can choose from. Also the complimentary fruit is a nice touch and makes you feel special. You will be glad you visited.
5	I noticed the other night that I gave this restaurant a 4 star rating, but really Sushi San deserves 5 stars.They treat you like family every time from the first time.  I became a regular from the start.  I bought chopsticks on my second visit there because I knew I would be coming back for more.  And I returned just about every week after that.  And I've taken friends and roommates.This is a family owned restaurant and the server is really funny and gives me free items once in a while.  I'm not saying to expect free items and I don't want to advertise that, but maybe that will be a perk for you.  It is for me!Other than the great service and lovely family that owns the restaurant, the sushi is delicious!  The special rolls are really good.  I always end up eating more than I should because it's so good.Favorites:Just about all the special rollsMountain rollSpicy tuna hand rollMiso soupEdamame
5	This place is ridiculously delicious, fresh, and fantastic! Everything is fresh, they have real wasabi and both classic sushi and inventive rolls. I love it because it is family owned and predominately ran by the husband and wife duo. The husband is an infinitely talented sushi chef and takes pride in his work. The customer service is off the chain wonderful. I could not think of one con to this place and my experience, only pros and a million and a half reasons to go back over and over again! YUMMY!!!
2	Good not great. I choose the all you can eat.  Great deal but when you go that route they make the pieces very large with a ton of  rice to fill you up.  Big Thick slices of fish , and rice overstuffed hand rolls are not the makings of tasty sushi. Also, I felt like I was being watched over like a hawk and anytime I ordered more sushi I felt like they were upset.  Wow you eat more? was one comment I heard them say to me.  I'm a big guy (6'4 ") and can eat my fair share but I assure you I didn't eat that much that  they should have been giving me the evil eye. Overall if you want cheap prices and average quality this place fits the bill.  If you can afford to pay for quality go elsewhere.
3	Since Sakana has me sushi smitten I decided to give this place a try. I went here for lunch on Saturday and I was the only customer there the entire time. Thank God there was a TV I would've been annoyed if I had to make small talk the entire time. The waitress and the Sushi chef were very friendly and accommodating- I actually got way more food than I could've imagined. I ordered the Mountain Roll for $13.75 and a Side Salad for $2.75. The waitress also gave me miso soup, watermelon and edamame- Needless to say I was stuffed! The Mountain Roll couldn't not satisfy my sushi craving (it was basically a California roll topped with tuna and salmon dressed in some spicy sauce). I'm not a big fan of California rolls anyways but this was definitely on par with a grocery store so I'm glad it was topped! The sauce made it a little hard to differentiate between the Tuna and the Salmon. I will give this place another try because they are friendly and cheap but I'm not going to get the Mountain Roll again.
4	Easily the best little Japanese restaurant I've found so far in Gilbert. The food is great and the service is excellent, sure the owners are actually Korean, but that doesn't mean they don't know how to make some mean rolls. The fried rice is delicious, the specialty rolls are unique and very yummy and they always give you goodies like orange or watermelon with the bill.Oh and the framed phrases in the bathroom are awesome.
1	For some reason most of the sushi places in gilbert close for a couple hours in the afternoon, not sure why. Since we didn't know about this quirk of Gilberts we tried two places before ending up here. I even double checked their archaic website to make sure they were open. They haven't bothered to update their hours though so they were closed when we arrived but opened 15minutes later, so we decided to stick around. We were given drinks and menus by the kid who sat us and then we didn't see a waitress for at least 15 minutes. We decided to go with the all you can eat option even though it only has rolls (no appetizers/desserts) and doesn't include their "specialty rolls."  We ordered a rainbow roll, a salmon roll, a shrimp tempura roll and a las vegas roll. It was another 20 minutes before we got our food (we almost left, clearly we should have), meanwhile a couple that had come in a few minutes after us had gotten all their food was getting ready to leave. Both the raw rolls were WARM, and frankly disgusting! We couldn't finish either of them. The fried rolls were decent, the tempura shrimp was overcooked. After they'd given us our rolls another waitress pops up and asks if we were given our miso, which we hadn't been, of course. So we got that partway through our meal. Then the waitress just disappears again and there's no one around that we can flag down for refills.  Their Soy sauce is nasty, it's strangely sweet and very watery, we're actually curious if they didn't accidentally put in some other sauce. We've never tasted any soy sauce that's remotely similar to that. When our dour faced waitress finally showed up again we explained how the raw rolls were gross and asked if we could instead be charged for the rolls separately instead of the all you can eat (saying we'd pay for the bad rolls as well), since after that crap we really weren't in the mood for more sushi and hadn't ordered nearly $40 worth of food. She very rudely refused to do that, and told us we'd have to pay for the rolls we didn't eat regardless of whether we liked them or not. We also asked for refills (our first in the hour+ we'd been stuck there) and she actually had the nerve to say "half glass?" Total cheapskates.In my annoyance as she was walking away I said "1 star" quite a bit more loudly than I had intended. Which she obviously heard because she came back (smiling for the first time) and said since we were new customers they wouldn't charge us for the uneaten rolls. She then proceeded to rave about the watermelon slices, like those alone could give them a good review. They were, however, delicious and because my hubby's allergic I got to eat all 6 slices! lol I really can't give them credit for good watermelon though.We definitely won't be going back.
5	Well here is impressions with this Restaurant. We simply loved it. We went there with a total of about 20 people and they seated us right away. Everyone ordered and the food was amazing. They went above and beyond to ensure that everything was perfect. It wasn't until after our meal we advised them it was my birthday, they politely asked for proof, and is their policy to give out a free "specialty roll" to the one celebrating. in addition to that they took pictures for us and proved copies on the spot, one to keep and 1 to sign to hang on their wall (in their waiting area). This is not something I have not seen anyone do (without it being requested by the customer). We  will be returning, easily  the best sushi spot i have been to.
4	It's more of a 4.5 stars I would say.  The service in itself is spectacular.  The waitress was very pleasant and would joke around with you.  I'm not sure how common it is here, but they gave a LOT of freebies during the meal.  In all, they gave an extra roll, deep fried veges, miso soup, edamamae, and watermelon to finish things off.  I was stuffed by the end of the meal!  Didn't see that coming!  Of course, don't come to this place expecting so many freebies.  Treat them as special bonuses during your meal.The sushi itself was above average I would say.  The rolls were stuffed with so many ingredients that I couldn't really enjoy the taste of the fish, but that was my fault for choosing them.  They were tasty for sure though.  The place had a very fishy smell to it when I entered which is very uncharacteristic of a high quality sushi place.
3	Tried this for the first time this past weekend. My boyfriend and I did the all you can eat but were disappointed that it didn't include the sashimi but none the less we stuffed our faces till we were sick. Definitely good quality rollls and we just told the chef to have some fun and he definitely made some awesome rolls. Will definitely return to try some other things on the menu as well.
1	This restaurant was quite an (awful) experience. First of all, we experienced pretty much EVERY problem that other people have written about among various Yelp reviews. For instance, terrible service. No one greeted us when we came in, we had to awkwardly ask the sushi chefs behind the bar if we could seat ourselves. It took a while before either of the two waitresses took turns aimlessly and half-heartedly wandering around the restaurant came to bring us menus. Next, the temperatures of the raw fish that we ordered were quite variable. Some pieces were extremely cold, nearly frozen, and others were warmer than room temperature (eek!). When we asked our waitress why some fish was so cold and others warm, she said "The fish is cold because it is fresh, don't you want fresh fish?" I had no idea that frozen fish was the freshest... but apparently that's the case here. This also made us wonder what must have be up with the warm fish, because if she thought that cold meant fresh... Based on previous reviews and the menu posted on their website ($1 nigiri, lots of rolls, etc.), we specifically requested the "happy hour" menu, since happy hour is all day on Saturdays! Not so exciting once you actually get the happy hour menu, though, which does NOT match the happy hour menu posted online. The actual happy hour menu had about 6 options for rolls (salmon, tuna, octapus, etc.) only, all just under $4. So, not only do you have to request the happy hour menu (which seemed to be intentionally kept secret), but the prices and selection was weak at best. And maybe it's just me, but I was very unimpressed with the "Apple or Orange juice" listed on the specials menu at the sushi bar. I mean, seriously? Although we did get some "freebies" (miso soup, small bowl of edamame), these tend to be free at most Japanese restaurants and did not make up for all the other issues WHATSOEVER! This is one of those special sushi restaurants that makes you spend your drive home wondering if/when food poisoning may struck and also makes you hesitate to EVER take another chance on a new sushi restaurant again.
5	Fantastic. My wife and I went on a Friday night. I knew right away when everyone coming in was a regular, that we were in for a treat. This place is right by our house in a non descript shipping center, that we've driven by hundreds of times. We found it on yelp tonight and saw the positive reviews. They deserve it. I could tell the owners were Korean, because they spoke it. I believe it's a family restaurant and they are very aware that positive reviews are return customers are driving their business. For a Friday night it wasn't really too busy, when we arrive we were seated right away and had the option of seating. At the risk of writing a positive review and their business improving so much that next time we have to wait. They deserve it.Beyond the basics they have an Extensive roll menu, some you've heard of and some house rolls.Food was fantastic. Rice seasons well and didn't fall apart. Fish is FRESH!  Fish to rice ratio was perfect. We too, will soon be those regulars ;)That's it. Try it or don't, just my opinion ;)
4	Yum! Went there today for the first time for lunch.  We ordered a few different rolls and some seaweed salad and everything was soooo good. The all you can eat deal is a really good deal, will be back for dinner soon!
5	Great service, fresh seafood. Solid prices. Solid portions.
5	I don't eat sashimi so I can't comment on their fish quality, but I do like cooked rolls and luckily Sushi San has a wide selection.  All the rolls I've tried are delicious and you probably can't go wrong with anything on the menu.What stands out the most to me about this restaurant is their amazing customer service.  I usually order to go and sometimes find "extras" in my bag, such as miso soup, edamame, or even an entire extra roll!  The staff is super friendly and it's rare these days to find a restaurant with such a stellar level of customer service.
1	Sushi San is the first sushi restaurant we've been to since moving out here from Connecticut and we were interested to see how it's done in a landlocked state. We decided to do the all you can eat option and the waitress informed us how it worked: you can't take home leftovers, it only encompassed certain rolls, good up to seven rolls each and we were good with all of that. The sushi wasn't anything to write home about but when the waitress asked us if we were finished and we said yes she kind of groaned at the sight of a few extra pieces of sushi left and then advised us that they charge $1 per piece that's left but she would give us a deal and only charge $5. What??? We had less than a roll left, rolls that are larger than I've ever seen except they're packed rather heavy on rice and short on fish. Some had about a fingernail's worth of actual non-rice mixture in it.  We didn't keep ordering food; we placed one order of six rolls and couldn't finish what we ordered. And we had to pay extra for not cleaning our plates.  Except the price per person encompassed seven rolls automatically (hence the limit) so despite the fact that the price included a charge for seven rolls per person and we only ordered 6 between the two of us and ate just over five we were still charged a penalty fee for not finishing our food.  I get it: waste not, want not but it usually helps to tell people UP FRONT that they charge extra for waste, not at the end when they're backed into the corner.  I should have smuggled the sushi to the bathroom in my purse and flushed it just based on principle.  I've never been charged arbitrary fees at a restaurant before.On top of that the bill came and the all you can eat charge was $47.90 before taxes. So I asked about it and was told it's $2 or $3 more on the weekend. WHAT???  The signs they have out front all read $19.99 and the all you can eat option isn't priced on the menu, not to mention it's a vague amount more on the weekends, price to be charged at will.  There was absolutely no caveat mentioned for weekend pricing. What kind of restaurant has hidden fees?  So what we expected to be a $50 lunch turned into nearly $70 because my dumb self left only a 10% tip (I usually leave 20%) because the waitress was nice and attentive otherwise. On top of all of that we arrived home and I was immediately sick. What an awful, awful first Arizona sushi experience. Underhanded business practices, hidden fees and sushi that gets me sick? Never again at this place. Just an FYI I had the Murphy Roll, Apache Roll and Phoenix Roll. You've been warned.
3	This place has AYCE, it has happy hour, it has a free birthday special!! Awesome right? They have it advertised on a little sidewalk sign! Great!Lets go in and see what these specials are all about :)Place was empty, no joke there was one other table the whole time we were there, granted it was a monday night, but still, that is not good sign, still they have specials!!! So we stayed, We received a menu and the standard piece of paper to check what you want.So I wondered where the AYCE menu was, or the happy hour info was, something that resembled the specials listed on the board! It wasn't my bday, so didn't look at that.There were some "instructions" on a board behind the sushi bar about the bday thing, bring a guest and make a reservation... too complicated to try and figure out. Since I was hungry, I just ordered some nigiri sushi and one roll that was $12 called the crazy horse. This totaled to about 26 dlls... and I questioned my decision to eat here. Yes, I am being cheap, but I know a guy named Pancho not too far from here that has better sushi... and better prices and better music but with crappier service if you don't sit at the bar. Crazy Horse roll, you may have gone on the biggest looser challenge and won, because you looked a lot smaller than the picture on the menu and boy did you have a lot less types of fish inside of you. You did taste good, but I think you need an updated picture.Service was friendly, but not fast. They gave us complimentary tempura veggies, which was a nice touch.  My son had their chicken fried rice, because he is a teenager, and well, you know, he is negative nancy lately. He didn't care for this dish, and even though he's a teenager, I can't blame him, it was gross.Will I come back? Only if someone else is paying.
4	I loved it. Went on a Thursday night, alone, there were several other tables and a few people at the bar. Service was prompt, food was good, I did the AYCE menu. It had a good variety. Pleased with the presentation. I'll go back again, and again and again!
3	This restaurant look small from outside but inside was pretty spacious. We tried some nigiri sushi, sashimi, rolls and fresh oysters. All the fish we ate were pretty fresh but Chef's knife skill wasn't up to par. He butchered the fish for our nigiri sushi. They were all different sizes,  thickness and shape. Taste was fine but did not look appetizing. Like any other typical sushi places in the Valley they specialize in rolls. Mountain roll we had was pretty good and very spicy the way I like it. Best of the evening was fresh oysters. They were fresh and tasty. We'll be back for the fresh oysters for sure.
5	Went here for Mother's day.  The sushi rolls were excellent.  I will definitely return!
5	Since moving to Arizona, I have not found a Sushi place that compares to Sushi San. I absolutely love their service. I talk this place up like you will crap gold nuggets after eating! You will have to eat there to see if it is true :)Sushi is fresh,  the service is beyond spectacular and friendly. If I do not eat here at least once a month, I crave it. Sushi San is the best place to eat!
3	Went here for lunch the other day.  We were the ONLY people in the place at a normally rush our lunch time.  That made me a bit concerned.  It didnt seem like their air was really working luckily they had fans and it was cool inside still.  I also heard a DOG in the back by kitchen which was a bit concerning.  We almost left but decided to give it a try.  The ASU roll is what I ordered and it was pretty tasty.  Not sure if I will be back.
5	We came kinda late on a Sunday, this place is really great and the sushi was very fresh and so tasty! we were very happy with the service. From the miso soup to all the little things that were no charge. We were extremely happy. New favorite place to go!
3	Sushiiiiiii!!!! =)So I've been to this Sushi place maybe twice now. Came here yesterday because my friend was craving Sushi. Both times I've been there it's been a pretty quiet night. Not really busy at all.I thought the service was really slow, especially since we were the only ones there. Plus the Sushi was also a bit pricey for my taste. Especially since it wasn't the best Sushi I've ever had. We spent almost $70 for the 5-6 rolls that we got! I got the Philly roll which was good as well as the Baked Scallop California roll. I loveeeee baked scallop so I had to try it out. I thought the rolls were a bit over priced for mediocre Sushi. Although, they do have a happy hour menu. We didn't really see anything that caught our attention though. BUT they do have specials on beer and Sake if that floats your boat. =) Also, they have all you can eat Sushi for $19.95. On a brighter note, we got pot stickers and watermelon on the house since it took a while for us to get our order of Sushi. Another plus was that it was down the street from my house. Which is always good in my book. =)
4	This Place is good. Will I come back, sure. Often? Probably not. I have a loyalty to Taiko. Sorry.  The service and food were good here but its a little pricey.  I love when places have a good deal.  I will give them another shot one of these days when I'm down for some all you can eat. As much as I would love to try their signature dishes I feel like I would burn through my wallet real fast.Their deep fried rolls had something off about the taste not sure if it was the batter or what but it tasted different and not in a good way, but nothing I couldn't handle. Just off.
4	They have one of the best Vegas rolls I have ever had! Other rolls are pretty good! Long live Sushi San
5	this is my favorite place for sushi.. 20 bucks all you can eat sushi.. well worth the price..  the staff is very friendly..
5	Hubby and I went for a late night sushi dinner, found Sushi San, this by far was one of the BEST places we have been for sushi. We went in at 930pm, they close at 10. We felt a little bad for going in late and making our small mess but these people where the coolest people ever! Made us feel welcome, gave us free salad and soup, beautiful plates, time put into every piece that came to our table. and to top off our dinner, we got a small plate of fresh cantaloupe. We will be back for sure!!! AMAZING PLACE!!
5	Best Phoenix roll anywhere in AZ
5	Absolutely love this place??? Great service- very friendly and great food! Yummy!!!
4	Very good stuff! Love the Arizona Roll and a triple order of Mesa rolls.  All you can eat Sushi $20.  A very good secret find close to home. Super friendly family.
1	rude, slow, and sushi is high priced for the quality given. spent 122.00 for 11 rolls
3	Pretty average sushi.  If I had to pick a favorite, it would be the mesa roll.  Friendly and fast service...I think it might be family-owned and operated.  I wasn't blown out of the water, but the food is decent and ill probably be back!
4	Quality and portion size were great best sushi I've had in the valley, sushi chef knows what he's doing. Not very expensive either.
2	Let me start by saying that a part of me wishes I did not come her for the All You Can Eat, because my score might have been a lot better.  However, AYCE is what I will rate this place on, and our experience was a dishonest disaster.  In a nutshell, an AYCE it is not.  Once we sat down and ordered it for $20 per person, we were informed that the AYCE is limited to 5! orders of nigiri per person and the rest can only be rolls.  Bad.  Next we were told that AYCE only included "things in bold boxes".  The selection was laughable - the only nigiri that counted was salmon, tuna, whitefish, crab, and smelt roe. Roll selection was slightly better.  Seriously?  We were informed for about 5 minutes about the "rules" they had - leave 1 piece of roll, pay $1, leave a kitchen item, pay 1/2 price, leave a nigiri rice, pay full price.  These "rules" are also all over the bar area.   By the time the fish was brought out, I was pretty annoyed.  It didn't help that the nigiri had the biggest pieces of rice and the smallest pieces of fish I had ever seen.  When I commented to the waitress that the AYCN was actually not AYCN, I got a lecture that their fish is so good that they have to limit it.  Funny.  I got the impression that the owners were extremely cheap and someone told them to do AYCE for marketing but they really, really, really don't want you to get it and if you do, they treat you like you are trying to steal from them.  A real pity, since the fish quality was quite good and they had some rare specials on the menu like abalone, blue fin, and monk fish liver.  So 1 star for tasty fish, 1 star for everything else.  If you are looking for AYCN for now, look elsewhere like Orient Sushi or Takamatsu within a 1-2 mile radius.  Hopefully the owners read some of these reviews of AYCE and change their ways or even get rid of the fake AYCE altogether.
2	Good sushi but the "all you can eat" option has draconian rules. If there's a single piece left on your plate it costs a dollar extra(1 for maki, 2 for sushi). They'll actually watch over you like a hawk to see you eat it. Their menu is confusing to where it can cost you far too much for what you get if you're not careful.
3	The sushi I ordered was warm. I prefer raw fish to be at least cool which then had me paranoid I was going to get sick from eating it. The service was prompt. There was a young child running around behind the sushi bar (maybe the owners child) which can't be sanitary. The place smelled gross (my husband wanted to leave immediately because of the smell but I wanted to try it out) so that messed with my appetite. Free potstickers for an appetizer and oranges at the end was a nice treat and the prices are decent.
3	This place happens to be right around the corner from my house, so I went for the first time last week. I'll probably be back to give it one more chance because my first experience wasn't anything great. Went on a Friday night just after 6pm, wasn't too busy. Service was pretty fast, and friendly. We ordered two rolls and some fresh sushi, the fresh sushi was pretty good, nothing great, but the rolls were not that great. 75% of the rolls were just rice. They skimped on the toppings and the fillings for sure.
5	Always great customer service, always fresh sashimi .... Love this family own restaurant..
5	Our family loves Sushi San. It is a very nice  room with table, booth, and sushi bar seating. Nice woodwork typical of a sushi bar. The food portions are very generous and they like to provide freebies that they call "service". Pricing is very reasonable, you pay for the sushi not some guchi atmosphere. The owners Jane and Chef Eric are super friendly. This is just great conventional sushi! They also have a nice menu of cooked items too like chicken teriyaki. I highly recommend it. Our family eats there 2-3 times a week sometimes.
4	Really good sushi... Super yummy! My kid even ate some tofu (shh.. Don't tell him). The staff is very polite.  We ordered the caterpillar roll, Mesa roll, and the power roll. The power roll was my fave followed closely by the Mesa roll. The caterpillar roll was okay.  Miso soup was very good as well.
5	Omg!!!! Nicest server ever, Jun!   Great sushi. The December roll was our favorite so far...and we will be back.  The atmosphere was perfect for what we wanted tonight. Drink specials were awesome.....
2	If five pieces is all you can eat for 19.95 then you are good. However with a limited selection for all you can eat and a smaller section of rolls this is not what is advertised. $1 charge for left over pieces too. Must be a tough market.
4	I really liked this place.  The service is pleasant and the food is good.  We were not charged for the miso soup we ordered and were brought free edamame and then fruit for dessert.  The rolls (including the happy hour ones) are reasonably priced and yummy.  I also really enjoyed the vegetable tempura.  If I was very hungry one night I would like to try the all you can eat sushi.
4	Holy Crap portion! Lol so if your a portion sushi eater, u been to authentic japanese place left angry and hungry, this place is more suited for u!  Chinese owned so I wouldn't say authentic japanese dishes but sushi is good sashimi special for 16$ it's a bag for the bucks! Wow portion ! Quality is okay actually , due to them being all u can eat menu I think turn around for fish is good.Japanese warm dish is so so but omg their Chinese dish! So yummy ! And even the japanese dish like kAtsu portion is just unbelievable !  You won't leave here hungry ppl!  3 star japanese but 4 star for portion and chinese menu
5	Enjoy the sushi. My wife eats just sushi, & I like to get one of the kitchen items as well.
4	Really good Sushi!  I went for lunch, and was happy that it was a very chill vibe in the place.  They have a very long sushi bar, and plenty of booths and tables.  It was a lot bigger than I expected.The menu had a lot of variety.  I liked that they had tamago.  I had that with smoked salmon nigiri, and a spicy yellowtail roll.  Probably one of the best spicy yellowtail rolls I've had.  The tamago was a tad dry, and I think I prefer Sushiya's, but I'm always happy to see it on a menu.The waiter also brought out some miso soup and a salad for me while I waited.  The salad could have used some kind of dressing.  Maybe they forgot, but either way it was a nice thought.I will definitely go back!
4	I showed up when Sushi San opened lunch. I made the mistake of ordering 2 sushi rolls. I was not aware of all the other food. They bring out first miso soup that very good. Then a salad, could have used some fresher lettuces. It was browning on the edges. Good dressing. Then rolls came out they were a little large than expected both very good (Crunchy and Tiger Roll). Lastly two small slices of watermelon. Needless to say I was starting on the path to a food coma...lol. I am definitely going back.
5	What a great place! Great service even better food!Been to all the big name sushi places and this one is up there.Will definitely come back!
4	It's definitely hole in the wall restaurant. I live nearby so I've seen the sign a few times. My fav was definitely the mountain roll. I love that they serve us watermelon after dinner...it's like cleaning our paletes. We didn't go during happy hour so it was a little pricey. The service was great. Would definitely come back again.
4	I've been a regular for a year now. The quality of the fish is great. If you are looking for all you can eat and you are a nigiri sushi lover, this isn't the place to go. The reason being is that there are rules to ordering the sushi. There is a limit to how much sushi you can order. However, sushi sans quality and customer service is superb. This is a family owned company that has amazing food. If you love sushi rolls that are baked and everything else in between, CHECK THEM OUT! I recommend it!
5	Food= 100% Service =100% my favorite spot whenever I am craving Sushi or Sake, Eric is amazing at rolling sushi, the quality of the food is perfect and the quantity is very generous for its price. They take care of you as if you have been family for years and the fruits at the end of each meal is a great compliment to the great meal served.
3	Not a great selection on the AYCE menu and portions are pretty small. Very good sushi tho. But if you're looking for a true AYCE this is not it. But if you want good sushi. This place is great.
