5	Not your typical florist shop, this store is huge! They have a huge selection of fresh flowers, fake flowers, and decorations and gifts. If you have the money this is a great place to get a bouquet that is a knock out, and not something you could have picked up at a grocery store.
2	I had called the 800 number from the web site last Wednesday to place an order for a fairly expensive bouquet of exotic flowers for my wife for our anniversary.  To make sure I fully surprised her, I set up the bouquet for delivery for this past Sunday, so I wouldn't have to "run out for a second" to pick it up.  I live in a gated complex and gave them all the information they needed to enter the complex and find my unit.On Saturday, I called back to make sure they had all of the proper information and to call my cell phone if there were any problems with delivery.  I even additionally requested that the delivery occur with what they term the "second batch" of deliveries that are supposed to go out at 2PM to make sure we were around, as we were going to get brunch that morning.Sunday came and went, no flowers.I called back this morning (Monday) and they explained that they attempted delivery but couldn't get through the gate.  I know for a fact they never attempted delivery because I never received the phone call from the front gate.  They added another whopper when they claimed to have called me and left a message when they couldn't get in.  My cell phone hadn't rang all day.They get another star for cancelling my order without a hassle.My wife will be getting a Tiffany necklace instead which was only a little more expensive (have to make up for being a day late) but will hopefully last much longer.
1	Had a delivery 1st wk/Sept - told them we had dogs in the BACkyard & not to worry BUT delivery van stopped at our open entrance gate & did not come in.  Thankfully, we were putting our the trash & caught him.  2 wks later, another delivery came when i was out.  They left notice on a side entrance bdrm door!  NOT the front door (very easy to find!) and said they rang doorbell - if that was the case, WHY didn't they leave note there?  When we called, owner was defensive, rude, and didn't want to listen to us, indicated we had dogs - when we ordered we said do NOT mind the dogs (behind 6' wall!!).  Arrogant, stuck-up florist.  Who do they think they are???
3	Cactus Flower earned one more star from me.  The week before our move back across the country from Phoenix to Boston, with practically all of our stuff already on a truck somewhere in the middle of the country, our apartment looked like a total crack den.  An old crt tv and air mattress on the floor, a folding chair, and a bag of dog food.To make matters worse, I was on business travel, so my wife was home alone with the dog in this empty depressing apartment.  So I gave Cactus Flower another shot to cheer her up and add a little life to the place before we finally vacated.  After all, they are local, and they do have what appears to be an amazing selection of exotic flowers on their website.This time they did deliver the arrangement, but not until 5PM on the delivery date.  I actually called them at 4PM when it hadn't been delivered, expecting to have to cancel yet another order, but they assured me it was out for delivery and would be there soon.And the arrangement really was amazing.  Not cheap, that's for sure...
4	I recently had flowers delivered to my grandmother for her birthday. I thought that they had a great value. I felt like I got what I paid for. The arrangement was beautiful and very fresh. They lasted almost two weeks. I was very pleased with my experience and would use them again. They are are a family owned and run business which i think is great. I always like to support local businesses.
4	The staff is always heplful and friendly. Their designs are really fun and creative!
