4	The bad news is that I have had to come here three times in the last six months or so!  The good news is that I have been well taken care of each time.  Had to replace a tire once and returned twice for separate tire repairs. Each time I was out of there in about an hour and did not get the hard sales pitch on additional products and services.Usually go to a much closer Firestone for maintenance, but this might be my new go to place for regular service.
5	I trust Michael and Jason with my vehicles and so does the rest of my family. They are straight shooters who will give you advice for you to make the right decision.
5	Today, my nine month old daughter and I drove to Phoenix for a baby shower. On our way there we got rear ended. While there was no visible damage, my car refused to start again. AAA towed us to Advanced Auto, and it was the best decision of the day. They were kind, courteous and seemed genuinely concerned with my plight. They ran all sorts of tests and couldn't figure out what was wrong with my car (which started once they got it off the tow truck). However, they wouldn't let us leave until they had made sure that we would make it back to Tucson. They were amazing and we made it home without a worry.  I would highly recommend them to anyone.
5	I found a coupon and headed in. There was easy access from greenway and a clean parking lot. The guys at the front desk were friendly and didn't try to do a hard upsell. The tv in the waiting room was set to a very family friendly channel so I didn't have to be awkward with my young soon accompanying me. I would definitely come again. They got the job done in about 30 minutes and did a great job.
5	Trustworthy, Thorough, Quality WorkI've been taking my car to Advanced Auto for over 10 years, and they've always treated me right. Two weeks ago when I walked in and told Mike I'd made a last minute decision to drive my 1999 Jeep across the desert to San Diego later that day, he asked, "How can I support you with that?" What a perfect response!  They fit me in to their morning schedule to change the oil, check tires, belts, hoses and water levels, told me that I was good to go, and gave me a heads up on what I'd need to attend to in the next 6 months or so to keep my car running.  Great, great guys and great service!!
5	The manager, Jason, is amazing. Recently, I brought my old 1973 Corvette in for some needed repair. A specialty shop had just quoted me $1500.00. Jason quoted me $700.00. He got it repaired in 48 hours and presented me with a bill for $660.00. He under-promised and over-delivered. How rare is that??This is just one of numerous great experiences I have had with my vehicles at this shop. 5 stars. Thank you, Jason.
1	They charge 20% more for the same tires and even their warranties if you buy directly from the store. Go online and you'll save a couple HUNDRED dollars. Literally, it was about $25/extra per tire and $5/extra per warranty.Also, they didn't bother to clean the inside of the wheels before sealing on the new tires. We had to constantly pump up the tire until we had time to take it back to the shop to be fixed. Which is when they admitted (and never even apologized) that it was their fault. It also took 3 hours for them to fix it...Lastly, for all you clueless shoppers, they WILL put on the warranties without ASKING, DESCRIBING, or even MENTIONING it to you. I went to pay the bill and sign the paper, then looked at them and asked, "when were you going to tell me about this extra $100 for warranties????"They had no answer, and just looked at me knowing I just caught them red handed. THAT'S when they decided to tell me about the warranty. Really? So, you charge someone for something, take their money, and THEN try to convince them it's a good deal??The guys seemed nice, but I'm also a DIY mechanic and originally went to school to become a mechanic. I know how the business works and all the scams they run to charge people money. This franchise is no different than all the other franchise stores... RUN from the place unless you don't care about your money. Which, in that case... please message me, I have some Nigerian investments for you.
