3	It's quaint and cares about how it arranges its wares because it's selling groceries to the mansion-dwellers of Pittsburgh instead of the apartment-junkies who go to Giant Eagle. You can find specialty gourmet items though. Meyer lemons, champagne grapes, white truffle oils, aged balsamic vinegars and the such. They also have a nice selection of cheese which I like to go in and oggle from time to time. Anyway, go check it out if you want a nice cheese for a dinner party or some fancy food gift for someone. The aisles are too narrow to be truly wheelchair accessible. You may be able to get through if you're chair is particularly narrow.
3	this is a cute little place to stop in if you need something special. they have a great selection of gourmet groceries as well as a butcher with some choice meats to take home. i usually stop in for lunch because they serve boar's head meat which i happen to adore. the bread is yummy and the tuna salad they have is pretty good too... overall i like this place. this would be a faster in and out place if you were picking something up for a hostess, better than trying to go to whole foods and that parking lot. pick up some crackers cheese fruit and you got yourself a hit.
4	As far as deli's go, this one is great. They have a large selection of gourmet foods (meats, cheeses, and everything in between) and the staff is very friendly.I've gone here a few times now and my most recent culinary delight was the Cutlet Sandwich (see photo). Add a bit of salt and this is one tasty treat.My only complaint is that the hours are a bit lacking. Open till 6pm? What's a deli lover to do when he's running late from work? I understand that their clientele (little old ladies as best as I can tell from every visit thus far) doesn't stay up past 4pm, but given that Shadyside is a pretty young neighborhood, a later close would be much appreciated.
4	I've had good sandwiches here and would go back again for lunch. I remember being a bit dismayed at the wasteful packaging the sandwich came in -- a huge Styrofoam container -- but other than that would recommend it.
2	I used to eat at Shadyside Market all the time when I worked on Walnut. Their sandwiches were always pricey, but were HUGE, so it was worth it. This is not the case any longer. The prices went up a while back and the sandwiches have shrunk. I used to be able to get 2 meals out of the "Shadyside Bruschetta", but I recently housed one with no trouble.The quality of the ingredients were also below their past standards. Sadly, I will not be spending $9 on their sandwiches any longer.I will give them 2 stars because the market has some nice items not available anywhere else on the block.
5	Hands down, the best deli sandwich in all of Pittsburgh. Whatever you get, get it on the white bread. It's Mancini's so of course it's delicious. Fresh ingredients carved right in front of you. Although one of the reviews says that the sandwiches have gotten smaller, we always leave feeling stuffed and satisfied but always wishing we had room (and money) to order another one. It is pricey, but it's so worth it. The side of pasta/fruit/potato salad could be a little bigger... we usually end up ordering a separate container of one of their other pasta salads in addition to our sandwiches. The market is okay but is pretty small and probably pricey as well (we never got groceries here). Go to the Strip District if you want to get fresh meats, cheeses, produce, or any other type of non-commercial  grocery item at a steal. (The samples in the strip are a definite perk too!)
5	Awesome beautiful deli!! Just bring some money since their food is a little pricey. The atmosphere is quaint also.
4	Their deli sandwiches are great.  Service is very friendly: the deli workers seem determined to convert you to the Cult of Cured Meat and won't take no for an answer; the lady who mans (womans?) the checkout counter always has a smile and a kind word; and the guy behind the butcher counter is gruff, hilarious, and disturbingly good with a knife.  Prices are high, but hey, any area that has both an Eyetique *and* an Apple Store is going to be outrageously affluent (and so its shops are obviously going to be outrageously overpriced).There's almost no parking to be had.  Most of the cars on Walnut seem to belong to people with too much money and too little competence behind the wheel.  So, if you value your life, come here on foot.  Then again, if you valued your life you probably wouldn't be eating their incredibly delicious (and incredibly high-calorie) sandwiches in the first place ...During our first year of marriage, my wife once wanted to make me pot roast for dinner, and so she came here to ask the butcher what cut of meat would be best.  He was so touched by this that he gave her the best he had.  Whenever I think of Shadyside Market & Deli, this is the first memory that comes up -- and it never fails to bring a smile to my face.
1	Pricing is way too extreme.
4	Nom nom! Excellent deli! And the specialty grocery store is great, too! Friendly staff, unique food products, and overall always a nice experience. My only problem is that it's soooo overpriced! I understand the quality is great, but I can buy some of the same items at whole foods for cheaper. And whole foods is expensive! But yeah, there are certainly some things I can't find anywhere else. Also, the hours suck. But oh well.
5	I love local delis and this one didn't disappoint.  I spent about 5 secs looking lost and an a older man (owner I bet) asks, "whacha lookin for young fella?"  Instantly made me feel at home.  The sausage and peppers, bowtie pasta - perfecto!!!
1	Disappointing...I want to like the Shadyside market. I love a small grocery store and independent, family-owned shops. But I hate overpriced basics, blah sandwiches, and rude staff.As a Shadyside resident, I've stopped by several times to grab forgotten groceries. Unfortunately, most of the time they are closed. Their unpractical hours are disappointing, but not as bad as their produce and selection. From a small, pricey grocery, you'd expect specialty brands and top-notch fruits. Instead, it is more Giant Eagle-like.And the sandwiches, nothing special whatsoever... And all served on blah white bread. I won't be back.
