1	chicken buns werent good. egg custard tart not good. ham and cheese bun not good.
3	Three stars just for their sesame balls I haven't tried anything else here, but they were decent.. definitely not as good as the Chinatown Bakery in Los Angeles though.They're also twice the price, at $1.25 each. Diamond Bakery makes them with mung bean filling whereas I prefer the red bean filling.+ fresh items being made even in late afternoon+/- they only accept certain credit cards- more expensive than other bakeries
4	This is where I often go for a quick snack fix.  I am a serious adzuki bean addict and the steamed buns with red bean filling here are heavenly.   Many fun things to try.  Something for everyone; very east meets west. Reasonable prices.  Everything I've had has always tasted very fresh.  The ladies who work here are helpful.  I wish they sold wagashi here too.  Does no one sell wagashi in this town?   I am dying for some daifuku.
4	Carolyn C is right--the red bean sesame balls are to die for.  I liked everything else I chose (shredded pork onion roll, red bean buns), but the sesame balls are wonderful.  The help was a bit brusque, but not rude.
3	Pineapple bun looked burnt.  I didn't enjoy the filling of the chicken bun.  Almond wafer cookies were good.
4	The only place where I get yummy red bean or green sesame balls.  Also their steamed pork buns are my favorite.  This is where I order birthday cakes - mocha cake with coconut filling is a must-have!
4	Great place for an snack, appetizer, or meal. Perfect if you aren't sure what else is going to be open on Christmas day and you need something to tide you over since you have to wait 2 hours to be seated at Sam Woo/ or Dim Sum. Pork Buns - were a good size at $1.30 a piece, coming fresh out of the oven at 11:30 am.Chicken Pot Pies - Not really worth it unless you are craving the           great American spin- off.Shredded Beef w/ Green Onion Roll - Only good because rolls last through the night perfect for hangover snacks. (costs more than the pork bun).Honey, I want to see your Pork Buns in Vegas, baby Vegas.
4	A Chinese bakery do exist in Las Vegas...Yay!Located in the Old Chinatown Plaza approximately 5 driving minutes away from the strip, I feel like home now when I ran into this bakery for a quick breakfast before my own work related project. They have the popular Chinese pastries and other desserts. Some of the pastries are self-serve and wrapped up in a package similiar to Sheng Kee. The bakery also have sweets and customized cakes too. Unfortunately, the bakery is not as dazzling or updated like Sheng Kee or Paris Baguette. I had the Cheese and Hot dog bun. I'm not sure what that pastry is called, but I've never seen it before. For $1.50, this pastry tasted crunchy and fresh. The cheese tasted like a Asiago cheese bagel from Noah's. Very unique texture and with the hot dog, it was very appetizing in the early morning.My treat: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/IcOvxejpd5FLFIkj20Opqg?select=1Ag-WnBvzJVPh2xeFjTYigI feel like I'm home with bakeries and businesses in the Old Chinatown Plaza.
4	They have pretty good sandwiches and desserts.The green onion roll and the hot dog bun is my favor.I usually pick up 3 to 4 items.
5	I'm biased for this place. Trash talk this Chinese bakery to me and I will cut you. I love their coconut butterfly rolls, and the raisin stick is my BFF. my brother orders the bbq steamed buns, and bbq pork buns off the shelf. My mom likes her custard stick, and my sister just eats whatever's leftover in the 40.00 bag of goodies we bring home every time we make the trek to Chinatown. I love you, diamond bakery... marry me?
1	No! not a good Chinese bakery at all! The bread I had was dense, and oily! Definitely not like anything I would find in the bay area! Never again!
4	Had the steamed pork buns and a couple of bites of their chicken buns. Both were delicious, with soft chewy outsides. The chicken bun was a little flakier with a glazed top and sesame seeds. Both were great and they offer deals for larger orders. I'm going back soon! :} There's tons more to try and shopping to be done in the cute little shops next door~
4	We rolled in around 11:15 this morning - just in time for piping hot steamed pork buns to be put out!! Things I love about this place*Steamed pork buns were huge - literally 1 of them at $1.25 filled me up for lunch! The bun itself was awesome, so light and airy. Really try to show up around 11ish - they are amazing WARM.*Badass Japanese hotdog cheesey goodness.*I love how everything was individually wrapped in celaphane for freshness. Plus it was labled with ingredients. This way when I want a pineapple bun for bfast tomorrow I won't accidentally bite into my bbq pork bun. *So many goodies - so cheap. Got a big bag for $6.25!Grab a steamed pork bun then go wash it down with a fresh fruit boba tea at no 1 boba tea next door. One of the best lunches in chinatown for under $5!
4	When I visit LV from LA, I like to pick up so goodies from Diamond Bakery. They have the best baked pork buns (cha siu bao or manapua) and the steamed is also good. This week I tried the custard filled pastry and it was really good. Sliced it up and my family finished it in no time. My mom likes the baked chicken buns and commented that it has more filling than what she can find in Hawaii and the bread is really light and delicious. There are just so many choices, but if you have something specific you are craving, go early because they do sell out of their most popular items. They had a sign on the door that the steamed buns come out at 11:00 am and 2:00 pm. Just in case you want them fresh and piping hot.
5	Diamond Bakery, located in the Chinatown plaza, is my favorite asian bakery in town. Having lived the first half of my life in San Francisco, I didn't realize that residents were so spoiled until I moved to a place where the asian population was significantly lower. This number has increased, over the years. Note: minimum debit/charge is around $5.00.No seating inside, but there is some seating sprinkled throughout the plaza.There is a huge selection of freshly baked goodies like taro rolls (my fave-so good), coconut rolls, steamed chicken buns (sio pao), macaroons, red bean filled sesame balls, egg pie, breads, hot dog buns, and assorted cakes (slice). Everything is good. Cakes are made to order and pretty reasonable. The individually wrapped goodies located on the long tables against the wall range from $0.60 to about $1.50 each! The cake is located behind the counter. I always buy a bunch of pastries when I come here. My husband really likes the coconut cake-it's moist and has the right kind of icing- not the sugary- too-sweet icing that I end up scooping off. Very small, not much ambiance, but it is clean. Helpful staff. Perfect for a light snack, dessert, or for entertaining guests at home.
4	The raisin bread and taro pastry were both very very tasty.
2	Disappointing Chinese bakery. The baked goods are freshly baked right out of the oven but don't taste that great. The bread was tough and other items did not look too appetizing; like the cracked egg tarts. The ladies behind the counter could care less about their customers. They just chatter away without paying any attention to you.  It's much better in SF.
3	I came in hoping some egg tarts might be there, but of course that is always out first. The BF and I just grabbed some snacks for later.The loot:Green onion roll with pork sung- this was okay. The bread and sung was good, but I can barely get the green onion flavor. Thats really what I love normally about this is that strong flavor blend of the sweet bread, salty pork and savory onions....but it was missing part of the trifecta. Steamed Chicken Bun- pretty good. I would get it again if I'm in the area, but I would say it's pretty standard. It's just as good as the ones I got at the deli in the supermarket (168 has them in 4 packs). Green Tea bread- the bread was good and the flavor seemed good but the swirls of green tea paste in the bread was really goopy, slimy almost so I didn't enjoy much of it. BF got pineapple bun and he ate it up so it must have been good. Honey crisps- still have it left over...a bit too oily. The skinny is that this place is A-OK. I wouldn't go out of my way for it, but I'll come back for certain items when I'm in the area and to try to get some of these egg tarts.
4	I don't usually go to this mall , the parking lot is always full. I been to diamond bakery a couple of x before, but always missed getting the manapua ( BBQ buns). Since I was in the area and with my visiting mom I decided to stop by. It was about 1 pm the shelves were stocked full of steamed and baked BBQ buns, still warm . After all these years about 7 , I get to taste some.     The steamed ones were big ,and the buns were nice and fluffy and would be a hit back home,the char siu filling had the right  flavor , the pork was roughly chopped not shredded which I like reminds me of the old days. Shredded is easier to do . The one complaint is that the filling was a little runny.  The baked ones were very good also the filling was a little tighter, so maybe the runny steamed filling was a loose batch. At $1.40 ea. not bad price , 2-3 fill me up . Cheap lunch.
3	We only bought one yellow bun, to do the comparison since we cannot find anything that compares to the yellow bun from Orchid Garden. It was OK but I just love the amount of selection that they have. Their shelves are full and the staff was pretty nice, that is, once they got off their phones lol.
4	I feel like a wild bachelor when I'm at Diamond Bakery, probably due to diverse selection of baked goodies, probably one of the best in Vegas Asian Bakeries.  There are salted baked goods, sweet baked goods, pastries, cake slices, buns, rolls, and a number of breads.  I don't have to make a decision what I like or what I want to commit to... the plethora of inexpensive products on display within touch allows me to be promiscuous.I got a few different choices, all across the board, to give Diamond bakery a fair judgment (says the bachelor to his friend as they enter the bar).  Taro bun was a good size and tasted all right but could use a tad bit more taro and sweetness (a busty blond: easy on the eyes and good in theory but one try is good enough).  Green onion roll with pork sung looked okay but was actually very delicious and the right amount of saltiness (a career brunette: definitely on for a second date).  BBQ pork bun looked freshly buttered but the meat was a bit too fatty (long-haired red-head: an instant double-take but could be high-maintenance in large doses).There is nothing from Diamond Bakery I'm quite in love with... but that's ok.  It's what dating is all about, variety is the spice in life, even more so in baked goods.  And supposedly they'll even have the elusive Buche de Noel for Christmas (can you say twins?)
5	In the fall of 2010 we visited Macau and were introduced to Portuguese Egg Tarts.  They were so wonderful we stood under a tree on the plaza outside the shop and ate 3 apiece.  This week, after a wonderful lunch  at the Noodle Palace, we went in search of a bakery for custard tarts.  We decided to hunt in the Spring Mountain Mall and came across Diamond Bakery.  As soon as we walked in, we saw the case with egg custards, and though they looked good, we didn't think they were the same as what we remembered.  Then our eyes fell on the item right beside them:  Portuguese Egg Tarts!  We were so excited.  We bought 6 (@$1.50 each) and took them home.  We were delighted that even after a 30 minute drive home, they were still warm!  They were wonderful.  Delicious filling and a very flakey crust.  Couldn't have asked for a better re-creation of the tarts we had in Chinese Macau.
4	Man oh man, do they have some great stuff from my childhood.  You gotta go here if you want some great, albeit odd tasting stuff (for the uninitiated)1.  Pork Buns - Awesome and filled with lean juicy pork.  Not the kind with the fat all in it.2.  Egg Custard - Flaky and tasty. Warm.  Need I say more?3.  Moon Cakes - Very much a remembrance of the days growing up in San Francisco and my grandma serving these at all the appropriate functions.4.  Melon Cookies - Better than anyting.5.  Rolls, buns and even the custard filled buns - Fantastic.Gotta get over here and try this stuff. I love it.
2	I judge Asian bakeries on their Pineapple Bun. And Diamond Bakery doesn't add up to buns I've had in LA (unfair comparison, I know) or even to buns you can find at 168 Market. I tried a while host of other buns and pastries, but The only thing I've had here that I enjoyed are the Steamed Pork Bun. Get them while they're hot, though.
2	After grabbing a banh mi over at Mr. Sandwich, I stopped into Diamond Bakery for a sweet fix. Not wanting anything *too* sweet, I opted for a bag of coconut macaroons. $4 was a little pricey, but it was a decent sized bag with roughly a dozen in there. Unfortunately, they were dry, dry, dry. It was almost like eating styrofoam. Other stuff at their store looked good, so I'll probably be back to try something else. But for their macaroons, they get 2 stars.
3	For many years this was the only decent Asian bakery in Las Vegas, but that has changed. Diamond bakery is good if you get to Chinatown early in the morning, because it is good when fresh. Don't stock up, because they don't maintain their integrity. Something happens to the quality of the goods as the day progresses. The bread is not the best, so it gets dry very quickly. Maybe I have a little too much hubris when it comes to my definition of a delectable baked good. It is only intensified because I am not one to avoid giving something a shot and I have pretty much tried everything in the store. The essential items that I look forward to are the lotus, BBQ pork, taro, red bean, and coconut cream buns. I find that Diamond and Sunville are polar opposites. I love the bread at Sunville, because it is moist and airy, but they sometimes skimp on the filling. While Diamond gives a good ratio, but it tastes like you are trying to down cotton balls if you wait too long to consume. The coconut cream is greasier than their competitors. The BBQ pork is leaner and they give a generous amount, but I will always pick a moist, supple bun over abundance. (I am going to feign innocence if anyone accuses me of provocative word choice for that last sentence.)With at least one contender, I find it hard to enjoy Diamond like I use to. If you are in Chinatown after 2pm, go to Sunville instead.
3	The Skinny: great when you get here around 10:20 am when stuff is fresh from the oven... otherwise you might have a lot less things to choose from (3.75), service: good - if you don't see something, ask the ladies and they'll find it for you in the back (3), value: pricey but will satisfy your Asian bakery fix (3)The first couple of times I came here, I wasn't really impressed. The counters were pretty bare in the afternoon and I walked out empty handed.Then, for whatever reason, we stopped by this place at 10:20 am. I was shocked. They had Portuguese Egg Tarts (a Macau specialty - egg tarts with a golden brown topping from the extra sugar), Curry beef puffs, butter pan loaves, Taiwanese type sammys, rice dumplings. It was like a completely different store.The Portuguese Egg Tarts are okay. I find the filling to be nice, but there are problems with the pastry. Not quite the shortbread crust, it's kind of a hybrid of between the flaky and cookie crust.The curry beef puff is good. The puff pastry is flaky and light while the curried beef is flavourful. The bbq pork puff pastry was ok due to the lackluster bbq pork filling.If baked buns are your thing, there is a caveat. I would say that the bun is a little on the drier side - okay when fresh but isn't that good the next day. For the buns without filling (ie, pineapple buns), you might find yourself a little disappointed. That being said, if you are a filling kind of person, you'll love this bakery because of the copious amounts of filling in their red bean and lotus paste buns. The steamed buns are great and hold up better (I've refrigerated them and resteamed them the next day and it's good.). Fav are the red bean steamed bun - lots of filling, nice lighter texture than what you normally see.I really love their butter pan loaf (I'm not talking about the butter pan buns... see the pic here because I have no idea what they really call it in English: http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=h9RUaaHa5kcQKqtJ-sgS0Q ). I got addicted to this brioche-like bread in Hong Kong from their famous Maxim's bakery. Although Diamond's cannot compare to Maxim's, it still is pretty good. Buttery and lighter than their regular bread, it iswonderful toasted with a little butter/jam.With some great things items, this is my "go to" place when I've a hankering for some Chinese bakery if I can get here when the bread comes out of the oven (10:20am).
4	Love love love their baked pork buns!!!!! I'll take bake over the steam, please. ;) This is my favorite place to get them.  They stuff it with a lot of meat. Score score! And there's more meat than bread, yet the bread tastes good too. I've been to a few other places in Vegas and outside of Vegas and this is one of the better places to get them. Good for storing in the fridge for a few days, or freezing. Just an FYI. Tip: Get there in the morning, they usually run out by afternoon time. Last time I went in they ran out (I couldn't get there sooner), bummer. :( Their other baked goods are pretty good too. But we usually come in for the baked manapuas and jin dui!
4	My favorite things at Diamond Bakery:Cha Siu Bao - big fluffly and with just the right amount of bbq pork filling, I can barely finish two so that makes lunch for meBBQ Pork Pie - bbq pork in a buttery flaky little tart, this is just me being a little piggyHam and Cheese Bun - basically ham and cheese baked inside of a slightly sweet  bread, usually ends up being lunch for the next dayButtercream Bun - nice sweet bread with a mound of buttery sugary creamy buttercream filling inside. There hasn't been a single person I given this to that didn't like itCustard Puff - choux pastry with vanilla custard inside, only good the same dayMochi - the kind that is covered in sesame seeds, deep fried and filled with red beans, so yummy and they have the green been if you are more partial to that tooButter Pan Loaf - sweet bread that is good enough to eat right out of the package but becomes divine when toasted and slathered with butter and honeyIf you get there right about noonish they have fresh pork buns! Clean, nice counter ladies and fast service. Note there is a $8 minimum for debit card purchases.
3	This place is ok, as my rating says. I come here for the lemon horns. They run out relatively quickly so get here early. The pastry is flaky and the filling is just as a lemon filling should taste - sweet yet acidic. The cakes are ok but not too impressive. They had a recent renovation which seemed useless. I'm sure there are better in Chinatown. The only reason this one is frequented so often is because of its location next to the 99 Ranch Market.
4	Yummy stuffed buns, manapua as we call it back in Hawaii.  We stopped in with visiting family to check it out and there were plenty, just freshly made sitting on the shelves.  The buns were fluffy and soft, the inside meat, the char siu filling was actually flavored like the ones we get in Hawaii.  The pork was shredded and not chunks like we seen in other stores in Vegas, and the my favorite the baked ones were spot on as well.  Newly discovered, this might be worth coming back in for, we do get family in all the time from Hawaii and one of things most requested is manapua, but since this is pretty close, we might be asking for something else!
3	Tried some pastries and bread pudding.  The wintermelon pastry I had was flaky, buttery, with a nice mild (i.e., not too sweet) wintermelon filling mixed with sesame seeds.  The bread pudding, while looking exquisite, ended up tasting too dry on top and mushy instead of moist on the bottom.  They have inexpensive and large cream puffs for sale too, which I hear are very good!
4	From the first bite I took of their Chinese style baked goods I knew I'd return despite having to walk several miles to and from my hotel on the Las Vegas Strip.  In the world of Chinese bakeries I think Diamond Bakery is pretty darn good and very much comparable to one of my San Francisco Bay Area favorites Sheng Kee Bakery.Surprisingly I had very little soreness from running in the Rock n Roll Las Vegas 1/2 Marathon just about a dozen hours earlier on Sunday night, and since I considered this a vacation I definitely wasn't about to sit around in or near my hotel like a couple of my friends decided to do.  A long, leisurely walk was in order so I chose Chinatown having never really explored the area before.After an exploratory visit inside a Ranch 99 Asian supermarket yielded zero results as far as finding something to snack on I came upon the Diamond Bakery and a nice 4 star rating on Yelp.  Yelp friend Matt G and the Las Vegas Yelpers' rating did not disappoint as I gathered an arm full of individually wrapped pastries to take with me on my walking journey.  Everything I tried during my walk I liked from the Baked BBQ Pork Buns to the Chinese Rice Tamales to the Pineapple Buns, and by the time I returned to my room I still had food left over.I whipped out my camera and captured what I had later in the day.Japanese Style Hot Dog Bun (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/IcOvxejpd5FLFIkj20Opqg?select=Mw5zFwaUWjAwE04lrwRTMA) - I feared this would be a bit salty, but it wasn't at all.  I would easily buy this one again.  It's braided bread dough that forms the bun and houses a quarter inch slice of hot dog inside each braid.  Topped with a crispy layer of cheese my only wish was having some yellow mustard to smear on it.Red Bean Bun (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/IcOvxejpd5FLFIkj20Opqg?select=lQxtG3VxFBndCvv-yVGY7w) - Stuffed to the gills with lumpy red bean paste this was easily one of the best red bean buns I've ever had.  In terms of volume I'm definitely certain there was more red bean than there was bun in this pastry.  Make sure you pop a Beano or two before devouring this one!Winter Melon Cake (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/IcOvxejpd5FLFIkj20Opqg?select=3gP1L6c1YWXWtGKTbk3cqw) - The super flaky pastry was very good and the winter melon filling was chewy but rather sweet.  The amount of filling was also quite generous.  I did detect a bit of coconut mixed in with bits of crunchy melon in the filling and that kind of made it a miss for me not really being a fan of coconut.  This was probably the one thing I would not buy again, but 1 out of 6 ain't bad at all.
2	I've had plenty of Chicken filled buns in my life and this Diamond Baker's chicken bun is the worst.  The chicken itself has no flavor.  I'm usually a big time glutton and finish everything, but I couldn't finish this one.  I could only eat half of it.The custard bun, on the other hand, was much better.  It's still not the greatest, but it's a huge contrast to the chicken bun.
5	Best snacks, anything with shredded pork is delish, especially the one with the green onions on the outside and the sandwich. Try the honey crisp at the counter.
5	The bread and baked goods are great here.  The smell of fresh bake goods is intoxicating.  We were there for a conference and a good way to save money for breakfast or snack.
4	Loved their cakes for years, but first time I noticed their section of savory stuff. We tried the beef curry, shredded pork w green onion, and bbq pork manapua/char siu bao. Each was around $1.50 and was pretty good. First place I've found homemade bigger sized manapua since the manapua shop on flamingo closed years ago. Admittedly not the best I've ever had, but beggars can't be choosers in this town. Its better than paying $3 for the mini bao at dim sum. The beef curry had decent flavor but texture of the beef was weird - looked more like dog food so just eat w your eyes closed
5	Good service and food.
3	Came here to pick up a cake for a birthday. First thing i saw was the egg custard. After that I didnt care much for the cake. All i wanted was that egg custard. Anyways this place is good. Line wasnt bad when getting the cake. PIcked up the cake around noon. It wasnt busy at all. Wouldve liked it if i went in here when they have all the stuff just out of the oven! That would have been the best. I wouldve gotten 1 of each if i had enough money that time. There were a lot of stuff i wanted to get but i didnt have time. Like i said, only thing i wanted was that egg custard!! I dont think i got a taste of that cake during the birthday party
1	The round chocolate cake I ordered for my friend's birthday was one of worst cake I ever had in my life. I was so embarrassed watching my friends struggling to pretend that they liked cake.The cake was old, probably the same one I saw when I put in the order the day before. The cake tasted like the sponge I use to wash my dishes, except my sponge is softer. The icing was like pure powder sugar, it was grainy and oily. Last but not the least, they used this transparent pink color icing to write the name on top of the cake which was so idiotic. The writings blended in the beige color of the cake, and nobody cqn read what it said.I swear I won't go spend $28 for a terrible embarrassment again.
5	LOVE this place! I walked around to kill time just to get the fresh BAOs! Yum~!
2	I come from socal and this place would never survive there.  Nonetheless, this is the only place that I could find decent sponge cake in vegas, and their pineapple custard buns are REALLY good.  The zong zi are bleh (filled with green bean, egg yolk and pork, but not much of any of those things) and not very fresh (we asked about the red bean zong zi and the lady that worked there actually told us not to buy it because it was really old).  The egg custard tars are also really tiny.  The steamed red bean buns are really really good though, and did I mention already that the pineapple custard buns are absolutely DELICIOUS?  Also, be sure to come in here early to get the full selection - we went at around 3 in the afternoon twice, and all they had left was sponge cake and egg custard tarts.
5	Oh yeah!  Do you love Chinese style steamed buns with sweet pork inside (cha siu bao)?  Sesame balls with bean paste inside (jin deui)?  Other Asian style pastries?  If so, this place is awesome.  Seating is horrible, but they make the best Asian style pastries in town (better than Lee's Sandwich).  The prices are fair.  My wife and I love it here and swing through often.
1	I'm gonna be honest. I never YELP. I rely on the reviews of others to judge whether or not a location is good but I was so outraged by the horrible customer service the other day I just have to say that Diamond Bakery probably has the rudest staff I've ever come across. Avoid at all costs and look for an alternative such as Sunville Bakery which is just down the street. Horrible service and rude staff. I will never go back.
3	We stopped by here at the beginning of our road trip and got 4 buns: Japanese hot dog bun, ham and egg bun, taro bun, and curry beef bun. Overall we thought the buns were about average; not too outstanding in flavor nor was it terrible. Personally I thought the bun itself was good, but they skimped out on the filling, especially for the ham and egg bun. Other bakeries I've been to definitely have a lot more meat for the same size bun. But if you're on the go, this is a great option for a light meal or big snack.
4	I've been to Diamond Bakery in the past when I had a craving for something sweet and they've always come through.  After spending time at the New Year festival area out front of the mall, I went walking to check out the restaurants and of course to pay a visit to Diamond because I was right there!I got three pastries.  One was a square of pineapple paste in a pastry crust.  The second was a triangle of red bean paste, and the last was a very large and heavy durian mung bean cake.  The cake must have weighed 8 ounces as it was completely filled with durian mung bean paste.  All three were very good.  My only issue with any of the three was the pastry around the durian cake.  It was very flaky--not baked pastry flaky--rather it fell off in pieces of light, white pieces and was a bit messy.  The cake however was very tasty!I enjoyed my stop here, the staff was very pleasant, and the pastries good.  That's what keeps me coming back.
4	Great Asian bakery with a good assortment of baked goods.  Pricing is fair.  Can be a busy place.  Immediate parking is limited due to a lot of businesses in a compact area.  Try the cream puffs and custard puffs...yum.  Not quite as fancy as a Japanese bakery.
4	You have to know what to get. The bbq pork buns (both steam and baked ) were very good, especially when they just come out warm and fresh.The pineapple bun (filled with cream) was also delicious.  However, the chicken baked bun wasn't that good.  And their egg custard, was so-so.The service was good.  The younger women were nicer than the older woman when it came to asking questions.  We went there 3 times during our visit to Vegas.  The prices were average.
4	i love the chinese style bean buns and my boyfriends loves their pork buns and curry buns are good but its better to pop then in the microwave! very good ! everytime im in vegas gotta stop buy and pick some up!!
3	3.5 starsLove love love their vanilla roll. I think this place makes it the best. It's almost 7 bucks so its not cheap but it can easily last a good week if you didn't share. Luckily I always share the love. ;)Their pineapple buns with custard, yes I prefer the filling inside is pretty bomb diggity too. I went the morning and it was still warm, fresh out of the oven. Yum. Now I love wintermelon cake aka wife cakes, but this place doesn't make it the way I like it. I prefer the filling to be semi smooth and the filling here is chunky with lots of texture/sesame seeds. Eck. I still have yet to find a place here in town that makes it as wonderful as SF or China. The curry beef puffs is pretty good too. Overall, this place is decent and I will come back for sure.
4	The smell coming from this place is SO enticing!  We had to try it.  Very good dessert options, have to know a bit about these types of desserts (which I did not.) So we just winged it.  Excellent finish to a delicious meal in any of the neighboring restaurants!
3	I've stopped here a few times just for a custard tart snack, when I am craving for my custard.........me loves my custard!This bakery is your typical Chinese bakery, with packaged goodies and baked egg tarts on glass display........... kinda like the Chinese version of a St. Germain Bakery back home.Came here and got my custard.........also picked up a few Chinese sponge cakes, & a pineapple bun which is filled with some sort of cream.Overall, not bad............but nothing to make me go nuts either! I guess I will have to try their cakes one day.........they do make some delicious looking cakes.
3	The pork bun boa, pasties, and Swiss roll cakes are on point! I enjoy getting a small snack here, but hate going inside when it is slow because of the service. I feel that the employees stare at me from the moment I walk in to the moment I walk out. Other that that, great pastries! FYI, there's a $7 minimum for credit/debit cards.
5	The Pacquiao fight tonight means two things:  Mike's making lumpia and we're picking up a baby coconut cake from Diamond Bakery.The baby coconut is our favorite, with juicy, thin slices of coconut in a light cream filling layered between a really, really light, white cake.And since we were there...  the bbq pork buns are so good!  Heat 'em in the microwave for 15 - 20 seconds and heaven!  I always grab a little bag of almond cookies too - they are so flavorful.
4	I love this place! Cheap, fresh, and dam tasty! Gotta love the smell of fresh baked bread!
3	Love this place, always get my steamed buns from here-BBQ Pork. Have always a friendly attitude and always have a great cake selection...Only reason that they get a couple stars knocked down is that they have the "minimum of $10 purchase with credit/debit card"... I mean come on... sometimes I just want a steamed bun and don't have cash...makes me visit them less... doesn't make them any less delicious though.
4	I have been going to this bakery ever since I could remember. Growing up, my parents would always order my birthday cake. You can customize the cake to your liking or even choose one that is already made! Either way, you cannot go wrong. What I like about Diamond Bakery is that their icing isn't too sweet and the cake... they use butter sponge cake! Who doesn't like that?!Besides their delicious pastries, I love their steamed pork buns! I always get it in the morning when it is fresh out of the oven! Its a pretty big size bun for a very cheap price! Can't go wrong with that!Although I only put a 4-Star rating on this, its definitely a must-try. I love SWEETS and anything with chocolate, pastries, etc.. and that's why my standard is very high.If you are ever in Chinatown, you should check this place out! Its better than Sunville Bakery... trust me.
1	If I could give this place negative stars, I would. This place is by far THE WORST bakery I've been to, quality and customer service wise. I ordered a two tiered cake for my niece's second birthday a week in advance to the pickup date. The design was simple, bit of fondant dots and chocolate dots around the cake. They had a model design of the cake so I knew what to expect on pick up day. 6 days later I go pick up the cake and it looked like a DISASTER. The fondant on the sides were melting off of the icing leaving a trance of color on the white icing. The dots of chocolate MELTED on the sides, made the cake look like it was crying. I told the front manager and all she said was "yeah it's really hot today"...... Uh... Okay? What does the weather have to do with my cake? She brought the cake to the back to "fix", turns out she just slapped a bit more icing on the cake and pushed in the fondant. It looked like a 3 year old put the cake together. When I told her that it was for my niece she said "oh well she's a baby, she won't remember" OH THE NERVE. Please. Do NOT waste your time and money on this shitty place. Totally NOT worth even a penny.
1	They have one best of the bakery but sad to say the worst manager, I was really offended how they or She, supposed to be a Mgr has no sense of a descent representative  of the stablishment. She talks with no matters,  discriminate  other customer,  I hope This will be read by the owner.  Because, I do not that it s only having a problem with the way the manager  communicates with us, the customers  that brings the $ to the establishment.  It is  so rude and very disappointing that there are times I want to report them to the TV station. Pls do some  changes ND get people to manage your establishment  with some education and shows respect  to customer. Your product  is sweet  but your management is bitter and rediculous.  Another thing,  I go to this place once a week and spend $20+ at least,  so to her the manager telling someone  that  she hates Pilipino is very disturbing.  I am pilipino but seldom people look at me that  way for some unusual features, so was really furious.  By the way she was telling one of her subordinate who was pilipino. I do not want to go to her level and say things that might put her face lower  than the floor.  And it so sad for the owner of this store  to get all the negative  feedback. Pls be advised that there a big % of pilipino  in lv and I don't  think they  will be able  to take this lightly.
5	Eating their mango cake right now and it is delicious! Can't wait to try out the other desserts I bought!
5	As I look at all the reviews, it seems like this place is a hit or miss. I have been going to this place for so many years, never had a problem. I will say my absolute favorite thing to get is the steamed pork bbq bun, and i normally get it when its made fresh anytime before 11am. Had the trio bun also, which was good. Just a great selection of pastries and bread overall. Can't go wrong!
5	I was on the hunt for Siao pao in little vegas china town.  I tried sunville which had some decent tasting baked pork buns, but had a lot of bread which was odd for baked porked buns.  I then went the lee's sandwhich store which had some decent pork steamed buns but was not flavored the way I was used to.  Then I was recommended to go to diamond bakery. Unfortunately, the Siao pao was all sold out.  I was told to return between 11-3pm the next day which I did.  I bought eight steamed pork buns for $1.90 each.  They were really good.  Each were individually wrapped and of course had he wax paper on the bottom.  The flavor of the cooked pork was excellent.  The bun was not too dry which can often happen with pork buns.  And the meet to bun ratio was excellent.  I would not say it was the best pork bun I ever had... I have had better in NYC and Philly China towns. But if you are looking for Siao pao in the Vegas Chinatown go to the diamond bakery between 11-3 pm.
5	Best pork buns ever! And the prices are cheap too! Im craving some right now just by writing this review lol. You have to come here!
5	Awesome place for Chinese bakery goods! Come at 11 for their bbq pork buns! So big and so filling, it's not like those tiny ones you get at dim sum all the time. The reason I'm giving 5 stars is just because of this! The other stuff is really good too! Lots of authentic chinese bakery goods that will be very nostalgic if you've eaten this kind of stuff when you were a kid. And it's pretty clean! Great stuff! Can't wait to come back to Vegas to get more....unless they close down cause the Chinatown area looks like it's losing business for some reason!
3	This is an okay Chinese bakery located in the Chinatown plaza. The sun biscuit I had was huge (the size of my face), but the interior of the biscuit didn't quite taste like the sun biscuits I am used to. The buo luo bao did not look that appetizing. The egg crust looked kind of dry and there didn't seem to be much egg on it.
4	Love their items though! Custard puffs are so good and their pork buns are delish! Everything is laid out and labeled and I've never had anything that I didn't like. Never dealt with bad customer service because I've never needed to ask for anything other than the items behind the glass and during those instances I've never had a bad experience.
4	How has no one raved about the taro pastry? I've fallen in love with it. It's a heavy, dense ball of thick and delicious taro paste, enclosed in a delicate and flaky layer of purple swirls. They're $3.00 each, but can last a couple of days because they're so dense. Definitely going to stop by for more...On the other hand, their taro mochi bun is alright. It does have mochi in it, but the bread isn't as doughy as the marble taro bun from 85c, nor does the taro paste have as much flavor.P.S.: $8.00 minimum for cards
3	They increased their prices on the pork baos to $1.90... quality has decreased too.  It's smaller and the filling is less too. Shame on you.  Disappointing.
