4	I thought that opening night would be packed at the new Canal Restaurant.  This is the first Restaurant to open up at Jennifer Croll's and Fred Unger's concept Southbridge/Mix Shops.  I was wrong...The restaurant was no busy maybe over the course of being there for about two hours they had sat 10 tables.  The lack of patrons was due to a "soft opening".  What is with Scottsdale and all of these "soft openings"?  This is why the majority of restaurants go out of business.  Back to the review:  Walking into Canal, the place had a swanky feel...walking through the bar section to get to the hostess you can see the large white glass wall with pictures constantly changing and you walk past the catwalk...this will be used for fashion shows once the shops are opened.  I sat down to look at the wine menu, and this was done "scrapbook style".  I found this to be a bit tacky.  Apparently, the staff had made this wine book on there own.  It would have been nice for a private restaurant, but for a new swanky restaurant here in Scottsdale, it just looked terrible.  I ordered a Malbec and my friends had the Adult lemonade.The food menu looked fantastic, I was equally excited to try the food.  My friends and I ordered: Ahi Three Ways, House-made Parmesan fries, Ahi Nicoise; and the Grilled Cheese & Soup.  One word: YUMMY!!!  Everything was fantastic...flavorful, nice portions..Chef Beckett has really done well in his new kitchen. With time this new eatery will only get better...with their patio under construction and the mix shops, Canal will be a great place for food, fun and fashion.
4	Five star venue. Reminds me of big city digs in L.A. or NYC. The runway. Oh, I so wanted to strut my butt. But I decided to nibble on the delicious appetizers like corn cakes with avocado salsa and the yummy mini croque monseurs. The Strawberry martini, although a bit too minty, was fruity and dry. Like my "funny" cousin Jim, who's 47 single, likes wicker and has an "I HEART cats and books t'shirt. Well, what do ya do? Service at our yelp event was great I thought. Kristy had quite a few folks to sling drinks at and she was polite and professional. The menu seemed slightly inventive, with a $30 lobster sandwich, a spin on a cobb salad and the now obligatory sliders. I will be back for a visit and will definitely talk it up. Next time, however, I will be ready with stilletos and my Victoria Secret angel wings!
3	I had a great time at Canal but I just couldn't shake the feeling that I didn't belong there.  It reminded me of why I dislike Scottsdale so much, it just tries too damn hard.  I did enjoy the drinks and the company, the Unofficial Yelp Event was fantastic and Steph from L.A. made me miss being single, but I digress, Scottsdale is lame.  Too plastic, too fake.  Give me a dive bar any day over this.  The scotch was yummy though!Addendum:  I would like to make it very clear that I love my wife very much and would never, ever wish to be single for Steph ;)
4	I dig it.  You would never know its there, its not the kind of place you would see in passing. (Even if you see the sign outside in passing its actually on the 2nd floor, not the 3rd or 4th!)   It does give off a great lounge resto-bar vibe- it reminded me of V-Bar in Las Vegas, probably because both of them have a red hue that gives it the ambiance.  Our server was great and I really enjoyed the Sauvignon Blanc that I ordered, as well as the champagne.  I didn't try any of their mixed or specialty drinks, but my husband did, and he really really liked.  I didn't sample much of the food, but I did try three of the apps and 2 were good, 1 was not.  I love that its in The Mix shops.  So you can have lunch there and then shop, or shop first and then stop in for a celebratory drink and a snack.  I think I will definitely return as a place to start a night out in Old Town or when I'm shopping.
2	So very nearly a 3 star - this place is 2.5 (why can't yelp do half-stars like flixster?)... the place is a conceptual hodge-podge priced for the super-rich. I felt uncomfortable there - but a lot of that has to do with my occasional social anxieties. Still, Canal oozed pretentious asshole (present company excluded). I can't even call it douche because douche can't afford this place on their waiter wages. Even if I had this kind of money, I wouldn't go here ever... it's just not for me. I liked some of the concepts and the runway and curtains looked kinda neat... but then the exposed pipes on the ceiling looked like a cross between cool and gross as some of them appeared to be sewage lines - why would I want to have a meal with sewage lines running along the wall right next to my plate? The menu was also this odd hand-made confusion... everything about this place was one-off. Even the appetizers had attitude - a simple bacon and cheese finger sandwich clearly aspired to be more. It was delicious, but c'mon. I didn't drink anything - I simply had a diet coke. The server was very nice, but brought my coke out with a huge lemon slice on the rim which left seeds in my drink. Odd. It's relatively new though, I'm sure the kinks will get ironed out over time. I'd like to see a fancy-pants place like this serve a turd pate - like plate up the shit they scoop out of shrimps and garnish with mint leaves - and charge 80 bucks for it... I bet people would eat it and pay for it. Bah. Sarah and I wandered around the mixed shops and arrived at the end before realizing it was more than one store. They all sold the same crap - most of it was grossly overpriced. Again - this goes beyond douche - the clothes were more stylish and simple and much more expensive than douche can afford. To be honest, much of it was quite nice -but still, if I had a billion dollars, I'd feel like a fraud paying 800 bucks for a casual jacket or 300 bucks for a t-shirt. Wasteful. I am surprised that this sort of thing has permeated this far south - I thought it was a North Scottsdale thing. I'm discouraged because I don't like the crowd this sort of place will attract, but at the same time I like what it'll do to my property value. The reputation Scottsdale has really bums me out because I live here and I love it here. There are so many places to go where you don't have to encounter the douche-ness. It's just becoming increasingly more difficult to convince anti-Scottsdale people to come. Eventually everyone here will be bobble-headed plastic robots with too much money and no taste... I'll be consumed or assimilated or destroyed.I do have a feeling that the bottom will fall out and this mansion of cards will crumble to the ground - Scottsdale is living beyond its means. Or perhaps 'if you build it, they will come' is the thinking. This is a strange time indeed. It was my first Yelp event and I realize Sarah and I were antisocial - I attribute much of it to the setting... which was unsettling.
4	Like my new friend Thomas from the yelp event, I forgot to bring my stilletos to strut the runway.   It was a very unique environment and believe will set the trend for future az restaurants.  Met the GM, nice guy and excited about the opportunity at hand. food was good.  I preferred the corn cakes with avocado.  had a great glass of pinot g to compliment the appetizers.  The 5 star compliment of the evening goes to Kristy.  She remembered everyones names and drinks all evening.  (plus she was easy on the eyes).  Between Kristy, the Pinot and the runway.... I will be back soon.Z
4	I'm a model you know what I meanAnd I do my little turn on the catwalkYeah on the catwalk on the catwalk yeahI do my little turn on the catwalkThis was the one hit wonder of a song going through my head every time I walked by the catwalk here last night. Yes, Canal has a catwalk. How many places do you know of that call a catwalk part of their decor. Not many and I'm from LA, dammit!I enjoyed my evening here last night and got to meet some AZ yelpers. I also enjoyed quite a few of their Flower Child cocktails that taste much like you would imagine a bouquet of flowers with a bit of sweetness would taste like. Got the chance to nibble on a few apps as well and definitely liked the corn cake thingamajigs (that's not the real name of them in case you were wondering)As for the rest of the place, it's pretty cool and is attached to some high end fashion boutiques, so drunk shopping (one of my fave past times) seems pretty doable. Check it out if you are in the area!
4	A really beautiful place ... I was there for the UYE (Unofficial Yep Event) and the folks at Canel were really AWESOME hosts.  The service was top shelf!I can't speak to the menu nor the specialty drinks but the hors d'oeuvres were great.Oh yeah, it's in Scottsdale.
4	Runway?  What runway?  Of course, I have no idea what everyone is talking about because I entered Canal through what I guess is the back door (no snickering kids) against the canal complete with dust and earthmovers and stuff.  Walking in through the fabulously designed space towards the back (or shall I say front) with loungey dance mix humming in the background, I spot the Yelp event going in full force.  Arriving more than fashionably late, I completely missed the appetizers, but was able to enjoy the comfortable yet sleek lounge furnishings, good company of the rad Yelpers in attendance and impeccable service of our server who remembered my Zona (tequila and guava juice - thanks for the tip Mr. K) and Bacardi cokes with A-plus student ease.Four stars for decorFour stars for serviceFive stars for amazingly easy underground parking (in downtown Scottsdale?)Two stars for ease of locating said establishmentIt's my kinda place.  I'm headed back to Canal for sure, hopefully entering through the right doors next time.
2	This place really just isn't my cup of tea.  I'm not especially Scottsdalian, and this place is about the Scottsdaliest Scottsdale that ever Scottsdaled.  Looking around, I can't help thinking, "I don't think I'm tan enough to be in this place."On the plus side, we had very good service and they have quite an extensive liquor list, from well all the way up to top shelf and everything in between.  However, you'd think a place with a 10 page liquor menu would have more than a dozen or so beers (however, to their credit, they did have Samuel Smith oatmeal stout... so good).   Also, if you're coming here, you better flash the cash.  This place certainly isn't cheap.Also, for being in the heart of a bustling community, right on the canal (hence the name), it's pretty well hidden.  I guess hiding it helps to pump up the exlusivity.
3	Catwalk? Really. So that's what that is...I was looking at this stage/runway/catwalk looking thing and I didn't want to look stupid, so I didn't ask or say anything. It all makes a lot more sense and I am so grateful for all of you who have guided me through my quiet questions.I have been to Canal several times now. There are some things I love about it - the service is unquestionable - but I expect nothing less from anything that Fred Unger touches (e.g., The Hermosa Inn, Royal Palms), and I've never had a sub-par alcoholic beverage. My only real complaint is the green lighting in the dining room. It does nothing for anyone's appearance, and I can't imagine it complements the plating of food that has thoughtfully been placed in front of me.All the same, sometimes places just have a good vibe and its not so much about the food or the cocktails - its simply about the company that you keep, the conversation that ensues and the memories that are made. I have a few good memories and a lot of laughter that's taken place at this strangely lit, albeit well served property.
4	Well seems I have to chime in here to level the playing field.This is a trendy place.  Trendy atmosphere, trendy drinks, trendy food, trendy people.  Set in a trendy boutique-mall.  The food was pretty good, the drinks were outstanding, the service was impeccable.  Pricey?  A little, but it goes with the territory.  Outrageous?  No, but you can check out the menu for yourself on their website and make your own judgment.  Good wine list and a GREAT beer selection - 10 or 12 excellently chosen micro brews.  If you've scraped together your nickels for a pint of PBR, this isn't your place.You get the idea from the other reviews that if you hate "Scottsdale" on principle, you're not going to like Canal.  I feel sorry for anyone that is so weak-willed and easily intimidated.  I also find it funny and rather hypocritical how these smug, sanctimonious types call Scottsdale pretentious - who's the one being elitist?It's sad, really, when you get so hung up on labels that you can't enjoy a place for what it is.  When I want to go to a dive bar, I don't shower or shave for a few days, I throw on a hoody and ratty jeans, hide my greasy hair under a cap, and venture into Phoenix.  And I enjoy myself, even though I stand out like a sore thumb with my Mercedes, bulging muscles, and fake tan.  I don't mope around and bemoan the freakshow clientele and the cheap terrible food and booze, I embrace it.  Trust me, it's ok for you to do the same - take a shower, groom yourself, put on some nice clothes, come into Scottsdale, and chill at a place like Canal with some good friends.  And you too can enjoy yourself. . .all the while laughing at a freakshow of a different kind.
4	This place had pretentious written all over it when I read up before I met up with my friends.  A catwalk?  Video screens while I dined?  I imagined sub-par food in Nicole Richie portions and P. Diddy prices.  What do I wear???!!!  Should I take modelling lessons before attempt the catwalk?  My husband needs new shoes.  Damn, I better take care of that hangnail before dinner...and then I remembered, oh yeah, I'm in Phoenix!  Having dinner out on a Sunday night!  I gotta relax.  Still, my husband and I put on the hippest clothes we owned and we drove through Old Town Scottsdale.  It's been completely changed since I last came through here.  Chi-chi boutiques and high end restaurants dominate amongst the now less dominant cowboy boot shops and novelty hot sauce stores.  Not to say that all the southwest "flair" is gone, but the jet set will definitely feel comfortable here and no longer see it as "kitschy."  So the catwalk - interesting concept, not as intimidating as I thought.  I could hear the old school Charlie's Angels theme song playing in my head as my friends and I walked through it.  The inside looked like some club from L.A. or Vegas.  Hip, trendy, and over the top.  And even on a quiet Sunday evening before Christmas, the few patrons this spot attracted were indeed dressed like they had stepped off the pages of Vogue.  (Thank God I took care of that hangnail.)  So the food - surprisingly delicious and generous portions and just a bit more reasonably priced than a comparable L.A. hot spot.  A majority of our party of eight was more than satisfied with the food.  We had a good start with the parmesan garlic fries (not too garlicky - so much more smooch friendly than the title lets on) and the assortment of breads with the honey butter was no ordinary afterthought.  I took a gamble with the short ribs as I have found that to be too rich or too salty of a dish at most restaurants, but theirs was perfectly seasoned and a healthy portion for a growing girl like myself.  I also ordered the chopped salad and it could have rivaled any fresh salad I could get in sunny California.  It wasn't overly dressed and had a surprise secret weapon:  dried cherries!  Yum.  Some of my other friends ordered sea bass, salmon, halibut, and all of them came with yummy accompaniments and the fish was fresh and cooked just right.  The chocolate cake they described on the menu sounded special, but it was nothing but your typical chocolate lava cake (soooo over it), but at least it was well done; I just feel like I was fooled into thinking it was something else.  Some good wines by the glass.  Minus one star because the service was a bit off that night.  My salad came out at the same time my main course did and the waitress didn't apologize for it until I made a comment.  Then when she offered to split the checks three ways, we waited 30 minutes (serious!).  And it still wasn't divided up correctly.  Don't offer if you can't deliver.  We could have worked out the bill amongst ourselves at a fraction of the time.  Overall, it was a good time and the food was pretty good.  I don't know if I would request to dine here again, but if someone suggested it, I wouldn't put up a fight...especially if I got some new couture for Christmas.
4	I was very impressed with how Canal looked when I got there.  Walking in and seeing different colored lights, a screen with images that changed such as faces and lips and white sheer drapes hanging, made it sexy and pretty.  Who wouldn't want to eat in a restaurant that has a catwalk right next to their table?   Unfortunately since Fashion Week is over, there were no models walking down it.  I didn't feel like I was in Arizona.  It felt more like a restaurant that would be in South Beach.  Regarding the menu, it was very unique.  I enjoyed all the nontraditional things they had to offer.  There were so many options on the menu that I thought sounded good, I didn't know what to order.  I ordered a couple of trios and loved how they were served.  The service was excellent.  The waiters seemed to all be trained very well, especially considering it is still a new restaurant.  It could have been a little more crowded to add to the ambiance of a fun night out, but maybe everyone was holiday shopping since it was three days before Christmas when I went.  I liked everything about this restaurant and thought the food was amazing, until I went to Ocean Club the next night and it didn't even compare.  That is not saying anything bad about Canal though, because I am not sure any restaurant can compete with Ocean Club.  Overall, Canal was a very good experience and I would highly recommend it.  Their website is also amazing and I can't wait until they start serving Afternoon Tea.
4	Located in the newest of the waterfront properties to open in late 2007, Canal claims to be the place where Haute Cuisine meets Haute Couture.  I can only vouch for the food part however.  On my first visit my friend and I sat at the Bar just to loosen up a bit before a company party.  Right away I was taken in by the cool "Garage Door" style windows lining the area behind the bar.  The Bartender was a friend from Cowboy Ciao, great guy.  After we made our wine selections and talked a little about the restaurants construction still left, he opened those windows and the cool evening air wafted into the room.  The view of the Waterfront Towers was spectacular.  I could also see Camelback mountain in the distance.  My friend treated us to some of their amazingly off beat appetizers.  We shared the sweet corncakes and the chicken samosas.  They were really tasty and went very well with our wine selections.  As time was short we had to go Do Work.My second visit involved quite a bit more.  I still loved the bar area but sat at a lounge table instead of at the actual bar.  Our server was great .  She was very friendly as she made some suggestions to our party of 3.  This time, I had the now famous Grilled cheese Sandwich with Tomato bisque soup.  Excellent presentation and very satisfying.Again, the service was warm, inviting and this time I took a look around the place.  Definitely a well planned layout and attention to detail.  Contemporary but warm feeling.  I would recommend this place to anyone who loves great atmosphere with their great food.  the views from the bar are also worth stopping in!
2	Perhaps I'm missing something... Food and Fashion?  Why?This place has one thing going for it. The idea that if you open a restaurant in a nice place in Scottsdale people will come. Besides that, it has virtually nothing. Really average food. (I wanted to say bad, but I am being nice) Average service. It does however, do a great job at overpricing. They must have spent a lot of time on that aspect.Do yourself a huge favor, go across the street to Cowboy Ciao and have some tasty food, and leave the fashion to someone else.
3	Went here on Sunday night to have a drink with friends.The place is apparently too new to draw more then a weekend crowd at night.From what i saw the place is absolutely beautiful, and it is located right beside the waterfront in old town (next to the also-new Estate House)I am eager for the word to spread and weekday business to pick up, as I am not likely to face the Friday/Saturday madhouse.***UPDATETried this again, still looks like a cool place but no smoking on the patio forced me to migrate on over to the Mondrian Red Bar.
4	Came here a couple of weeks ago with a large group of friends for a birthday dinner.  I must say that we really enjoyed ourselves... the food was very good; we had a few appetizers... ahi tuna 3 ways, corn cakes and the taquitos.  I tried them all and they were all very good.  After all the appetizers and bread I was not that hungry anymore so decided to have the Canal Chopped Salad for my entree.  Everything that was brought to our table looked tasty.  I would come back here again... most likely it would be for drinks:)... there drink menu is extensive!
1	**WARNING** do not eat here!  Had a birthday dinner here last night..Terrible experience..I will be balanced here..if you want to sit on the patio with friends, people watch and have drinks this is a good choice..The wine list is good with reasonable prices no extreme markup.  Now the bad...Service!! What service? Our server was beyond clueless.  Their corn bread was mushy and cold..when we pointed it out to the server said she knows everyone complains about it!?!?  When asked for just plain bread she brings out a basket with 3 pieces for 4 people!  When we point this out we never get anymore bread! I am not joking here..I would have left if I could but as we were out with another couple for the wifes birthday I had to gut it out.  They also keep their wine downstairs somewhere(swing for a wine fridge will you!!) and we picked the one bottle they couldn't find.  You say talk to a manager..well we sure did Mr. Robert Rogers came over to say how sorry he was and how things would be great from then on. Yet another empty promise as water glasses go unfilled and coffee wasn't even offered as the server just brought the check?!?!  I saw other guests getting french pressed coffee why not us? I guess you don't even get a choice about desert and coffee anymore! The room acoustics are terrible..A DJ?  why? Is it a club or a place to eat?  It is very loud & there is no dance floor. Bathrooms are disgusting(the ladies had to tell Robert Rogers the manager there was no toilet paper! UGH!) This place tries really hard to be cool and fails in a big way..Fred Unger please close this mistake down asap!!!..I expected much more from Unger who was responsible for Lon's and Royal Palms but then again Lon's was always hit and miss!  revolving chefs and menus. Again DO NOT EAT HERE!! Go else where...
4	Well my first experience at Canal was a few weeks ago on a date. To be honest I really wasn't trying to impress her I just wanted to try the place that even Bill Clinton had to check out. I made a reservation for Saturday night which was very busy and even though I was going to be 15 minutes late I called the restaurant and they were very nice to hold the table for me without any attitude from the hostess at all. I arrived and obviously it's pretty stereo-typical Scottsdale. Now, I live in Central Scottsdale so I'm pretty used to seeing the plastic, super tan women and the "Growing Up Gotti" guys by now so I really didn't care all I wanted as a nice dinner.Our waitress was very nice and knowledgeable of the menu so she made it very easy for us to decide on our dinner but I knew what I wanted even before I saw the door. I know the price is ridiculous but I wanted to try the 30$ Burger. But after thinking about it I really didn't want to grub on a sandwich while I was wearing white and sitting across a girl I semi-liked. So I went with the $30- something Filet Mignon with parmesan fries. It was cooked to perfection and the fries were delicious. My date had the Achiote Citrus Seared Mahi Fish Tacos which she loved. The prices for certain items weren't all that bad either just the drinks and a few select items on the menu like the grilled cheese sandwich and soup for $15 that are just way too overpriced! I guess that is the price you pay to be in a "hip" restaurant. I'll be honest I will be back...only to tackle that $30 sandwich or if the girl I took there on a date calls be back! (note to self: 4 beers and 2 jack & cokes makes you look like an ass even after a great dinner!)
2	First of all, the atmosphere and decor of this place is quite nice. But I would never come here for the food again, which is overpriced and fails to deliver. On the other hand, with the right people, and some nice clothes, it would be nice to sit for a bit and pay for $15 cocktails, I suppose.My suggestion would be to eat across the way at Cowboy Ciao and maybe stop over for a cocktail or two. Service was 'okay' the two times I was there, however.Note: if you do not frequent restaurants that cannot maintain proper bathroom hygiene, do NOT patronize this restaurant. If you can't keep your restrooms tidy (one of the easiest things to do in a restaurant), imagine what their kitchen must be like!
3	Ok, so first off let me tell you the oddest thing, they had a fashion show going on while I was there at lunch, at 1pm. I was one of 5 people in the restaurant so I asked the bartender "who are the fashion show'ing for?" He couldn't really tell me, other than they do it every day at lunch time. Odd.The place was ridiculously cool, in a chi chi sort of way. Some counter space in the dining room light up like the 1980's disco dance clubs. They had a big projection screen with a goofy photo montage playing on it, and the bathrooms had pictures of men and women to distinguish between the two rooms. It was over the top "cool" and while some aspects were awesome, others were just plain weird. I can imagine during season, their patio would be THE place to hang out and have wine, overlooking the sewerfront. They even had a mach firepit out there which would be fun.The food I had for lunch was very, very tasty. I had the baby burgers, and they came arranged as a tower, with a chicken burger on the bottom, beef in the middle, and a tuna burger on top. I like tuna so I saved it for last, and turns out it was the only one I didn't love. The other two (chicken and beef) were superb. I'd go back for lunch if I were in the area, and next time I'll check out the scene at night. Should be fun place on a Friday or Saturday night.
4	Finally found and went to this place the other night and I was soo happy I did. The place is off of Stetson and is located on the back of all the shops, over looking the canals, hence the name. Inside the place it is classy with a rustic touch so its good for a romantic date, a night out with the girls or with the guys, or a family night.. Just a heads up, there is a runway, so if your are wanting a romantic date you probably want to figure out when they do their shows...Back to the important stuff.. Service was good, our waiter gave great advice, was able to answer our questions, and came back to check on us. Also they have the back-up servers, which I love because that means that as soon as my food was ready it came right to me, instead of sitting and wait for the main server.. Another good thing our waiter told us is that everything in the restaurant is fresh, except the grapefruit juice, they make their own pasta, sauces, juices, even down to the sweet and sour mix at the bar..Drinks that had a book that you could choose from, which was a little intimidating, but they just got voted as best place for a Martini so they must be good, I stuck white a glass of wine.. They are kind of expensive, but that is not really a shocker for Scottsdale's restaurants. For food we started with the Ahi three ways the group I was with loved it, even I tried it and I'm not a fish person, and it was good. We also got the Tuscan Bread Salad, one of the best salads I've ever had. Main meals, I got the Grilled Chicken layered pasta.. I loved it. It tasted fresh, it was the right size, and not a over powering taste to it. The only bad thing about was that the pasta was was in long wide strips, so trying to get it on a fork was a little hard, but it was worth it. Other people at my table got the bass, Mahi tacos, and snapper, which they all loved, no complaints. For Dessert we got the peach cheesecake (very, very good), the Chocolate layered cake, and sorbet, also very good.  So overall the place was amazing, would for sure go back, it is on the expensive side so be prepared to spend a lot on dinner. Also if you look at the menu that they have posted online it doesn't have all of their menu items on it, such as the Chicken pasta..
4	I was amused by this placeI thought the food was great too.  Not sure if I'd go back to eat though.  Just seems like more of a drinking/lounge place to me.I had the Strawberry Smash martini and it was very goodAlso had the Watermelon Mojito and it was also very good.Good times.
4	I have been here a few times over the past 6 months or so.  Overall, the experience has been good.  There aren't many people here though.  I like the concept, and the location is exceptional.  Southbridge is on the south side of the canal from the Scottsdale Waterfront (yes, the waterfront is it's own location, not part of the Mall!).  Sorry, thats a whole other conversation.  The same group that runs Canal is also involved in the Estate House.  The Upstairs lounge is a great place to watch the sunset!
4	Canal has been a stop on many a "bar tour" through the Waterfront / Old Town area. The bar always has a good crowd in the evenings and the patio is fantastic on warm nights. With summer finally clearing out and it now being possible to sit outside during the daylight hours, we made our way to Canal for some late lunch / day drinking on a recent Sunday.First off, what a great place to sit and people watch!  This was the first time we had ever ordered food at Canal, so we were interested to see if the cuisine lived up to the hip decor and vibe of the restaurant. The baby burgers (3 of them) were served up on an "English High Tea" tray. Great presentation, and the actual taste of those little guys didn't disappoint.....ahi tuna / fillet mignon / ground chicken. The fillet was my favorite. What can I say? I like red meat!We also had the fish tacos.....delicious! A great experience, all around. We're definitely looking forward to getting back here for dinner soon.
5	LUV THE HAPPY HR!  where else can you get A GLASS OF DOM for $10?! (there r 2 prices, lg or sm pour).  Talk about fun! Amazing glasses of wine 1/2 off, same goes for all their awesome & unique tinis.  You can always get a seat, nice outdoor patio seating :-)
4	The food was about 3. The attentive service and chic atmosphere boost the total up to 4. I just love the concept of mixing fashion and dining together (they have a video of different couture collections playing in the back, and the miniture catwalk for local fashion shows. Oh, and not to forget the live DJ)Since I wasn't hungry at all, I ordered the parmesan fries and crab cakes. The fries were good as munchies, but the crab cakes weren't good at all. But I guess it was my fault for ordering them in the first place. AZ is a desert afterall. My friend's Roasted Chicken & Artichoke Lasagna, however, was amazingly delicious!!! It was rich and flavorful, but not at all overwhelmingThe drinks were good. We tried different cocktails from asian mojito, strawberry smash, peach mojito, etc. The peach mojito was pretty to look at because of the rose petals mixed in there, but I didn't particularly like it when those petals made their way up my straw.Overall good experience. I'll definitely come back for the lasagna.
3	I went here with about 8 friends on a Friday night at about 11pm.  The place was mostly dead which was good so we wouldn't have to fight a crowd for drinks and a place to sit.  We sat on the patio which has a decent view of the canal and some of downtown Scottsdale.  The bar area was never very busy so getting drinks wasn't difficult.  Their selection and prices are good but nothing too spectacular.  If you are in the area and looking for a chill place to have a few drinks and not have to deal with crowds or loud music you can't talk over, then this might be your place.  Their food menu also looks very interesting so I will probably come back to give it a try.
4	I finally went to Canal on Saturday night with two girlfriends for a girls night out in Old Town. Canal was a great choice for dinner and drinks to start the evening. We sat inside in a booth and during the night some ladies in another group decided to strut their stuff on the catwalk...ahhhh, only in Scottsdale! I loved the fashion shows being shown on three screens.Our waitress was awesome on Saturday evening. She answered all of our questions, was very knowledgable about the menu and drinks, and paid the perfect amount of attention to our table. Our group of three split the scallop trio and the parmesan fries. Both were huge hits with the three of us. I thought the amount of fries we received was very generous, considering they were only $5. The scallops were cooked perfectly and it was a nice way to start our meal. I had the caesar salad as my dinner and it was the perfect size. My two friends both had the mahi-mahi tacos which they both really liked, especially since the fish was not fried. We all also really liked the cornbread that came in the bread basket because it had a bit of a kick to it.The sauvignon blanc wine I tried was really good and reasonably priced at $8 for the glass. I also tried the Fuji Apple Martini which tasted incredibly fresh (our waitress informed us that they only use fresh fruit for their cocktails...no sugar or syrup additives thankfully) and was priced at $10. One of my friends tried the Strawberry Smash Martini which she really liked. Our bill was $128 which I thought was reasonable given the fact we had 6 alcoholic beverages, 2 small plates, a salad, and 2 entrees.Canal was a chic space and we really enjoyed our dinner there. It is definitely a place I would go for dinner or drinks with my girlfriends.
4	So, I decided on Canal for happy hour this week. The location is great and the venue is very swanky yet comfortable inside. They play obscure videos/fashion runway shows on a giant projection screen in the main dining room. The music was a really good mix from Portishead to Amy Winehouse.When we showed up it was pretty dead. At 5pm on a Wednesday night I was surprised that there were so little people there. They make a damn good Grey Goose martini with blue cheese stuffed olives. I also tried a sip of the pear martini and that was also delicious! They have a whole menu of specialty drinks and although I didn't try any, I definitely was tempted...the Goose reigned on a Wednesday night though. We tried several of the appetizers which I thought were pretty good. My favorite was the Grilled Cheese & Tomato Bisque. The sandwiches came in bite size portions in which you drizzled the Bisque on top...it was lovely. I also really enjoyed the Parmesan Fries. My date ordered the Sweet Corn Cakes which I wasn't a huge fan of. They were a little cold and bland...but I do like lots more flavor than I ever saw that little cake packing. The service was great and the waiters were very attentive to our needs. Plates were cleared and drinks were filled immediately. It obviously had nothing to do with the fact that the place was dead...Ha! This is a great date spot...follow my lead and grab a cozy couch on the patio...the view of the sun set was amazing.
4	Unpretentious trendy spot in the middle of the pretentious downtown scottsdale atmosphere. Beers are 3-5 but it's worth it if you sit on the patio overlooking the canal. The place is very relaxed- Don't think many have found it yet. And the awkward waiters also make you feel comfortable... sorry Steve, you're awkward.
5	I'll never go back again! Not by choice - they will close their doors after Saturday :-(  We have gone here on an avg. of 1x/mth.  I will miss their bar & patio, as well and their unique hand-shaken infused & top-notch martinis.  It's unfortunate we won't be able to experience this hip, chic, high-end bar which had excellent service, GR8 food, and fantastic drinks.  The Prime Rib tonite was awesome, and so was the heirloom tomoatoe & mozzarella salad.  There's now no where to go for effen cherry vodka & fresh squeezed lemondae :-(  WhaaaaaaaaaaaaaH  ..........
