5	We have been extremely happy with NeONBRAND services.  As opposed to other web design companies that we've used in the past, they have been extremely responsive to our needs and actually do what they say they will do.  If you're looking for a RESPONSIBLE web design and SEO company, this is it!
5	I am having a great time working with Kenny and JoSeph, they are very knowledgeable and walked me through exactly what Neon Brand was going to do for me. I'm getting a clearer picture of what SEO is all about.  Thanx Guys! DR C
5	These guys have been building the website for my new company. I have to say we have had a few up's and down's, but that's to be expected when you take on a job this big. I believe they specialize in $500 - $1000 mom & pop basic websites, but have the ability to do $100,000+ jobs as well. I've been working with them on mine for 4 months and we are finally about to go live  (which is right on our estimated time frame). They have worked hard and earned every dime. As with any job like this, there are unforeseen and unexpected issues you find along the way. They are one of the few companies in this industry that stuck too the budget we agreed on and didn't try the usual "Bait & Switch" tactic that runs rampant with programmers. By bait and switch I mean they give you a bid, then once you've invested that money and there's no turning back, the bid doubles because of things they supposedly couldn't have foreseen. Not with these guys, they did the job that was promised and came in right on budget. The one big hiccup was when my main contact suddenly left the company. He had been the one relaying all my needs to the team and giving me the estimates. So when he left and I was handed off to the other partner, it turned out there were quite a few differences between what I was promised and what they were expecting to deliver. But instead of ruining our relationship, they put in the extra effort and completed the job I was expecting on budget. I'm very happy so far with the final product. This site is built to handle millions of users. They also built me a great back end that allows me to control many things that would otherwise cost me a fortune if I had to pay a programmer to go in and make changes to. I would recommend these guys 100% of the time!!!
5	I had been looking for someone to help with my website, namely the design as well as some SEO strategies.  I came across NeONBRAND through MeetUp and attended a meeting there.I was hesitant at first, since the location was in downtown Las Vegas, and that's not really near where my office is, plus that part of Las Vegas can be pretty rough, but hey, its hear the Arts District and I thought I'd give it a shot.Kenny ran the meeting and had experts from other fields as well as other SEO professionals and web design people there.  I learned a great deal about SEO and that the design of my website was critical for good search engine optimization.I was so impressed that I went back again for a Video SEO class and it was even better.  Since implementing some of the techniques that I learned about SEO for both websites as well as my YouTube channel, I've already seen an increase in my view on Youtube, subscribers, as well as visits to my WordPress blog.I would highly recommend NeONBRAND to anyone looking to hire great web designers or someone looking for search engine optimization services in the Las Vegas area.
5	Neon brand are the kind of guys you want for a quality website and seo. Kenny is who we work with for our insurance agency's needs and I get compliments all the time on the look and feel of our site. They have definitely helped take us to the next level. And on top of it all they are great people to work with, the kind of guys you want to see succeed. :)
5	Our company has been working with Kenny from Neon Brand for over a year. They have been assisting us with blogging and other various social media housekeeping.Thank you!Audra Danzak-A Garden Inc.
