5	Went to the grand opening this morning. It was a great experience. Love to see the healthy items on the menu and their website offers Nutrition Facts for all items so if you are going to splurge you know what's involved. The person who helped us, Joshua, was very friendly and he had been there since 3am this morning.  Clean, upbeat vibe, great for Ahwatukee!
5	It's Dunkin Donuts. You have to love it. I had a delicious egg and bacon flatbread, some vanilla coffee and 2 dozen donuts to go for the office. And everyone there was as thrilled as I was.
3	I couldn't resist all the banners and balloons this morning so I made my way to the drive through for and early morning treat. I've never really been crazy about Dunkin but thought they are brand new and it's early maybe I'll get something fresh and tasty. I ordered one chocolate-chocolate donut with sprinkles. The girl hands me a bag with a plain cake donut with chocolate icing and sprinkles, no napkins. I had to throw it in reverse and tell her again I wanted a chocolate donut with chocolate frosting and sprinkles. Bag number 2 contains a chocolate donut with chocolate frosting, but no sprinkles and no napkins. The donut was fresh but it's texture was so weird like rubbery spongy cake, it tasted good after the first few bites but gave me the worst heart burn that I had nearly all day despite the heavy does of zantac and 4 bottles of water. Kind of hard to give stars here I don't hate it, I don't love it, but most likely will not be returning. I just think there are better donuts to be had.
5	How can the best Dunkin Donuts I ever been to be in Phoenix?  I have never met a friendlier staff.  Not like the Shell/DD in Hartford, damn you people in Phoenix are nice.  Got my iced coffee to perfection (even made sure it was so...) Boston Cremes, aya it was so good.  I went back for more (of course, I'm deprived at times) and a manager took over when it got busy, but even had time to chat to me.  Grace under 7.30am pressure.  Fucking unbelievable, but then I'm used to shitty service so what do I know.
2	Not all that good, all things considered.I know one is begging for trouble when visiting a donut establishment 30 min before closing. A lot of the donuts were out of stock, which I have no gripe about. I don't exactly expect them to cook a whole bunch of fresh donuts at night when no one wants them. I do wonder what they do with the leftovers when they close, and two robust older men loitering in the lobby gave me a clue.The whole vibe of the place was "we're closing soon" which bothers me quite a bit. Chairs up on tables, and the counter jockey managing to work the phrase "we're closing soon" into his first sentence to us. Right, I get it. But no, my experience should be the same as the person who came in at 7 am, sorry.We got a dozen donuts from the paltry selection (it doesn't look like even at peak times they have that many different kinds of donuts) and even the ones we ate that same night tasted stale and gross. I got the sour cream donuts and they left a strange coating inside my mouth that took about 12 oz of scalding coffee to wash away. Yuck.The only reason it isn't one-star is because I already somewhat lowered my expectations due to going at night. However, if as a business you don't want to give evening customers a 5-star experience, then just save us all the grief and close at noon.
4	Love this place. Actually, today was awesome, because they usually only offer the "express dozen" through the drive thru, and the kids didn't want to go in, so the dude behind the speaker actually fulfilled my order as I wanted.The only thing that bugs the hell out of me is that they charge for 2 donuts when you get a long john. :-(
4	I've been to this DD several times, drive through and in the store. Coffee is good and doughnuts have always been fresh. They don't have a big variety of doughnuts and they change them constantly. My favorites are the Munchkins aka doughnut holes. My logic is that I get to taste a doughnut without the calories of eating a whole one. Yeah, well, that only works if you don't eat the whole box.....Service has been good, sometimes it even seems they have a lot of employees for such a small store. There's more people behind the counter than customers    Go figures.
5	This place was the highlight of  our 4th of July 2010 San Francisco to Tucson (and back) road trip. Let me tell you that the promise of DD coffee an hour into the drive is the ONLY thing that will get the bf up at the crack of dawn. God bless Dunkin' for it's reliable cup o' joe and good old fashioned donuts! Wish you were in California.
4	This has become one of my favorite places to grab a quick coffee on my way to the office. Their pumpkin spice iced coffee is fabulous. And the prices are so much better than Starbucks, etc.However, the donuts are "meh." I would rather have Krispy Kreme, etc. They do have a croissant sandwich with sausage though that is pretty good.
5	EXTRA BLACK COFFEE!!! That's All..Great DD!  The staff are super friendly and always get my order correct.  I typically arrive as many do during the rush period so the fact that my order yet to be messed up shows excellent service.  Yes, I do order more than black coffee here and there.
2	I am updating my review because even though the coffee is good, the service is really inconsistent. Conversation in the drive thru today:Me: Do you have a special on lattes right now?DD: Ok, so one latte.Me: Are they on special?DD: LAUGHING. SILENCE. LAUGHING. Ya, 99 cents.Me: Ok, I will have one with non fat milk and vanilla syrup.DD: SILENCE. THEN LAUGHING. Ok, latte with splenda.Me: No, latte with nonfat milk and vanilla.DD. Ok boss, anything else?Me: No thank you.DD: Total at the window, boss.DD At Window: That will be $2.63.Me: I thought they were 99 cents.DD: Oh, ya. That will be $1.08.Me: Here is $1.10.DD: Thanks, have a nice day.Me: PAUSE WAITING FOR MY CHANGE.DD: STARES BLANKLY BACK AT ME.Then, I get to my office and try my coffee and there is no vanilla in it. Awesome. So, long story short:1. Professionalism/manners are severely lacking. Also, please do not call me "boss."2. You tried to overcharge me.3. You got my order wrong.4. You did not give me back my change. Granted, it is two cents, but it is still my change.Even though I still think the coffee is good, I may start heading back to Starbucks.
2	First time at Dunkin' Donuts here in Ahwatukee (E. Chandler Blvd) - heck, first time at a DD ever, cuz I just got my free drink postcard for joining the loyalty club. But I won't go back and am sorry now I bought a Groupon-type thing so I still have $10 to spend there. The tall "Lite Latte" with sugar-free vanilla flavoring was by far the worst latte I've ever had, and I've been to literally dozens of different espresso stands in the Pacific NW. Maybe McDonald's lattes are worse, but Starbucks lattes are far, far better. I took one drink, gave it back, and asked for more flavoring. The second time around wasn't any better - I couldn't taste any difference. And the people at the window acted like they were indifferent, bored, amateurs, not there by choice - what a contrast with the bright, cheerful, chipper greeting from a Starbucks barista five minutes later (my hubby wanted his Starbucks, not some DD drink). DD should take some customer service lessons from Starbucks. I'm very disappointed.
5	Always friendly, always focused on YOU the customer. Efficient! And tasty too. Their hot beverages are great. Tried this seasons Pumpkin Latte last night and was surprised at how much it resembled Starbucks! I am a huge Starbucks fan and usually when I get a Pumpkin Latte anywhere else it's less flavorful and pretty watery. This was the bomb! And cheaper too ;)
2	I'm not sure about the other locations as I don't go here very often, but in the 3 times I have tried to go here they are pretty awful.  In all 3 times I have been here they didn't seem to know what was going on and never get my coffee order correct.Maybe the menu is too complicated and there are too many coffee drinks that seem to have different names than all the other coffee establishments in the area.Anyway pretty much anyplace else around here is better than this place.
2	Finally went here to try the Frozen Hot Chocolate so I could compare it to Serendipities (see their review). Was only about 2.00 and tasted pretty much the same as the one at Serendipity. Don't waste your money at Serendipity. I also figured out the difference between a Chocolate milkshake and a frozen hot chocolate: The milk shake is made with milk, the frozen hot chocolate is not, its just ice and chocolate mix kinda like a chocolate slush. That's why you get more chocolate flavor in the Frozen Hot Chocolate. Anyways, now about this Dunkin.... the service was not very friendly. Additionally, we came here around 1:00 on a Sunday and ordered some doughnuts along with the Frozen Hot Chocolate. Needless to say, the doughnuts were not fresh in the slightest. The hubby said they tasted like they had been sitting around since the day before. Needless to say, I was not very impressed and would rather go to Krispy Kreme for doughnuts and if I ever want coffee, I already know that Dutch Brothers is the best with really friendly service as well.
1	Stopped in this morning to get breakfast for my team and got a huge serving of bad attitude from the staff.  This is the first and last time I'll set foot in this place. I'll go up the street to Einstein's where I can get food without the 'tude.
4	Iced hazzlnut with two equals and skim milk rocks.
3	I come here a lot when I'm on this side of town for coffee, muffins and whatnot.  I really do like dunkin donuts, but I don't come to this location often enough.  The past few times I've come in here, its always been pretty busy.  People in the drive thru, sitting at tables, etc.Today I came in about noonish and wanted to read the sunday paper and relax with a muffin and a cup of coffee.  I was here about 30 minutes total and it was a okay.  Seems like this one staffs a ton of teenagers as the last few times I've been in here that's who's helped me. Not that I mind, but a very young high school looking crowd seems to be working the counter.I got my coffee and blueberry muffin and hung out for a while. I got the last muffin!  Already? I figured they'd make a ton more since its sunday and people would want more.  Donuts and muffins were looking pretty hit.  Atmosphere was good, lots going on. TV was on, so was the music and people were hanging out here enjoying their day.  They have lots of tables indoors and out, but after having frequented a few other DD's, this one's not the coziest.  Seems like others I've been to (depending on the location) have a more relaxed atmosphere with cushy chairs giving it more of a coffee house feel that a "hurry up eat and leave" type deal.As long as I'm in the area, I'll surely stop in here again. Not a bad place, just busy with a lot of kids running around, behind the counter and in the dining area itself.
4	We need Dunkin Donuts in California! As for this location, their donuts were fresh and tasty. I'll visit them again when I'm back in the area.
1	Dear Dunkin' Donuts, please stop sending coupons that you refuse to honor.  After working in customer service for so long, nothing enrages me more than being on the receiving end of horrible customer service.  I received a coupon for a free medium beverage (ANY BEVERAGE) for my birthday.  Went through the drive-thru at the DD at 48th St. and Chandler Blvd. in Phoenix, AZ today during my lunch break.  Ordered a medium iced caramel swirl latte, because again, the coupon said ANY beverage.  The guy working at the drive-thru then asked if I was okay paying the difference.  I asked why, since the coupon said ANY beverage.  He then told me it was good on medium hot or iced coffee only.  I then asked why there was a picture of a latte, and he said "that's a coffee."  I told him to turn it over, and he goes "oh, that's just for promotional purposes."  I then told him I didn't think it was right that I had to pay the difference, since the coupon said ANY beverage, but I'll pay it anyway.  He then goes "well, oh well."  Not SORRY for the inconvenience, or offering to have me speak with a manager.  Just "oh well."  I paid the 88 cents and drove off.  Normally, I wouldn't get all worked up over 88 cents, but it's the principle of the matter.  Not only was I treated rudely, but if you're not going to honor your own coupon, then you're practicing false advertising.  I should've asked for a manager.  I also should've mentioned that I worked for a different local DD about 4 years ago and was poised to become an assistant manager before leaving because I was sick of working with jerks like the one who served me today.  Needless to say, I will never go to DD again.  I don't care if they're more expensive - I will gladly take my business to Starbuck's from now on.  At least the gentleman in that drive-thru yesterday was courteous and was willing to have a conversation with me.  Sorry DD, but you did it to yourself.
3	Another quick stop for coffee near work for those days when I'm dragging. Why 3 stars instead of 4? Wish they'd serve their Dark Roast here. Sure, most people drink milkshakes as "coffee" these days, but come on, Dunkin Donuts!  Have at least two roasts for your drip coffee crowd. You say "Friends Don't Let Friends Drink Starbucks", but Corporate Coffee Central is obviously doing something right by having three daily brews going. I'd be in trouble without the Turbo Boost! The Ice Cream flavored coffees were great! Didn't even need cream / sweetener. Wish this place would run some crazy promotion again like they did in 2009 for the Grand Opening: First 100 people to get t-shirts get free coffee for three months. Needless to say, you bet your ass my Mom, sister and I got in line at 3AM for that! :) DO SOMETHING LIKE THIS AGAIN, AHWATUKEE CREW!Not a big donut person; however, every now and then those Chocolate Munchkin Donut Hole Things call my name!
4	My homefield DD spot.  The service is always good and the drive thru is always fast.  This is the opposite of the Dobson location!My dog loves tagging along and splitting an old fashioned with me...it's our Saturday morning thing.
3	I really enjoy their coffee, I only wish that they had a table where you could add your own creamer. They never give you enough.
1	stopped here this weekend, late afternoon, and got some shriveled up donuts.... should have gone to Krispy Kreme!!!
4	Yes, Dunkin has a way to go to attract a higher end clientele, but this Dunkin is pretty good. They are fast and very accurate with processing your order. They are pretty nice most of the time as well. Generally a quick fast coffee donut place. This location gets good marks in my book.
5	Love this location! They always get my order right and super fast line even during the busiest times! Love love love it!
5	A early stop at 4:01 am for a delicious iced caramel coffee with a blast of expresso for that WAKE ME UP moment .. The lady was friendly for being really early and super fast ... Awesome service ..
2	I'm giving Dunkin Donuts only two stars because the morning crew seems to be the problem with this location. I have been here MULTIPLE times, hoping for good outcomes and about 60% of the time, something is wrong with my order. The latest issue: my French vanilla coolata was nothing but creamer! No coffee whatsoever! It was disgusting and of course I couldn't take it back because when I go there I'm on my way to work up in Scottsdale and I don't have time to turn around or call them to complain. Issues with the morning crew are mostly about my hash browns not being thoroughly cooked (there's usually 2 cold ones), but I've even gotten FROZEN hash browns before! What are they doing up there?!I know me, and I know I'm going to go back in the AM because I really love their breakfast sandwiches...but I think I'll wake up at my normal time on my day off for a change (like now at 4:45am) and try them again. That way, if they screw up, I can actually let them know how disappointing their service is, and maybe they can fix that.
2	Being from LA I was excited to try Dunking Donuts for the first time as we currently don't have these donuts here.  I have seen many commercials for them and have heard of people coming back from the East coast rave about them... Well, these donuts are whackness!!  I purchased a chocolate glazed and a regular raised glazed and both tasted like prepackaged donuts one purchases at the supermarket.  I even went back another time on my last day in Phoenix to give it another shot and same thing, this time I purchased a custard filled donut and another raised glazed and they were as bland as the ones I purchased in my first visit here two days earlier.  The iced coffee was OK, but for sure not great.  Maybe I am used to much better and fresher donuts in the numerous mom and pop donut shops found in the LA area.  I would not be surprised if Dunkin Donuts makes donuts that are prepacked and frozen delivered by a corporate supplier. They sure taste like it.
