4	Came in last week and the front staff was very attentive and answered all my questions.  Today is our daughters 1st day and we are able to watch every moment in a room so that parents don't distract them while they learn.For the supercubs class it cost $159 for 1 day a week for 8 weeks.  More for 2 and 3 days a week.  Yes its pricey but she really wants to do this so it is a sacrafice we will make.
5	My daughter loves it here! It's a bit of a drive, but mostly freeway so not too bad. Staff works well with our sometimes crazy schedule, my daughter gets great instruction/training in a caring and supportive environment. Great summer camp. My daughter actually requested it!
5	Wonderful place with great teachers.
4	It's great for gymnastics and all the other programs they offer. I love the auto pay and the parents' night out. They've expanded their free wifi, so it's easier to get online and get my work done. The only knock I have is no reflection of the quality of classes, instructors, and staff, but on the facilities. And, that is they need more bathrooms. When you only have two toilets and many kids, families, and so on needing the bathroom, it gets crowded fast. I always fear for the little ones who have to wait with their tiny bladders....It's minor issue, but it's one that quickly becomes problematic during peak periods. They are growing and they helped the situation with making changing rooms. So, not as bad as it used to be....
5	Ms. Jamie is amazing with my daughter! The front desk girls are awesome! The facility is always clean and inviting! The gym is large and full of tools for the children to learn hands on!!! I love this place. It can become expensive but I refuse to go anywhere else! You get what you pay for!!
4	Great place to start kids up with dance, gymnastics or ballet. I think they are on the expensive side as they move up each class. Staff is friendly despite it's a zoo in the place on Saturdays. However, the gym is safe, clean and the teachers are amazing.
5	I love love love this place! My daughters have been attending since last August and I would never take them anywhere else! My 4 year old started when she was 3 as a cubbie and  has moved up to felines! She has participated in both the winter and spring festival and loves every minute she is there. I appreciate all the coaches and the staff. I have never had any issues with this place. I highly recommend this place for any kind of gymnastics, dance, cheer and karate classes. The gym is always clean, the parking lot can get very packed but if you can make it in the morning sessions on the weekdays it's always slower, not as crowded. Popcorn for $1.00! Parent night out events! Birthday parties! Vending machines for snacks great place!
5	My kids have been using Gymcats for the last 15 years. I have always found the staff extremely helpful and friendly. I like the fact that they put the kids first in all cases and are dedicated 2 gymnastics and the lessons learned when you follow your dreams and work hard. I would highly recommend Gymcats to anyone and often told those who asked that my kids have gained confidence and discipline while attending Gymcats.
