3	Not a bad place but not a great place either.  This was probably the only place my wife and I had been to in Vegas where NONE of the appetizers sounded good so we skipped the whole damn thing and went straight for the entrees.  Not so many choices for entrees on a Thursday night but it has the basic beef, fish, and chicken choices.  I just went with the grilled salmon with tzatzki sauce which was decent and the wife went with the tenderloin/prawn dish which was bigger than expected and pretty good.  The staff was very helpful and friendly but overall it was just an "eh" experience.  We don't plan on coming back here.  Not cuz it was bad or anything...just cuz it wasn't great.  Just so-so.
4	Finding Ceres Restaurant inside the JW Marriott can be a bit of an adventure, especially if you came through a different entrance.  Located in the Spa Tower and nearby the hotel lobby, views from the restaurant include the surrounding garden and pools (not swimming pools).Making our way past the Ceres Lounge and the bar, we were warmly greeted by the host.  Asking if we had reservations (which we did not), we were seated right by the windows.  It was very quiet on this Sunday evening with only another party or two of diners.  As menus graced our table, beverage orders were taken.  Hot bread rolls with cute little butter pads arrived next as we waited for our appetizer to arrive.The BF was immediately intrigued by their Fresh Shrimp "Saganaki" ('Tomato, Kalamata Olive, Lemon, Capers, Feta Cheese' - $14).  He had saganaki once before and really enjoyed it, so he wanted me to try it.  When it arrived, it wasn't quite what he expected.  Saganaki is usually a Greek appetizer that includes fried or broiled cheese.  The cheese is usually flambeed at the table and then doused with lemon juice.  We mentioned to the waiter how it was different from what we had expected, and the waiter said they used to light the dish on fire at the table, but after an incident where a tie caught on fire, they now light it in the back.  Nonetheless, the three chunky shrimps were cooked to perfection and the light sauce complimented the dish quite nicely. The waiter recommended the Rosemary & Garlic Marinated Domestic Lamb Rack ('Ratatouille Gratin, Herb Potato Puree, Sauce Bordelaise - $38), which is what the BF was easily sold on.  The lamb came out beautifully presented, along with a nice side dish of the gratin and mashed potatoes.  The BF enjoyed his perfectly cooked lamb and buttery potatoes.I had the Chargrilled Delmonico Steak ('Confit Fingerling Potatoes, Sauteed French Beans, Natural Veal Reduction' - $34).  It came out cooked the way I wanted it along with a nice offering of potatoes and beans.  The side dishes were ample and very delicious.We were both impressed with the food and the service.  Our waiter was very personable, refilled our beverages without being asked, and offered suggestions as well.  A manager came by during our meal to also check on how our meal was, so they were quite thorough.    We did ask our waiter if they were normally this quiet and he expressed that depending on what functions were being held at the hotel, the pace does change.  The night before, he mentioned, was quite busy while this evening was a very relaxed.  The lighting were we sat was quite dim, which others can deem as quite romantic.  For us, we should have asked to sit under the light because we like to look at our food, but we weren't that anal this time to move.They describe this restaurant as American-style fare with a Mediterranean influence.  It is a bit pricey and wouldn't normally be a place I'd go for dinner on a regular evening.  But I think they can do well for a nice meal out with friends and such.(I posted pics of our dinner in the business profile section!)
1	There were signs, but I tried to ignore them. Always go with your gut instinct as this story will tell you. It started off with the coupon you get in the mail: 3 course meal all for $20.09. It piqued my interest since JW Marriott is not a dump figured why not? We got there and immediately there was no one there on a weekend night When we got the bread basket it was warm and the assortment was good. But after taking a bite out of the cheese biscuit, olive bread, rolled wheat bread, and the rosemary bread the bread's quality was masked by the warmness. It was clearly old, but reheated. YUCK. I started to regret being enticed by the coupon, but decided let's give the food a try. A) Parsnip bisque: Canned soup would have tasted better. There was oil sitting on top of the soup! The flavor was too strong and it didn't have the right consistency a bisque should have. B) Salad: Most decent dish there. You can't go wrong here just need fresh lettuce, which there was a pile of. The dressing was too thick though. It tasted processed. At least the tomatoes and manchengo cheese sufficed. C) Salmon with baby potatoes: Salmon was overcooked and too salty. The other choice was a steak, which I also tasted to make sure I wasn't being too harsh of a critic..the steak was despicable. No flavor, overcooked. D) Dessert: Strawberry shortcake and Chocolate Mousse. Why even bother at this point? But I had to see...the desserts failed miserably too. The only highlight of the night was finding a new wine that I like:  Cupcake Sauvignon Blanc
5	Enjoyed a fantastic breakfast buffet as part of a package with the hotel.  I was very surprised at the selections and food quality.  Being a "pollo-vegetarian," it is sometimes difficult to find a nice array of food--not the case here.  The chef running the omelette and Belgian waffle station was amazing.  The bloody marys we ordered were comped.  Service was relaxed, the views were beautiful, and there were no screaming kids running around.  Can't wait to return.
5	We ate here for breakfast and had the buffet. It was magnificent. The food was fresh and they had a great selection. The omelettes, potatoes, fruit, and steel cut oatmeal were good. They also had a waffle station, various breakfast meat offerings (bacon, sausage and even lox with bagels). The service was good and the view was quite delightful.
3	Was staying here, so came here for breakfast. The assortment of food available was great. You can have made to order omelettes any way you want them. They had french toast, sausage, bacon, steel cut oatmeal (really good with the nature valley bar pieces available), potatoes, pastries, smoked salmon, waffles, etc...etc... The honeydew seemed partially frozen, but they actually separated the pineapple from the other fruits (Thank God!), so kudos to them for doing that. Everything else I had was good. I was surprised that the regular price of breakfast here was ~$20 because nothing stood out as amazing, but for a free breakfast I can't complain.
3	I want to like this place so much more than I can.  I had a few all-day meeting at Ceres years ago and it felt like a nice retreat...as if I had been whisked away to Palm Springs for the day.  I can enjoy relaxing with the waterfall outside the window after all.Went here for restaurant week, because it was the closest thing in a small window of time.  There was nothing too special about the meal, the scallops were overly gritty, the salmon was overcooked, the crab stuffed artichokes were under cooked, and only the desserts were worth coming back for.   Service was friendly, the ambiance is nice...but I would have rather spent my money someplace else.I still decide to come here once a year because of the incredible mushroom risotto I had once upon a time, but after tonight I will think more than twice about that as well.
3	The breakfast buffet lands somewhere between "meh" and "better than you'd expect outside of Vegas."They had some logistical issues with our group (day-after-wedding brunch), which stressed out the organizer (the bride).
4	Attended the very first "First Sunday Jazz Brunch" today.  It was the same wonderful food (along with my favorite omelet chef in Vegas), but it was very crowded and the staff seemed taken aback by the crowd.  The jazz band was terrific (especially the singer).  We had a reservation for 10:30 and arrived at 10:20.  Making the reservation made no difference...we still had to wait in line, plus we were seated at probably the worst table in the restaurant (right next to the kitchen).  I would return again, but would go after 11:30 when the crowd seemed to die down a bit.
1	I've visited Ceres 3 times for the breakfast buffet and 3 for 3 the food was pretty good, but the service was downright awful every time.  Good luck getting the wait staff to notice your existence, and when they do ever bringing you a beverage.  When I finally received a drink I got zero refills, not even a water refill.  The only time I ever had a refill at this place was when I tracked a lady down who was clearing a nearby table and asked her for some water.  She looked at me as if I had caused her a major inconvenience.  I won't be causing any further inconveniences to this restaurant.
3	Not bad at all, but not fantastic.  I attended a nice "Jazz Brunch" today, and the atmosphere was very inviting and relaxing.  The buffet  was good, however the service was a bit slow.  To be fair, I was with a large group of over twenty (20), however the restaurant otherwise was not that busy.
4	Ceres was great!The food setup is a breakfast bar buffet style, but it is all fresh and tasty. Here is a pic of my first plate :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ceres-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#qh8RBbIlsPYRHN-nAL7t3wAs you can see, a little bit of everything.  They have a waffle/omelet station that cooks to order as well, with lots of fresh ingredients like spinach and veggies. Pic of my omelet :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ceres-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#_cvmn0EjU8ouPVN1yBYdQgThe food here is a solid 3-3.5 stars I think...but again, it's a buffet style, so you can't really expect to be blown away.  There is plenty of variety here though, to keep everyone happy.The Jazz lunch is about $19 and is every Sunday.  They have the live Jazz in the background :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ceres-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#JuLSCPAq6A9T7xM8eBnZKAIt is a very classy and home-like feel at the same time. Also, champagne and mimosas for $5!  The champagne is very sweet though...but tolerable for me.  Might be a demi-sec...So for the ambiance and value with the alcohol, I will bump it up to the 4 star review.I'll be back again!
3	I've actually been to Ceres before. I just wasn't sure until I returned for Sunday brunch this past weekend. The selection didn't seem as big this time, but that last visit was a long time ago, so who knows. In any case, the food was good.One thing I do remember being there from last time was the smoked salmon. That was the highlight along with the omelet and waffle station. It's quite expensive for a relatively simple buffet. But if you factor in the live jazz and the relaxing scenery--there are fake waterfalls outside in every direction you turn--the Ceres Sunday brunch is a decent deal.I was hoping to help elevate their three-star rating. Instead, I must go with the current average and say this place is A-OK.
4	In the Mariott Grande Lakes in Summerlin. I was in town for a convention, and since Im a dedicated breakfast eater ( the most important meal of the day!), I was looking for something decent to eat. Boy, did I find it at Ceres! They have a great Breakfast buffet, but since I don't eat a LOT at bkfast, $19 seemed a bit much. The ala carte menu was more my speed and price. I had the Egg white frittata and it was seriously one of the best breakfast dishes I've ever had. Roasted tomato, lots of mushrooms, a few home fries... It was perfect. My wife had the Croissant sandwich w bacon avocado and egg and loved it as well. Excellent service from Monika, too. The only downside was the piano up by the hostess. I wish someone had told the parents of those kids to NOT let them play it. Actually, I just wish the parents themselves had the manners to respect everyone else in the restaurant and make their kids not play the piano. Ugh. Otherwise, a nice, perfect breakfast. But I don't need to hear a piano duet of "Heart and Soul" again for a looong time.
3	After taking in the waterfalls and scenery, and the live jazz, what you have is a pretty basic brunch.  Eggs, pancakes, waffles, bacon, sausages, bagels, all of the basics of a continental breakfast are served here.  Omelette's are made to order, along with waffles/pancakes, but other than that you're getting your food buffet style.Everything was decent, but again, most everything can be found at any hotels breakfast.  Champagne and mimosas were $5 each, which always make for a good brunch.  I haven't dined here for dinner, but if you're coming here for brunch, there are other brunches in the valley to choose from that offer more variety.
3	I can't believe I forgot to write a review for Ceres. I remember every single detail the day I went here for brunch with a group of Yelpers. It was life-changing! From who I sat with, me ending up paying for 2 people, the food, the music...everything. It really helps not getting drunk for brunch!Located inside JW Marriott, the parking situation was a bit of a mess. Some jerk almost ran me over...that was my first memory of him. From that moment on I just knew...Buffet-style brunch was good. There was a waffle station and an omelet station. I stood a long time waiting for my omelet since they gave mine to some old grumpy lady. They have the usual breakfast fare: eggs, hashbrowns, sausages, bacon, Danishes, bread, potatoes, etc. So, for $20+ brunch x 2...this place was just ok.
3	I made the mistake of ordering an omelet off the menu. I think that the buffet would have been a better deal, particularly since they have an omelet making station as part of the buffet!? Oh well. I ordered the asparagus, brie omelet. I thought that the asparagus was a bit tough - probably because it's not asparagus season. Would have liked to see a more seasonal menu. The brie was good in the omelet, but I think that I overall paid about the same had I gotten the buffet. Like others have said, the ambiance lovely, as it is right next to the garden, but I was seated at a table closer to the interior of the restaurant, so I didn't reap all the benefits of the sunlight. Server was nice and polite.
4	My wife and I had the brunch each morning during our stay and it was delish!  You can't go wrong with the omlettes or the breakfast potatoes or the fresh fruit that was prepared everyday.  Service was great and the staff were very friendly.  I'll eat here again.
