1	Why oh why do I even bother with carryout Chinese food? It's bad enough at the mall but still I get lured in. Dumb. Dumb. Dumb. The ones in the malls get me every time when they shove those samples in your face as you walk by. The samples are usually really good but it's never the same when you buy an actual meal.  A couple of times I've gotten chicken at one that used to be in Carolina Place and there were actual beaks in it. I thought it was a tiny crab claw at first. No lie.This review is for Great China in Indian Trail. If you go at night, the "G" and "r" are burned out and the sign says "eat China" instead. Not sure if that's on purpose. After eating there, I wanted to change it around to something obscene. "Great" China! Hahahahaha!I've tried to give this place a chance a few times and the only thing I actually found good were their fried won-tons. Everything else is pretty blah. How can you not @#$% up soup at least? The entrees are stingy on the meat and you're stuck with mostly carrots, water chestnuts, and those little tiny corncobs in a thick almost syrup-like brown sauce. Standard fried rice with peas and eggs and those mysterious pink meat tip thingamabobs.The staff seems a bit disgruntled. Everyone's always angry-sounding when they answer the phone if you call in your order. They're not that friggin' busy....and somebody please tell whoever has their kid running amok in the store that a restaurant is not a day care!Your pal,Walter
2	Ick, Sorry, I did give you 2 stars for politeness.  Food was awful!!
2	Tried this food when in the in-laws wanted to pick up Chinese and come hang out. What a nightmare, food all tastes the same from Chx w/cashews, to beef lo mien, it literally tasted like everything was made in the same generic "Chinese" sauce meant to satisfy the masses. No thanks.....Will be looking elsewhere for Chinese in the Stallings, IT area
3	This place was excellent when I first moved here. It's undergone three changes in ownership. The food got awful, then slightly better, and now it's pretty good. Not as good as originally but really, all the good places keep closing. It'll do for now in a pinch.
2	Phone person has no personality have to repeat 3 times still don't get it right food is ok years ago it was a lot better changed owners 3 times in the last several years
5	I love it broccoli and garlic sauce my absolute favorite. My other half enjoys the honey wings so good. Hands down my favorite fast food chinese restaurant in town. Dont expect any frills just good food and good value
3	We actually like this place. It's close to our house & have never really had any issues with the service or the food. I normally get the chicken lo mein and you get a lot. Granted, this is take-out Chinese. This is not PF Chang's and you are getting what you pay for. We have always liked what we get from Great China. Will say, the menu that is online when you google Great China is incorrect. So you may want to ask the price for what you are ordering to make sure you know what you are paying.
4	Great China has the best Chinese food in town, closest thing to NY Chinese I've found in my 18 yrs here. Always good- previous owner & current. The steamed chicken & broccoli is yum!
