4	I bought a Groupon from this place about a year ago and it was the best purchase ever! I don't usually get spa treatments because I can't afford them. But this groupon was a great deal. It was a facial massage combo. It was incredible!! Not only were both treatments top notch, but both of my girls were SOOO knowledgeable and accommodating to my needs. I have since been back several times, in fact they were my go-to gals for getting my spa needs for my wedding! Love this place!
1	I had an appointment for a massage/facial for Sunday.  AZ Storms came through & Scottsdale was flooded & we were still getting a hard rain!!  It was not safe to drive.  I called Club 810 and explained the situation.  Due to hazardous road conditions I wanted to cancel & reschedule.  The person who answered the phone told me her manager - Angel would call me back.  Well, Angel told me that  I would be charged a $25 cancellation fee because those are the rules.  This was not my choice to cancel the appt.  I was not going to drive in hazardous conditions!    I hope you saw the news last night or read the paper this morning.  Scottsdale got 1.50 inches of rain.  Did you see Cactus Park?  There was a car in the parking lot with water up to its hood.    Sometimes rules are meant to be broken.   You'll lost a customer.....Joan O
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!!   Finally, a business that actually gets the concept of FANTASTIC CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!!!    Pain free laser hair removal!!!!   awesome!The SPA810 staff could not have been nicer from the second I walked in the door to the professional and fabulous skin therapists.   Gorgeous, relaxing decor.  The girl at the front  who likes EXACTLY like Kelly Ripa, was so sweet and kind to me, she really made me feel welcome and answered all of my questions.I had a custom facial too, and felt as though I was at a five star resort-  Katelyn treated me and my skin like a I was a rock star!!!!!!!!  She explained all the products she used and how they will help my skin in the future and in in between my treatments.Prices are so affordable-   it really is affordable luxury!!!   Spa810 told me about their  membership club, I can go every month for my treatment  AND I got six discount coupons for my friends and family to come get treatments!  I love being a member  at this spa and can not wait to go back!!!  SPA810 is onto to something, this place is great! !!!!!!!!!
5	I started getting e-mails from them while I was in Oregon.  There was a summer deal I couldn't resist.  I called them and told them I was out of town and I would love to try them when I was back in town.  Hailey answered the phone and booked me, she was very helpful and nice.  The day of my service I had a wonderful experience.  My facial and microdermabrasion was delightful, I was resting in this cocoon like table that massages you while you get your facial.  After, I got my massage.  I was so pleased with my experience that I talked to Lori and I became a member.   A few days later I bought their deal for laser hair removal, what a deal, 6 sessions for my lower legs for $298.  I had that service done 10 years ago, so I know I am getting a great deal.
5	Bought a crazy good deal on hair removal on Groupon, for this spa not too far from where I live.  Got a pretty good deal, as I bought the Groupon for a small area, which happened to include the underarms, which most packages, underarms are a medium area.  Was able to schedule within a few days of buying my Groupon, and was seen by Katelyn for my first visit.  She was very sweet, and i felt very comfortable right from the beginiing, as she explained everything prior to and during the actual service.  Was checked out quickly and was able to reschedule my next appointment at a convenient time.  Sometime when I try to use the Groupons I purchase, either I feel like the service/product is lacking because of the reduced price, or I feel like I am being treated differently than a full paying client, but that's not how I felt at all here.  I always tip on the regular price, usually more especially if I get really good customer service, which I did from Katelyn.  Can't speak to the effectiveness of the laser hair removal yet, as I've only had 1 appointment, but the customer service deserve's to be recognized.
5	Do not confuse this location with the Spa 810 on Hayden road in Scottsdale! This is the superior location and the one on Hayden Sucks! All of the negative reviews here are directed at the other location.  I have been to both and this place is quality in treatment and customer service.
5	I absolutely love this place! Janelle is awesome. She is the only person i have gone to, and I don't need to try anyone else. I have been going to the location on Scottsdale Rd & Pinnacle Peak for about 2 years now. They are always pleasant on the phone while scheduling appts, very friendly when I arrive and always on time. I have gotten multiple facials with microdermabrasion or dermaplaning. I am addicted to dermaplaning. It does wonders for my skin. I suffered from adult acne and have acne scarring and since going to Spa810 I have noticed much improvement. They offer great monthly specials which I love taking advantage of. During the summer the glacial facial was heavenly! I have never had a problem with any breakouts after any facials and the products they use are wonderful. I haven't gotten around to having any Botox or massages, but when I do I will update my review. Forgot to mention that I appreciate that they don't push you to purchase products. I always wait a few days to make sure my skins responds well and then come back to buy the goods. I would highly recommend this place to anyone.
5	Very friendly, warm atmosphere at this location.. The skill level of the therapists is A One. the laser hair removal is PAIN free.  Massage and facials could,t get better.  It is a must to try.
5	I have been going to this spa for about two years when I originally got a groupon for a massage and facial. I have always gotten wonderful massages and facials. The facials smell wonderful too. The staff is very friendly and helpful. They have great deals when you are on their mailing list! I wish I could go more often but I live about 45 minutes away. :(
1	Ugh! I bought their 6 month club membership and they will not stop billing my credit card after I cancelled. The place is okay, nothing great, but this whole situation has completely turned me off on them. I cancelled because I could not get them to respond to a request for an appointment. They didn't answer the phone or return an email when I called in for a monthly appointment.  I don't go to these strip mall "spas" anymore. I just go to a doctor's office for this type of treatment...it is so much better quality and the price is about the same. I also do not like their massage person here. I had a very poor quality massage once. The facials are fine, but honestly, I get better quality results from a doctor's office that uses medical grade stuff.
5	I love love love spa 810! From the moment you walk in you feel like you're special. Daniella always remembers my name and is so friendly and genuine. The owner Lori is in a lot and makes sure to chat and greet everyone! You can tell they really care. They have a really awesome deal for your first time it's $49 for a massage or facial! I am of course hooked now. It's a must try. Oh, and the owner also sends monthly specials to your email if you provide it. Love this gem!
4	Great family owned spa!  I am a member and try to get a monthly massage and facial.  The staff is very professional and I always feel great after my services.  I like the product lines they carry as well.  I recommend the spa.  The reasons I can't give 5 stars is that I often have trouble seeing my massage therapist of choice without many weeks advance apt, and had one bad massage experience ( with a therapist who apparently doesn't work there anymore...yay)  I also wasn't told to shave prior to my first laser hair removal apt.  Overall great staff, service, and products
5	Thought about trying this place for a long time...so glad I finally did!  I first purchased the new customer special of facial & massage for $98.  Both services were fantastic.  Yolanda (the massage therapist) gave me one of the best massages I've ever had..andI've been getting massages for over 30 years.  Jenelle did a terrific facial....it was relaxing, educational, and my skin looked great.  No high pressure sales here for products or treatment which is refreshing.  They use quality products and the technicians not only know what they're doing, but they are friendly & welcoming. The owner clearly understands customer service..in fact, she could teach a  lot of other businesses a thing or two, LOL.  Pricing is very reasonable...unlike dermatologist offices and the so-called "med-spas. I bought the once-a-month package for $59 (per month) and it's so worth it...plus,it keeps me on a schedule of doing good things for my skin.  Readers....please don't confuse Spa 810 (on Scottsdale Rd. & Pinnacle Peak) with Body Solutions in the Hayden Peak shopping plaza....that place is the one getting the awful reviews....NOT Spa 810.  Just had my second facial with Jenelle...again, it was wonderfully relaxing and my skin is glowing!
5	Wonderful and so incredibly relaxing. Products are amazing!! Prices can't be beat!  You will leave feeling relaxed. The pods are simply amazing.
5	I can't tell you how much I loved my massage/facial experience at spa810! The staff, ambiance and services were so much MORE than I expected. They truly give you a wonderfully unique spa experience.I especially loved the facial, being in a full body pod was so unique. The facial was customized to my unique skin needs and I learned so much from the VERY knowledgable aesthetician, Kristy, whom I highly recommend. This will be very hard to beat at any spa or Dr's office.
3	I still think this Spa offers a great quality massage & facial, with friendly staff & owner!However...Spa 810  sent out a Christmas email offer of "two for one" on $$ spent...in other words, "spend $100, get $200 in services" (at "regular" prices).  What that turns out to be is:  I will now pay DOUBLE ($98) for a service I typically pay $49 for as a" monthly member"!  Members pay $59 per month for a massage OR facial; an additional monthly service (of a massage or facial) would then be charged at $49.Utilizing the $500 worth of (BOGO) "credits" I was given as a GIFT (giver paid $250), will now cost them (me) $98 per facial or massage (deducted from the gift applied to my account). So, instead of getting the anticipated 10 treatments, I will receive 5!Yes, "at regular pricing" was stated in the email but I obviously didn't understand it; I just wish that SPA 810 had perhaps let us members (and their wonderful gift givers) know that this "BOGO" is ONLY a bargain if one is NOT already a member . I still love you Spa 810.....but this was an unfair "deal" (for Members)...and I feel a little beaten up right now.  Guess I need a massage :-)
