3	For a short 2-day work event hosted in the Marriott Executive Park, I consumed all my meals at the Birch Restaurant & Bar.  While eating here exclusively wasn't kind to my per diem, I didn't much mind.  The staff was fantastic.  Not only did the bartender comp me a coffee on a difficult morning, the maitre d' bounced a spectularly drunk and handsy (and slightly racist) convention dude from our table.  It was great. The chicken mac and cheese made for a quick, though nowhere near lo-cal, dinner.  It never put me in a food coma which is an amazing feat for such a large mac and cheese dish.  My colleague ordered the chili but had her fork firmly planted in my dish.  For dinner the following evening, I ordered the shrimp and grits. That plate was cheesy and full of flavor.  I recommend sharing it with someone because it ended up being too much for me to eat.I intended to order the Mint Julep but they were out of mint. Instead I had the Moonshine Martini, that I would only recommend if you're looking to strip the paint off your car.Overall the experience was relaxing and a pleasure for a hotel-based restaurant.
1	Worst hotel restaurant menu I have ever seen. They're trying to be all fancy and almost nothing looks appetizing. Very disappointed.
2	Overpriced & under delivered.  I had checked the reviews of this place prior to my arrival.  I was going to avoid but some others from my same event had eaten here the day before & said they enjoyed so I decided to give it a try.  Tonight was my 1st of 3 nights at the hotel. I went downstairs to get an order to go so I wouldn't have to wait on room service.  I ordered the Birch Crab Cake Sandwich with sweet potato fries ($13), the Tomato Bisque ($7) & the Chocolate Lava Cake ($8).  The sandwich was described as "Lump crab cake pan seared & topped with spicy remoulade Served on a Kaiser roll". While the crab cake was decent, it was just barely cooked, definitely not 'pan seared'.  But the worse part was it was naked on the roll, missing the spicy remoulade.The soup was a cup size for what most charge for a bowl.  They didn't have any take out bowls so they gave it to me in a to-go coffee cup, which I was fine with but it was cold. Hoping for a desert that would redeem this sorry excuse for a dinner I also got the Chocolate Lava Cake.  Another disappointment.  A lava cake is supposed to have a molten center.  This was dense and dry.I will not be eating there again at any point during the remainder of my stay.  If you stay here & do not have a car, the Chilli's down the street would be better than here or even ordering from Papa John's.  The Marriott Hotel Chain should be ashamed and embarrassed that this restaurant is in a building baring it's name.PS- Was told that if you catch the shuttle driver & asked nicely he'll drive you down to the light rail station (8/10 of a mile from the hotel).  Take that into Uptown Charlotte for a vast assortment of places that are well worth the extra effort.Update: After sending a link to the Yelp page for the restaurant, including my review, thru Marriott's customer service section of the website, I received an email and a follow up with the Manager of Food & Beverage for the hotel, including a fruit basket and a letter of apology left in my room.  While I was impressed with the follow up it didn't change the meal.  For the effort in follow up I have upgraded my review to 2 stars. So, if you are going to eat here it's at your own risk. BUT if you have any problems ask to speak to Stacey.  She will listen and try to make it right.
