4	I had an hour to do souvenir shopping, and headed straight to Old Town. I knew I was an easy mark as a tourist, and knew I'd likely be taken for a ride. Still, the folks at Royal Palace did a good job of making me feel reasonably intelligent. From a generic interest in turquoise, Louranz and Elizabeth walked me through several cases of jewelry and helped it narrow my search down to exactly the piece I wanted. Did I get a good price? I have no idea. But I liked what I got for what I paid, and didn't feel fleeced.
4	I was actually pretty damn impressed with this place.I was looking for an engagement bracelet with my partner (don't laugh; I don't really like rings, so will save that for the actual thing), and was getting discouraged. Everyone either had the bracelet I liked but with the wrong clasp, or had another I liked for an outrageous price. Royal Palace had the bracelet I like, came down to an AMAZING price, and changed the clasp for me while I waited. How's that for service?They have an amazing selection of all sorts of jewelry (including some beautiful Stars of David; I may be back for the holidays!), and most of it was quite reasonably priced. My partner said she'll be back to get me matching earrings or a necklace for our anniversary :)  Worth checking out!
1	I paid $54 for a so call sterling silver and turquoise ring on my way to a baseball game.  During the game I noticed that my ring finger was turning black.  I returned to the store after the game (couple hours after I had bought the ring) and expressed my disappointment and asked for my money back.  I was treated very rudely.  Not only did the manager not give me my money back, he threatened to call the police, called me a crazy woman and ordered me out of his store.  I've bought a lot of jewelry in my life and I've never had anything discolor my skin.  And I've never dealt with a jeweler who didn't stand by his merchandise and try to keep his customers happy.
1	The owner is a jerk.  Don't shop at Royal Palace. Found earrings one day, went back to get them the next day and the owner's price was $20 higher. Called him on it, heard him accept my price, yet he ran my credit card at the higher price. I told him I wasn't  paying that price. His clerk put a refund through and he essentially dismissed me from his store. No compromise on price or I'll find you something in your price range. What happened to treating customers with courtesy?
1	I purchased a ring there in Feb 2014 was told it was diamond chips and garnets.  Went to have it appraised this week and it is not diamond chips.Just got of the phone with the owner who is the most rude and insulting person I have spoken to in a long time!!  After, I explained my side...he began yelling me, calling me stupid, making it clear he wasn't going to reimburse me and hung up on me.  Really!!??!!
