4	This is a well-managed IHOP that can get pretty busy on weekend mornings. The service I received was great even though our server had quite a few tables. There are lots of families that come eat here, so don't forget to mind your language around the kids and the elderly.I had a BOGO free meal coupon from my Las Vegas Entertainment Book and they accepted it happily. *saving money dance*Also, kids eat free every day after 4:00 PM. This was true when I checked on 05/26/10. IHOP is classic and a great place to eat! Their crepes are my faaaave.
5	Excellent food and service at a reasonable price.
3	When it comes to Pancakes, I'm a simple guy.  Give me some traditional Buttermilk Pancakes and I'll be a happy camper.  That's what I get 99% of the time I come to IHOP.  This location is in the middle of Summerlin, next the the gym I work out at.It's one of the nicer locations in town as they've kept it clean and comfortable.  The employees here are always friendly and I've never had any issues with the service.  It gets really busy on the weekend, so I normally come here with the family on a weekday morning.Will I return?  You bet.
2	I stopped here with a  neighbor yesterday around noon and I forgot the two rules of IHOP.  Rule #1:  Never get anything other than breakfast.  Rule #2:  Don't forget Rule #1.I almost ordered some pancakes but at the last minute I changed my mind and ordered their new turkey and bacon club sandwich.  It's not really a club and had I read the menu I would have seen that it was on a grilled roll.  Misnamed product I'd say.  The disappointing thing about the sandwich was that the turkey was sliced lunch meat, not sliced turkey.  It was an ungainly sandwich and the innards squeezed out as I ate it.  The redeeming part of lunch was the seasoned fries--seasoned mostly with salt, but then I'm a salt freak, so I thought they were great.Service was OK.  After we got our lunchers, we realized the server forgot to give us napkins or silverware.  Unable to flag anyone down, we walked to another table and took theirs.I haven't been to an IHOP in a couple of years, but if I return, I'll remember Rule #1 --- or #2.
4	I really like IHOP. Maybe it's because it conjures up fun high school days and it's become a post-hangover destination, regardless, I enjoy coming here every so often. I love this particular location because the service and food have consistently been good. The place is clean and they provide outdoor patio seating for nice sunny days. I usually order the garden omelette and Harvest Grain 'N Nut Pancakes. My omelette was not greasy and the vegetables were surprisingly uber fresh. The pancakes were amazing. However, they forgot to ask me what type of compote I wanted and they didn't add whip cream but I think it actually made the dish better. I could taste the flavor of the nuts and whole grain. All I needed was some simple butter and syrup. It was heavenly and I cleaned up that plate. And to end our meal, it was my co-worker's birthday and our waitress made a sweet gesture of bringing out a plate of cake and ice cream for her. I love IHOP and sorry I'm not sorry, foodies.
4	Amazing pancakess!
3	If you are gluten intolerant, this is one of the rings of Hell. They put wheat in EVERYTHING, from expected things (well, expected by us who try to avoid it) like the gravy and salad dressings, to totally stupid places like their egg dishes. They will accommodate, but you must be very diligent.That said, the staff is here tends to be fabulous. They are always in a good mood and smiling. They've been very helpful to our Toastmasters club, which meets in the back banquet room.
1	I love IHOP but this location is the worst!We will never ever be back. Except when we have people who want to take us there and even then we will suggest somewhere else.The tables are filthy and the floor looks like it hasn't been vacuumed in ages.While were there on 2 different occasions our food was served wrong and there were other customers complaining about the same thing. The servers stand there and gossip while your glass is empty. When I got up to leave my purse was stuck to the seat that had syrup and straw wrappers on it.They are usually empty I don't see why the servers stand around gossiping instead of getting the orders right or cleaning something.I do not recommend this location to anybody!Red Rock Station isn't that far or Bagel Cafe if you are looking for a great breakfast.
5	A great place for a quiet business meeting (that's why I was there). They always have new and wild items on the menu that are worth a try. And I shouldn't forget the classic buttermilk pancakes. Don't forget great prices. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	Jaun is the best server! He is soo sweet and always give my boys extra chocalate chips with their pancakes!  This IHOP replaced my old breakfast spot in Chicago and really did a great job, everyone is always pleasent when we go and they give extra attention to my kids to really make it a great family experience for us.  And of course their food is the same everytime just as you would expect from IHOP.
2	One server.  Food was cold.  Screaming kid.  Bad news
1	Worst IHOP I have ever been to and will never come back too! We were sat down immediately but Abel, "our supposed waiter" didn't even greet us for 30 minutes. He took our order which took 40 minutes to arrive to our table and it was not even cooked, half burnt, half undercooked! What awful service and disgusting food! We finally left after almost two hours of our time wasted. Don't waste your time at this location.
3	Met a friend for lunch here yesterday. We came here as I had a coupon and it is close to where I work. We were seated right away. It did a while for the server to come over, but once he did it was rather quick service. I ordered the fried chicken. And to my surprise it was pretty good. The chicken was moist, the skin crispy and crunchy, good flavor. it was way too much food for one person. Took half back to work. My friend had the German crepes and loved them. All in all a good enjoyable lunch. I would go back.
1	absolutely filthy. the sullen, zombielike boy cleaning the outdoor tables came out no more than four times, staring at the dirty table next to ours, moved some things around, went back inside carrying nothing with him, came back out repeated the whole process, this went on for about thirty minutes before it occurred to him that he might want to actually prepare the table for the next guests. the chairs were covered with bird excrement, when i asked the young man to wipe off the chairs and not worry about our table, he looked at me with total confusion. the bathrooms were disgusting, i don't want to think about what the food prep area looked like. everything tasted ok and none of us are in the hospital with food poisoning, so i think we all dodged that bullet. it's an ihop, don't go in expecting a lot in the way of food and you won't come out disappointed. the two hostesses and our waitress, erma, were all excellent. very nice, prompt, attentive, had it totally together. unfortunately the place is so filthy we won't be going back again and the health dept. should probably pay a little visit in the not - so - distant future.
1	Was waiting their with my boyfriend for almost 10 minutes until we got seated. The place was empty the hostess didn't even bring me a menu. We just walked out worst ihop ever.
3	Ok...   So it is IHOP not gourmet faire..  But this one is always clean.  Has exceptionally good service and generally just at the top of the IHOP food chain.   Once in a while I just want a full breakfast... For dinner!   This is my " go to"
5	Today was my first day that I've been to this IHOP, and I'm happy to say that I'm a big fan of this franchise. I tried and tried to think of any cons about this place, and I can't. The servers were really nice and the food didn't take too long to come out. The place is nice and clean. There are TVs here where you can watch the game(s). It's great! One of the BEST IHOPs that I've ever been to! Definitely eating here again with my little one.
5	This is a great family restaurant . Family and I eat here often and makes a great Sunday breakfast .
1	My family loves IHOP... But how the hell you can run out of pancakes at a frickin IHOP!!!
5	Most I ihops I get dragged along to look sketchy as hell and kind of give off that dirty murder scene look in a movie. This Ihop was super nice and clean. Lots of natural light and the staff were really nice. I ordered the crispy chicken salad and it was delicious! The plate was bigger than my face and my hunger was definitely satisfied. My drinks were refilled attentively and I didn't even have to ask for another glass or anything. I recommend not going during the rush hour on weekends, usually around brunch time though. It gets crowded and hectic inside. Loads of people and kids. I like going in the afternoons to mid afternoons. The booths by the windows are open and it's nice to look out. Overall a pleasant experience dining here.
2	food is what you'd expect from IHOP nothing wrong with that. Restaurant always clean. We have had issues with service every time we've been here. Many of the employees are clearly VERY unhappy to be here and I've felt like an inconvenience everytime instead of a guest. If you hate your job folks, go find another one. no reason to make everybody feel unwelcome
4	Always a favorite no matter where I am.  Had a late dinner with my cousin and we couldn't decide between chicken or breakfast - so we chose iHop.  Because of the area they aren't open super late but it hit the spot.  He got the chicken and waffles, my uncle got the BLT and I had the breakfast sampler.  Even though they were closing up as we were finishing we didn't feel rushed.
4	I've had my fair share of food missteps here, but this IHOP's saving grace is its ambience. The facility feels clean, modern, spacious, and (yet also) homey - it is a surprisingly peaceful respite from its more chaotically busy competitors, and leaps and bounds better beyond any other IHOP I've dined at.For years I've come here on weekdays (avoid the weekends) for a simple sit down lunch or dinner with family or friends. Over that time, I've had decent breakfast and diner food + friendly service that I'd highly recommend.
