3	Alison B. sums up all the great things about this unique store - and I would return if I was looking for a unique gift for any female friends of mine.However, when I went in on a Sunday I was 1 of 4 women in the store.  The man working was chatting it up with the 3 other women who turned out to be together, and once they left he had a seat and didn't say a word to me as I browsed.  I walked out after several minutes of silence.
5	I love this place. They always have the perfect classy giff. Fair priced. Friendly. Merchandise is always in fashion and on the pulse of what is "in". When I go shopping for a giff I always walk out with something extra for myself.
5	Wow!  So fun!  if you can't find a gift for a gal pal HERE you can't find it anywhere!  I wandered in looking for a Grad gift.  Found that, PLUS a gift for a wedding and a new Mom!  Bling and handpainted stemware and fun chatchke"s. Price range is whatever you are willing to spend - I was super happy with my selection and stayed IN budget  I LOVE this place.  My new to-to for gifts!  Check it out or it will be gone!
5	Urbayn is just that...cool, chic, fabulous gift place. They have wonderful purses, pocket books, IPAD covers. I just bought a wonderful roll on tote bag. Totally fabulous. The staff is wonderful. They wrap everything lovely. You won't be sorry you checked it out.
5	My favorite gift shop in town. Fun inexpensive, yet great quality merchandise and very friendly staff. It's always a great day when I can shop at Urbayn.
5	So, you're in need of a gift for someone special eh?Definitely hit up Urbayn in the Casa Paloma shopping center. I've found everything here, gifts for bachelorette parties, gaudy drinkware for 21st birthdays, heck I even found an adorable mother's day gift for my Mom one year! Love all the painted wine glasses and other wine-related gifts for the wino in your life.If you're puzzled where to begin, the staff is friendly and more than willing to help you out. Don't be afraid to ask for help! Urbayn is a fun shop.
1	I'm shopped in  the store for years and bought hundreds and hundreds of dollars of merchandise and went in there to purchase something that I had bought previously that I had lost and because of my card being compromised for fraud I was going to write a check she says we don't  so take checks so I guess I wont be buying from this store anymore. What a disappointment. Very poor customer service for a long time customer
