4	I have eaten here at least 4 times now, and the food each time was superb.  In the back of the Korean Grocery store, they have a very small restaurant with about a half a dozen tables.  I believe it must the only place left in Charlotte that serves Korean food.  The last time I was there, I had the most delicious Korean Seafood Pancake that had plenty of tasty scallops. Their spicy BBQ pork is also very good, although the spicy BBQ squid was too spicy for me to handle.
4	My martial arts instructor, Grandmaster M.K. Kim, who is from South Korea took me here for lunch and I was surprised at how good their food is.  When you walk in it's actually in the very back of a Korean grocery store and it is a tiny room with about 4 tables and a counter with a small window that you order from  They have pretty much all of the traditional dishes but I've only tried their galbi and bibimbap so far.  Both dishes were very good and are served with a few different side dishes.  Usually kimchi, soup and a couple other different vegetables.  I noticed a lot of people were ordering take-out which is probably what they normally do but if you want to sit down and eat there and don't mind being in such a tiny restaurant, check this place out!
3	We got the jampong (spicy seafood noodle soup) and the al tang (codfish roe soup) here late Friday night.  The place closes at 10pm and we got here a little past 9.  The kitchen staff had already cleaned up and was reluctant to fire everything back up, but it was understandable considering the time and the fact that place was already empty of customers.The food was delicious.  We tried to eat quickly, but the lady kept reassuring us that we could take our time.  I liked that it was in a grocery store, but sadly we didn't have time to look around.  The menu is extensive considering the restaurant was an add-on to the store.  Their kimchi was superb!
5	THis is the best Korean place in Charlotte.  It's located on the side of a Korean market.  Its run my a nice Korean family and each dish is prepared with nothing but love.  There isn't a bad thing on the menu.  The people who run this place are so kind and sweet and have a great spirit.  I wish I knew of this place before I wasted my money at Cho Won Garden.  The food is much better and half the price.  We got a small Pancake (which is huge) and 2 big bowls of soup and kim chee assortment which comes with everything for less than $25.  I love this place.  Once you try this place you won't go anywhere else.
5	I found this place on a whim just looking online to see if there was korean food anywhere in the charlotte area. I'm glad I did, the people there are so nice and the food is great.  Its a bit of a drive for me but that's worth it for the food and atmosphere there.  I also took a look at the market and can't wait to go back.
4	So fulllll.I always zoom by this house of deliciousness on the dreaded drive to Wilmington, "tryin to get out before the traffic hits" or "annoyed at all the stoplights lets just get home dammit" so I've never stopped.Stupid.Store is full, cheap, and has decent produce. Front door is to the side, don't be nerdy me all scrambling to get in, just head for the green awning.Obviously Korean in emphasis, with random Jap and Chinese sauces, dumplings, etc (some Viet products as well). Prices were consistent with Super G + Asian Corners. 15 pound bags of rice for cheap. Bags of chili powder, enough to throw a pillow case over and sleep on, 5 bucks.But the real fun is to be had down the mysterious hallway, "restaurant" sign draped across the door, smells wafting out, battling the dried fish and pickly aromas from the shelves and freezers. Hmm, sesame. Oooh, I hear something sizzling. Big, printed vinyl menu hung sideways, so you have to stoop and stick your head through the window to place an order. Either these guys know exactly how to slay the hole-in-the-wall loving crew or they're a little nuts. Let's go with the latter.So there's Soondubu, there's BiBimBap, there's fried noodles and fried rice, vegetarians. Pretty sure there's no fried tofu in this joint, only super silky soft. She knew what I was talking about I-no-eat-animals-wise and listed the things they'd leave out to properly fill my order (with a slightly sad face, like she thought I was missing out, awesome). And I get more stew than I can possibly, ever eat, complete with pickles of every type - a mild kimchi, sprouts, sweet yam, and not one but TWO poached eggs, gooooood god. Small cup of white rice. I couldn't stop, and now I need a nap.Love ya PePe.
5	I haven't actually eaten at the restaurant, but the groceries and prices are awesome.  I can't tell you how stoked I am to find a korean grocer here in charlotte!I read some funny reviews for this place.  A word of warning.  If you are strictly vegetarian, I am convinced that something will get lost in translation, and you will likely be eating some sort of animal product, probably fish.  Even though you ask for the meat to be taken out, the concept of vegetarian is disturbing for Korean cooks.  I have watched many a vegetarian eat dishes where they asked all meat to be removed, and watched them eat the results which clearly had once breathing protein.  However,  they enjoyed the dishes so much, i didn't have the heart to tell them what they were actually eating.  I hope I don't go to hell for that.Anyway, I bought some frozen mandoo and kimchee, and they both taste great.My next project is to cook a korean meal with products from this store.  I will update this review with the recipe's and results.  Probably next month.
5	I was in such a long withdrawal of authentic Asian food that eating at PePeRo deserved 5 stars! I would give it 10 even for being so close to where I live!Moving from LA to Charlotte is quite an adjustment, especially when it comes to the food scene. And PePeRo is now my saving grace.I ordered the Bibimbap and cleaned every speck of the bowl, the miso soup, and ALL the sides. Mind you, I'm a little 5 feet Asian girl.In summary, it's good ol' Korean home cooking and as a bonus, there's a small grocery store attached where I can conveniently do my Asian shopping!
4	What a wonderful little korean grocery store. So glad I found it. The prices are good, love the little gift section, restaurant is so-so, and selection is not bad. Took off a star because both times I went there, they ran out of economy size kimchi. Wtf? Not acceptable for a korean grocery store. Would be like a pizzeria not offering small or medium pizzas.
4	Awesome authentic food.
5	The only place in the Charlotte area that has good Korean food. Service is good, prices fair and good is hand-made in the kitchen. That's quality, right there! I go here at least once a month. I wouldn't be able to survive without it.
5	As if 2011 hasn't sucked enough, I find that my favorite Korean restaurant has closed. No more Kojan Bistro! So freaking devastating. Where will I go for my Korean fix? Why are there so few Korean restaurants in Charlotte? And why are they all in Matthews?Sure I've tried Chowan Gardens, and they're ok, but what I call Asian for white people.So I've ventured into PePeRo, and am much happier person now. They must have had a recent renovation, because the infamous counter with the sideways menu is gone. Or maybe I just couldn't find it.  There is now a nice looking dining area, with about 12-14 tables. Also a television or two, and table side service, which was more than adequate. I would have preferred an actual glass of water, as opposed to the coffee mug with minuscule amount of ice.  The food was just fabulous. The banchan is my favorite part of the Korean meal, and these did not disappoint. The garlicky cabbage and daikon kimchi, bean sprout salad, fish cakes, and radish salad were all delicious. Would have loved to had another variety in the lineup, but ask and they will replenish whatever banchan you would like. The short rib soup and bibimbap were yummy, and prices were very reasonable.5 stars for Charlotte, maybe 4 stars for LA; but I can't afford to fly out to LA for my Korean fix all the time. This is all Charlotte has and I'm grateful for it.
4	They've remodeled so there's more places to sit! But I think they might have raised the prices. :/
3	I'd give 4 1/2 stars (my max) to the spicy seafood soup but only two stars for the dining experience, sorry but I find it awkward to rate this place.The bad: the place was empty, way too brightly lit, the menu wasn't much help and neither was the lovely lady who served me. She smiled and laughed readily, very pleasant but I don't speak Korean and she doesn't speak English. Like I said awkward. I've rarely had Korean cuisine and the menu well.. It says every dish comes with two sides, when I asked "mama" - I'm pretty sure she's the mom in the family- she looked at the menu up and down and finally pointed me to the appetizers. Included? No, extra. Ok so what's included? Sorry nothing. This made me laugh. At $9 for a large bowl of seafood soup I wasn't about to complain.When the food finally came out she brought THREE side dishes with it. Kimchee and two other spicy/fermented/ marinated treats. One was a type of radish, the other one I have no clue, some citrus maybe but everything was tasty and fun to nibble on. And she gave me refills too!The spicy seafood soup was really excellent with a smoky, peppery taste and spicy just right for me. Now this is going to sound weird but if you ignore the noodles it actually tasted closer to Cajun than to Asian. I guessed Korean style curry but "Korean spices" was the only explanation I could get.I'm looking forward at trying other dishes but I'm not to keen on having dinner there. Hopefully they deliver or do take out. Oh yeah, $9 and I couldn't even finish it.Come to think of it I wonder if it's open for dinner tonight ;-)
5	Decided to visit PePeRo for Jam bong (excuse my spelling) on a trip to Charlotte.Update, There are more seating in the restaurant part now, at least 14 tables for 4. We ordered the Jam Bong, seafood pancake, udon noodle soup, and friend squid over rice. All the food was excellent, the soup broth was rich in taste, though it was very red, it was not really spicy (the only downside). The fried squid came in a really nice bbq sauce, and it was obvious that the ingredients were fresh. The side dishes were yummy too, fresh kimchi ftw.In short, PePeRo offers great food and even better price!!!
4	I just gave 4 stars to a dinner in an empty dining room lit up like an operating room?? Yeah like I said awkward plus once more I was the only customer. Oh well. Tonight the waitress was the daughter, on one hand she speaks fluent English, on the other she didn't know anything about the ingredients. "I'm not a cook" - no you're a teenager, that's ok. There's a new menu with pictures which helps a lot.I ordered the bin ban whatever hot pot. I got a feast - check the picture out.  I did pour on the sauce liberally time and again but I could barely finish as I went through the layers from the fried egg on top to the caramelized rice on the bottom. Plus soup and five side dishes  and all the excellent tea I could drink and all of it  for $10. What's there not to like? Ah yes maybe I'll bring them a paper lamp from Ikea for ambiance next time. Plus grandpa was asleep and snoring behind the cash register. Sweet dreams old man. Lots of good stuff in the not-so-mini-mart as well. Great food and cheap, awkward dining place. No deliveries and for take out I was told to take a place-mat - which doesn't have the phone number on it. I'm sure they'll get their stuff together some day.  Or possibly not.
5	Pepero, You are the Best!! Seriously I'm really really amaze that none of the Charlotte Magazines have try here(maybe it because Charlotte only care about appearance rather then quality), because the really deserve best korean restaurant of Charlotte ! Its so good that it my tradition to go eat ( and shop) here ever Sunday!! Yep your heard me, EVERY SUNDAY!! They're service is awesome and they're food is the BEAST!! soo good! Love you Pepero Family!! xox
5	We found this place after our fave [ kojan bistro ] closed down. My wife is the true aficiando of Korean cuisine and we decided to try Pepero the day we discovered Kojan had shut down. What can I say we both needed fix. Suffice to say we were glad we did. This is a small family run place in back of a small grocery, much like one would find in Korea. Great food at good prices, well worth the drive across town.
5	More Seats!  Now TWO Dinning Rooms!  Enter Through the Asain Food Market! The New Dining Room has about 42 seats and the other dinning room is still open too! Korean Ribs are a favorite Dish of mine!  Not only a Korean Favorite, a Favorite for all cuisines!  The Service here is GREAT, everyone is very friendly and helpful!  The guy helped me last time, had good recommendations, even recommended that I not get certain dishes!The Ribs are my Favorite!  The Spicy Stir-Fried Squid is another favorite.  The Sauce is incredible, the Secret in the sauce is FIRE!  Real Fire put in the Pan!  That is what he told me and I believed I could taste it! !! !!!  That does not mean it is too Hot... While it is "Spicy" it will not be too hot for almost all of my friends (you know what I mean right?) and almost hot enough for POPROCK LOVE!  Speaking of Love!  This is a GREAT place to fall in LOVE and makes my "Lookalota"!I have also enjoyed: BBQ Pork and another Beef dish!  I took a few photos you can check out if you like!  The Kimchi here is very good, a little spicier than most places (I have only been to four Korean Restaurants).  The other "extras" are very good too! The Fish Cakes are the only dish of the "extras" I do not care for in any Korean Restaurant.When dinning in an Asian Restaurant I LOVE it and take it as a HUGE Compliment when the servers do NOT offer any utensils other than Chop sticks and a spoon for soup!  I imagine they may have forks though I have never seen any, most of the patrons I see here are white and I notice everyone has chop stick skills!This is Two reviews in ONE - Part 2 is for the Market!  For the size that it is they have a nice variety of Candy and some other things I have gotten every brand and flavor of Mochi (help I did not spell Mochee right) they carry!
5	We had the "Bul Nak Jeon Gol" (beef & octopus  with vegetables in casserole, and Mandu. This is the best Korean dish I've had! .
3	I like their food but there are some annoying flies bothering us.
4	Just very tasty Korean dishes here. Bibimbop, jap chae, savory short ribs, and plenty of refillable free app plates (I can never remember what the properKorean word for them is). It's not as cheap as I'd love, and the restaurant... well its in a grocery store so ambience isn't the order of the day but the food is quite tasty.
4	This place is pretty decent. It's attached to the back of a Korean grocery store, which makes it pretty interesting.  The only problem I have with it is the small portion and relatively high pricing when compared to other Korean eateries in town. The food is good though. I've had the Kalbi, and the Jang Bong Noodles. The Kalbi is pretty good, but it really wasn't enough food for 2 even though the menu says it was for 2. The Jang Bong noodles were ok. They didn't put any shrimp in it though. It's supposed to be a seafood noodle, I've always had Jang Bong with shrimp in it. Due to the pricing and the portions,  I probably just eat at G-mart from now on instead.
5	I started eating Korean food about 10 years ago in Grenville South Carolina, I used to eat at a place called Tasty BBQ, when I first went in I thought it was a BBQ joint!but I was the only American there. They had a nice spread at the counter you ordered from and the pictures of everything on the menu in nice big color shots.I was only in Grenville for 1 year and came back to Charlotte, my home.I was looking on yelp and noticed PePeRo a while back  but never went to Matthews,Yesterday I was browsing through yelp and clicked on Korean and read the recent reviews and decided I had to go tonight!.The Kitchen was clean and the rating was upper 90s which is rare for Korean restaurants.The waitress was young and friendly and spoke good English! :)I decided on the JAE YUK DUP BOB ( spicy stir fried pork over rice)First out came the little side dishes Koreans eat with their meals, banchan,,(cabbage kimchi, cucumber kimchi, bean sprout, 2 I could not recognize, so asked the waitress and marinated radish and marinated sprouts0It came out looking and smelling clean and fresh!Then came the main dish and a small bowl of Miso soup.everything was Delicious and fresh and I cant wait to go back.The menu has each dish pictured with Korean name with English translation below.They are open until10:00 PM nightly except Sunday until 8:00PM
4	First thing to know is that the entrance to the restaurant (and the store) is on the right  side of the building, so don't be confused by the street front appearance.This is a restaurant for Korean people, so be prepared to no concession to the American taste.You can order any of the inexpensive lunch items (7-9 $) and you will get a soup and few appetizers with it.Really good and authentic Korean food.
4	after numerous dreams of spicy squid, my husband enlisted me on a hunt for a korean restaurant that served this dish. thankfully, this place popped up right away with other people who had eaten and craved the very same dish. hallelujah! you saved my marriage again, yelpers! (joshing)like many asian restaurants that are good (and hole-y), this place is tucked away within a store or shopping area.when you walk in, it's a little confusing. it seemed as if there were 2 seating areas--casual and formal?? i don't know, but we got put in one area over another. not sure if it was because of how many people we had or because we had kids with us. whatevs...menu was very extensive. i liked that there were options to get bigger or smaller portions. it baffled my husband at first, because he was bummed that the squid dish was almost $20--until i showed him that he was looking at a platter of sorts. he got the squid (obvs), and i got bibimbap. our friends both got the pork dish, of which the name escapes me. everything was super tasty. i could have eaten more kimchi, because it was sooo good. tasted homemade, for sure. service was pretty typical of a hole-in-the-wall asian restaurant, but i kind of like that. makes for good stories later.
4	Tried this place out after seeing it on Eden Eats on food network.  I will certainly go back.  I had the bulgogi and a Kimchee Pancake.  I ordered the small pancake and it  was huge.  The bulgogi was great and the kimchee and vegetables made the meal even better.  They make their own kimchee and I loved it.
5	I have searched high and low for authentic Korean food. I lived in Korea for awhile and became obsessed with the food. Thankfully, I have food Pepero to satisfy my cravings! It is funny that I used to shop at their store for Korean ingredients and didn't realize they had a restaurant in the back! Their Kalbi tang is wonderful!! It is a beef rib soup that reminds me of Korea. The bulgogi and spicy pork bulgogi is awesome too. You get plenty of food for a low price. In awesome Korean tradition they fill the table with side dishes. I love Pepero. The staff is very friendly as well. When you're done, you can explore the market and buy the ingredients to make your own sam gyeop sal or other Asian dishes!
3	I have never had Korean food before, so I don't have a lot to go on, but what I had was good. We got the beef and the pork, both cooked well and very flavorful. The place wasn't much to look at but that didnt bother us. I know, lamest review ever, but I wasn't blown away.
5	THIS is the place to go for Korean food!! When you first get there, the enterance is to the side where you might see some shopping carts. It's a bit awkward and a little more awkward once you get in because you don't know what to do. LOL! Half of it is a shop and the other half is the restaurant. But you'll be greeted with smiling faces and they'll ask if you're dining and sit you down. Once you've got a seat, it's smooth from there on. Pricing is very good, compared to other Korean restaurants I've been to. My dish cost around $9-$11 while at other places it runs to $15.It feels like eating at home, but with someone serving, cooking, and cleaning for you. The decorations on the wall are beautiful and sometimes they have cute decorations on the table too. All the food is always served with fresh yummy sides. Our favorite sides are the bean sprouts, spinach, and the fishcake (I believe it's fish cake). I always get the same thing each time because I just love it so much: Yuk Gae Jang. You MUST try their fried rice. I don't know why it's so good! It leaves you wanting more after one bite. I love how they serve their water. It's definitely not from the sink.If it's your first time eating Korean, it's always safe to go with a Kalbi or Bulgogi dish. You can venture out when you're brave enough. And like I said in my other reviews, go with a group, so you can try their dishes lol.  My niece loves going here because they have a "bell" service where you press a button and a bell goes off in the backroom to let them know if we need anything. They come and check up on you too, so it's not like they're sitting around for the bell.
1	Before today, my experience with Pepero was amazing.  Customer Service was amazing, environment was great, food was awesome, but today's experience turned everything upside down.So, the first of the problems I had today was there was a new implemented policy that side dishes were limited to 2 servings per table.  First of all, the new implemented policy was not documented in their menu.Secondly, when I asked the waitress... she was very rude and impatient.  When asked about the new "policy", her answer was rude making it seem like it was our fault.  Stating that due to rising cost and increase popularity of the restaurant, they no longer service additional sides.  Her excuses were rude, obnoxious, and condescending.  Also, she failed to bring us our drinks... for the rest of the meal, my friend's drinks were dry.  Never came back to refill them.Next, there were flies flying around our table and everywhere else.  I instructed my friend to hit the button... the waitress arrived and we explained it to her, and she just stood there stating that it's because of the "change of weather".  Now, I understand about change of weather, but if there's an issue fix it.  She failed to fix it, she just walks away while our food is infested with flies.After this, I lose my appetite because the customer service was poor, waitress was poor, food quality was now poor due to fly infestation.  I call the waitress to remove the food (please note that I literally had 3 or 4 bites of my meal) and then they had the audacity to ask for me to pay for my food.  This was rather absurd in my books.So, while this was going on... the employees and their families (yes, a woman had her infant child in the kitchen) were trash talking in Korean.  Little did they know, my friend was Korean, so she understood everything that was said.In the end, she decides to again ask for her money and I decide to only pay half of it as a generosity... but when I get home, I found out the sides she's given me were completely rotten, low quality and probably from the trash can.So, if you would like a place that is completely backwards run and disgusting then please go to Pepero.  Otherwise, there are other Korean restaurants within a 10 minute radius.
5	My first experience eating Korean food. I must say I was so excited driving 30 minutes in on a rainy day. I walked in and thought its just like the dramas. The smell of goodness was in the air and people were enjoying themselves. I ordered Korean tea, which taste like hot rice and seafood soup &  Veggie buns. The wait was long but it was busy on a Friday night. I think I will stick with green tea, but we ate everything. Then walked around the store like a giddy kid. I bought a body bar of soap with oats, peppermint candy, sweet bun, and my favorite Korean Pears. I don't want to try any other place in Charlotte. I know that is not fair, but it is 2 in 1. Good food and grocery store.
4	It was okay. I was so excited to try Korean food upon moving to Charlotte. This was my husband and I first Korean restaurant that we had ventured out to try. It met our needs, but it was not as good as we would want it to be. Venue: interesting, but strange..  We walked into a grocery store, thinking, where is the restaurant? Only, it was to the right of the establishment and was small.  Luckily, we found a table early (morning), and it was not busy yet.Food:The place serves the meat already cooked and sizzles in front of you (save you from cooking your own and coming out smelling like a walking Korean BBQ). But he Bulgogi was not as juicy as we had hoped.  The japchae was actually delicious, and we gobbled that one up quickly. The best that had was their Korean tea. I have to give them credit, they got us addicted to their tea that we walked to the store and asked the cashier for the same type of tea the restaurant served us, and bought a box (corn tea - in a yellow box)Service: Although there was a bell you could ring, our waitress kept going to the other table instead of us. We were missed twice in a tiny restaurant!  So it did irked us.Conclusion:Good, but will only come back for japchae and their tea. My husband and I will definitely come back to grocery store :D
5	Awesome little find in an unassuming place. The building looks like it could be a building supply center but actually is home to a Koren grocery. Entrance is on the side where the grocery extends to the left and seating is straight ahead for the restaurant. I believe there is another dining area just to the right of the main (suspect they started serving there and expended.) Nice dining area and very clean. Service was attentive (little "service" bell on the table as the kitchen is out of eye sight of the dining room) and fast. I ordered the seafood & tofu soup. It was served hot, well seasoned spice wise and not too salty. Plenty of big chunks of tofu and seafood. I also ordered the dolsot bibimbap. Came out sizzling, as it should, with a slightly fried egg on top. It mixed up well and formed that nice crispy rice on the bowl walls. Great, freshly prepared meal with a nice variety of sides. Go, go, go!
5	Nice place for Korean food and the value is great!
4	I have eaten here 3 times now, two dinners and a lunch. Each time I've ordered something different and it's all been wonderful. The decor is a bit sparse and it's located in back of a Korean grocery store but the food is really good and authentic. Kind of like Korean home cooking. Probably not a good bet if you have a large group as the booths are smallish and they don't serve alcohol.
4	Hidden next to the market/store and you wouldn't know they serve food unless you spot someone waking over or if you read about them off yelp first.Very friendly wait staff. I like their idea of a bell at every table - you just ring the bell whenever you want service and they will come by; otherwise leave you alone.Wife ordered the seafood noodle soup and I had the korean bbq beef. Both were quite good. I am yet to learn more of what Koren cuisine has to offer, so will provide an update when I try more dishes here.
5	Authentic Korean food.  No fuss atmosphere, minimal sineage to get you there, but once you do it is a gastronomical feast!
5	Best Korean food in charlotte. Spicy seafood soup is a must!
3	Ever since moving to Charlotte, have always been on the lookout for good Korean food, something I had so much easier access to in New York!  For some reason, all the Korean restaurants found their way in the Matthews area and after consulting my trusty Yelp, checked this place out based on the prior reviews.Met my expectations and my hankering, but didn't blow my mind.  The portions were decent and the hubs and I were able to share a Bibimbop and an appetizer and still have leftovers.  I was disappointed there weren't more side dishes offered (we only got two and a soup), but it was good enough.  The service was decent, but only checked with us when we called them.  No proactive checking in with us otherwise.The place is really easy to pass by without realizing you missed it.  It's tucked away in a grocery store and you would think you are in somebody's house instead of a restaurant.  I don't know that I would come back here again, unless I find out all the other Korean places in Charlotte aren't up to par.
3	I was not overly impressed with PePeRo as a restaurant. As a grocery store it was totally cool!! However as I came here to eat dinner I will base my rating that way.  The service was great, our waitress was super nice and helpful. The food was only okay for me though. I don't know why or if I came on a bad day but I just wasn't that over the moon about it. The spicy pork bulgogi was not as good as Chow Wan Garden's in my opinion. It was good but not as good and I'd rather drive a few miles further at that point. The boyfriend and his brother both said they weren't all that impressed either. I'm sure I will be back to try other things and to shop though!! Hopefully I can update with some more stars :-)
2	Really good food but SLOWEST service ever!  A lot of times not worth the wait... long wait to sit, long wait to order drinks, long wait to get your drinks, long wait to order your food, extra long wait to get your food, and then a long wait to even get your check and for them to come back to pick it back up. Sat in traffic to eat here, and let me remind you this time it's during an odd hour so the service shouldn't be too long. Well surprise! It was! Probably never coming back again.
5	PePeRo is the best place to get authentic Korean food in Charlotte.  I always go there for my Korean grocery needs but I find myself going there more often for a quick meal.  It is tucked in the back of the market and is not fancy by any means, but the staff is friendly and helpful.  If you have never had Korean food before, ask for a recommendation (bulgogi and chop jae good for beginners) and you won't be disappointed.  It will be fresh and delicious!
4	Great service.  Friendly staff.  Good food.  Reasonable prices.  You can shop at their grocery store while you wait for the food.
4	Looking for a place to eat Korean in Charlotte isn't the easiest thing to do. So when I found this place on Yelp it got my attention. Once I got there I wasn't sure which door to use. FYI, use the door on the side of the business. You will go in to a Korean grocery store and to the right is a small restaurant. Once I got seated I forgot there was a store. I'm grateful to have Mother-in-law that cooks the best Korean food I will ever have. I will say tonight I found a place that is very close to it. Very friendly and VERY fast service. Everything seemed to be traditional Korean style. All the sides (fresh), spicy pork and my green tea for $10. I have found a spot I know I will go back. I can't wait to take my family.
4	My parents owned a Korean restaurant so I know good Korean food! I enjoyed their Kalbi (short ribs) kalbi tang (short rib soup) bulgogi (thin marinated beef) tofu soup with mackerel combo and their seafood pancake. There has been times where the side dishes weren't as good. For instance the cucumber kimchi was soggy and bean sprouts were bland but the main dishes made up for it. They do get busy so the server button that's on every table comes in handy when you need something.
5	You know it's authentic when the staff speaks mostly Korean and most of the customers are Korean as well. To me, this is one of Charlotte's best kept secrets. I got the bibimbop in a hot pot and it was awesome! The grocery store connected has reasonable prices as well. Friendly staff. The waitress always refilled my water and had a smile. I can find no reason not to give this place five stars. I will be going back often.
5	This will be as close as I get to being in Seoul. The food is amazing! I could imagine it tastes just like ones mom or dads cooking. We ordered the bulgogi, dduk bok gi, jajangmyun, kimchee pancake, and the kimchee jjigae. All devoured amongst 4 little people. Can't wait to go back!
5	When walking in the decor leaves you wanting.  But that wasn't what brought us here.  The boyfriend took me there to help with my home sickness.  There aren't many Korean Restaurants in Charlotte.  We ordered the Gar bi, Kimchee Pancake, Yaki (Fried) Mondoo, Bibimbop and Jajangmyun.  The food took awhile and the servers left us alone but the food was amazing!  It was like being in my grandmother's kitchen.  The only thing I could say is that the Jajangmyun tasted a little off.  I think they just added another ingredient that my grandmother didn't.  Definitely will be going there more often.
4	The young lady server is very nice, but the older people that work there are not as friendly.The food is pretty good, and they gave you 6 side dishes for 2 pplz. The fish cake is very good. However, I think the Tteokbokki is a bit over priced ($9.99), and they only have can drinks
5	(Note: This review is about the restaurant portion of the grocery store.) Pepero, thank you for being in Charlotte! Besides the items I've tried in my previous review, I've since tried their kimchi jigae and yukae jang. I would try other items on the menu, but the latter two have recently won my heart.Don't expect anything fancy, but you will be served efficiently and attentively. Pepero can get pretty busy depending on the time you come, but I really think the servers try their best to make sure you have a fine dining experience. I appreciate that.
4	This is always my go to place if I have a craving for Korean food.  People might get confused upon walking in as you'll see a supermarket towards the left, and a kinda restaurant ahead and towards the right (there two rooms for the restaurant).  This is a pretty poppin authentic place.  On cold nights, order the tofu soup, my fav!!  It's delicious!  My other favorite dish is the jjambong.  I might have spelled that wrong, but it's the seafood noodle soup.  If you order that, I would advise against ordering any appetizers as that is such a big bowl to finish!  If you can finish it within one sitting, kudos to you man...kudos to you.  I never can.  I love this place for the authentic (or as authentic to my knowledge) Korean food in town.  I do love it, but then their kitchen is kind of slow, so be patient when it comes to getting your food.  That is the only reason why they didn't get a full 5 stars from me.  Make sure to order first, and THEN chit chat with your homies.Check out the supermarket for some fun Korean snacky snacks.  As Professor Umbridge makes Harry Potter write during detention, "I must not tell lies."  I ALWAYS go to the sweet snack section every trip to Pepero.  It's a tradition.  I'm not much of a cook, but check out what other goodies they sell there too.  If you want just a jar a kimchee, they have some for you to buy!  Convenient!This place is awesome, so go visit it! Gomawo! (Informal way to say "thank you" in Korean.  Trust me, I WikiHow'd it.)
4	This little gem is hidden inside of a Korean grocery store in Matthews. The store and the restaurant share the same name. Easily visible from the street, this place is worth the drive!Quite simply, PePeRo serves up the most authentic Korean food in/near Charlotte. It doesn't quite compare to the Korean places in Chicago, LA and even Denver, but it will take care of the cravings. Has any else notice that there is a serious lack of Korean restaurants in the QC... But that's besides the point. They have a pretty extensive menu, offering a wide variety of dishes. I didn't expect a place that small to offer some of the dishes they did. Service is nice and attentive and prices are fair. I'm a fan!
5	I love coming here to eat regular Korean food because it just feels homey and the food comes out quick! Their seafood pancake used to be better, but still good. They have gone through a lot of chefs over the years, but food is still up to par. I will continue coming here. Some of my favorite menu items are the Kalbi Tang, Bulgogi Dubop, and Seafood Tofu Soup.
1	We were really excited about the reviews, so we came to Pepero with great anticipation. We were seated right away at 8pm, as the restaurant was not busy. That was when the nightmare began. After taking our order, our waiter completely disappeared. As in, 38 minutes later, our banchan/appetizer dishes had not appeared, and they hadn't even checked on us. Meanwhile, at the table next to us, a couple sat down, and were served immediately. In fact, they got their entrees before we even got our banchan. Oh, and we ordered bulgogi. It wasn't as if we ordered something that they had to make specially.So after 38 minutes, we pressed the call button and asked about the status of our banchan and our entrees. "Oh, those don't come with your meal." Really? I mean, seriously? But ok, fine, what about our entrees? How are those doing? So he disappeared to check. By disappeared, I mean for a full 10 minutes, and at that point we just walked out of there.There were 2 waitstaff, and only 4 couples in the restaurant. Also, I don't understand why they did not bring banchan, and why after a total of 48 minutes in the restaurant, all we got was water and bad attitude from the waiter. I was not confrontational, I was not jamming the call button, and maybe that's why I was not served at all. Should I have tried to talk to the manager, or raised my voice? I don't think so, because that would make me as rude as they were!
4	I have gone into this lil grocery store a million times a never realized there was a restaurant in the back, they seem to have added a little extension which made it more open.Okay, first of all , the server was very nice and had lots of suggestions for us to try.  Everything was delicious.   This is my now go-to spot for korean!! Love it!
2	Yuck.  Sorry I know this is the beloved hot spot for many yelpers but I just wasn't feelin' it and I for darn sure don't see the hype.  I couldn't really get past the fact that the place was such a dump.  I get the whole "dive" thing but this was straight up grimy..  I am surprised I didn't see any roaches during my stay but the atmosphere is one that would certainly encourage such a visitor.  The service was decent, not friendly but somewhat efficient I suppose.The food was just not my thing.  Maybe I don't like "authentic korean" but even the shrimp fried rice was gross.  The bbq was bland and there was nothing else we tried that was memorable.  I realize I am not an expert when it comes to Korean food but if this is the best Charlotte has to offer then either Charlotte needs more Korean restaurants or I can confidently say I don't enjoy Korean food.Either way, I wouldn't come back here.
4	I have been itching to find a nice Korean place in Charlotte! I was used to having lots of choices in Chicago and I was worried that it was going to be impossible to find that here. Luckily, Yelp did not steer me wrong! Stopped in for a quiet lunch- the place looked simple and clean. Our waitress was attentive, very friendly. Ordered a seafood pancake that was thicker than I have been used to in other restaurants, but still perfectly golden and tasty. The sauce that came with it was salty/spicy and proved a good combination. My husband got a dolsot bi bim bop (I cant spell!!) and I had some clear noodles with beef and veggies. Everything hit the spot perfectly! I had leftovers and am still excited about it.The little market portion is cute and has all the usual items- aloe vera juice, sweets and chips, etc that you can't get anywhere else. I will definitely be back! I really enjoyed it and maybe after I come back a few times I can kick it up to a full star rating.
4	This place is one of the best Korean restaurants in town.  It small and the food is great for the price.  The Korean soups and bibabob are spot on great!  I would recommend it to anyone looking for good Korean food.  I hope we can all support the local business.
1	FUCK THIS PLACE. They "skipped" our order and we never got our food after an hour of waiting. Walked out and left all they could do was say sorry not even offer free or discounted food. Worst customer service of my damn life.
5	My go-to Korean place in Charlotte. I like it because it's authentic, tasty & affordable.I wish I'm more adventurous when it comes to my ordering, but I swear by the spicy squid over rice. For $10, that's the best darn thing EVER!Now, let's not kid ourselves, the service here is spotty. My 5-star is mainly for the food and value, and frankly there's not many Korean choices in Charlotte. And hey, after you are done with your meal, you can hop around and buy some groceries!
4	The food is authentic asian fare. Try not to get caught up on the appearance of the restaurant, the food is good. There's lots of flavor in each bite!
5	This place is awesome. Has the dol sot bi bim bob, some of the best I have hAd anywhere. Great place tucked away in a Koran grocery store. If you like Korean food you must come here.
4	Little Korean restaurant in the back of a grocery store. To say I was apprehensive, is an understatement. Went for a friends bday dinner, at her choosing. Apparently this is one of the only good places for Korean food in Charlotte. Everything I had was good, actually tasty. She ordered as she knew the menu and the food. I would definitely go back and do again. Seems like it is best to go with several people so you can order a bunch of different things to share. Service was ok, our large party took them by surprise I think. Food was fresh and hot.
4	simple. if you want real korean food in charlotte. go to this place. there is no other choices and this place is legit. pros - expensive pricing and authentic korean dishes cons - this is a very very very casual dine in place that is connected to a korean grocery store. nothing fancy about this.
4	Just moved out here and was not able to find a decent korean restaurant .. we went as soon as they opened.  I read that the wait was long for the food and service, so I wanted to beat the crowd since I had both kids with me.  Service was great and the food was good.  It was better than the other k restaurants I've been to out here.  Still looking for my go to korean restaurant ..
1	It seems like whenever I come here, it always makes me gasp in shock. This isn't the first time I had a negative experience at this particular place. Last time I came here I was basically accused that I put a strand of my hair in the food that I ordered. (we had the food in the middle of the table so that my family could share everything. Plus, the strand of hair that I found was deep inside where I had to literally dig through the noodle.) Now you are thinking I'm exaggerating, right? Nope. The  lady owner came up to me, in quote, "Student, this hair can never be our hair. Your hair must've fallen when you were eating." I was flabbergasted. She also told us that we still need to pay because we finished half of it. Well, no shit, since the hair was INSIDE the soup. Now, recently, I came here to eat lunch. I ordered kimchi soup with soft tofu inside and a fish. I didn't see any problem with that because I have ordered this 3 times in a row. The only reason I come here to eat is because of this menu until she ruined it for me. Anyways, I called to put in the order because the service is pretty slow here. When I arrive, the waitress tells me we don't serve that anymore and that the owner would like to speak to me. So I sit down. The same owner comes to me and says, "Hello, so you ordered kimchijigaesoontofu(basically kimchi soup with soft tofu)? Don't ever order it again since this is not on the menu. You don't have to come back here anymore. This will be the last time we serve this to you, okay? " Ladies, gentlemen, is this how a customer should be treated? The way she approached me was appalling. ALL restaurants should be accustomed of altering the food when a customer is allergic or would like to replace something with something. All I was asking for was kimchisoup with soft tofu inside. Is that hard? As she told me, I will never return here. Even right now I am very heated up about this circumstance. For an owner to tell a customer that to basically never return again just because the restaurant can't handle something so little is very disappointing. So as the owner told me, I will never ever return to this place.
4	I've eaten at this place for plenty of times and so far, I haven't had any issues. Love their beef soup. I always get that when I go. Their bulgogi is also good. Service is good and they are nice. This is so far my favorite korean restaurant.
5	Great food.  Good service.  The Soon Dae Gook is very authentic.
4	Hidden gem ! Excellent food ! The grocery section has just about everything from frozen goods,miso paste to sweet cakes and of course ramen and asian snacks ! I think they make their own kimchi too !
4	Coming from Atlanta (aka Korean food capital of the Southeast), I was shocked to learn how devoid of Korean restaurants the city of Charlotte is when I moved here. My husband and I love Korean, but because Matthews is quite a drive from where we live, it took us some time to finally pay a visit to Pepero. We finally went for dinner yesterday. The food was good - it's nothing fancy and certainly not the best Korean I've ever had, but it was reminiscent enough of Mom's home-cooked comfort Korean cuisine. I had the kimchi jjigae, which was pretty solid. Pepero is most definitely NOT a restaurant you go to for the atmosphere. The entrance is on the side towards the building's rear, and it's surrounded by towers of boxes from food shipments. It pretty much just feels like you're eating in the middle of a small grocery store...which you technically are if you take away the wall dividing the restaurant from the store. In other words, no matter how much your crush loves Korean food, this is not the place for a first date, folks. All in all, I would definitely go back if I was in the area, but I wouldn't drive all the way across town for it. Better start diving into some Korean cookbooks!
4	OMG, their food is awesome!  We had a bibimbob, stir rice cake with hot red pepper, and a cold noodle with soup on sat lunch.  Rice, crispy and tasty!  Noodle, they cooked just right!
4	Being a Korean (and having a Korean mom that cooks the best Korean food) the Naengmyun (cold noodle) and the Jajangmyun wasn't the best, but Galbi, Doobookimchi, and Ddukbokgi was legit. I'd recommend this place to anyone who wants to try real Korean food. Don't be fooled by the sign or the first impression when entering the building. And don't turn left from the door because you'll get lost in all the Asian stuff. The food there and the service is great. Highly recommend it.
5	The food is just right.  The appetizers was great added bonus.  We had soup, the first two on the menu fir soup and it was as expected.  The yu gae jang, forgive my spelling, was as I expected.  I would recommend this place.
4	I'm fan because PePeRo it's a spot where I can get eat an authentic Korean meal and shop for Asian food! I'm not going to lie - it can be a bit intimidating, especially if you've never been. Let me lay it out for you - PePeRo is located in Matthews, near the intersection of John St/Monroe Rd and Hwy 51.  The entrance is located on the side of the building - there aren't a ton of parking spots but it's adequate.  When you enter, you'll be entering the market portion of PePeRo and off to the right of the entrance is the restaurant. The dining room is split into a couple different sections, I suspect from the effort to add on more dining tables. Usually, someone is there to greet you and show you to a table. It can get rather busy during peak dinner hours.The menu is fairly straight forward - yaki mandoo, kimchi pancakes, bulgogi, etc - and it comes with the traditional banchan (side dishes).  My faves are the yaki mandoo and the kimchi pancakes.  The bulgogi portion is generous and comes with white rice. My husband usually gets the kimchi tofu soup. I've also had the cold buckwheat noodles which is yummy on a hot day!I have to admit my favorite part about visiting PePeRo is the market - I can pick up a lot of my Asian favorites, not just Korean! I can pick up Japanese curry cubes, roasted seaweed packs, miso paste, Filipino sardines, sauces galore, as well as green tea, barley tea, and rice!   So my two cents? Don't be intimidated to visit, there's usually someone who can help you out and direct you to what you're looking for.
4	This is some good ol' Korean homecooking!  If you've come a-knockin' looking for the newest trends of truffles atop your kimchi pancake, you can't appreciate the slight doughiness they have here.  Looking for accomodations? Here's a plastic white fork that ostracizes you from the thicket of chopsticks.  At least this place's got ambiance, right...it really sets the mood, right?  Riiiiight.  Splashes of yookgehjahng soup up on my shirt is dead sexy.  Though-despite all its quirks, this place is endearing and serves up some pretty darn good Korean food.  Came here with some buddies who had never tried PePeRo BeFoRe... sorry, it gets addicting to type like that.  We just ordered a bunch of food off the menu and shared everything.  I thought everything tasted pretty good, but not spectacular.  It's like eating at your friend's house where the Korean food just isn't as good as it is at home.  Here, the daejeegohgi is pretty juicy and tender.  Mandu is okay.  Jjambbohng had plenty of seafood.  But when you put everything together - it hits the spot. PePeRo can definitely hold its own and I see many a craving satisfied with Korean food here. Now only if they served soju and had a karaoke machine...dmo out.
4	Disclaimer: this was my first exposure to Korean food. If I could recommend some more expert reviews to read on this, i would say check out Dan C, Ellen O, Peggy C and Christi K's posts. I have been wanting to try this place for awhile now. Dan C. took myself and some friends here on Monday night. We put him in charge of recommendations and ordering. We got a round of appetizers for our group of five and all different entrees. I don't know what anything is called... so bear with me. App wise kimchi pancake, steamed bun and the wonton-potsticker like goodness. I went with the bbq pork with steamed rice. Bottom line: it was all good. The seafood noodle type soup was LOADED with seafood. And best part... it's all a ton of food. We all had leftovers for the next day. Split 5 ways we each spent only $16. What a deal.Some things to know (for those not familiar with PePeRo or Korean cuisine)-There's a bell at your table for service.-Try all the sides that come out with your food.-If you're coming from Charlotte on Monroe Rd, turn before the restaurant. I drove past it and turned into the driveway on the other side which is actually for another business.-Go explore the grocery store. -Both the store and the restaurant take credit cards. However, please note the grocery store does have a $20 minimum.-They do have plastic forks for the chopstick-challenged. And by chopstick challenged, I am talking about myself. This is the girl who eats sushi with her hands.-Don't be afraid to ask questions. Someone can point you in the right direction.I will definitely be back. I loved the vibe here. It was comforting and kind of felt like getting a homecooked meal at a relative's house.
5	Yes kimbap !!!! They're only $7 and I got so full and still have like 10 pcs left!!!Awesome kimbap !!! Service was superb ! At first I got a 6 pack of ramen bowls and the lady at the register told me they have 12 pack for $7.99 and my 6 pack is $6 ! I couldn't find it ,so she climbed up the coolers and grabbed one for me! Thank you ! I also found my favorite childhood candies here !!! Prices here seems cheaper than super G ! Yess!!!!
4	Only korean place we'll go in town! Our favs include seafood pancake, bugolgi, seafood tofu soup.
4	Delicious, authentic and affordable Korean food. Their restaurant is located inside of an Asian (but mostly Korean) market and is nothing fancy but is very clean. I've had their bibim bap, kimchi pancakes, daegi bulgogi, bulgogi, mandu, mul nang myun, and all their banchan. Everything I've tried has been delicious and almost exactly like what my mom used to cook so coming here is like a taste of home for me.
5	Being that I'm Puerto Rican, I'm not going to even try to speak about the authenticity of this place (just because you visited Korea for 3 seconds in college doesn't make you an expert on authentic Korean). I am however an expert on things that are delicious and this place is exactly that. The seafood pancake is crispy on the outside and full of chewy deliciousness on the inside, the short ribs are sweet and savory. Even something as basic as beef fried rice is made with a little extra sweet Korean love. I love this place and I am here often. This is a mom and pops so just know that it looks and feels like exactly that.
5	This place has excellent Korean food. Probably the best in Charlotte. I recommend the spicy squid and short ribs. The seafood pancakes and bibimbop are also pretty good. Wish they had actual BBQ grills but it's still great.
4	I was totally not expecting such a good Korean restaurant in Charlotte, but this place was REALLY good. Bulgogi, kalbi, and tofu soup were are so flavorful and delicious - couldn't help commenting about the food the whole meal! It's to the side of a grocery store, so don't go there for the ambiance - go for the food!! :)
