3	There's nothing like a Walgreens on the Strip, complete with it's own flashing sign made out of a ton of lightbulbs.  We thought that the prices might be higher here than normal, but I guess with the competition of a CVS right across the street, they are kept in check.  Because of the location, there are always people shopping here, but the lines move quickly.
5	love this place for stocking up on the late night snackies. much cheaper than in the room at the bellagio.its great for buying more moderately priced souvenirs. love the 2/$5 souvenir kids tees "someone in las vegas loves me".only a few blocks from the bellagio, but do go after dark, or you will melt on the way back when you fail to hail a cab as you had hoped1
3	Where's the alcohol? Where?! Not here?! Whaaaaaa?I thought you could buy it everywhere in Vegas. Bunk.Oh well, at least I got the box of bandaids I needed to save my feet. And the bottle of water to cure my headache. And the eyedrops to make me look normal again. And the toothbrush since I forgot mine. Good for somethings......
5	Stock up in everything you need here, especially a krispy kreme donught, and tip: when paying get *cash back* w/ ur debit card, you will avoid the charge of an extra few bucks each time you take money out in a casino (example: on the casino at Caesars Palace the ATMs charge you a good $5! )
4	Wow - why is there a Walgreen's on the strip? Because Vegas isn't all for the chic. It's a GhettoFab Walgreen's. Sure there's gaming and you know people need stuff....tampons.....vicks.....cough drops. Nobody wants Bellagio Coughdrops. They want Walgreens. You can't get a polo that says MGM Grand here. But you can get a t shirt that says liquor in the front - poker in the rear....Yea Walgreens is cool for just being on the strip amongst over shadowing giants. You know there's a 7-11 on the strip too!
4	Great location right smack in the middle of the strip. Came in here after watching Mystere and hunted down some water since we were parched from the dry weather! Colleague found some stomach medicine to heal his unsettling tummy apparently from some bad food the day before...Friendly staff and quick turnover at the lines.
4	This would normally be like any other Walgreen's, however it will always hold a special place in my heart for two reasons. 1.) Specials on sunscreen. I desperately needed some, especially in the desert. Plus, it was small enough to fit in my purse without taking up all the space and seriously weighing me down. 2.) Public restrooms. When you get food poisoning from supposedly nice hotels (I'm looking at you Mandalay Bay), you don't really get to pick where you have to be sick. Walgreen's had a nice assortment of stomach medicine, and while I was looking I felt the urge. Instead of having to get an employee to take me down some random, twisted hallway, I could just dash in there. It was perfect.
2	I ran here from Planet Hollywood. I walked so much in two days that my feet had enough. First off, What's with the neighborhood? You have a 6 billion dollar development across the street from Tijuana? I get inside the store and there's a line around the block at the register. I find my stuff right away and I go to the make-up counter that is empty. Like the cashiers head. She looks at my purchase and starts talking to a customer about the merchandise. Then she's yacking it up with another associate. Wait! Let's get the manager involved because he's not busy either. Then she figures my head is red enough, so she starts to ring me up. Not before she tells me that she has been behind that counter for the last 11 years and all that she has seen. Are you fuckin kidding me.
4	I don't even know why I'm writing a review for this Walgreens with the exception of the fact that every. single. time I come to Vegas, without fail, I end up here for a case of water because Las Vegas is so dry. I don't know why I never bother to bring my own but I guess at $4.99 a case I'm not really complaining for the much needed thirst quencher and the 24/7 -ness of this Walgreens. They have relatively lots of cool Las Vegas stuff as well which you don't see in normal Walgreens and the checkout lines are always long but goes by quickly. A+
4	The walk back from Serendipity at Caesar's Palace to Mandalay Bay was a long and cold one.  I realized I had the munchies and I hadn't packed enough warm clothes.We spotted this Walgreens near the end of our walk.  It's open 24 hours and it was warm inside.  We walked around for 30 minutes thawing out and basically deciding we needed some gloves if we were going to survive another 2 nights here.  The gloves were 99 cents and we also found some other goodies to munch on.This is a clean location and almost centrally located on the strip.  Thanks for the cheap gloves!
2	The customer service not just sucked, but super sucked. The old granny in cosmetics that ran the register was less than friendly. She was in too much of a hurry trying to get rid of us, so she can gossip with another associate, it just ruined it for me.The store is in a great location otherwise, great place to get cold drinks and snacks while on the strip! I was surprised to see a Cafe W in the store, that was a nice touch!
4	Mostly every visitor pays a visit for this Walgreens. You can get everything here cheaper than your hotel and such. And it's 24/7! This is probably the busiest Walgreens in Las Vegas. I prefer it over CVS across the street. However I don't mind going to CVS.I always get cash back here to avoid ATM fees then I go across to CVS to get another cash back.
3	Good spot. Only con is that theres always these people outside Walgreens trying to sell you drugs
3	A little better than the CVS across the street. Open 24/7, it is currently undergoing some renovation. Looks like an expansion. Pretty much what you can find at a standard drugstore plus Las Vegas souvenir items. I like that you can save a bit buying Walgreens products here instead of the considerable higher cost of a brand name one. Come here to pick up some goods for your stay in Las Vegas.
3	Convenient since it's on the strip. I just needed to pick up a toothbrush and the line was a bit long, but not too bad.Outside can seem a bit sketchy.
5	This is a good place to pickup things you may have forgotten to bring on your trip or things you run out of. I always stop in here when passing it on the strip to get water or other snacks.
4	1st stop of your Vegas visit - even before the pool - should be Walgreens.Extensive selection of alcohol - from liquor to beer to wine. I was so excited to see Bloody Beer in cans and Lime-A-Rita cans. I've never seen this before. When you think about it - $30-ish for a bottle is basically 1.5 drinks at any club after tip and tax.Pick up some pre-made food and snacks too.Some employees are helpful, some cashiers are sloooooooooowwwwww.
5	Recently on a vacation in Las Vegas and I take a pain medication for a bad GI condition that I have. My doctor approved my refill while I was out of town and it was ready at the Walgreens in my home town of Manteca. Well me being Las Vegas I would obviously not be able to pick it up there. So I called this Walgreens because it was on the strip very close to my hotel to see if I could transfer my RX there and I pick it up. The lady I spoke to on the phone was so nice and polite. She looked up my info. and said it would be no problem and they could have it ready in 10 minutes. I thought they would give me issues over a pain medication. They were so much nicer and more efficient than the Walgreens I use at home. I went there and literally walked in and out with my medication. It was a very stress free thing to deal with on my vacation and I am very thankful.
3	They got all your necessities.& a screen that tells you which cashier is available to go to.....which was wrong! Telling me go to cashier number 3, when there's still a lady there. -_-
3	Located next door to Planet Hollywood this is a great place to pick up all the stuff you forgot or got confiscated from your carry on bag LOL.  Prices are a little higher than normal but hey it is Vegas!
5	This Walgreens is beautiful. And, apparently, they dont mind if you bring your 36 oz yard drink in, which makes sense because you're in Las Vegas. Stock up on everything you need but forgot to bring with you on vacation, located right on the strip!
4	Yes, the store looks nice - both inside and outside. But keep in mind that most of the items that are priced here are higher than other locations away from the strip. How high are the prices? That depends on what you're trying to buy, but perhaps you're paying extra for the convenience. ;)My cheap sunglasses that fit over my regular glasses broke, so I had to go here to buy another pair. Surprisingly enough, the price was the same as how much I paid for in my area. And the staff members were very friendly. If you need some necessities but don't mind paying higher prices, then definitely come here!
4	Definitely the place to go to stock up when you get to Vegas. Prices are great compared to other retailers on the strip. Great selection of booze, snacks, and souvenirs!
4	This is my go to Walgreens.  I could literally spend forever looking over the nail, make up, and other beauty products.  I have to check weekly for the "last chance" tags that give you great deals on products they are going to be discontinuing. There is a red box and atm at this location too.  Decent selection of snacks and wine.  Staff is friendly and trained well so the wait is usually minimal.  Good go to the basics too since they are open late.
5	Great quick clinic visit - and store experienceI had to go to the quick clinic/urgent care while on a business trip. The doctor arrived promptly at 9 to open the clinic and I was first in line. He was quick to get me checked out but thorough at the same time, and very nice. He was reluctant to give me antibiotics, which is good, because I think they're over prescribed - and did a strep test. Turns out he was right - my symptoms started getting better in a few days sans antibiotics. While I was there, I picked up a few souvenirs and toiletries. The store was well staffed and people helped me find everything I was looking for.
4	This walgreens is pretty huge! They have everything you'd need. It'll be a bit crowded so prepare. You're in vegas so what do you expect!? Lol. They have self check out so that saves a lot of time. The clerks are very fast so it doesn't matter what line you're in. There's free parking if you tell the guy you're shopping at Walgreens but there's a time limit. (Even though I walked around for an hour or more & he didn't care!) ^.^ Goodluck!
5	I discovered this Walgreens because I forgot to bring a phone charger, otherwise I never would have had the pleasure of visiting this store. I love this Walgreens. It is huge and has an exciting feel to it. They are very efficient and helpful. They have everything you need and more. Lots of souvenir type items. Shopping at this Walgreens was a good start to the rest of my stay in Vegas.
4	I wanted to write this review because of Lowanda! She was incredibly helpful and friendly! I just want to say thank you for helping us with the photo issue we were having.
5	What a brilliant location for a Walgreens.  Our hotel was within walking distance and we were able to pick up a few groceries so we could cook breakfast in our hotel room.  So happy to find this place.  Friendly staff, clean floors, well-stocked shelves and did I mention how easy it is to get in and out of?  :)
4	An easy little stroll from Excalibur, MGM, New York New York and a few other hotels on the strip.  They have literally EVERYTHING.  Great place to do some room stocking when a simple soda or bottle of water is 3 bucks and up in the casino.  I wandered down to grab some beverages and snacks for the stay and was back to my room in no time.  Nice to know there's somewhere you can grab a few things you may have forgotten or didn't think you needed.
