5	Davinci's is one of the best pizza spots in Charlotte.  Not sure why they have no reviews but the pizza is NY style and very good!  They have sandwiches and pasta also, but the pizza is the star.
5	Best pizza in Charlotte
5	Love the Stromboli!!! It's so good!!
5	There are many excellent pizzerias in Charlotte, but this one is my favorite! They use fresh ingredients and their dough has an excellent consistency.  They also make excellent cheese steaks.
5	Among the best pizza in Charlotte, Pasta is excellant also. Friendly staff. Only negatives, place is small and you order at counter, no beer on draft.  Also the Air Conditioning  never seems to be working.  But those are real minor complaints, the food is bloody amazing.
5	My favorite pizza place in Charlotte. The pizza is NY style, and the sizes are huge! You order a large, and you get a huge friggen' pizza. The staff is friendly. Even typing about this place makes me crave their food... mmmm....
5	Couldn't agree more.  Some of the best Za I've had in Charlotte.  I always get 2 slices of sausage mushroom.  Killer.
5	Love the pies here, they're about as close to authentic NY as you get in Charlotte. Keep up the good work.
4	Like a lot of transplants, I've missed the great pizza from home. This pizza is the best I've had in Charlotte. I ordered a medium pizza with half pepperoni and it was ready for pickup in 20 minutes. For a medium the pizza was gigantic! I can't imagine what the large is like.Let's start from the bottom up. The dough was thin and the crust was crispy, just like good pizza should be. The sauce was bright red and tasted fantastic. The cheese was just the right amount, not too much and not too little.I will definitely be returning for more pizzas and recommend this place to anyone looking for a great pizza pie.
4	They have really great buffalo wings. But are a little stingy with the Toppans for the pizza
3	Pizza was ready on time, was not over/undercooked, wings were nice and crispy but not even remotely spicy. I have been all over the east coast and have had everything from Ny pizza in the Bronx, Greek pizza in Ct., Armenian pizza in Boston, Sicilian pizza in Florida, and everything in between, and one thing I can tell you is that this is NOT good pizza. It is not bad but it is surely not good, it is nothing special, basic pizza is ok when the ingredients are nice and fresh, our pizza had caned olives and mushrooms(or they had been out for two long), plain sauce, and grocery store prepperoni on a thin chewy crust. We just moved to the area and normally my wife makes pizza at home, but after reading the reviews and a really long day we decided to try something new, we will not be ordering from there again. There is nothing special there you would be better off moving on.
5	Best NY style pizza outside of the NYC area. (Chicago style pizza doesn't count, it's in a completely different class). It's thin crust, light sauce, and just the right amount of everything else.HUGE. Slices are HUGE. 1 slice is easily 3-4 of a "standard" chain pizza joint. Did you see the Daily Show clip of Jon Stewart making fun of Donald Trump and Sarah Palin for eating pizza with a knife and fork and he had to fold the pizza up? Yeah, that's this place. BF and I split the 2 slice and a drink combo for less than 8$ and it's more than enough food for us for lunch. You can tell that they use fresh, high quality cheese and pepperoni. I cannot recommend this place enough.
5	This place is one of Charlotte's hidden gems.  Typical small pizza joint atmosphere, but the pizza is frickin amazing.  Ginormous slices, low prices, fresh toppings (seriously, you can literally taste how fresh the cheese is).  They don't overload on sauce.  Service is quick, restaurant is clean.  The girlfriend and I usually get the 2-slice/soda combo to share, and believe that one slice is just enough.  I could eat two, but barely, and I'd feel bad about myself.  $8 for two people to lunch?  Love it.  Just try it!
3	Decent
5	One my favorite NY-style pizza joints in Charlotte. There are many places around that claim to have "authentic" NY-style, but I tend to disagree with a good amount of them. The 411 on NY-style... Pies are generally large in size, but moreso cardboard thin. Perfect proportions of Italian GRAVY (thicker sauce, still slightly marina based), cheese, and Italian spices. Pies have very crisp dough & crust, and not saturated by a lot of moisture, as you would find at your local Papa John's or Pizza Hut. Pies are generally cooked at very high temperatures, for a very short time- i.e. 800+ degrees for under 10mins.That said, this restaurant makes their pies accordingly. Word of advice, if you have an appetite, try to avoid having eyes bigger than your stomach here. Their medium pie is a large at any other pizza joint, and their large is, accordingly, an extra-large. All kidding aside, the large will feed quite a few easily, with leftovers. In addition to their pie sizes, they mimic the above NY-style well. I don' know whether or not they incorporate dough conditioners or MSG's but their pizza is incredibly tasty!Their overall menu is more of a combination between Italian and finger food. You won't find many lavish pasta entrees, but you can get yourself a philly cheesesteak and some jalopeno poppers. Located in the Davis Lake Commons. See their menu online @ http://www.menusearch.net/menus/2271take_out.pdf.
4	Just had the best pie since I moved to Charlotte 3 years ago. I am embarrassed to admit that I have lived just around the corner and shop in the same shopping center a couple times a week minimum.  Yet this was my first visit. Foolish me. Great chewy yet crispy on the bottom crust. Plenty of toppings. Perfectly cooked.   Yummy. And HUGE. I got a medium special and it was bigger than most large pies everywhere else. I did carry out but you can dine in if you choose. Also they do deliver. I will be back.
4	Stealth business. Run like it's in the witness protection program but has really good pizzaI found this place on Yelp and was intrigued by the idea of getting some real New York-style pizza during a trip to Charlotte. When I dug a little deeper to try to find a website with a menu, or any other sign this business actually existed, I came up almost empty. At one point I thought "I have it" but then noticed the web site I found listed 4 locations -- in Fresno!I finally just called the place using the number in Yelp and somewhat to my surprise, they actually existed. I ordered a "small" pizza and set out in my car to pick it up. As previously described, the "small" pizza would feed a "small" mob. I mentioned to the manager that I had a hard time finding the place on the web, and he replied "yeah - someday the owner might put up a web site..."He also told me that they had another location next to the WalMart on North Tryon Street, which was literally 6 blocks from where I started out. In any case, the pizza was: huge, tasty and with a true New York style crust. Excellent!Worth the hassle, but it sure could have been easier.
5	This is the best pizza in the Charlotte area. Judging by the crowd, it appears that a lot of folks agree with me.
3	I go here about once a week with my boys after work. Huge slices of pizza. Very quick service. Booth seating, a few bottled beers. Small outside seating area for good weather days-although you will be gazing into the parking lot of Harris Teeter.
4	Good pizza, and I'm from New York! The slices are also very large and they have great fried ravioli!
4	The pizza was excellent albeit a little greasy. New York style pizza. Service was little slow. Almost as though they didn't care to be there.
2	Last night was the second time I tried it, and still have the same problem. 1. Dough has an uncooked taste 2.they only have a red sauce for the pizza, and that just leads to much acid in my system. So I will stick to making my own our will stick to dominos who at least uses real Spinach not out of a can! So gross!
4	Have only had others bring me takeout, but have always enjoyed it.  One of the more legit NY style places in Charlotte.We had some problems tonight ordering.  They gave our pizza to someone else.  Also, the crust came out a little burnt.  But, other than that, its always a pretty solid pizza experience.Its legit NY-style pizza.  What else can I say.  HUGE.  Canned mushrooms, so maybe go easy or not at all on them.  All other ingredients though, I would recommend.  Try it, you won't be disappointed.
5	Awesome hole in the wall find!  Everything we tried was awesome. PIZZA is thin and crispy, but the dough has some chew after the initial crunch - exactly how I like it!  We tried cheese with banana  peppers and meatball/pepperoni/onions. When we return, we will probably stick with plain cheese. The only negative to our entire meal was that the onions were placed raw on top of the pepperoni/meatball slice. Those really should have been put on the slice prior to heating up in the oven. EGGPLANT PARMIGIANA Hot Sub: The eggplant slices were a bit thick for my liking, but overall the sandwich was delicious. Great bread! The hot sub ordinarily comes with fried eggplant, cheese and marinara only. However, I ordered it with lettuce tomato and mayonnaise on top, and it was perfect! CANNOLI: one of the best I've ever had. The cannoli shell is made in-house and it has a subtle cinnamon flavor that makes it unique. It's super crispy, and a perfect base for the not-overly-sweet cream filling. SERVICE: the young girl working the register is a perfect representative for this business. She was helpful and patient when I asked questions about the menu. She provided plenty of information which helped me make my decisions. And she jokingly told me bye and that she'd see me tomorrow. Makes me want to go back tomorrow. :)The guy behind the counter slinging the dough seems legit. There were a steady stream of customers the entire hour we were there, but the guys in the back were friendly and unruffled. EATING IN:  nothing fancy here, just 10 or so booths, fluorescent lighting and a soda machine.This is a great place in the north Charlotte area. If you're around the mall, don't waste time at the food court; take a short drive to DaVinci's instead. You won't be disappointed.
4	they serve apizza not pizza. if you know what apizza is and that is what you want, you won;t be disappointed.  tried several menu items and just stick to the apizza now.  always eat in, never tried their delivery.staff doesn't seem to connect to regular customers. by the slice apizza can be hit or miss at any time of the day, but whole pies are fully prepared to order and have always been outstanding.
3	Great pizza, HORRIBLE customer service. The black girl at the cash register did not acknowledge my presence when I came up and was very rude when she did. After I paid for my slice, I asked if I should just sit down and she just rolled her eyes at me. No answer, nothing. One guy, kind of reddish hair actually greeted me when I walked in and the man making pizzas behind the window actually said thank you to me, but at one point I heard the red haired boy and the black girl get into it because she was yelling at him before he walked out for a delivery. Very unprofessional.Not to mention how dirty this place was. I couldn't find a table that wasn't filthy and when I ordered my pizza, it was from a pie that was just sitting out on a stool and thrown in the oven for a couple minutes. Good pizza, but please work on the customer service.
4	This pizza is probably the closest thing to NY pizza in North Carolina. The pie is large and in charge and THEY HAVE SICILIAN!! The staff is on the rude side, but always busy so I can understand. The best part is how affordable it is! $14.15 for a large!?!?!? I adore Davinci's
4	Best pizza in Charlotte.Order a size smaller than you think you need, they make them too big. 4 stars is a stretch for any pizza in Charlotte but this is as good as it gets.Do not get the apps.
3	They have pretty good pizza here and they deliver to my house which is a plus. The pizza is huge so a small is like the size of a large anywhere else. They put plenty of toppings on top too so no worries in that area. I also ordered their mozzarella sticks which were decent, the marinara was good as well. I wasn't too pleased with the customer service when I called to place the order. The first time the girl put me on hold twice for over 7 minutes. I called back a second time and they couldn't get my card number right after reading it off like 5 times. Then they called back while I repeated my address another 5 times before they got it correct.
4	Not much to say, it's pretty good NY style pizza.  The slices aren't as outrageously big as Tonys so one of those and a garden salad is a pretty good dinner.  The garlic bread is a bit odd though, pretty much a toasted sub roll.
3	I used to order pizza and wings from here twice a month for about 6 years. The pizza made me feel like I was back in Brooklyn and the wings were flavorful and crispy. Unfortunately the staff and management seemed to have changed during the last couple months and this place is starting to fall off. The first I noticed along with the new faces behind the counter is the cleanliness of this place. It is a a lot  junkier and dirtier than it used to be. There is a lot of flour on the floor, empty boxes stacked up all over the place and just the overall feel seems greasy. The pizza is still pretty good but they might have changed the type of cheese they now use. It just doesn't taste as good as it once did.
3	I wish I could give 3.5.  NY-style pizza.  Lots of topping options, delivery, decent appetizers.
4	Very good food, including great pizza!   Which is what you want in a restaurant.    The place is clean and well kept.    Their customer service could use improving, the person behind the counter acted if they were at the end of a 16 hour shift.   My only real complaint is they don't have a location in Cornelius.
4	Good pizza. Huge portions. Calzone was large enough for 4 people to share. Cannoli was made to order. Fresh fried shell and perfect hand piped filling. A casual place with DIY drinks and plastic ware. Reminds me of small town parlors in NY.
2	Customer service is horrible!  I have tried multiple times to give this place another chance and this was the last straw.  Waiting on hold for 8-10 mins is absolutely absurd.  Times before this we had placed big orders only to have them completely screwed up.   If you want real New York style pizza that actually has some flavor behind it then you want to try Due Amici's.
5	Love this pizza. Reminds of New York pizza! :D glad I found a pizzeria near me (recently moved out here)
5	I absolutely love this place! The pizza is fantastic and very generous portions. Its great NY style pizza. I typically just get the cheese or pepperoni but their Davinci Special is something that needs to be tried at least once. They don't shy on the toppings and its full of flavor. For carry out we never have to wait more than 20 minutes for it to be ready no matter what time of day. Highly recommend them!
4	NY style, thin rust pizza. There large pizza is humungous. Chicken wings are breaded and delicious.
5	Recently moved to Charlotte and DaVincis is THE bomb. Absolutely love the HUGE pizzas. Do yourself a favor and try it soon!
5	I love this place.  Pizza is true NY style pizza.  Strombolis awesome!! Cheesesteaks amd Italian subs  awesome.
5	Great food! Just sad I didn't try it earlier being that it's so close to my house. Def recommend.
4	This is one of the best pizza spots in Charlotte. Forget the other chains. If you want real NY style pizza this is it. I can't eat a whole pie to myself so what I usually do is nibble on half a pizza for a few days then put the rest in the freezer whenever I get a craven. I just tried the calzone for the first time and it was yummy. Nice and fresh. If you need to order a whole pizza call for pick up.
3	This pizza reminds me of Long Island and I love eating it in the shop. I would give this place 4  stars if it wasn't for one fatal flaw. The owner REFUSES to buy the boxes to fit the pizzas in order to save a few pennies which ruins take home pizzas. . They shove 20" pies in 18" boxes, 18" pies in 16" boxes and 16" pizzas in 14" boxes folding your pizza in right angles and ruining the crust. . It's infuriating. How can you name your pizzeria after an artist then treat your art and customers with such disrespect?
5	My favorite white pizza in CLT, and great meatballs too. Teresa always seems to be there taking orders, she is awesome.
