4	Surprisingly nice decor and ambiance for the price.  Good drinks.  This place is less expensive than I would expect although the service is pretty amateur.The wine list is very limited.  I don't know if they have a corkage, but it's probably not too high, so if you have your heart set on something, bring it in.  They have a selection of options so if you're looking for wine, there are some chiantis, zins and pinots on the menu to choose from.I had the meat lasagna.  It came in an individual dish with a nice melt of cheese on the top.  The problem was, the bottom was all noodles, then the meat and sauce, then the cheese.  It wasn't really layered.  My kids ordered off the children's menu - one got the spaghetti with a meatball added, the other had fettuccine alfredo.  Both were reported to be good.  DH had baked spaghetti with a sausage link.  The sausage link didn't show up until he flagged the waitress down, asked for it and then waited a bit.I would go back, but not if I wanted a fancy dinner.
2	Considering all the rave reviews I'd heard about Benvenuto's, I was pleased when my ex-boyfriend wanted to take me out to dinner there.  Mmm, Italian, right?Nahhh.  Not so much.  It was like a slightly souped up version of the Olive Garden.  The food wasn't bad, but it was truly unimpressive.  I got something that should've made my head explode with deliciousness (because, honestly, what's not to love about sausages, peppers and pasta with spicy tomato sauce?), but instead I was left feeling quite "Meh" about the whole thing.  Plus, the place was noisy and lacked any inkling of ambiance.If you want a good Italian chain, go to Biaggi's.  If you want good Italian, PERIOD, go to Lombardino's.
1	The best thing I can say about this place is some of the decor is nice. I say some because for the price I shouldn't have to eat on a paper table cloth. The drink menu was terribly out dated but their food menu looked delicious. I ordered the shrimp capallini and my bff ordered the seafood primavera. The food was out within 10 minutes of ordering which made us immediately think the food wasn't fresh. The shrimp in both of our dishes were slightly rubbery and tasteless.  The crab in my bff's dinner was intolerably fishy and her veggies were not even close to being cooked! The waitress was rude and seemed bothered by any requests! Don't waste your money on this place!
1	We were in the mood for something Italian tonight, so we headed over to Benvenuto's.  I'd been to this location for a rehearsal dinner and thought it was decent, so I talked my better half into giving Benvenuto's a try (she wanted Thai).We arrived at around 6:00pm on a Saturday night and were immediately seated.  The dining area is beautiful and nicely decorated.  Booths are large and roomy.  So far, so good.Waitress introduced herself, and promptly brought us our drinks.  I had Spotted Cow (as usual), she had an Italian Red.  Waters were also brought out, which is always a welcomed touch.  The Spotted Cow at Benvenuto's seems to taste better than any I've had elsewhere.  Not sure why, but it has an extra fresh, extra clean taste.  And that's about where the greatness ended.  I ordered chicken noodle soup; she ordered a house salad.  The soup had an overwhelmingly strong oregano/rosemary flavor - it was all I could taste.  I'm a fan of rosemary, but wow.  Her salad was good; the ranch dressing was light if not watery.Entrees consisted of seared Ahi Tuna (ordered rare) and Penne Classico with prosciutto, chicken, and shrimp.  The Tuna arrived well done - not a hint of pink in it anywhere.  It was covered in a "cajun rub" that destroyed the flavor (well, that and the overcooking) of the tuna.  The filet looked to be of the frozen Sysco type - nothing like I had imagined.Her pasta was bland, bland, bland.  Absolutely zero flavor.  Just a gooey mess of white sauce over noodles with some flavorless prosciutto, some boiled and tasteless chicken, and some shrimp that were obviously frozen and pre-cooked.  Ugh.  Just awful.The service was great.  The beer fantastic.  Everything else - 1 star or less.  Sorry, Benvenuto's, but we absolutely will not return.  And, it was expensive - a soda is $2.59... our bill came to $42.  No thanks.Service: 4.5 starsBeer/wine: 5 starsFood: 0 starsPrice/value: 0 starsSorry.
3	I have been here a few times and I think it is pretty good, it isn't amazing or anything. It is almost like an expensive Olive Garden but a little more classy. They have a cool way of waitering though the waiters and waitresses write their names upside down (upright) to the customers and its great. Anyways, not really the greatest place in town but definitely a nice getaway.
2	So I basically come here because of its close proximity to my parent's house, not because I love the food or ever crave anything from here.The space is really huge, probably way bigger than necessary because I've never seen it that full, although there is a separate room with a large bar that is pretty nice.The food is all extremely generic, in no way anything like "authentic" Italian. I would never call anything I've had on the menu "original", in fact I wouldn't be surprised if the entire menu's meals were frozen in boxes in the freezer.If you are hungry and nearby with picky eaters, go here, there are a lot of options, it is reasonably priced, pretty fast, and as mentioned earlier, generic, so it gets the job done, but without much enjoyment.
4	Very good restaurant.  Excellent service',!!!!very good food,,nice environment , I'd  recommend  it
3	Pasta was good. Steak was nothing special. I can make better. Not my favorite place but I'll come back.
2	The first time or two that I came here I thought it was great. But in the past year or more, I haven't had one good experience.The food has only been of moderate quality, yet the prices are that of a higher level restaurant. And the service has been horrendous. The last time I was there, our server, after barely attending to us when we were his only table, up and left near the end of our meal. We watched him walk right out the door and drive away without saying anything to us. After about 10 minutes, I grabbed my coat and was ready to walk out. Then the manager finally came over with our bill. It wasn't until after I paid and we were leaving did she tell us that she sent him to their other location.To abandon your tables without even explaining anything to them is absurd. For management to condone it is even worse. Maybe they don't understand that they need customers to stay in business.Whatever the case, I won't be wasting my time or money here again.
2	If you have to order a buffalo chicken wrap at an "Italian Grill," there's something amiss. We ate here because everything nearby was closed, and it was a total waste of time and money. All the pastas are clearly from the same three pots, and the menu was too long for anything to be really great. The restaurant is huge but there was only one other party there. The server was rude and deliberately slow - even turned away pointedly when we waved him over to ask for more napkins. The portions were ok but the food was bland and overpriced.
5	Went here twice last week with clients. I was very impressed. Had a great salad one day and one of the best pieces of salmon I have ever eaten...and it was extremely affordable and I was very impressed Service was great too. To all of the reviewers that complain that it is not authentic Italian...please remember where you are. The Italian population in WI is like 2 percent
4	We live right down the street, and had never visited until recently - but now we are regulars! The beer specials are great. The service is normally awesome. The soups are ridiculously good, we scout out when the soup is going to be Philly Cheesesteak and go then. My husband always gets the Pasta Trio and adds a meatball (GIANT!) and I normally get the Chicken Parm or a Calzone.  The things I have noticed that are not my favorite are that some of the servers are real stinkers - but most of them are awesome! The Chicken Parm can be kind of dry (pasta wise) and the time spent there can be very varied. Sometimes we feel a bit sped through, and other times everything takes a very long time. You never really know!Overall we love this place and plan on visiting frequently. We always fill out the survey that comes with the receipt a lot of times.
4	Wow, so I was not expecting to like Benvenuto's as much as I did.  It has a reputation for being overpriced and stuffy.I could not disagree more!  The atmosphere is friendly yet private.  The restaurant has cute alcoves with booths that allow to have a private dinner with your significant other.  At the same time, it is bright and clean inside.  My husband and I went in there for a couple of drinks and appetizers.  Their Artichoke and Spinach dip is amazing.  Wow.  It is served with Focaccia bread.  It is just delicious.  Their regular prices are great but if you go during happy hour, appetizers are half off.  The service was great and I can not wait to go again.So why not a 5 star rating?The parking lot is so cramped that it is difficult to maneuver.  The bar area is a bit tight.  I appreciate that they left room for a patio and a spacious dining room but I feel like the bar could be a tad bigger.
1	Oh such a disappointment.  I ordered the parmesean crusted salmon but they got my order wrong.  I ended up with grilled salmon which was very salty.  The salad was very crisp & fresh.  The next day I ordered the vegetable flatbread.  Oh it was horrible.  I only ordered from here as it was close to the location I was staying at.  I was just pretty disappointed.   The only thing I liked here were the cheese sticks.
3	Well.. Went here for dinner and drinks on Saturday night around 6. Nice atmosphere not too loud. I ordered a vodka tonic to start the evening and our waitress brought that right up my girlfriend however ordered a French martini and that took a bit. Upon bringing her her drink she said sorry if it doesn't taste good that's the first time he's ever made one. Seriously? Bartender never made a French martini? It was ok but didn't taste like any French martini she's ever had. The food was good tasted fresh. The chicken parmesan and the fettuccine Alfredo were safe bets so we ordered that. Not too long of a wait and nice portions. Wouldn't mind going back but probably not a first choice :/
2	I'd heard good things about Benvenuto's, and when we walked in, the place was gorgeous... Wonderful ambiance, great decor with lots to look around at. There was one small problem: the food.I had one of the dinner specials, a pasta dish in the carbonara family with bacon and peas. For the calorie load I was taking on, I expected my pasta to be a mountain of creamy goodness, but instead it was just swimming in oil. My dining companion had the shrimp tetrazzini, which was predictably rather bland and creamy.Here's what I look for in an Italian restaurant: fresh ingredients, unusual combinations, maybe even some homemade pasta. The menu at Benvenuto's made it look like this type of place, but for me it didn't deliver.If you're someone who likes the Italian-American classics (fettuccine alfredo, veal parmigiana), then this place is probably fine for that, but honestly I think Olive Garden does it better. Sorry, Benvenuto's.
4	I jumped on Yelp to look up the hours for Benvenuto's and was very surprised by the many bad reviews.My wife and I regularly eat at Benvenuto's in Fitchburg because I find the food to be good, prices reasonable, and service perfectly fine.  Benvenuto's doesn't try to be something it's not.  I don't believe their goal is to be fine Italian dining, but rather a restaurant that has a variety of Italian meals, with a mix of American options for those looking for something different.I've tried a variety of items at Benvenuto's, including Burgers (large and good), Angry Chicken Pasta (great), Pizza (very good), chicken parm (standard fare), etc...we also enjoy their fresh bread and olive oil which is served before your meal.Service has always been perfectly fine.  Glasses always full, food served quick, pleasant servers, etc.  We've had one entree that wasn't what we expected.  It was the  bruschetta chicken and unfortunately it had way to much garlic.  We told the server and they quickly brought out a new plate that tasted so much better.Last night we went for New Year's Eve dinner.  We have an 18 month old, so we're kind of limited on our options.  This place is great as we can get in and out quickly.  We had two great surprises.  Monday night Kid's Eat Free.  So our daughter's meal was free.  Secondly, Monday and Tuesday are half-price bottles of wine...another win for us!Anyway, don't go to Benvenuto's expecting fine Italian Dining.  There are plenty of great places in Madison for that.  Instead, go to Benvenuto's for good service, a variety of food, and reasonable prices.  Lastly, for a place that gets such bad reviews, I'm surprised by how busy this very large restaurant gets.  Be prepared for a wait if you get there during prime time on a Friday or Saturday evening.
4	I'm almost embarrassed to write this review because I really enjoy this place and the other reviewers do not seem to feel the same way.  Regardless however the man and I go to Benvenuto's quite often for lunch and dinner and we both love it. The entrees are served with bread with olive oil and Parmesan cheese flakes that we love!  They also come with a soup or salad option as well.  We always sit at the bar and though the bartenders are never particularly rude they also are not overly friendly.  Despite that though I enjoy coming to this place and have many favorite dishes. The man orders the baked spaghetti and meat balls; that's actually the only thing he orders because he loves it so much.  I'm not sure what my favorite dish is there but I've ordered pasta with a red creamy sauce with chicken and sausage that I love.  I have also ordered their pizza and have loved that also.  All in all, I love this place and always look forward to going back.
3	The Beaver Dam Benvenuto's - the original location - is wonderful. This one is a bit so-so (much like the Northside location). My food was alright: lobster ravioli. Nothing amazing, but tasty enough. The rest of my party (4 others) all had nice meals, but none of us were amazed. Desserts were lackluster. Service was very good, but the tables are overly large and it's really dark. I had trouble reading the menu.  A decent meal out with the family.
2	If you like pizza, do not order one from Benvenuto's.  Concepts of the dishes are simple and appetizing in theory, just wish they could execute.  Poorly made food and too expensive.  You could do just about as good at Rocky Rococo's to be honest.  Big thumbs down from me.
2	It was my dad's 70th birthday weekend in January. I flew into town to celebrate with our family. My parents don't eat out much, but my mom wanted to plan something grand for my dad's special day and chose Benvenuto. She met with an employee of BV before the big day and spelled out her requests of how she'd like to decorate. The restaurant seemed ready to accommodate.Unfortunately when we arrived at 4:30, to prep for the party at 5, a baby shower was still in our private back room. They were to have left by 4 but the best excuse we got from the manager was "It's impossible to get a room of 25 ladies to leave." Uhhh, not our problem. But it was - because when no one asked them to leave I ultimately had to speak with their group and politely let them know about our party at 5.The room was a mess. There was cake on the floor and the room was in shambles. By 4:45 they began to clean up.All of the careful thought and planning my mom had discussed with BV was forgotten because it was never written down, and her original contact was not there that night. In all, the room was clean and decorated by 5:30. We had to detain my dad's friends in the entrance while my mom frantically set things up. She was stressed, my dad was stressed, and it really showed how little this place cared. When my sister asked an employee to vacuum he rolled his eyes at her and said, "Whatever you'd like."The rest of the night went better and to be fair the food was delicious and everyone had a good time. Our server Michelle was incredibly sweet and nice to us. She didn't even know about the party but seriously saved the day and improved my mom's mood. BV also comp'd two x-large pizza appetizers, which was a nice gesture we appreciated.But 5 stars goes to Michelle, 4 stars for the food and negative 20 for the stress they gave my family that night.
2	Took friends and family there on 3/1 for a dinner. Service was good, but the food was really disappointing. Steak was not very tender or juicy, penny was slightly better than frozen ones from the grocery store. Bread was sub-par and the olive oil was not served with the bread immediately.Okay, the price tag is low which I got it, but please improve the food, service is good and I do give good tips. But let me make my point, restaurant was supposed to deliver taste at a top priority.
1	Very disappointing.  It's a basic Italian-American restaurant so we ordered basic food - their trio dish - lasagna, chx parm and fettuccine Alfredo. Chicken was overcooked and then slathered with so-so sauce and cheese.  Lasagna was really bad and the fettuccine wasn't worth a second bite.  If you can't make these basic dishes, close up shop.
4	We are always satisfied here.  Good prices on beer.  Tasty food in big portions.  I don't think any dish I've had was particularly memorable - kinda typical mass-market Italian, but it never disappoints.
5	All the people here are super nice. I really enjoy to have meal here. The price is  also really reasonable. Every dollar you spent here worth more then it.I would like to go there with my friends next time.
1	Was at the Middleton location half price apps good thing because if I would have paid full priced I would have had a FIT!!!!! 1/2 priced wine YEAH!!!! that was the only thing. Left with gut rot!!!!!
