5	I highly recommend this company. They were on time and their workers (Zac &Eric) were totally professional and cleaned up after the job was complete. They rewired our entire   Sound system ,Patio,LR,DR & BR. To our satisfaction.I will use them again when needed.
5	I was introduced to WiredUp Installation from a Doctor friend of mine.  I mainly worked with Frank and Zak.  They were both very knowledgeable and professional.  At first, I knew that I wanted to upgrade, but I was not sure exactly what I wanted to do.  After hearing my options from Frank, I decided to hang every TV in my house and have one remote to control all TV's, speakers, etc.  My Apple accessories can also control all the TV's and speakers.  The service was great with lots of communication and everyone showed up on time.  I will definitely use them again.Josh - Paradise Valley, AZ
5	A great company with OUTSTANDING customer service. They provide hi-tech product that is convenient and most importantly intuitive for everyone to use. It's nice to get "mom and pop service" from a company of this size. I highly recommend WiredUp to anyone, and it takes a good amount of trust and confidence for me to recommend and refer.
5	Having just purchased a house, I knew I wanted some type of sound system right off the bat. Anyone (which is everyone) who owns a flatscreen TV knows the sound is passable at best. As a referral, WiredUp came highly recommended and it's easy to see why.Frank initially came by and gave us what he thought would be the best option given our house layout. I did my research and was on board with his suggestion of a wireless Sonos system, especially after Zak dropped by and let us demo one of the speakers. Zak was awesome and way more personable than you would expect of someone who might want to just get the job done and leave. He was on point every step of the way, chatting and joking with us, while he mounted our TV + PlayBar (that were meticulously centered with our room dimensions) and made sure he showed us everything we needed to know in order to run the Sonos App on our phones.Frank also texted me a week later just to make sure we were still happy with their work. Everything runs as advertised and looks even better. I would definitely recommend WiredUp to anyone who wants solid products coupled with better service. These guys are great!
5	Wired up came and hung two TV's for me in our new house.  Zak was very easy to work with and did a great job.  He is also very knowledgable about what will work in each individual situation offering suggestions that are pratical for your needs.  I would highly reccomend WiredUp Installation for your Audio/Video needs.
