5	Troy, the owner, is a brilliant businessman. Being a pharmacist myself, I am familiar with the quality of his products and his facility. Trust me when I say his sterile compounding areas are more advanced than many hospitals in the Valley.After spending a day at his old facility when I was still training, I felt comfortable enough to send my mother to Troy so that he could help her with hormone replacement therapy. The docs around town trust him enough to let him dictate what a patient needs; they simply sign off on his recommendations. My mom has had a huge increase in her quality of life since seeing Troy, and I feel the compounded HRT is safer than the Prempro she used to take.Do not hesitate to consult a compounding pharmacist if you're having health issues that aren't being adequately addressed. Troy is one of the best in the Valley. It's worth the drive to consult with him, and further prescriptions can be mailed to your home.
5	After several bad reactions to Thyroid medications, I began researching on line for answers. I came across RX formulations and went to visit the pharmacy. My first impression was about the pharmacy itself. It has the feel of an old time apothecary yet with the most current and updated inovations. Along with informational flyers about the products and how to relate them to your health concerns, there are several books you can purchase also. All of these things made for an intersesting and informative visit, then I met the staff. Wow, yet another old time quality, that you don't experience any more is the personal attention and care that is offered here. I brought my prescribed medication, and after discussing my symptoms, I was directed to use certain supplements to assist in my treatment. I have discovered that we can't only rely on Doctors for our care. We as individuals have to take charge of how we feel. Troy took extra time to help me start looking for solutions. The staff contacted my Dr and requested that my prescription be transfered there. Luckily and with a little extra persistance, we were able to get the prescription transfered. I was recently re-tested and now my prescription is being doubled. Though I still don't have it dialed in perfectly, I found something here that I hadn't felt in a long time...hope!  Though I have insurance and I have to request reimbursment, it doesn't matter. I would gladly pay a little extra to fill my prescriptions here. This faclity is unique because where else can you find an entire group of people who are so dedicated to helping individuals acheive optimal health?  With all the greed in the pharmaceutical industry, it is becoming more apparent that, what really matters is money over people. Well I am saying 'NO!" Natural healing by being in tune with our personal needs, will hopefully lead to a wider demand for a kinder theraputic process.  But we have to demand it; demand it from our Dr's, demand it from our Insurance companies, demand it from our government As we change they ways that we do things and refuse to accept the usual ways of doing business, hopefully more people will realize they can excercise different options as well. I am not a dollar sign or a business transaction. I am a person.   Why would I pay for a medicine that takes 20 seconds of air time, and  several paragraphs in a magazine to tell me all the things that could go wrong with their  "solution?"  Why would I risk 20 symptoms to treat one? I agree that traditional medicine has it's place, But RX Formulations offers an opportunity to use the good part of traditional medicine, while removing some of the risk. Though we are living longer, how is your quality of life treating you? It can be better, and is getting better for me! I am so grateful I was lead to this remarkable place. I recommend them to everyone!!  PS They even have free popcorn :)
5	The staff here is excellent!  I can't say a bad thing about this place.  They are so helpful and very informative.  With all the new changes in submitting claims and what your insurance will or will not take, it can get pretty frustrating.  I came in trying to get my claimed reimbursed with the perimeters my insurance has imposed on me...new rules 2012.  The tech took the time to help me get what I needed to submit, took the time to try to find alternatives for certain prescriptions to try to get reimbursed. If you subscribe to their monthly emails, they do run specials on a variety of supplements.   If you are looking for a top notch compound pharmacy...this is it.
5	What an awesome place!  Everyone is so friendly and helpful.  You call up to refill a prescription and it's normally done within the hour.  Kelly at the counter is always so friendly and everyone greets you when you walk in the door.  I stop by religiously every month for my hormone fix and it's such a warm and wonderful experience.Keep up the good work!
5	Rx Formulation service is  STILL exceptional.  The staff here are helpful courtesy, informative  and very professional.  Please read Stephanie T. review...because she is right on with Troy's experience and knowledge.
