4	I agree with the first review... This is the best market in the area. I did see some organic or free range beef when I was there today. What I couldn't find was aged beef although the butcher pointed out that the premium steaks they had were at least 12 to 15 days old. They really have a good variety here... and don't forget the sushi station they have. You won't find that at any of the other markets in the area. Their fried chicken is the best in town also. It is a quick dinner for a small price. They have low carb items that other markets in the area do not carry. This is my market of choice since moving to AZ.
4	Wow. I never thought I'd be such a fan of a grocery store, but this is an amazing store. It's well-lit, well-laid-out, has the nicest staff in the history of chain stores, and has pretty much everything I want or need from a grocery store (except that it's not a Trader Joe's, but what can you do?).Seriously...great, fresh produce...well-stocked shelves, huge selection of everything you want, great prices and even better sales (I bought a Thanksgiving turkey there for like $7 once--BEFORE Thanksgiving!). They also have an excellent pharmacy area, and even furniture and accessories, including area rugs. And grills and outdoor furniture!
3	I like Fry's the most out of the stores in the area because their produce seems to be the best. However you really have to watch the expiration dates here, I have purchased expired milk twice ( I know, the expiration date is something you should check before you buy, but with a 15 month old I can't always study milk) and most of the bagged salads expire the next day. Not sure if this is a management issue or an AZ thing, but selling 4 day old expired milk is not cool.  It's milk for a baby too, so that makes it even worse, right? Cute little babies deserve fresh milk! This is America.So, check your dates, Fry's, and tell management that's not the area to save money in. Then, I shall love you.
4	I live right around the corner from Safeway, but I usually come down here unless I'm really in a hurry. They always have a good selection (they have Tab!) and decent prices. Note on the milk... if they're having a deep sale on it, check the expiration date. I've seen people load up on like six gallons because of the price, then I go and check and the expiration date is in like two days. How long does it take to look? I must say that in the past several months, they have been getting better on the dates, but the flip side, of course, is the sales aren't quite as goodI would like to see them get better stocked on their produce section, though. Meat selection is great, both do-it-yourself and behind the counter.
3	We stayed at Oasis Hotel From December 26 to December 29, 2011.  It was good for the prices we paid for.  clean room.  we were on the 3rd floor.  The room didn't have AC but then again Frisco was cold during December.   Good thing that lots of Restaurants and Liquor stores are 1 block or 2 blocks away.  Room had the 2 beds, TV, Coffee machine desk and clean bathroom and shower.  Only bad thing was the neighbors were so loud but then again I am cool with that.  I would recommend this Hotel because of the price.  I also like the fact that it was in Japan Town 1 mile from Union Square. less that 10 minutes to Fishermans Wharf etc.   Looking forward to staying at Oasis in March when I go back to FriscoWi-Fi is Free...it went in and out but then again I use the hotel to sleep not be on the Internet.
4	I love this Fry's!  It is by far one of the best marketplace stores in the Phoenix area.  They don't have gas, but they have a Tully's cafe, a sushi counter, and a large stock of furniture and patio items.  It is always very neat.  Never crazy busy in there and the employees are pretty friendly.
4	Pros:- Great price, booked a Saturday night for Halloween weekend for about $100. Other places were going for $300-400 a night- FREE PARKING in its own garage which as everyone know is a huge bonus in SF. Although the parking lot was not that big, I had no issues finding a spot. I recently stayed at the Westin a couple weeks back for work, and that was $50/day for parking! Came out to just over $150 parking for 3 days!- It was in a pretty good neighborhood, I had no issues walking out and about at night- The rooms, although old looking, were fairly clean and spacious- Large comfortable bed (this is totally subjective, I'm 5'6"), was more than enough for me and my girlfriend- It has a communal vibe going on at the place, which is pretty coolCons:- We had a room facing the street on the second floor, so I could hear some of the street noises. It wasn't bad for me because I was already pretty well liquored up by the time I went to sleep.  Some one sensitive to noise may prefer a different room- The TV was one of those cube looking thing, but if I recall it had some pretty decent channels on there though- Like I said, the rooms look kind of old, like a 1990 old, but was still very cleanOverall, I really enjoyed my stay here. I think it's a great bargain and is in a great location
1	I wish I could give this hotel 0 stars.  I was not supposed to stay at this hotel, but instead had a reservation for their sister property "Embassy"  They were overbooked and sent me here  at their "nicer, sister property" Not so much.  The tub was held together my 2  large pieces of duct tape, the glass on the pictures on the wall was shattered, the faucet didn't stop leaking (the horrible mattresses, sheets, furniture, carpet and extremely dirty outside didn't bother me as much but since I am writing a review, I might as well mention the alcohol bottles on the stairs, the old cigarette and cigarette burns right outside our room... I often stay in run down hotels for the savings but oh my goodness this was a new low..in fact, this is the first time that I have reviewed a hotel...) BUT that wasn't the worst part- BED BUGS.  Another group staying there found them in their room and let us know to look so we did and low and behold, bed bugs in the room. When we asked the man at the front desk about it- he just didn't respond. No answer at all. If you HAVE to spend the night here.....make sure you are ready to shower and wash everything you brought with you as soon as you leave! I am still waiting to hear back from the hotel itself and hotels.com for a refund.  I wish I could have left but we had a few hundred dollars worth of tickets for a new years party that evening and drinking and driving was not an option and neither was spending a small fortune to find another hotel room that last minute.By the way- it says free wifi...what they actually meant is they don't have wifi.....
5	Great store. Clean fast and friendly. Never in line long
3	Sooooooooooooo............................What can I say? We had a HUGE fire in our building.The Red Cross put us up here for FREE!! This was a PLUS. The GOOD: The place is centrally located, away from the ghetto. NICE to be away from the "T.L." The place has a very nice little garden; very QUITE mezzanine patio, vending machines w/ 1$ sodas and water. The Room: Well..... FILTHY carpet. It's old. Somebody said this place had an old '90's vibe. Correction, my dear youngster--- It's DEFINITELY a '60's vibe, my dear. Yea, I'm an OLD bird!! (And damn proud of it! ) ANYWAY-- The bedding: no bed bugs. Blankets are dirty. Spread, the same. HEATER: does NOT work. As I lay here writing this I'm wearing SWEATS, a THERMO top, a wool cap, and I'm FREEZING. Called the front desk, last night, The guy, named "RAJ,"  let out a big sigh, then, HUNG UP!! The maintenance man came---- THIS MORNING. He LOOKED at the thermostat, uh, then; he left. REALLY? When I called to ask for the password for the internet, he answers me, but NOT before he sighs, AGAIN. I call the desk to ask them to connect me to another guest room. He RAISES his voice at me, SCOLDING  me like a child, then, hangs up. I called back to ask him for the number to the hotel so my family can call me. He raises his voice at me; AGAIN, NOT hearing my intent, ASSUMING I'm again asking something in reference to the room upstairs again.  So, I get LOUDER and tell him my situation. I tell him I need for my family to be able to call. WHAT DID HE DO? YEP-- "SIGH," then, the # !!!!!!!  I get that this is a "Friday Shack-up" kinda "JOINT." But, Gee-Wiz, I'm an OLD FART!! I'm NOT here to party, for Pete's sake-- My DAMN apartment house burned, yesterday!! Have some MANNERS, and some RESPECT, for your ELDERS!!! Yea, I'm here; "on the cuff," so to speak. Regardless of the fact that the Red Cross was generous enough to afford me these few days, the RUDE BASTARD still got PAID, PERIOD. So, he's not doing anybody any big favor from the heart. And I certainly don't owe this rude jerk, ANYTHING.  Hell, I'm worn out. My fingers are old, full of arthritis, and they are STIFF from the C-O-L-D. 'NITE ALL. Miss Pearl.
5	Sushi bar is amazing!
4	low cost low expectation , but was happy with what the room was like , clean ,eazy free parking nice man ant the desk with a hard job dealing with hard customers  99$ for a double on a Saturday night  ,
1	Watch out for the bed bugs.Here for a one nighter. Less than 12 hr stay. Just a place to chill, sleep, and shower. Affordable price. Yes, parking is free, but limited. Expectations were already low to none after seeing the reviews, then I get the bed bugs.Got the itch driving back to LA and a few days after that. You have been warned!
2	You don't get towels until 5pm, who does that?!
5	Considering this is like my second home with the frequency I am there, the customer service is always great however I am still getting use to the new layout!
2	Am I the only one seeing all the flies at the deli counter?!I really don't like this location. I always see flies, I can't get used to the layout, There's no Kids Korner, check out conveyor belts are usually dirty. The location at 67th and Beardsley is awesome! Super clean, never saw a fly. Number system at the deli counter, Starbucks, and a  Kids Korner with stellar employees.
5	The new, if she is 'new',  she introduced herself as new, deli cook is AMAZING. They take things from the produce section and make wonderful recipes! The kale salad with watermelon radishes that most people don't know what do with, with this tarragon dressing, out of this world! And fish tacos,  and salmon with crab! And Parmesan potatoes and baby broccoli,  on a Friday night and have fun! Ty! She is the best chef...should be working at AJs if nothing else. We are lucky to have her.
3	This hotel was perfectly acceptable to me for the price...in SF.  In another part of the Bay Area, maybe not.The location is pretty good, I did not do much walking but it was a short cab ride to many areas.  There is a Walgreens, market and liquor store right next to it which is convenient.  It has free parking and a pretty nice patio.On the flip side, it's a bit dirty.  Not super bad, again SF in mind.  Rooms were good sized but the bed was pretty uncomfortable.  Don't expect requests like more pillows to happen on the first try but that is to be expected in a place like this.I would consider going back but you can often find a nicer place for the price, depending on what else is going on.  I am not sure what was going on when we were staying but some places we liked that can be around the same price were double the price.  I would say its a good back up if you are not picky and don't want to shell out a ton of money, especially if you only sleep there.
1	Very disappointed today!!!Cashier name tag said Stratton No hello no worries whateverThen after I paid groceries sat thereA min or two till I figured out Stratton Was not going to bag them nor was aBag boy who was next me Bagging another customers groceries The service there today was just Horrible
5	I really like this Frys.  I live in the Phoenix part of 85086 and this was a new move for me so the initial lack of options was staggering and I was dreading getting used to the Albertsons on Carefree Highway.  I was very familiar with Frys and prefer it to Safeway as well, this was an upgrade from my last Frys.  That being said please do not go in expecting Fry's Signature as seen on Tatum and Shea, that place is not reality.
1	Don't ever stay here! THEY HAVE BED BUGS!!Go to http://www.bedbugregistry.com/ and see for yourselfWhen I told the manager that we were eaten all up and my wife got bites all across her chest, he lied and denied!Horrible people work here!!!!!
4	I love this hometown grocery store. Yes I know it's owned by Kroger's, a huge conglomerate, but it truly feels like my hometown store in the neighborhood. The people are always friendly and the prices are probably the best other than Walmart. I'll continue to shop here for years to come.
1	I would give negative stars if I could.  First time in San Francisco and we were looking for something cheap since it's such a pricey area. We got a king bed for 3 nights.  They gave us a single bed when we got there. Called the front and said they were booked. Really rude guy. Then a min later called back to say come down and try other rooms. They had me look at 2 other rooms which were kings. So he obviously lied about being sold out. We were tired and decided to stick it out. No real house keeping. Lines are busy at night if u try to call front desk for towels or pillows. I think they just turn them off. Rooms are pretty horrible. Close to the piers but not advised for woman staying alone if ur planning on walking aroumd.  Pretty bad area. Horrible service.  Bottom line unless ur broke and need a place don't do it.
4	Always a pleasant experience whether I just need to pick up something quick on my lunch break or all my general needs for the week. The check out is always friendly, quick & best of all they actually use all if not most of their registers each day (unlike safeway who only has ONE). I also tend to use the self check out lanes on my break which really help me get in and out, very easy to use & always have an available tenant. They have the best deli in Anthem by far! Always fresh sandwiches, meals, or just sides. Fresh ingredients that you can tell they take time and care to make. Enjoy getting their fresh cut fruit as a nice snack for the day! Every single person behind the deli is always very personable and have great suggestions. The store is nicely organized and pretty easy to find whatever it is you need. Can't speak for the pharmacy as I always go to cvs. Very happy with my experience at the store, can usually find a good deal or at least a few popular items on sale. Will continue to shop at this location as my main grocery store.
2	Meat counter in the deli is horrible and unprofessional. We have an Albertsons right by our house but drive a little further because Fry's is nicer and offers better quality items than Albertsons. We have tried to get chicken at the deli counter several times. There are kids working the counter who are unprofessional and seem like they are bothered by having to help you. There is a big sign right on the counter that says they guarantee they have fresh chicken. They never have ANY baked chicken at all. When you ask the worker if there will be any more they say no and could care less.
1	There's various reasons that I gave this hotel one star first off I'm currently staying here right now as we speak I'm so upset because the whole room floor in front of the door is soaked with water that has flooded from the outside I called customer service they let me know that they knew the water was there they did not inform me before that the room was flooded I paid $148 then second after getting my socks all wet I walked over to the heater thermostat and attempted to turn on some heat because it is raining really really bad outside it did not come on I return to room service and they let me know that the heater does not come on until after 4 PM no matter what time or whether it is they had very very best customer service the room stinks so bad I couldn't even breathe I do not recommend staying here ever never ever again
