5	The tile selection is amazing and the sales staff are great to work with.  Very friendly and help you with your design.  I highly recommend getting your wall and floor tile here.
5	I had heard of Craftsman Court from a friend but had no idea that it would be as phenomenal as it was.  I was completely impressed with the the selection and sales staff.  The store is much bigger than I had guessed and it took me some time to work my way through it.  Fantastic tiles and creative designs for whatever room you are seeking to tile or add some pizazz through tile to.  I have many ideas for projects I would like to see happen in my condo.  Phoenix folks are lucky to have Craftsman Court because I am not aware of anywhere that would compete with this store.
4	Craftsman Court Ceramics is fabulous for its wonderful staff and wide range of product selection.  As an interior designer for over 10 years, I've worked with all of the local tile showrooms.  Many have well-priced items, but Craftsman Court truly has a wide range of products that can fit into many budgets.  Their staff is very helpful for me to be able to bring clients in, provide samples, and prompt service for pricing and ordering.  They will go the extra mile to ensure each product is just right for their clients.  I would highly recommend checking them out and seeing their selection.  Be sure to ask them to show you what you're looking for because they have some great hidden treasures and possibilities!
5	Went here for a job interview. Very nice place! Immaculate and well put together. The staff was very nice and helpful. I wasn't offered a position but just going there, seeing the place, and meeting the owners was a really great experience. If you'[re looking for tile or new flooring of any type, I highly recommend the staff here. They are quite knowledgeable and always willing to help, with a smile.
5	Although this store works mainly with designers, they do work directly with clients if you don't have a designer. They were very thorough in the process of understanding the room where the tie will be in, usage for the tile, and overall feel of the house. I worked with several of there associates and each one was better than the last on the three projects I did around the house. (Pictures attached)There follow through process of letting me know when the tile will arrive, if I received everything undamaged, and if I need to place an order for some follow-on pieces was exceptional customer service and something I never received from any other tile or designer store. As it turned out in two of my three projects with them, I did need to buy more tile as my contractor miss calculated twice. They are definitely not a big box store like Lowes, Home Depot, or Arizona Tile. Craftsman Court is unique, one of a kind tile, from all of the world. If you want to come home to the same tile that anyone can get from any big box store all over the country, then this probably isn't the place for you. But if you want something unique that separates from everyone else buying tile, this is the place for you.
