5	If you have a Volvo, don't go anywhere else.Duke is my 1993 Blue Green Volvo 240 station wagon.  He was a gift from my father before I moved to Phoenix, as he (and my then mechanic) were convinced my 1988 silver Volvo couldn't make the trip.  So Dad bought something new and I experienced what it was like to have someone give me a car.  Duke is so named because my father felt we had paid our previous mechanic so much with the repairs to both of our cars that we had put his kids through Duke.  I love my car.  After my father died, I found myself with the money to buy something new and I was tempted.  But my attachment to Duke is strong and I can't imagine not driving him on a daily basis.For anyone who has a Volvo, especially an aging Volvo, the most important person in your and your car's life is your mechanic.  And  like a boyfriend, some will break your heart, only rather than eating your food and sleeping with your roommate, they take your money and let you fail emissions.  And some will be passable...good for an alignment or oil filter, but do you want them to replace your transmission?Well my friends, I have found my mechanic soulmate.  Chris Tanner and his Oscar worthy cast and crew have saved my ass over and over and over.  They have replaced everything from transmission seals to oil to a wiring harness.  They are fair, reasonably priced, and they don't question me or mock me if I say, "well it's making a weird sound" as I try to describe it.  They are always willing to explain what's wrong and they stand behind their work.Could you ask for anything else in a mechanic?  Or a boyfriend for that matter?
5	I was looking for an independent Volvo mechanic now that my XC90 is out of warranty.  I never connected with anyone at the dealer and wasn't sure who to trust.  I definitely found what I was looking for at Tanner Motors.  Chris was a pleasure to work with.  I received great customer service at a good price and would recommend them to anyone with a Volvo in need of service.
5	I've had nothing but pleasant experiences with Chris and his incredibly competent staff at Tanner Motors.  I found them a day after my 2002 S40 broke down in rural Utah; a local mechanic devised an extremely clever stop-gap solution and instructed me what to tell the independent Volvo shop (one other than Tanner Motors) to whom I regularly took my car in Phoenix when I was a student at ASU, so that the problem could be fixed properly.  I arrived in Phoenix the next day and visited that mechanic, only to be charged $75 for nothing but a run-around story; essentially, he was clueless.Imagine my relief when I called Tanner Motors:  Chris instantly understood the situation, and fixed the problem permanently the next morning.  I've been scheduling service appointments at Tanner Motors regularly when I visit my girlfriend in Phoenix... I have complete trust in their competence and judgment, and their prices are reasonable.  If you live in Phoenix (or even visit regularly, as I do), don't trust anyone else with your Volvo.
5	I met Chris Tanner for the first time about 6 months ago.  I was very impressed with his knowledge and his desire to run a first class shop.  Honest, fair pricing and excellent service.  I'll never take my Volvo to the over priced dealer again.
5	I'm totally going to use an ad from the 80's tagline:  My husband's not around, but Tanner Motors still is.  Yes, the spouse is gone, but Chris and his competent staff are still taking care of Duke for me.  What have they done?  More like what have they not.....a new engine?  Sure.  Emphatically insisted I go get new tires?  You bet.Bottom line is that the quality of service is amazing and only paralleled by the customer service.  I recommend this place all the time to Volvo owners - heck, I even recommend non-Volvo owners, as I know that if Chris can't help them, he might be able to point them in the right direction.  My only regret is that I can't give them more stars.  But what I can't give them in stars, I try to make up in cookies.  ;-)
5	I basically live on the other side of the world - the far west valley - where Happy Valley Rd ends, yet every time my Volvo needs service, I still make the trek all the way to Tanner Motors. I keep thinking, "Why do I drive all this way?" but then once I get there, I remember. The people here are so friendly and honest about everything. Not to mention, their prices are more reasonable than going to a Volvo dealership. Since the Volvo Scottsdale location closed and I switched to Sanderson Ford-Volvo dealeriship/service for awhile, I just always felt creeped out after going to those places. If they were friendly, it seemed somehow fake.Here at Tanner Motors, Derreck (sorry if I mispelled your name and it should be Derek instead..) always explains everything so clearly. He works up at the front desk. If I want to see what's going on with my car, I can just open the door to the garage and check on it. They will show you what's going on and there's never a feeling of being misled or talked into doing something that you're not ready for. Even Chris' service guys will come in and greet you and help explain things. It's seldom that you get a chance to see what's "behind the scenes." I love this independent Volvo shop! I will tell people over and over again to come here. I even referred a friend to their other place, Tanner Auto Body Shop, to get his car fixed. (Oh in case you were wondering, Tanner Body Shop can handle other cars than just Volvos). There's just something great to be said about a locally owned family business that still believes in traditional customer service and at a good value!
5	I'm not nearly as car savvy as I'd like to be. With that being said, I think it'd be easy for anyone to take me around the ringer and charge me an arm and a leg for car work. Not Tanner Motors. They genuinely care about my situation and are doing everything in their power to help me. I was in an accident and at a loss about what to do about my vehicle and the entire situation. I've been talking back and forth with Mike, and he is helping me every step of the way. I don't think many people do honest, true service these days - but Tanner Motors is the real deal. Customer service is still important; they know and live this. I'll recommend them to everyone!!
5	Mr. Tanner does not shy away from helping people in their time of need. He has been very helpful to me in my time of need. Dealing with auto accident injuries and insurance agents regrading the totaling of my car was one of the most horrible experiences of my life. Mr. Tanner was kind enough to appraise my car and work with the insurance agent to make sure I received a fair appraisal. Due to that I did receive the true value for my car which was way SIGNIFICANTLY than what the insurance agent had come up with. He has been such a blessing. Genuine, helpful and friendly people who make customers feel welcome. Will definitely recommend everyone to go to Tanner Motors. I will too in a heartbeat! Great work and even greater ethics!
5	All the reviews are true! I work in an environment that provides world class customer service. I'm so used to being on the giving end, that I'm left pretty shocked when I receive it myself. Tanner Motors went above and beyond for me and I'm really, really grateful. This is a business I am happy to support and promote.
1	Took my 98 Volvo 70 in because of the Check Engine Light was on and a strong smell of gasoline in the cabin when ever we filled up the car. Tanner performed a smoke test on the car to see if there were any leaks in the fuel system. They recommended a new gas cap and Vacuum Elbow to fix problem. As we were driving back to Casa Grande, we filled the car up again. To our amazement, gas was pouring out of the gas tank and the Check Engine Light was back on. Tanner also recommended we have another $3,186.13 spent to get the car up to speed.Took the car back to the Volvo dealer who located and identified fuel leak problem. Volvo dealer also told us that they wouldn't recommend $2,408.29 of the service which Tanner had recommended.Think that only person smoked from their smoke test was us.
5	Great Presentation! Great Experience!Spoke with Derrick over the phone...he quoted me a price for a Transmission Flush for my 2001 Volvo. The result and service was wonderful. Great experience for my first time. And unlike most auto service...there was a "treat" inside my car!Thanks Tanner Motors for a wonderful experience...being a female you always have to be on guard, however Derrick was about servicing my Volvo and did a great job. So ladies if you need service to your Volvo call Derrick!
5	As a woman getting my car fixed is a scary event, however Chris tanner and his guys were so honest and fair with my engine problem.  I never felt bullied or pressured.  They are a great shop and know a lot about cars.
