5	We were recently looking to do a landscape project on our yard and went with this group. When Fernando first came, we thought they were going to be expensive but were surprisingly reasonable and comparable to the other bids. We had it narrowed down to Fernando and another landscaper. The tipping point was that Fernando was available sooner and he provided us a computer simulation printouts  of what our yard would like when complete. It was also to scale which was nice because we could see what the front and back yard would look like. We were so impressed that Treeline does that and we didn't realize how much we loved it until Fernando provided it to us. The other bids we received did not provide any types of pictures. Price: Total approximately $5500-$5600. Front yard included two orange tree removals and replanting of two new orange trees, a new paver walkway from the sidewalk to our porch, a new planter box at the front of the house with some plants, and a sprinkler system. Back yard: Sprinkler system, curbing and plants throughout the yard with larger stones to fill in the plant areas. This is nice because my 3 year old likes to walk on them and they don't hurt her feet. The design in the back is really nice. They also did a planter box around the tree in the backyard planted with flowers and set to put in an herb garden. They also did a gravel walkway with stepping stones on the side of the house.  Their work looks great and we have referred Fernando to several neighbors. Project/Employees: For the most part, their employees were on time, working hard through the day and the project manager very involved. It was a nice change from other experiences with contractors. Since he has received calls from our neighbors, Fernando recently came by to thank us with a bag of Bermuda grass seed for our yard. It was nice of him to show appreciation that way and shows his customer service. I really can't say anything bad about this service. My husband wasn't too happy that they used some of our leftover stepping stones instead of providing their own (husband didn't like the colors of our stones) but on the other end, Fernando had leftover sod from another project that he didn't hesitate to plant in our bald spots in the yard. I believe he even had an extra small tree that he threw in without charging us because it was left over from something else. Again, this was a great experience and we would not hesitate to use Treeline again.
5	If your looking for hardworking, great priced landscaping, this is it!  Fernando was who I worked with and I had an excellent experience from start to finish. He was very prompt with our appointments, communicated, stuck to the plan and delivered as promised! We received bids from several other landscaping companies, and only one other company was in the running. Fernando and crew were able to start within a couple days, and even gave us a CAD designed picture of what it would look like when it was done!  We did a total yard overhaul (minus sod) and it cost us under 6k!!  I can't express enough how great these guys were to work with. I'm hiring them again to do my paver driveway!!!!
5	I contacted this company on Monday, and here it is Friday and my job is done. They offered prompt, efficient, polite service, and even went above and beyond by fixing a loose gate. I would definitely recommend them to my neighbors and friends.
1	We have had to modify this review (4.12), as the landscaping service has been extremely disappointing.Treeline met with us at the beginning of May 2011, but we didn't hear back from them until the end of the month.  We were supposed to get started ~6.8.11, but they weren't able to start until 6.20.11 due to the paver shipment.  From 6.20.11-7.15.11, the crew worked non-stop, even on Saturdays.  The end product has been beautiful, and we are still very happy with Fernando's design!!!Addendum (10.17.11):  We signed up for the landscaping as an insurance to keep our plants alive.  At least 6-7 plants have died.  Mark has told us that they will replace them when the weather is cooler.  It's been about 3 months so far since the plants have died.....  There is also a defect in the cement wall now too.  We'll see when these issues will be addressed.Addendum (2.10.12):  We just met with the owner of Treeline, as the cement wall had not been fixed yet.  We met with Frank, the landscaping manager, within the past month, which resulted in getting the plants replaced and better weeding of our yard.  They advised presenting all concerns to the front desk, as the messages get relayed to the appropriate people better.Addendum (4.13.12):  Our wall still has not been fixed.  An irrigation line is broken, and water is leaking in our yard.  There are also tons of weeds in our yard.  They have repeatedly told us they will do something and then nothing happens for weeks-months (It's been 6 months since we told them about the defect in the wall).  Their service needs to be improved.Addendum (6.22.12):  Our contract will expire at the end of next month.  It has been a very long year dealing with this company.  It has taken months before any hardscaping issues have been fixed (concrete block wall, completion of pony wall).  Our security gate has been broken for the past 5 weeks, and we have not heard back from anyone about when it can be fixed.  It took them 6 months before plants were replaced as part of the landscaping contract.  They just planted another one last month, and it is already dying, so I am unsure of whether the irrigation system is set up correctly for it.
1	We contacted treeline to design and landscape our front yard.  Jeff came out, completely sold us on what we though would be a great design for our yard. We signed the contract put down an initial deposit and scheduled a start date. Well that's when the trouble began. 2 weeks after the official start date no one showed up.... we contacted Jeff and we were given some excuses them being behind on another job and we reschedule the start date. The crew came on the second start date, did the job and it was 'OK'. The quality of the plants and the trees they put in were the poorest of the poor. It hasn't even been a year yet and most of our plants in our yard are dying or dead. The gravel that they installed is not the color gravel we agreed upon and they use the bare minimum, just enough to cover the dirt. One of the trees that they placed was so close to the house it almost looked like it was going to grow into the house.The follow up is when it gets interesting. After the job was done we noticed a depression in the cobble stones plants that were dying that they installed. We called, emailed, sent smoke signals and we were completely given the run around between Tricia, Jeff, Mark.They completely avoid your calls, or communicate with you very unprofessionally via email. It took me reporting them to the better business bureau for us to get a resolution.This should have been an great experience for us instead it was a contracting nightmare. We spent 7k on a front yard that will have to be redone. Find another contractor because if you use them ultimately you'll have to find someone to correct their shoddy work anyway.
1	7.14.12.  After two months of waiting for someone to replace screws into the concrete block wall from the broken security gate--the company finally fixed this.  They also finally completed the pony wall 6 months later.  We got the landscaping contract after the job was finished last year, as we were afraid our plants would die, and we wanted some insurance.  Well, the landscaping crew just came yesterday.  It does not appear that they trimmed any of the plants/lantanas or trees.  There are two plants that died.  We have generally had to wait months before the plants have been replaced.  We'll see how long it takes them to replace the two that died.  Take a look at the pictures and tell me whether it looks like our yard has been serviced by a professional landscaping company.
1	Horrible experience and similar to others who have posted.  A $15K "3 week" job was supposed to be completed in March 2012 and was not substantially completed until late June 2012.  We had to renegotiate and settle with them because they did not do what they were supposed to do.  Their design looked good on paper but was not even done to scale so when the crew did finally get started, what they had designed would not even translate to the site.  Their communications are awful.  Mark was supposed to be our project manager and he showed up only once during the 3 weeks that the job was supposed to be done.  James we were told has an ownership postion--told us only after we'd signed a contract that he lives in Colorado so was not available when we needed him to come to the site.  He seems only to communicate via email.  They provided spec sheets for us to choose materials and then substituted them for lesser grade materials.  They sold us 330 sf of flagstone but when we pointed out they had provided less than 200 sf, they actually wanted to argue that because they had layed them out 8 or 12 inches apart, that the area was 330 sf and that we still owed them.  Their plant materials were poor and tiny even though they had specified 1 gallon and 5 gallon plants.  We didn't get the quantities that were in the contract and 20% of ours have died.  We had a 90 day guarantee in our contract and notified them in August that we wanted them replaced.  To date they have not replaced them and they are no longer responsive. I can't think of a worse experience with a contractor.
2	Most of the work they did in our backyard was okay, but we paid them more than $1,000 to build a block fence in between our patio and our neighbor's, and they refused to paint it...I was told, "No, we don't do that type of work," even though the designer told me in the beginning that they would paint it.  We were charged a significant amount of money to have the workers bring supplies over the back wall of our patio, even though they were forced to stop after 15 minutes by the property manager on the other side of that wall. And there is a big gap between the pavers they installed and our french doors...they should have filled it in with grout or cement.  It took me over a week to clean up the mess they made inside our home after they had to stop hauling the supplies over the aforementioned wall. We purchased sod, and I thought that since it was the time of year to plant rye grass, they would use rye grass...they did not, and two weeks later my husband had to spend all day cutting back the bermuda grass, in addition to buying (and planting) new seed and fertilizer.  We wouldn't use them again.
1	They were cheap, but I would have paid 4x as much to have some one come in and do it right from the beginning.  They started our project two weeks late (after they collected 50%) and did a terrible job when they did show up.  There was no communication either.  They were supposed to tear out the old irrigation system and totally replace it.  Instead, they left the original in the ground and attached new arms to it.  In the 12 months since they "finished", we have had numerous leaks and now we have to have another company come out and tear up the whole yard to replace what we paid for originally.Don't waste your time and money.  You can save money by going with them initially  but you will spend much more in the long run having a company come out to fix and finish the work they way it should be done.  We spent so much time calling them to come back out and finish what they said they were going to do from the beginning, I can't handle spending anymore time talking about them.Money down the drain!Look elsewhere.
5	One word for this company: Amazing!We own a one acre property in Paradise Valley and every square inch of it needed landscaping. After interviewing several companies we knew that Treeline Design Group was the right company for us.  We worked with Odean and he was always prompt, prepared, and educational during our meetings.  Once the work was in progress his crew was knowledgeable and hard working.  If we had a questions Odean always answered his phone and was able to answer anything we were concerned about.  He knows a lot about plants, design, and hardscape and was able to transform our yard into a desert oasis.  We appreciate all that Odean has done for us and highly recommend his company!
1	I would give zero star if I could. We had them install a lawn that could take flood irrigation. We started to have issues with the very first irrigation run in March 2013. It is August 2013 and Treeline hasnt resolved the issue yet. Do not use them, they dont know what they are doing. They did our landscaping and we spent about $25,000 plus and still have an unfunctional lawn and are having several issues. Treeline has yet to tell us after 5 months of running around what they are going to do to fix their ugly landscaping job. They are giving us a run around and wasting our time. I have complained about them to BBB. If anyone insterested in getting pictures to see what their job look like, please contact me.
1	These guys could not organize a play school date. Supposed to start Sept 30th. Forgot that date. Then supposed to restart Oct 7th, Forgot that date. Between Oct 7th and Nov 2nd they sporadically sent 1 or 2 workmen for 2-3 hrs a day. Job was supposed to take 5-6 days. The excuse was the foreman quit. When I called the office to speak with the owner, I was told by the secretary he was out of town. I asked for his cell phone, which she would not release to me. I gave her 1 hour to contact him. 5 Minutes later he appeared outside my house. We had words about the misinformation and he promised in 2 days the job would be complete. That was 2 weeks ago. All efforts to contact him fell on deaf ears.Then they sent in an electrician to fix the sprinklers and plant flowers that were dumped on site. Electrician also installed paving stones.Finally on Nov 2nd (Saturday) they sent 7 people in and almost managed to finish just the back yard. Sprinkler system doesn't work properly. Front garden is incomplete because they spread the granite rock too thickly in the back, not leaving enough for the front. They were supposed to dig a hole for an umbrella. No hole and the umbrella stand is gone. There are plants still with the nursery taping on them. There are trees that have not been staked correctly. There are creepers that are laying flat on the ground.So at this point I will have to look for another landscaper to finish the job before all the plants die. Fortunately I had not paid in full and I have all intentions of stopping payment for the ones that have been paid.All they know to do on time is to charge the credit card.If there was a lesser rating than 1 star I would use it.
1	We have used this company for about 2 years, during that time they have had 3 new managers. The turnover leads to poor quality of service because the latest manager will throw the last one under the bus and, when you complain about services received, they will tell you that the last manager shouldn't have contracted for such service or that whatever it is you are complaining about is an extra "value" that you have to pay for despite the terms of your contracts. This is clearly fraud and misrepresentation of contract. Save yourself time and headache and use any other company. This company hacked our bushes and destroyed the steel boarder around our landscaping and then acted like it was our fault. The latest manager, Paul, came to our house and bragged that he did landscaping in the Turks and Caicos, good for him, problem is, when he wanted me to re-up my contract he talks a good talk (it's interesting to note that his Linked In still references a landscaping company that he worked at a month ago in Mesa).  However, I asked him about his new "super" crew, and he tells me he hired "Hector" last week. I'm sorry, hiring Hector a week ago doesn't instill confidence that this company will do anything right.  They overwater, have no artistic ability, and you have to call and talk to Paula 3 times to get anything done. I wanted to keep using this company because I am old-school loyal, but they are just ripoff artists who will leave you annoyed with a shoddy yard. This is unfortunate given the number of opportunities I have given this company.  This company clearly has internal management problems, don't let their disorganization become your problem, this is Phoenix, there are 100s of companies in town that will be more than willing to do you right, Treeline is NOT one of them. Send me a message if you would like to see pictures or hear about specifics about how pathetic this company is.
4	After much ado James arrived and completely revamped the garden and sprinkler system, to the point of what we expected. I am sorry it had to revert to heavy handed tactics, but the job is well done for now and completed.
1	we are completely done with treeline- DO NOT use this company- avoid all the frustration. the last straw was today- dog waste was thrown into cactus, and run over with the lawnmower. This after paying for removal of dog waste. They do not know how to operate timing systems, pruning of desert trees, care of grass etc. RESIST the temptation to hire local
1	Although the original work was good, I have had a great deal of difficulty getting warranty work completed by Treeline.  If you want a professional, on schedule, and customer first landscape company you should look at another company.  Very frustrating how much I have had to follow-up to get original job completed and my warranty work is still not completed 5 months after I contacted them.
1	Difficult company to get landscape work completed.  Look elsewhere as there are more professional companies in the valley.
1	This review should have been written a LONG time ago, but we were holding off in hopes that Treeline would finish the work they started in November 2012.We initially met with Treeline's then owner, Odean Ortega, who drew up our plans and really left no room to budge with the budget. A job well done on his part if I'd say so. We spent almost $8000 for his crew to redo our front and backyard with new plants and some hardscaping. The company transferred the project to their contracted project manager Mark Banderett who oversaw the work, which took about 5 days to complete. They left a few things unfinished including painting a stucco wall which needed 2 weeks to cure, and a few other things like adding stabilizer to the decomposed granite in our patio. Fast forward 2 months, Mark finally returned to address the odd jobs. We were charged some more money for other things that we requested (fine by us), but when I wrote the check to Treeline, Mark told us to write a new one directly to him instead. He explained, "I'm doing this on my own to save you money." He collected his money and neglected to complete the work. Text after text, he repeatedly gave me excuses for not showing up, pushing me off to later dates, blah, blah, his aunt died, and then he just stopped returning my calls.I called Treeline MANY times and explained our unique situation to their office manager, Paula. When Odean finally reached out to us, he came and evaluated the work that still needed to be done, and he said he would send out some guys to finish everything since the original work in our contract from almost a year prior still hadn't been complete. Then, nothing. He never came back.I called the office again. Now they have a new owner, James. He personally came out to take a look at our yard, not to DO anything, just to look. Several weeks later he returned. At this point our irrigation system in the front yard was not operating, he claimed our timer had broken. He sent us a quote to replace it, and another quote for Treeline to come by weekly to maintain our property, you know, to "protect our investment." We gasped at the ridiculousness of their quote to replace our timer: $400. And the maintenance: $200/month. ABSURD. My husband replaced our sprinkler timer for $50. Turns out that was never the problem. We called our neighbor's maintenance guy to see if he could get our sprinklers to work and he fixed whatever was wrong for free. BOOM. We regret every penny we spent with Treeline and their contractor Mark. You will too. I promise.Goodbye Treeline.
1	I would give zero star if I could. We had them install a lawn that could take flood irrigation. We started to have issues with the very first irrigation run in March 2013. It is August 2013 and Treeline hasn't resolved the issue yet. Do not use them, they don't know what they are doing. They did our landscaping and we spent about $25,000 plus and still have an nonfunctional lawn and are having several issues. Treeline has yet to tell us after 5 months of running around what they are going to do to fix their ugly landscaping job. They are giving us a run around and wasting our time. I have complained about them to BBB. If anyone interested in getting pictures to see what their job look like, please contact me.Update: Odean came out and told us they will rip out the front yard grass which was dead because of the wrong grading. He spent almost an hour walking around our property taking notes seeming genuinely apologetic. One month later, NOTHING. Called at least 20 times and finally when I threatened to take the matter to a TV station I got a call from James (an arrogant, ignorant person) asking me to meet with him at the house to show him the issues. My response, "Are you kidding me, after Jeff, Brad, and Odean, now you still want me to show you want was wrong". I told him Odean had confirmed that grading was wrong that's why water was pouring out on the side of the yard. James response "Odean has no authority to make such decisions, I am the owner and I will decide if it needs work". At that point, I lost it and told Mr. James that I was not going to waste my time on their company and their lies. They had wasted enough of my time and that I was going to meet with the tv station crew regarding our yard. James then told me "we will fix what WE think needs fixing". James and crew came by and poured a bucket of dirt around the 1/10th of the berms and replaced dead bushes with ugly grass like bush. Completely unacceptable. I have pictures and videos of their horrendous job. I have hired another landscaping company to slowly fix this problem, since grading is major work and sod will be another few hundred dollars. But it doesn't matter, Treeline got paid in advance and consumer can go cry somewhere else.They do not stand behind their work and don't know what they are doing. Do yourself a favor and save your money and hire a proper landscaping company.SHAME ON TREELINE!
5	Treeline Design Group is under new ownership and management, customer service is our utmost priority with all customers. Maintenance, install, past or present all of the customers deserve quality service and this is what we will provide.Thank you
5	Although it appears this company has had some problems, rest assure that the new owners, Mike and Kim Mars value customer service and satisfaction above all else. Unfortunately when the Mars' purchased the company they were unaware of several outstanding jobs needing to be completed.  Money had already been collected by the previous owner, so the Mars' essentially completed our job and actually lost money.  In an age where customer satisfaction seems to be of no concern, Treeline stands above the rest. The company cares about their customers and wants them happy with the end product. We are now loving our new back yard!
5	new company, new management, new ownership..!!!new customer service!!
