5	The fact that I added Neighborhood Garage to Yelp in order to review them should be a testament to how great my experience there was. I came with a long list in hand from Jiffy Lube totaling nearly $500 of suggested repairs. The owner, Andy ticked through them one by one and not only did I not need any of the repairs some recommended services were for my parts that my front wheel drive SUV did not even have. Andy could have made a lot more money on me today- but I simply walked out with an oil change and for the first time after getting my car serviced I didn't feel taken advantage of. And, that's all you can ask for.
5	Andrew is a car-fixin' rock star. Husband and I are reeeeeally glad to have found someone that we feel that we can trust to bring our car issues to for as long as we live in Charlotte (and he's been unsuccessfully looking for about 8 years already!). My car went kaput as I was pulling into the driveway at work yesterday. I had AAA tow it to the Neighborhood Garage because, although the online reviews I'd read for it were not great in number, all of them rated the place as top notch. Also, it's pretty close to both my workplace and where I live, and I didn't want to pay more for the tow than I had to.My only dealings with Andrew were on the phone, where he was friendly, a good listener, and made it seem like he wanted to help. Husband's in-person dealings with him confirmed the same. He was straight up about what repairs we needed right now, and let us know some things that we might need to look out for in the next 6-12 months, but gave absolutely no pressure to do any of it except for the basic necessities. He fixed the cam sensor issue that had made my car spontaneously turn off, and replaced the serpentine belt which had been squealing for the past 2 months. The price was less than we had expected/feared, which *really* made us happy.Seriously, the best auto service I've experienced in the past 6 years, both here and in Chapel Hill.
5	I will never take my car anywhere else, at least as long as I'm in Charlotte. Andy is the nicest mechanic I've ever met, and has taken good care of me both times I've been there. The first time, I was quoted $250 from another shop, and it ended up being a $50 fix. The second time, I just went in for an oil change and he noticed my front tires were looking bad. Instead of asking if I wanted a tire rotation, he went ahead and switched them for free. I would have gladly paid.It's really a no brainer. If you go to Jiffy Lube or some other chain, they're going to offer a bunch of crap, whether you need it or not. Go to the Neighborhood Garage, and you will get quality service, every time, and you will be supporting a great local business.
5	I went to Neighborhood Garage looking for a friendly and reasonable mechanic and I got it. I refuse to go to shops like Firestone or Goodyear where a majority of the staff aren't even ASE certified. Right when I arrived at Neighborhood Garage I was greeted with a smile from Andrew. He even let me hang out in the garage while he was fixing my car. Try to do that at Goodyear or Firestone! Andrew does a great job of explaining things. He will tell you things he notices about your car that could use attention but he doesn't do it in a way that makes you feel like you must BUY NOW like Jiffy Lube does. Also, I'd recommend him for an oil change to. He charges the same as all the other chain oil changes do and you can trust him. Go watch the youtube videos on Jiffy Lube scam and you will find a news team busting this money snatching company red handed nearly every visit!
5	Yes, this place seems to be as good as it gets...certainly for an oil change. I was tired of going to Jiffy Lube and the like and having to discern what my car actually needed to have done. Neighborhood Garage just did my oil change and then told me a couple of things they noticed that I might want to keep my eye on. My SUV has had this annoying rattle on the passenger side, and another maintenance shop didn't know what it was...but when I mentioned it AFTER today's oil change, the NG mechanic said he had already noticed that my battery wasn't in the right groove, and he adjusted it for me. Rattle gone! After almost 3 years, I am thrilled! He also saw my new license plate in the back seat and offered to put it on for me, free of charge. So yes, my husband and I will definitely be going back.One thing of note: if you plan to take your car in, there doesn't seem to be a waiting area, so be prepared to walk across the street and browse the aisles at Lowe's for a bit.
5	This is the best mechanic that I have ever used!  They are honest and do not try to rip you off.  Any time that I go to a different shop they call me and tell me things that I need to fix but this has never happened to me here.  I will only go here as long as I'm in Charlotte!
5	Andrew saved the day for me and I could not be more grateful. I had one of those issues that was only occurring sporadically and I was certain that once I took it in, they would never be able to recreate it. I had taken my car to a big box shop off Independence who had recently done body work on it and they couldn't replicate my issue or see anything wrong. I called around to compare diagnostic fees and Andrew immediately made time to look at my car and put me at ease that he wasn't just looking to bill out a fee. What I thought was going to turn out to be hundreds of dollars in repairs turned out to be a simple fix to Andrew. You would have thought it was magically fixed after he looked under the hood. As a female, I never felt uncomfortable, talked down to or that I was being taken advantage of. Instead, I felt that someone truly cared to help resolve my issue for the least cost to myself. I could not be more appreciative and would recommend that anyone bring their vehicle here. Andrew - Thank you, thank you, thank you! PS: I had the fun "hydrolics" when I accelerated. :)
5	Had a problem with one of my indicator. Since I am new to Charlotte I was not sure which mechanic to choose and trusted my yelp friends. Andrew fixed the problem in 1 minute and didn't charge a dime for it. He was very friendly. Though its not a major fix, if it had been somewhere else they would have given all be and charged $20-50. I would have felt not guilty if he would have charged me something. By the time you see Andrew you know that he knows what he is doing. I would definitely go back.
5	First, I think it is pretty amazing to have an auto repair business consistently get a 5 star review.  This is exactly why I picked this place to repair my vehicle.  When I called, Andy, the owner picked up right away.  I told him about a quote I received at Good Year and he was immediately skeptical about such a high price. He said he would shop around for parts and call me back.  Less than 30 minutes later he got back to me with an estimate significantly less than Good Year.  He was able to take my car in for service when it was convenient for me and took the time to look over my issue with me when I got there.When my car was ready to be picked up, I didn't have a ride to get to get there because it was done a little later than I expected.  However, he had his father come to my apartment complex and give me a lift to get my car.  Wow - great customer service.This is not a bells and whistles, modern auto repair shop.  It's a drop your car off, get a good price, with a decent, hardworking owner, repair shop.  There is no waiting area, no wife, no free coffee station - but when I feel like a mechanic is trustworthy, I'll set up my own lemonade stand on the corner to pass the time because really are so hard to find.
5	Honestly I can't say enough about he neighborhood garage. When it comes to mechanics you want fair prices and honest assessments and you get both easily.   I took my car in for some pretty heavy work on the transmission and Andrew and crew did a great job and even fixed a few things for free that I didn't even know were broken.   The beauty of this garage is unlike firestone or goodyear they are not trying to constantly upsell you with things you do not need.  Would definitely recommend.
5	Thank you Yelp! I am so happy I used yelp as a reference to find a place to get my brakes looked at. I called Friday afternoon and was able to get in first things Saturday morning. Andy was really great, super friendly, stand up guy! I'm glad they are getting good business, they deserve it. For my oil change, rotors, and pads, (also labor) I paid about $200. Reasonable for sure. Took about 2 hours, waited with them, no problem at all. I'll be back to see Andy and the crew next time I need my car looked at!
5	Andrew at the Neighborhood Garage will take care of all your mechanical needs whatever they may be.   He is honest, up front  and very reasonable with pricing.   He looked at my cavalier that a previous mechanic said had a bad motor and had it back on the road in no time.   Turned out the motor was fine and just needed an ignition control module and a couple injectors.   Still running great over a year later!     I wouldn't go anywhere else.
5	WOW! I wish I could give them 6 stars! After nightmare experiences with both my local garage and "big box" store auto departments, I was SO grateful to see all the positive reviews for the Neighborhood Garage!  I have an older Camry with LOTS of miles, and I need someone honest who can help a girl on a budget keep it up and running.  Andrew answered the phone, and immediately I knew I'd found my new mechanic. His wonderful attitude, willingness to answer my questions, and ability to get my car in for service in a timely manner (later that day!) sealed the deal.  He had my car ready to go in no time, while I hung out at the Lowes across the street. He walked me through a few items that were going to need future attention.  NEVER did I get a patronizing attitude (ladies, you know what I'm talking about) or the feeling that he was trying to scam me into unnecessary work.  He gave me reasonable quotes on the future basic maintenance he recommended and I left a very happy and relieved new customer.
5	Very happy with their service. My wife and I came to Charlotte to visit our son and his wife.  Just before we got to Charlotte we had motor troubles.  I looked on Yelp for a repair shop and found Neighborhood Garage. I was impressed with the high ratings they had received so I took the car there.  Andrew was very helpful and after checking it out called me with a couple of options for the repair. The turbocharger was shot and there was no way I could it drive back to Iowa the way it was. If I lived in Charlotte, Neighborhood Garage would be the only place I would take my cars.
5	Not only does Andy & team do a great job on your car (quickly & based on your schedule, by the way); but they are in it for the long haul. I just had a little sensor wire fall loose in my wheel well behind the brakes and he took it in, diagnosed the issue, fixed it right away and he actually thanked me for coming by! This is an A+ spot and I highly recommend them. Reputable, friendly, extremely knowledgable, and like I mentioned; they stand by their work.
5	Needed my breaks fixed and was hearing a grinding I couldn't diagnose. It turned out to be a caliper which was a good catch and needed fixing. My dad used to run a mechanic shop and said that his repair and pricing was very well done (if one needs repairing, get both done because otherwise, you'll be back at the mechanics).I found them to be really friendly and I always have an appreciation for people that work in an industry and then venture off to do their own thing by starting a small business.I told the owner, nothing personal, I hoped I wouldn't have to see him again, but if something needs repairing on my car, I'd go back for sure.
5	Andy has continued to be our auto life-saver, time and time again. I've been taking my cars to him for a year and a half now, and always gotten the best service and fair prices (on one major repair, I got an estimate and ran it by my dad first, who said their numbers were *extremely* reasonable). Andy & co. have never pressed me to do unnecessary work, and have made recommendations that involve waiting to see if a problem resolves itself, or just giving more time before addressing a non-immediate issue - i.e. it really feels like the type of auto service you might expect from a family member who was looking out for you. They've recently expanded into a bigger location on S. Tryon, which is great - they deserve all the business they can handle.
5	We just left here. We had taken one if our cars to another shop in Ft Mill and told our transmission needed to be replaced after spending 1500.00. We decided to check out Neighborhood garage based on other reviews. Let me tell you- I will NEVER go anywhere else ever. From the minute we got there Andrew was awesome. So friendly and helpful.  He have us a fantastic quote and then also checked out my car as well. Not only were the prices perfect but they make you feel good. Aside from that- watching the other customers come in and out and they knew them all. They recently moved and it seemed as though everyone followed them. They were proud of their new spot and they showed it off to their customers. It's hard to find a small town feel in a garage but this place is it. I love it! We were there for about an hour and it seemed like 10 minutes. Love this place!
5	This place is awesome. I have gotten my car fixed here a few times and can only say positive things. It is always significantly cheaper than other places I get quotes from, they are honest and perform high level work, always a quick turnaround, and the staff is very personable.I definitely recommend this place to anyone looking to get their car fixed in the uptown area.
5	We have moved around the country a bit recently, and have found ourselves utilizing Yelp reviews pretty frequently to find the good local places when we move to a new area. Auto repair is one of those categories that you pretty much end up choosing between a bunch of places with 1-3 star reviews, and hoping for the best. So imagine my delight when we needed some work done shortly after moving to Charlotte and seeing a garage with ONLY 5 star reviews. Almost too good to be true, but it ended up being true for us. We took out SUV to Neighborhood garage needing new brakes, and hoping to figure out what was causing a troublesome vibration coming from the engine. I met Andy when I dropped the car off after hours and was immediately impressed with the level of attention and genuine interest he gave to the description I gave him. He actually stopped the work he was doing and got a piece of paper and pen to take down notes about my situation. The problem ended up being a pretty tough nut to crack. Luckily I was able to leave my car with Andy long enough for him and his team (working late on my car several times) to figure it out. We were EXTREMELY relieved to learn that the problem was a tricky but inexpensive motor mount. Andy had it fixed the next day, and only charged for the part for that portion of the work. In other words, he and several of his employees worked for several hours on several different day trying to diagnose the issue, and didn't charge a dime for any of it.Andy is extremely friendly, very responsive, and engaged when dealing with you. I find myself keeping a list of little nuisance issues I have been putting off having fixed just to be able to give Andy our work. I really can't overstate how happy we are to have found such a great place to go to for the type of stuff we've always dreaded until now. Andy and Neighborhood Garage will have our business -- and anyone else who asks us -- for as long as we live in Charlotte.
5	This is a hidden gem.. Andrew is a master mechanic who is so ethical he makes all other auto repair shops look bad.Today he fixed an older pick up truck for me that has electrical and lighting problems and he charged me $83. Who charges for 0.7 HR of labor? Thats crazy honest.Yesterday he fixed a 2007 Subaru that the dealer wanted $1250 to repair the air-conditioning, and he charged $83 for a freon recharge plus an O ring seal. He takes pride in troubleshooting tough problems like an absolute detective.I have 5 used cars and bring him all of my work due to his honestly. Simple integrity.Don't be put off by the dirt - Its a garage...The neighborhood is "in transition" but he pulls all the cars around to a locked yard at night.Two block walk to the New Bern light rail stop for dropping a car.Plus he always under-promises and over-delivers so take his time estimates with a grain of salt.
5	Had the BEST service here. Had some pretty major work done and everything was explained to me and Andrew went above and beyond and let me know how much life left I had on some other mechanical issues without pressuring me into trying to fix them then and there. Will only use this place in the future.
5	Having just moved to Charlotte with my '96 Camry, I was nervous about finding a mechanic to keep my old car in tip-top shape. The other reviews for Neighborhood Garage aren't lying. Andrew is wonderful. He is knowledgeable, fair and honest. Having two older cars in my household, he prioritizes the repairs and give an accurate timeline of when things need to be completed.The only downside - he is busy! I've learned that oil changes should be made about a week in advance, which are completely worth it.
5	AWESOME!! Andrew is beyond anything we could of asked for in a mechanic. He is down to earth and realistic. He knows his business. This is why he's a master mechanic. We were visiting the Charlotte area and I found his shop on here and Google. The reviews did live up to everything that everyone said. He even talked us out of getting the work done. He said we had more time before we had to spend that kind of money. He is honest and believes in treating people right. A lot of this might have to do with the way he was raised. He has two great parents and he was also an Eagle Scout. Andrew is a fine example to what can happen when you invest in your kids to help shape them to become good people later in life. His shop and team represents the best of Charlotte and what it has to offer. I only wish there were more people like Andrew in the world. I also wish there were more shops like this one. Thanks Andrew and team for everything. We truly appreciate you all.
5	I managed to make it all the way across the country in my little Nissan, but it was giving me trouble. I went to another Nissan-oriented mechanic several times but they were never able to find what was really wrong with my baby. I think they might have actually done some things and made her worse.I was fed up! So I took to Yelp to look for a new mechanic and luckily found Neighborhood Garage. They are definitely busy, but they managed to squeeze me in the same week on Saturday. After almost two frustrating hours of trying to diagnose what was wrong with my car, they finally found it.  Unfortunately it was something un-fixable, but at least now I know! Huge kudos to them for all the attempts. The vibe here and the treatment I got was great. I miss having a good mechanic I can trust, so I will definitely be back here with my new car.There's a big waiting room with books and pretty comfy seats, in case you need to hang out while your car's being serviced. There are also up to 3 dogs in the area, which is pretty awesome, but remember to take your allergy meds because there's evidence of some fur floating around. And apparently the night guard is a giant bull mastiff. Love!!
