4	Hipsters, to hippies to hobo's, to Henderson humans...at least that was my encounter to my first visit to this cozy little watering hole/guitar shop that already has more soul to it than 99% of any drinking establishment in Vegas. OK only one harmless tweeker hobo that mainly hung outside jabbering to anybody that would lend him their ear, but the hippies to hipsters part is a go. Cool crowd with Josh Ellis playing live, followed by The Seams, followed by a jam session. The guy spearheading the jam session was well versed on the ol' 6 string-impressive. This place is taking advantage of the cheap/free liquor licenses the city is doling out in the Arts District...if run right, this could be a go to spot for good live music with a chill, but welcoming crowd. VERY small inside, well appointed with a flair that would be more common east of the rockies, yet very welcome here. Lot's of potential. Extra points for no slot machines. Oh yea...they sell, service and repair custom and collectable guitars too.
4	A guitar shop with a full bar?  What's not to like?I love this place - all the folks that work and hang out here are friendly and welcoming.  The seating reminds me of some funky independent coffee houses in LA in pre-Starbucks days.  Comfy and cozy.  My husband goes down nearly every week to check out the blues jams, while I usually have to stay home studying....grrrr...The only reason the place doesn't get 5 stars is the drinks are too expensive - but with no cover charge - I totally understand they gotta make money somehow and I don't begrudge them that.  I do wish the wine quality was a little better - the glass I got one time tasted a little funky.
4	Went to Downtown Vintage Guitars last night to see the Tingerlz play. This place is pretty cool and is interesting for a venue to see a show. It is a guitar shop/bar/venue. How cool is that? The inside is funky and has different seating from bar stools to cushy chairs. It isn't too big, it isn't too small. The decor is nice to look at and it wasn't smokey. I don't believe they allow smoking in the venue. The show last night was not overly crowded so there was plenty of room to sit and watch the band. There was no wait at the bar and the selection was okay. Don't expect anything extravagant. I did get a Sierra Nevada for only $3! Oh ya, they don't charge a cover at the door. No cover + cheap drinks = Good time!Only complaint would have to be the parking situation and the surrounding areas are a bit shady. But I suppose you're going to run into that being that it is downtown. I actually had to park behind people and other people parked behind me, it creates a bit of a blocking someone else in sort of thing, but there's really no other choice, as the surrounding areas are apartments and I am sure the residents there would have no qualms about having your car towed ASAP. However - I assumed since the place was so small and intimate there would really be no problem to get whoever happened to be blocking you in to move their car once you wanted to leave. Don't know if it would be an issue if there were more people there.Overall, it's a great place to see a show! Have not been here for any guitar related issues, since I don't play so I can't comment on that part of their business.
5	Best guitar shop in vegas! Cool venue for music!
1	Included it as a stop on a trip to Vegas, March 2013. Sadden that when we arrived, the business was closed.
