4	I have lived near here for two years and always wanted to stop in for breakfast or lunch (they don't do dinner). The waitresses were very friendly and you could tell that most of the people in here were regulars b/c they were all being called by name - nice touch. I ordered coffee (black), two eggs, country ham with biscuit and grits. The food came out in about 5 minutes and it was freshly cooked and hot. The menu said their eggs are farm raised but did not ask if they were local. The coffee was refilled often and they also brought out a huge glass of ice water. I love places like this, look bad from the outside, inside it has white and black checkered floors with red vinyl seats, no frills, but the food was very good. Price was right too. I will go back :-)
4	Perfect greasy spoon!! Great breakfast and great grilled cheese!!  Service is excellent!!
5	If your're looking for a country breakfast, this is the place!Eggs the way you like them.They serve up a great cup of coffee and an excellent country breakfast.They serve breakfast till 11am.They have a good lunch menu too.The Greek salad is one of the best I've ever had.Burgers, Cheese Steaks and sandwiches.They also have real good sweet tea!Serving since 1957.
5	great local business, servers are very attentive and run around like chickens with their heads cut off they are so busy usually. this is a strange little spot but so good. everything i have had from burgers to seafood was a yummy delight. one of these mornings when im not working im going to go over there and have some breakfast!! :) ive heard great things! my only peeve about the restaurant is that they dont have a to go menu...
4	Greasy spoon joint.  Great neighborhood place serving breakfast and lunch.  Love their breakfast.  Seating is limited so expect to wait to be seated on a weekend because the locals flock to this place since its the only place nearby serving a good breakfast other than fast food. Waitresses are really nice and will make you feel at home.
4	Great food and prices. The people are really nice.  Try the greek omelet.
1	i am changing my review completely. this place is way too busy and im sure breaking fire codes by having way too many people in there. the cashier has the worst attitude ever and needs to be re-evaluated by her boss. horrible customer service, i will never spend another dime in this dive!
5	Good diner food, great people.  We love this place!
4	Great place to grab some quick and delicious breakfast in the morning. But it's always pretty full and you normally will have a wait ahead of you, especially if you arrive on the weekends. Service is good, servers are mindful and polite. Love shufflin!
5	The best breakfast in the area with a wonderful staff that knows you by name after one or two visits.  The prices are extremely reasonable.  We usually have the shuffletown special and the liver mush is fried very crispy!
5	Love this place and take guests and out of towners here for one of the best breakfast places in Charlotte.
5	I truly do love this place wonderful staff and amazing food. I always had great customer service from the staff and always a friendly face.
5	This is a great place to go get awesome food and the owners r the best!!! U will not be disappointed if u go here for breakfast and/or lunch!!
4	Shits poppin. Would give five stars but lids on to-go cups are a little iffy. Also damn how many characters do I need to type for this to be a review, the world needs to hear my voice fam
