4	Busy little take out with a great menu.  I am very picky about my pizza.  We tried a small pizza with Ham and black Olives and It was good.  We also tried a steak and Cheese Sub and that was quite good steak was very tender and not fatty meat that you usually get from some sub shops.I am looking forward to trying other items on he menu.
2	I normally *want* to help the little guy, the local Mom & Pop places that supposedly put out the best food (especially, for some reason, pizza). But I have to give this place a pass. I ordered an Italian sausage and mushroom pie from these guys not too long after they opened.... and it was a big disappointment. The crust was not too bad: nice and chewy, but could have been cooked a few minutes longer. It's the toppings that were a complete trainwreck. The Italian sausage were the same nasty, commercial "pellets" you'd get on a Little Caesar's pizza, and the sauce tasted like it came straight from a can. They were a bit too light on the cheese, too. But the worst thing was that the pizza wasn't cooked enough, and the toppings wanted to slide off the slices! When I tired pulling my first slice off the pie, I got a piece of bread with tomato sauce and a pile of toppings in the box! After carefully removing the second slice, I went to eat it and all the toppings slid off and landed on my plate!Domino's and Pizza Hut might make mediocre pies, but they have it down to a science and both charge reasonable money for their products.I'd LOVE IT if Joe's was a success. But why should I pay $14+ for a disappointing pie when I can get something demonstrably better from Pizza Hut for $10?
5	Best pizza around! I can't eat pizza anywhere else. I ordered the saturday special and got 2 large pepperoni pizzas for around 20 bucks. I had tons of pizza for days! great deal, very yummy. Highly recommend. Also, service is very fast and friendly. The place is very small but don't be put off by it. Give Joe's a shot!
4	Had the white pizza, Dec 14.  Crust was really good.  Crispy, well cooked.  It was just a little bland, but I will try them again for a more traditional pizza.  Service was fast and friendly.
