5	After spending time in Germany in the military I have a good desire for German food and this place is as good as it gets.  It is run by the folks who used to own the European Bistro.  More than a bakery, they serve all kinds of delicious German and European food.  Lots of different schnitzels and sausages and of course, real German beer.
5	Had another delicious meal here again.  I had the schnitzel with creamy mushroom gravy, red cabbage and mashed potatoes.   My wife had the goulash with spaetzel and red cabbage.  This place is kid freindly but doesn't really have a kids menu. Its best if you don't let your kids be picky about new foods.  Our kids had a chef's salad and a bratwurst dinner.  The restaurant is kind of hard to spot from the road but well worth finding it.The restaurant really has a nice atmosphere with the German music playing in the background and nice decorations from Germany.
5	My wife (who is German) and I have been eating at the various incarnations of Der Kaffee Kuchen for more than 12 years. We have never had a bad meal, although we still long for the larger menu they had when they were located on Camelback and I-17. All whining aside, we like the quirky atmosphere of their current location. It is kind of like sitting outside at a street side restaurant in Germany... well maybe not quite, but it is fun.The food is always excellent. My favorites include the Zuericher Geschnetzeltes (veal strips and mushrooms in a cream sauce), the Rinderroulade (beef roll stuffed with bacon and a pickle) and the Schinken plate (ham cold cut plate). My wife's favorite is the Beef Goulash. On holidays they sometimes have a German buffet and these are great opportunities to try lots of different things.One thing to remember is that everything is prepared fresh, so don't show up planning to eat in 30 minutes so you can catch a movie. Take you time, enjoy a beer, have a great meal and go home feeling relaxed and satisfied.
3	Food is great , service is a little slow, sometimes painfully slow when it's lunch time.
5	Stopped by today and found out they're no longer in business, so dad to see this place go. I used to enjoy coming here...
