3	Good sandwiches, especially the breakfast sandwiches which are served all day.  However dont expect any grilled sandwiches or panini :(
5	The service here is phenomenal.  This is the polar opposite of a dirty crap staffed-by-ahole-ex-convicts 7/11.  This place is clean, they have baskets full of fruit and awesome breakfast sandwiches.  Every single time I've been in here the ladies behind the counter have been exceptionally pleasant.  And there are always several people working, which means, service!  I just bought some fruit there and the lady offered to wash my apples.  Wash my apples.  Imagine that happening at a damn A-Plus.
5	Love the place.  The staff is always friendly and nice.  They remember me and how I order my food.  The food is good. Fresh.  And a great variety of small items you may need in downtown / Strip.
5	Love this place.  Always friendly. Good food and they remember I don't have cheese on my salads.
5	Man o man, the Thanksgiving In A Bun sandwich I had for lunch today from here was out of bounds! It's a turkey day dinner in a kaiser roll: turkey, mashed potatoes, stuffing, gravy with cranberry and chips on the side. They only sell it on Tuesdays. I loved it. Recommended!!! I'd love to try more of their stuff.
4	I love this place. They have almost anything you could want for lunch (soup of the day, sandwiches, salads, wraps, etc.). They even have daily specials. I love their homemade wedding soup on Mondays and buffalo chicken wrap on Thursdays. Breakfast is served all day too. The prices are reasonable. This is one of my go-to's.
5	Best deli in the strip... Everyone at work wants to somehow buy stock in their business!!! Haha
4	In the years of working downtown actually almost right directly across from the Louies I became well acquainted with it.  My visits were almost daily whether it be for a bite to eat at breakfast or lunch or a coffee during breaks, and the occasional pack of smokes if running low.  They also offer as many pointed out some grocery items, ice creams, fresh fruit and lottery.  I loved the convenience of Two Louies and the variety of options they have.  Everyday they have a special, and it was usually 6.50 included a candy bar (bite size) and a can of soda.  One Thursdays my office would go crazy as that was their Buffalo Chicken wrap day... I swear 1/2 of my office ate lunch there every single day.  They make a pretty good egg salad wrap and that is what I usually got when I went there. If you are local and need a quick meal that costs under $10.00 give it a try.
5	I work right across the street from here and let me just say the food is a wonderful mix an the staff led by Lisa the owner is great. I went with the Wednesday lunch special of Hot Roast Beef sandwich/mashed potatoes with chips and a drink. I want to point out the cost of only $6.50 and I couldn't even eat the chips. Like I need them. Give them a try. It's hard to find a lunch at this cost downtown.
5	I am blessed in that I work the same distance from 2 great delis. Any day when I don't have my packed lunch I check out the specials online. If it sounds good I'm in! I really enjoyed the Thanksgiving dinner on a bun. It was my first trip here and it's a winner. Anyone who knows me know that I'm a sucked for turkey. It's probably the only thing keeping me from being a vegetarian. I've been back 3 times since my first turkey dinner and everything I have had has been wonderful.
1	I'm not sure why people review this place so highly. Maybe it's conveniently located to them? Otherwise, the food is poor quality and very....VERY much overpriced. Selection is scarce. Service is AWFUL. Walk a few blocks and take in one of the many gems of the Strip. But this is not one.
