5	I have done many different workouts and I love this place.  The constant heart rate monitoring means you never "cheat" and the trainers and owner are great.  The workouts are never the same so it never gets boring and its like having group personal training without the cost of a trainer!!  Highly Recommend!
5	I've attended 6 workouts there so far and I feel great when I leave and I always really look forward to going back!The prices are very reasonable at $15 per session with a monthly package. I do pilates 4 days a week, so the only day I get in my cardio is at OTF. Ricky has been my favorite instructor so far, helping me burn almost 500 calories per class!There is a free, easy to use app for your smart phone that allows you to schedule and cancel your session any time which is very convenient. The thing that makes OTF so different from any class you will take at the gym or another small studio is that each person is given a Polar heart rate monitor which tells you how many calories you are burning along the way. It's displayed on a TV screen so you can watch it the whole time. The idea is to be in the "orange zone" about half your workout. The screen lets you know when you're there and motivates you to push harder when you're below orange. I know it motivates me!Side note: if you're a mom and your class starts after 10am, you can drop your kid off at Kinderland for $10/hour. It's in the same strip mall and is safe, clean, and fun!!!
5	I've waited a while to write this because, when it comes to working out, I'm usually gung ho about doing it for a few weeks and then I quit. Not the case with OTF though! I am absolutely addicted to these workouts. I've been doing this for almost 2 months and I can see some major changes in my body already. Yes, I'm building muscle and toning which is noticeable by others, but I also see a difference in my abilities while working out. Having the heart rate monitor on during the workout constantly pushes me to get into the goal zone and I've seen an improvement in my weight lifting and cardio capabilities. I joined their weight loss challenge and have upped my workouts to 3-4 times/week. I've lost weight, but I've also started toning, which is really important to me. I went from signing up for their very basic membership to joining the unlimited program in less than a month because I love the workouts so much! The workouts are intense, but the trainers, music, and energy in the room makes it doable and FUN! It's seriously the best workout I've ever done and I'm so happy I joined.  The Staff is absolutely incredible. Kaulani, the studio manager is absolutely amazing and makes me feel so welcome when I come to a class and see her. No one at the studio treats you like a "client", the treat you like a friend and make the studio incredibly welcoming.  I have to throw a shout out to AJ and Lance, because they're awesome dudes and make the experience even better. I've only taken classes with Wayne, Stu, and Dani...and it's because they're my favorites :) I think it says a lot when someone from HENDERSON drives to the Summerlin location to do an hour workout. I've even been getting up at 430 am to make the 530 am class with Stu on Fridays. They're THAT great! I can't wait to see how my body transforms over the next few months and I'm already raising my cardio speed and weight goals! I can't recommend this place enough!!
5	This is the best workout for me because it is so hard to get motivated sometimes. Love the trainers. AJ and Lance are the best. Can't forget Kelani too! OTF rocks!
5	I love otf!!! I got injured two years ago and it has been a rough two years trying to.get health enough to work out again.  Have three bulging disks and nerve damage in my left arm. It has been a long recovery and I was cleared this year to get back to the gym, well I tried going to a regular gym and I would end up hurting myself by doing certain exercises,  and when I decided to get a personal trainer even thought it's ridiculously expensive none of them would train me because I was injured. So sad they didn't want the liability I guess. Then my girlfriend told about otf and I called got my first class in for free with molly and fell in love. It was amazing. I can't do everything that is planned but the personal trainers give me alternatives and I am now going 4 times a week. Which is amazing for me because of my injury.  I work out the same muscles just in a different way and I don't hurt myself and end up having to take a break from the gym.    I absolutely love otf because it feels more like a community than a gym. The trainers are awesome they even give you nutritional advice after your workout and answer any questions about your workout. And everyone at the front desk are awesome too.  Gotta give a shout out to Lance and Aj haha holding it down at otf. Get it!!!
5	LOVE this gym!! I travel to Vegas a lot for business and I've been going there since they opened. Everything is brand-new, the workout is great, owners are amazing and most of the trainers are from Cirque du Soleil! As awesome as it gets - highly recommend it :)
5	Orange Theory is the best gym ever!!!  I have never stuck with any form of exercise routine in my entire life and OTF is the first work out facility that I have stayed with!  I never liked the feeling of big gyms and always felt intimidated.  OTF is the perfect size and the work outs are challenging and I always feel like I accomplished something when I leave.  The staff is friendly and supportive and I give OTF 10 STARS!!!!
4	Orangetheory is the best 1 hour workout that I've ever done.... I like the way the instructor pushes us to get a very effective workout.... Also they take the time to be very helpful .. I would recommend it to my friends and anybody looking for a hard cardio workout...
5	Came here to workout with my girlfriend a few days ago. As I am not the biggest fan of working out, I was astonished at not only how interested I was in their workout, but how much I enjoyed it.Half of the struggle for me when working out is staying focused, motivated, and interested. Orange Theory does 90% of that for you by structuring the workout session, providing a coach, and displaying your heart rate, what level, and how many calories you have burned on two giant flat screens for all to see. There is no better motivator than seeing immediate results, which this place delivers. The other nice fact was the diversity of the group: you had people from all different health levels working out, so you never felt out of place (as so often happens at gyms these days).Unfortunately there is not one close by my house, otherwise I would join in a heartbeat.
