4	Pretty good for a novilty pizza!  We had a thin crust sweet sauced classic pizza. Not badatall!  That 36 inch pizza was devowered in 5 minutes!!!
4	One of my close friends lives in Vegas, so I often find myself in the area. He is the type that just orders from Pizza Hut or Domino's, and my bf and I were trying to look for something that is better. We went for this place, because it was close in proximity to his house with online ordering. After leaving our hotel and getting gas, we go here and our order is ready 15 minutes before the fulfillment time! We had ordered the Suro Pizza (cheddar cheese added) in the X-Large size along with an order of mozzarella sticks. The order also came along with a free 2-liter soda, which made it even better. We paid a bit under $35 for all of it, but it is definitely worth every penny.As we head to our friends house, the scent of the pizza keeps permeating our senses. It smelled wonderful, and as we got into his house we devoured it really quickly. All of that was the perfect size for 3 extremely hungry people. The ingredients all tasted fresh, and there was a lot of care that was put into the pizza.So, great food and good service! It might not look so fancy on the outside, but the food is great.
5	This was the best pizza out there! The guys working there were friendly and helpful! My boyfriend ate every last slice because it was so fresh and delicious!!! Thanks guys! I will definitely be a regular customer now!
5	Mmmm food is great and the service matches up to the greatness of the food. I don't understand why some people say they don't get answers to their questions because I was helped out just fine. I will def. be back when i'm back in town.
3	Wanting something different, I found this place on Yelp!  There aren't a lot of good pizzerias on the Eastside, so I placed an order online with Big Mama's.  I got a call a few minutes later that they were out of  mushroom.  No problem.  I changed to Kalmata olives, which are super yummy.Very fast delivery.  We had our pizza, salad and 2 liter within 40 minutes.  The crust had a nice flavor, with the exception of a few burnt spots.  This was a good thin crust pizza that you have to fold to eat.  Just the way I like it.  The Antipasta salad we ordered was okay, not the best but not the worst I've had on this side of town.  Not sure I would order here again, but it was pretty good.
5	DAAAAANG! i was a bit disappointed when they told me it would take an hour to deliver.but then i got my pizza and BOOM! best delivery pizza ive ever had.i ordered one of the specialties. "Aro's" ill get pix next time i order and i gotta try some different things here . hope the wings are good.
5	Love this pizza! Used an in-store coupon which made it cheap, and the pizza was excellent. Filled our late-night pizza craving :)
1	The food was really good actually. It might have been better if they got the order right, and it hadn't arrived cold. So here are the cons:- It took 2 hours for them to deliver the food- They couldn't deliver to my hotel room because they were too lazy to park their car and walk it up- They forgot to give me the "complimentary" 2 liter drink they promised online- The pizza arrived cold- The caesar salad was sent to me with italian dressing for some reason- The caesar salad used iceberg lettuce even though the menu says Romaine- They forgot to give me the garlic bread they say comes with the salad- After I called to complain, the guy on the phone told me he would send me the things I am missing (caesar dressing, garlic bread, soda). It's been 5 hours...In conclusion, if you are looking for delivery, go somewhere else. They fail.
5	I was visiting Vegas from CA with my family- and WE WERE HUUNGGRYYY.We didnt have the patience to go to the strip,find parking, find food, think about what we wanted, order, wait, etc. etc. So we went here.And it was the best decision.The pizza was made quickly, it was affordable, it was delicious and the icing on the cake was the owner, Dion, was ridiculously nice.So nice that discounted our pizza (maybe on purpose maybe on accident). But he did give ma coupon good for a free medium pizza next time I came in or good at any mama and papa's pizzeria.I recommend this place to Vegas visitors and locals.
4	The white pizza is a winner, as well as the eggplant with penne. Friendly and great customer service.
5	I originally ordered delivery when this place opened a couple of years ago. That was the only time I had eaten their food until a couple of weeks ago. I had to wash my doggie beds at the laundromat next door so went there for the Big Mama slice combo with salad and drink. Probably the best pepperoni pizza slice I've had in a long time! The crust was super thin, which I truly love! Liked the crispy burnt ends as well. I ordered Italian dressing with my salad but got ranch I think, no worries. The toppings were fresh for a generic salad. The dude (owner?) was very friendly - he took what cash I had so I didn't have to use my credit card. I was about $2 short. So I went back yesterday and ordered the same thing, and tipped this time. Don't know the guy's name who runs the place, but he's a friendly guy and I will be going there more often! The pizza is delicious!
1	Would only ever come here if I was drunk because I think it is 24 hours now.  Last 3 visits over a 6 month period:visit 1: I ordered takeout by phone.  They said 30-40 minutes.  Got there after 35 minutes and they had not even started my order. visit 2: Woman behind the counter was taking orders.  After completing the orders, she went back to the kitchen (which is open) and did not wash her hands.  I'm not paranoid about this, but she had been handling money and credit cards and then sticking her hands in food!visit 3: A man (most likely the manager) and a male employee (seemed new) got into an argument over incorrect orders.  This was caused by a patron returning to the store 5 minutes before that upset because a large portion of his order was missing.  All I can say is poor management.  They always seem understaffed when it is busy and they lack any sort of professionalism.  The pizza is mediocre.  Kind of like cheap, college town pizza.  The cheesesteaks are decent.  Like I said, I'd come here again if I wanted tolerable food for a cheap price which is usually when I'm drunk.
5	Hella bomb as food. Good price and great portions.
3	They do have great food - however if you go for lunch, expect to wait a long time.  All three times I stopped by for lunch (by myself) I waited 25-30 minutes for a sandwich to come out.  Granted, when it came out I was impressed by the quality of the food and friendly staff - just don't go here when you're on a time crunch!
1	This was my fallback place when Rebel's Pizza closed down for a little while, but there were quite a few issues. As soon as Rebel's reopened, I went back and will never come back to this place.Things that Big Mama's has failed massively on include:1) Making me wait 20 minutes before taking my order because the owner wanted to fuck around with a soda display. I was the only person in the restaurant. I could understand a wait because my food was cooking etc, but to make me wait simply because you want to load soda on a shelf that's not even meant for that? Seriously?2) Same visit: A customer comes in and attempts to order a special that's advertised outside. The owner says "Sorry. It's not a special anymore." Customer says "But, it's advertised outside right now." Owner says "Too bad. I say it's not a special anymore."3) Sent my roommate in to pick up an order, and they would not let him have a copy of the receipt. I had to watch my bank statement for quite a while to ensure they didn't charge more.4) Brought in a Restaurant.com coupon. Suddenly the prices for my food increased. How am I paying more for food when I DON'T have a coupon than when I do? Just because I'm using a coupon doesn't mean my $8.99 pizza suddenly becomes $16. Had Rebel's been open I'd have left right there. 5) Jacked their price from $8.99 for a large 2 item to $10.99. Oh, and those are only "walk-in prices". If you try ordering that online or delivery, expect to pay $20ish. For those of you considering getting the Groupon for this place? Don't. Seriously, it's not worth it. Go to Whazz Up Pizza or Enzo's and spend less money for better food. You'll thank me later.
4	Love this pizza, the only pizza I will get delivered. Their online ordering needs some work but a quick phone call in and they take care good care.
5	Before I tell you about all of the good things about this place, let me tell you the only negative: the amount of gas I will be burning to get to this place, because I have to make a small trip every time I want a damn fine slice of pizza.That being said, everything we ordered yesterday was done not only with extremely prompt service, but with a smile.  The manager of this branch of Big Mama's was a real nice guy; takes care of his customers and made sure everything they ordered was done to their requests. My Wife and I ordered a few things more than just the pie because we had one of those coupon's that you could use if you ordered up to a certain amount. Personally I'm really glad we had the coupon: not for the reason that we were saving money, but that it had me try a few different things other than the Pizza. We started with the Antipasto salad: This actually exceeded my expectations of a walk in pizza joint salad: It had all the normal things that a antipasto salad would have, and a sliced pickle. Now personally I've never had one with a sliced pickle in it, but it actually added a a really nice surprise to a fairly common recipe of this salad. Would definitely eat this again. One of my gripes that I have for most pizza joints is their wings: If they don't cook it to my specifications or have a really bland sauce, then it just fails my taste-buds. I'm happy to report that again, they exceeded my expectations. The wings were cooked extra crispy like I prefer, and the sauce that was used was something I can't say I've had before. Not sure if this is a homemade sauce or an altered common sauce, but it was pretty darn tasty. Had a nice spice to it, without being overpowering.  The pizza arrived at just the right time: just after having a few wings to wet our appetite for more. The pizza was very delicious and reminded me of some of the shops back east in NY. All fresh ingredients and the crust was pretty decent to boot. Normally I don't write too much of a review for food places, but this one really put me in a different mindset: This place deserves credit for the food they serve and the service they provide.  Albeit not the best location in the valley for me personally, I still foresee myself making trips down to this joint in the future, and recommending this to all of my friends.
4	I tried this place out in January and wasn't impressed...possibly because the toppings slid off the pizza.  However, I gave it another shot after getting two groupon deals....I must say, big improvement.  The pizza is now pretty solid, they offer good deals, the service is friendly, and it is definitely on my go to list from now on.
5	Very good pizza and a really good owner. Great prices and even bigger pizza!!!!
3	Another Groupon-related review. Surprise, surprise!I have been to Big Mama's & Papa's in southern California before, so was familiar with their pizza when I saw the Groupon pop up, I was happy to purchase. We ordered the extra-large pizza with Pepperoni and pineapple (my fella's idea). Their pizza is pretty good, not the best but solid. The pizza's are HUGE! Great for large parties. It's thin crust and definitely a good value for what you get. If it was closer, I would definitely make this a regular place for deliver or take out for get togethers at my house for a big group.
5	Really loved this place! My club ordered the massive 32" pizzas a few weeks back and the members really loved it! We ordered it for the club last year as well and we will definitely order again from them in the future!
5	This place is phenomenal! The customer service here is out of this world! They officially made me a lifetime customer!
1	Calling this place unprofessionally run would be giving it more credit than it's worth.  Let's just say that the girl behind the counter was as well informed about the business as, well, me... but I sadly was paying for the privilege.  She delivered my extremely delayed lunch order to me while simultaneously executing a crotch grab - wearing shorts...  I'm still a bit queasy from it all -- however, my company was lovely - and they always make up for it, despite the challenges of dining with me. This episode in dining has managed, however, to keep our bar so low that improvement won't be difficult to find.  Surely, you can do better...I know we intend to.
1	AVOID THIS PLACE!!!  It was one of the worst pizzas ever.  I went here for the first time, because of a coupon deal... but I will never be a return customer at Big Mama's and Papa's Pizzeria.I should've known from the start when I called in my order and the young guy working there kept me on hold for quite a few minutes, before he rushed through my order and didn't even ask for my name.  He just hung up and had a careless attitude.  When I picked up the pizza, I saw the place was a dump... the booths are falling apart and it looks very run down.  It's gross to think they serve food in a place like this  :/But the icing on the cake was the ***BURNED BLACK*** pizza that I received.  In all the times my family has ordered take-out pizza, we've NEVER had one that was so badly burned.  It was inedible!!  To make it worse, the young guy working there didn't think it was a problem-- he thought it looked fine!  That's the kind of employees this place has!  It's terrible service and even worse food.... avoid it.
1	by the pool with 7 friends today, we ordered from this place because it was nearby. 90 minutes later, and 2 check-up phone calls, we had yet to see the slightest inclination of a delivery. we were told by the employee there "we cannot control traffic." the traffic? you're 4 miles away. it's thursday, and it's 3:15 pm.after reading the other reviews, we cancelled our order. 90 minutes? seriously? if there was a pizza college, this "company" obviously didn't graduate from it.
1	This place doesn't even deserve 1 star!After I called on a Thursday afternoon to inquire about their specials, the guy on the phone told me to look online and place my order there. Irritated by having to navigate the website, I called again and ordered 1 cheese and 1 pepperoni pizza. Was told there'd be a 45 minute wait....65 minutes later, I called to follow-up with the order. Before I could even ask, the guy on the phone was like, "Oh yes...the delivery guy left 10 minutes ago." Cool....I live 4 miles from the restaurant, so it shouldn't have been much longer. An additional 20 minutes later, I called for a 2nd time to ask about the pizza's and the guy on the phone was like, "Lady, I can't control the traffic!" Wow...over 90 minutes to get two non-high maintainence pizzas?! DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME WITH THIS PLACE. THE POSITIVE REVIEWS OBVIOUSLY COME FROM THEIR EMPLOYEES!
2	Not able to drive anywhere, I tried this place which delivered to me on time about 45 minutes after I ordered. Pizza is not good for just one person, so I tried to order Chicken parm, but was told they were out of cutlets or breading or something. Made the wrong choice with the Philly Cheesesteak. Meat wasn't good or tasty - think it was steak- umm style - and the sandwich was a hot mess. Steak fries that came with sandwich were a savior and new Heiz dip-it ketchup condiments give it one star. Luckily, I also ordered garlic bread with cheese which wasn't anything specatular, but at least made me not go find another menu and was edible. Looks like Big mana is a Los angeles chain, maybe they forgot to bring good ingredients up to Vegas. Pick another menu off the motel rack.
1	customer service stinks!!  front desk jerk was rude as hell.... pizza taste like cardboard and place had no air conditioning!!!  please take your business elsewhere... they just messed up tons of business as i work right down the street... word in our our huge office is to no longer patronize this hole in the wall!!!
4	The owner, Dion, was friendly. The pepperoni pizza we ordered was very good and we dined in. A $4.99 coupon for a large pizza made it even better. Unfortunately, they were out of iced tea and root beer.
4	LOL I"m splitting the the difference. I was thinking 3stars the bf was thinking 5. Its not the best pizza I have ever had nor is it the best pizza I've had in vegas. However it was Very Good! The customer service though kinda odd was very good. The funny little man that waited on us was very friendly and would fall all over himself to take care of people. Personal though it was over the top I'd rather that then no service. The pizza its self... Not bad I have to admit. I wouldn't get the Parmesan again but still very tasty. I would stick with the small size instead of the $3 up size that just was TOO MUCH FOOD!!! :)
1	Had problems redeeming my free Birthday pizza as the online system is wack. Called the order in instead but by this time my actual birthday had past by just 12 hours. Although the email clearly states my free pizza code is good for 90 days, the girl on the phone refused to honor it. Lost my business and I won't be going back. It was stupid because clearly she could have honored and I was going to order additional pizzas.
4	I ordered this gigantic 36 inch pizza for my family and I and I was surprised at how good it tasted for something so huge! It was fun seeing 30 of us eating pizza from one box of pizza, albeit a huge box of pizza. The staff were nice and polite. If you have a big gathering of fiends order one of the gigantic pizzas! It's really good
1	If I could give no stars I would. My delivers order was incomplete and food arrived burned. I'm now walking this back for a refund. Cafe Verde is good flamingo pizza is good Boston pizza is great....this was a total disapointment
