5	This was exactly what I was looking for - a great little place that sells local art.  While not super cheap, they have a wide variety of items from the affordable to the higher end.  I found so many things here I'd love to own (if only the bank account had agreed with me :).  I would recommend this as a great place for gifts, or fun treats for yourself.  Go here now and support local art!
4	Although I wouldn't classify Hatch Art House as an "art gallery", it is definitely an awesome place to peruse interesting art pieces by local Madison artists. And the best part about it is that you can take your favorite piece home with you! (:Need a hand-embroidered thank you card? They got them.Need a one-of-a-kind pair of earrings for that special someone? Check. Need a super comfy pair of recycled wool, fleece-lined mittens? They got those too.Seriously, it's a one-stop shop for all the cutesy trinkets you could ever want to buy. Tons of great prints and ceramic pieces as well! (I  fell in love with the Jenny Blasen pottery pieces. See, aren't they adorable?? http://www.etsy.com/shop/jennyblasenpottery) I gots myself a cute little ceramic Wisconsin magnet. (:Certain pieces are quite pricey - but when I think of the local artists that I am supporting, I really don't mind dropping a few extra bills. Hatch is a must see if you are visiting Willy street!
4	Hatch is SO Madison, and I mean that in the best way possible.They have unique pieces by loads of local artists and craftspeople. Items range from jewelry to Christmas ornaments to pottery to gorgeous handmade cards. They've got a nice set-up on Willy St. in a space that fits their cute, eclectic vibe. Last year I nabbed a necklace with a charm-sized map of Madison. CAN YOU SAY ADORBS. This December they've got an awesome event coming up called 50 Artists Under $50 (http://hatcharthouse.com/2013/12/02/december-at-hatch-50-artists-under-50/).
4	Three reviews? THREE REVIEWS?(Ok, now four.)When I stumble across a place like Hatch on Yelp and see that it only has three reviews I wonder if Yelpers have yet to discover this local gem. I want to run up and down Willy Street screaming at the top of my lungs, "HATCH IS WHERE IT'S AT" and when the weather warms up, I might.Madison's eastside has no shortage of places to pick up a cool or quirky gift, but what sets Hatch aside, Tammy has curated an eclectic space packed with an array of items from strictly Wisconsin-based artists. She holds so true to this important point, that when I commented on an awesome photographer she showcases, she explained that the woman was about to move to New York and she'd have to stop carrying her work. (Editor's Note: Go and pick up some photos soon!)There are magnets, felted veggies, upcycled mittens, jewelry, pottery among other things. And it doesn't stop there. Hatch hosts multiple events throughout the year featuring juried work, and in December they do a spotlight on 50 artists will great gifts for under $50. (But Izzy D already mentioned that.)
5	So last evening I wanted to pick up some local art to bring back to California and on the way to the Central Park concert, I ran in to Hatch Art.This is a wonderful shop! I was thrilled to see folk art animals, jewelry, beautiful bags, iPad covers, clothing, dishes, and sculptures.I snagged a lovely set of earrings for one of my daughters, a great I bike Madison T shirt for my husband (he will have to wait for the papier mache cow in the window, sorry as I was running low on cash)... and a really sweet clutch bag of velvet with a strap. I found some items for me too.. shhhhhh.....The owner is super helpful and welcoming.  She displays art from 53 local artists, she informed me. I would definitely come back each time I am in Madison which is not nearly enough.I have not even mentioned the great greeting cards, baby clothes, and paintings all over the place.It is well decorated and you can see all the great items very well. I highly recommend this lovely shop.  ps the prices are wonderful: anyone who goes in thinking that original art should be inexpensive does not appreciate artists who must survive and often have to struggle. I thought the prices are very reasonable. I have started my Christmas shopping here and would continue to do so even by phone, shipping my gifts to California, it is that good.
