5	I have purchased a few items from this company over the years as it is located just about a mile from my house.  Yes, they are expensive but as the old saying goes, "You get what you pay for".  In particular, about 15 years ago, I purchased an outdoor furniture set called Winston (48" round glass table, 4 ultra high back chairs, recliner and an ottoman).  These were the sling style. At the time it was hard to swallow the price but the sales rep promised me the quality was untouchable.  Well, the sales rep was right.  I have had some neighbors go through multiple sets of "cheaper" outdoor furniture over the years.  Well after 15 years, finally the fabric started to give as I and my girlfriend both broke through the fabric. My girlfriend wanted to throw them out and buy new from a big box store. I was tempted to do that but then decided to look into spray painting the very durable aluminum frames and buying replacement slings for them.  I am very handy and decided to install the new slings myself to save some money.  I ran into a couple of road blocks as it was not as straight forward as it might sound. I called the store and spoke to a Marcy who was very helpful.  Instead of pushing me away or trying to sell me new, she allowed me to speak to the tech who gave me a few suggestions.  The result is we now have absolutely beautiful outdoor furniture again that is as comfortable as it was 15 years ago.  They look brand new and we are really glad we took the effort to re-do them.  We never would have been able to do this with the "cheaper" furniture.  Thanks to Marcy, Tom and others at the Fireplace and Patio Place for being so helpful.  It made the initial price not so bad after all.  In fact if you do the math, these are now downright inexpensive if you divide the price paid by the number of years we go out of them.  So it does pay to buy good quality stuff and this store has plenty of good quality.We also purchased a stainless steel TEC grill about 13 years ago and the same hold true for that. My friends laughed at me when they heard how much I paid for it but they have gone through many cheaper grills and mine still looks brand new.  I did have to replace a few parts and the glass cooking plate a few times but it still looks and operates as good as it did on day 1.We also purchased a 2 different gas logs sets for our 2 fireplaces although we don't really use them much these days.  Maybe if the price of natural gas comes down we might use them more.
1	Called on a Tuesday to inquire about replacement sheet of glass for my TEC grill. The gentleman who answered the phone said it would cost $149, take about 3 weeks, and he wanted 50% down to place the order. Then I called TEC directly. TEC said it would be $70 and I'd get it by the end of the week. It arrived today, Friday. Talk about price gouging!
