4	daaaaaaaaaamn this store got big since the last time i set foot inside (some two or three years earlier). they have a fantastic space to wander around in. i'm not much of a comic aficionado, so i can't make an educated assessment of their stock. but i found a lot of great stuff in their small press and independently published section.
4	I am really lucky to have Phantom of the Attic as my LCS (i.e., local comic shop), as it is less than a block from where I work. On my breaks (insert laughter here), I wander into PotA and get lost in the displays. One thing I am really impressed with is the layout and feel of the space. It is modern and clean (unlike even the best comic shops I've been to) and the displays are set up really well, making it easy to look at their offerings. You'll find a wide array of current and back issues as well as omnibus collections, graphic novels, books, posters, movies, some toys, tee shirts, and more. Being the serious Star Wars and Doctor Who fan that I am, I am usually sad to see that there aren't a lot of figures representing these two franchises, but we can't all be pleased. However, what is pleasing is the staff of PotA, who are friendly and very willing to help and answer any questions you might have.Some good things to know in general:Parking is on the street and depending on the time of day or day of the week, may be hard to come by. Don't be thwarted from your quarry: look down one of the smaller streets just off of Craig for a spot, but be sure to mind the signs as parking authorities are heavy in the area.
5	Go no further, true believers! Phantom is where its at! Jeff and the guys at Phantom know their stuff no matter how esoteric your appetite is. Comic, manga, toys, movies, everything. Their new location is incredible. They, almost always, have the comic book you're looking for even if you go as late as Sunday (for newbies: new Direct Edition comics come out everywhere in the country on Wednesdays). Their back issue collection is good, not great, but their $.25-$1 bins are always catching the eye of new fans to start collecting and reading cheap.Don't want to miss the newest Batman? They have subscriptions just for you and will gladly put it together for you before you arrive (don't be an ass and order like 40 books and only pick up one a week; don't be that guy).Jeff the owner is nice, but busy (I worked at a comic shop for almost 10 years. Owning a comic book store is NOT easy). He will never forget to say "hello" or "see ya" if he is on the sales floor. The staff are smart, knowledgeable and will not, I repeat WILL NOT laugh at you for buying anything (unlike other comic shops in Pittsburgh). And hey...they even have female employees who are not just there for ratio and to look good; they know their stuff too (Personal note:Nothing is hotter to me then a girl who knows her comics).Hours are very good for the all day working to the part time student. Parking can suck on weekends and during the day, but that's Oakland for you. Check it out.
5	I've been a regular customer at Phantom for over ten years. When I started going to Phantom, it was in a different location and was the typical cramped comic shop I knew from my youth with a wall of new comics and a myriad of long boxes that occupied most of the space in the shop.Back in 2010 or so, Phantom moved across the street on South Craig to a bright, new, spacious location and set the bar for what a modern comic book shop should be. Of course, there's still a huge wall of new comics. What sets it apart from a lower-tier shop is space and the layout.  Any longtime comic book fan who buys new books on a Wednesday knows that things can get weird when there's a bunch of people on top of each other looking at new books. At Phantom, there is plenty of room to check out the latest books. Even better, they separate the current week's books from everything else that has come out over the last month. It's a little thing, but if you're a weekly customer, it really makes things easier to keep track of.In addition to having all of the latest comics, Phantom also has a ridiculously expansive selection of trades. They have it all, from The Walking Dead, to Batman, to the Boys. They also have action figures, statues, t-shirts, and all the usual comic book storage supplies.Wayne, Jeff, and the rest of the staff are helpful, friendly, never pushy, and usually have some decent music on in the background (it's always pleasant to browse comics with some Creedence Clearwater Revival on). Sign up for a subscription service, and you will never miss an issue of your favorite book. If your list is large enough, you get a small discount, too.If you live or work in Oakland and you're into comics, do yourself a favor and visit Phantom. You'll never go back to a dim, cramped comics shop again.
3	When I first moved to Pittsburgh I went on the hunt for a place to buy comic books, and so a location in Oakland was very convenient for me. I stopped in at Phantom after being recommended by other locals. They are located on Craig right in an easy place to walk if you are in Oakland; I suspect parking might be a little tricky, but easy for bus riders.In regards to appearance and selection, this is a nice store. It is spacious and has a great selection, and there are a lot of things to choose from. It is very well-appointed and nice.  Based on selection and appearance, I'd probably give 5 stars.Ultimately, I did not become a regular customer here because of the customer service. In my first visit to the comic shop, the man behind the counter stared a hole through me as I browsed, never speaking, just leering at me with a stone face. When I said hello or smiled, a terse nod was the only response. On another visit I tried to join a comics conversation between employee and customer, and was basically rebuffed; maybe I should have minded my own business, but I'm used to being able to have chit chat with other fans in a comic shop. I'd give this about 1 star. Overall, this is a nice store that doesn't give me the service I expect. If you have a good experience with the employees you'll probably love it, but that has not been my experience. I decided to shop elsewhere.
5	I'm pretty sure everybody has considered what super power they would want, and whether they would use it for good or evil.  (if you picked invisibility, you are definitely a super perv and should be ashamed of yourself)I was introduced to comic books at an early age, back in a day when they were called "Giggly Tomes" or something.  I am crazy about them, and I want everyone to read them, so we can have the best and nerdiest conversations in the world ALL the time.This place is one of the best comic book stores in the area, and has been around since I was a kid.  They've moved a few times, but the "new" place has significantly more room than where they had been previously.The staff has always been a bunch of sweeties who really know their stuff.  If you're looking for a place to start, or what's awesome in the independent section, don't hesitate to ask.  When I was a kid, they introduced me to the first US release of Akira, Maus, and later on Sandman and Hellblazer.  If that last sentence was a string of noise to you, I apologize.  They have a million trades, silver age, and new comics, as well as one of the best independent comic selections available, not to mention collectibles and nerd shirts.  Whatever they don't have they can get.  If you are new to the area and love comics, or are interested in exploring a pretty awesome and informing part of pop culture, then hit this place up and ask for some suggestions.  If there is one things comic nerds love more than having super powers, it's excitedly demanding that you simply MUST read some series or other.Seriously.  Ask my frowning wife.
4	Excellent gaming shop, convenient to campus. The only thing keeping me from giving it 5 stars is the lack of comfortable playspace. (You'll have to stand to play). The prices are pretty average for Pittsburgh, and the clientele can tend to be younger and less experienced than at similar venues, but if you're a novice looking to get in to a new game, this is a good place to start.
5	Phantom of the Attic in Oakland is by far the best comic book store that I've been to, and for that reason they have retained my business for the last 7 years.  I was around before they moved the comic store across the street and the game store into the old comic shop.  The new comic store is nothing short of comic nerd nirvana.  Of course, all the new issues are there on Wednesday, but they also have a nice assortment of bargain bin comics, manga, Indy books, trades, graphic novels, comic storage supplies, and novelty comic related items.  Everything is aesthetically laid out in custom built racks, cabinets, and drawers which is one reason why Phantom is a cut above the rest.  Another reason that Phantom continues to get my business is the staff.  They are always happy and more than willing to help you out.  They know what's going on in the comic industry and are more than willing to let you know.  I have always been thoroughly impressed by Phantom of the Attic.
5	If you are a nerd like me, you'll love this place! My boyfriend and I went in search for some new Magic: The Gathering cards and were very pleased with their selection. They had booster packs and starter packs that were a great deal for the amount of cards you got. The guy working, not sure if he was the owner,manager or just an employee, but he was very friendly and very knowledgeable to help us get the best price for what we were looking for. They also have a ton of comic books and specialty board and card games. I'll definitely be back!
