3	While en route to L'Elysee Bakery ( http://www.yelp.com/biz/lelysee-bakery-las-vegas ) in Las Vegas... remembered that I needed some more Chili Black Bean Sauce made by Master Sauce Co out of Taiwan. Didn't find any, even though 168 Market does carry Master Sauce Co products. Bought the following...   Hei Chiao Pork Sung (Dried, Shredded, Cooked) ($8.00) - What is    Pork Sung, you ask? Pork Sung, used as a topping by me in my    home-made Rice Porridge (Congee) is a dried Chinese meat item. It    has a light and a cotton-y type of texture. Basically, a lower-class    item from SouthEast Asia, American Asians really are not familiar with    this topping. You can snack on this stuff by itself or combined with    other flavor-inert Chinese items such as Tofu or Soy Milk. There are    also Fish, Chicken, and Beef versions of this shredded meat.   Chili Sauce with Black Bean ($3.00) Made by Dainty Food Co, Ltd.   Ground Chili Garlic Oil ($4.00) Made by Anhing Corp.   Chili Paste with Fermented Soy Bean ($4.00) Made by Fu Chi Foods       Co, Ltd.Since I just shopped at Marina Food ( http://www.yelp.com/biz/marina-food-san-jose#hrid:YzzLNiblHDZ57bd1dOEEFA ) in San Jose just a few months back, I noticed quite a price difference between the locales of San Jose and Las Vegas. The prices in Las Vegas, if 168 Market is typical, are 25% to 40% higher in Las Vegas than in the San Jose, CA area. There just aren't the really inexpensive grocery items that I expected. I guess that's the price of living in the Sin City...168 Market is not your typical Mom 'n Pop Grocery... it's pretty modern with spacious aisles... actually it's more like a domestic Grocery Store. The aisles aren't stuffed with additional items for sale that would be a safety hazard... and they take ATM / Credit Cards as a form of payment which is unusual for an Oriental Grocery.My daughter, who was shopping with me, asked me why I wasn't taking more photographs of this establishment... she knew I took a lot of pictures usually. I pointed out to her the mirrorized exterior glass of 168 Market... I would just be taking pictures of myself.
5	This used to be called Diho market before it changed to 168 market.  The deli area on the side has very good food for cheap. Better than panda express and at a good price too. You can get a 1,2,or 3 item combo for varying prices, up to $5.59 for the 3 item. Sodas are 75 cents. In other words this place does not rip you off, and the food is very good quality for the price you pay.
4	Parking lot is usually pretty crowded for this Asian supermarket.  But once inside, you find a pretty clean grocery store with aisles of good selections of products.  The price is also very reasonable and sometimes they offer excellent promotions.Before Greenland opened, I prefer shopping here for produces.  I think the produce quality is slightly better than SF Market.  The only thing they don't sell is alcohol (no sake! but they have Chinese cooking wine).There is also a deli attached.  The selection is better when I went during the day, and the price is average relative to other Chinese deli/take-out operations. But the food selection looks good.However if you arrive late in the day, be prepared to have very limited selections and some items that may not even be warm anymore.
4	Went to buy some groceries at 168, and pick up some items from the deli, since the apartment is still being renovated.I bought some deli items a la carte, since the price is pretty reasonable.  I also bought some dim sum items. The dim sums were average to below average, and okay if you are hungry and needs something quick, but definitely not comparable to your average dim sum restaurants around town.The store is still being kept cleaned, and the produce and meats offerings still look good.  The Asian style bakery also offers some reasonably priced pastries and other baked goods (although I have not purchased or tried anything from this department yet). Note: when I was at the deli earlier, I noticed the staffs wearing Ranch 99 uniforms, and they say that the deli is operated by Ranch 99.  I wonder if 168 Market is another subsidiary of Ranch 99, or they just contract out the deli service to them.Lastly, I am not a fan of the paper container that they placed all of my a la carte orders in, which is also what they use for the combo meals. By the time I got home the bottoms were very wet from the heat and moisture transfer. I do applaud their efforts to be more Green, and urge them to continue to look into other Green products and solutions.
4	There are tons of Asian grocery stores around Spring Mtn.But this place usually has better prices and selection (aside from Korean food).They added a bakery not too long ago, which makes it an even more attractive place. I'm a big fan. They churn out light cream sponge cake desserts and patisseries every day without fail.   The store is clean, well organized, there's a deli to the right when you walk in, but never tried the food there...it's about the only thing that doesn't look appealing.
4	168 Market has some great changes!We haven't been doing our Asian grocery shopping at this marketplace since they took over DiHo.  Although things were much more organized and the store looked clean, prices seemed a bit higher.A last minute visit yesterday has changed our minds!  First off, they now have the take out section in full swing!  $1.68 dim sum plates to go, combo meals starting at $3.95, and whole roast duck available for $15.99.  (We bought a whole roast duck last night for dinner and it was fatty good!  We were pleased indeed!  And it looked good when we opened the box later.)  They also have a bakery and coffee section too.  You can do all your grocery shopping, and have lunch/dinner/dessert before or after all the errands!When purchasing items from the take out section, pay attention to the "Order Here" and "Pay Here" signs.  Some people just don't pay attention to the signs and are cutting in front of you.  Speak up!  Some of the girls working the counter are brighter than others and more generous with their servings.  So good luck with who you get behind the counter!Since we had just shopped at SF Super an hour before, we were able to some price comparison.  Yes, they have a few things that are cheaper, but they also have a few things that are more expensive.  It's a give or take, depending on what you're looking for.Looks like you'll be finding us at both - depending on what we're in the mood for!
3	Usually, 168 is my go to place to buy fresh fish. I enjoy the market, but sometimes they are not consistent with their product brands. Some days they have it and some days they don't.Today, I am rating the take out lunch canteen. I only had $5 cash in my wallet and wasn't interested in going to the ATM to take any cash out. Considering, the to go canteen is cash only. I was hoping with their combos I can get something under $5. Sure enough, I ordered the 2 item combo for $4.59 which includes fried rice or chow mien and served with egg drop soup.  I got half of rice and noodles and ordered the entrees of sweet and sour pork spare ribs with spicy egg plant. My total with tax was $4.92! Perfect! Under $5 bucks! I was happy, although I should have taken it to go because eating it there was not too pleasurable. I started to notice flies coming in and out of the market since the to go canteen was close to the entrance and the table that I was sitting at was kind of messy! The combos are a great deal, food is good and I would definitely come back, but only for to go!
4	I find some good deals here, especially with their Buy 1 Get 1 Free Promotions that seems to rotate through different items from different brands.  This week it applies to Taiwanese Glutenous Rice that you can heat in the microwave, boil in the bag or steam.  I remembered having this before, just not sure about the brand. So I took advantage of the offer and will see if it is worth going back for more.  Oh yeah, some of the breads in the "bakery" section are also buy 1 get 1 free.  Also did a stop at the deli (~4:20pm), the dim sum looks tired and dried (the ones on displayed) so I decided against getting those, even at $1.68/order.  Instead I opted for the 3-item combo.  I wanted noodles and fried rice, but the fried rice was pretty much wiped out.  Picked the Eggplant (turns out it has some heat to it. Good!), Chicken and String Beans (alright), and some kind of Pork Chop entree. The whole thing including tax was $6.04 ($5.59 + tax).  And they do have soy sauces available (2 types in fact). Service is friendly from some, while others just have that "I can't wait to get off work and blow this joint" sour attitude.No more environmentally friendly bio-degradable paper containers, they have switched to the Styrofoam containers used everywhere.  If the food releases less grease, then maybe the Green product will still be in use.  Unfortunately grease probably accounts for 20+% of the calories.The quality of the food is okay, and falls in the greasy Chinese take-out category.  Not gourmet, and people should probably not place such unrealistic expectations on this type of convenience food anyways.  But it is so damn hot, that I don't even want to steam rice in the apartment.  And we have intermittent access to water while they do construction, so I can't even steam rice without getting bottled water first.Also on this visit, I learned that the "bakery" is also operated by 99 Ranch, just like the hot deli.The supermarket itself has been very well amintained, items are neatly organized in the shelves.  However, there are some aisles that have promotional items on sale that are placed in the middle of the aisle, but you can easily walk past it unless you are manuveuring a cart.  Prices are decent, and the specials are terrific.I will definitely be back, just like I would continue to head back to Greenland Supermarket, and occasionally SF Supermarket.
4	Let me say I went here on the recommendation of my hair dresser as the best chinese food in town.. Well. er. let me start with the good sides of this place. I went here right after I took my final in Biol 189 and treated myself to some sushi and a green tea red bean roll. MY FAVORITE. oMG this is the best treat. Their dessert area looks like something in a patisserie some stuff in there looks so fancy and delicious. I'd love to order something else but I can't if I know their red bean/green tea roll is avail (on the front side of the deli/dessert/bread area. 2nd the sushi was really good. I had a seawead CA roll. So good and fresh. Now.. the bad. I have to say I wouldnt order chinese from the side cafe area again. On my 1st visit I ordered sweet & sour pork, it was really the only thing I recognized from my americanized knowledge of chinese cuisine. Every single piece of pork had bone still attached to it.. I couldnt eat any of it. I picked at the bell pepper and pineapple but by then it was just too late.. I ended up throwing it away..but alas.. that is when I bought the green tea/red bean roll for the 1st time and discovered its glory.. so you see, everything happens for a reason! I'd def. come here again and again and try new things everytime I come.. oh and the green tea adsuki rolls. oh and they have great looking icecreams but whenever i'm there i'm never going straight home so I cant partake of frozen goods.. But one of these days I will.
4	I'm reviewing the restaurant inside the supermarket NOT the supermarket as a whole.The food here is surprisingly really good and SUPER CHEAP (like $1 cheap). They have solo dim sum entrees to the right and a traditional Panda Express Chinese food setup to the left. The fried rice there is GOOD (not too greasy and very flavorful), and we usually order one of that and then a bunch of dim sum entrees (you can't go wrong with their selection, it's typical delicious, greasy, Chinese food).Service is instant.NOTE: DO NOT try to speak English to any of the employees because you'll get wide eyed stares and then they'll do something to your order that is the opposite of what you wanted to screw it up. ALWAYS keep it simple with these places. Point to what you want, nod, and then pay.
4	168 Market was 2nd on our shopping route this morning.....The Better Half (TBH) had a few things she wanted to get here.This is our Asian "Go To" spot.  Since TBH does most of the shopping here, I wandered around.  I like to look at all of the exotic food and wonder what you do with it.  Today, I found a huge melon....Don Qua....these things are massive!  (see pics)  They're bigger than Watermelons....but they're very dirty....ie they have dirt on them still....what the heck do you do with it?  How do you prepare it?  How do you store this thing?  I don't know....but it was very interesting to me.I then browsed my favorite aisle....the aisle with the Hot Sauce.  Asians know what Hot Sauce means.....they don't mess around.  I bought a jar of the Garlic Hot Sauce and a small bottle of Sriracha.....I'm sweating just thinking about it.  Sooo cheap for huge bottles of Kick-Ass!TBH completed her shopping and at the checkout line we ran into a Thai friend of hers that told us they made fresh Soy Milk there....we were already checked out, so her friend gave us a small pint of Soy Milk to take home with us.  TBH tried it and said it was awesome!Another successful day in 168.Will I return?  Of course!
5	This used to be Diho Market.  I really like it regardless of name.  Since I had quite a bus ride to get there, I would make a day of shopping in all the Chinatown markets before hauling myself and my purchases home.The selection is amazing (to me, at least), the market seems clean and well-lit, and the aisles aren't as narrow as in most Asian markets.  None of this detracts from SF Market (more emphasis on Vietnamese foods), 99 Ranch (more Chinese) or Seafood City (not in Chinatown--emphasis on Philippino foods).  Still, if was going to make only one stop for groceries on a Chinatown excursion, this would be my choice.I wish the Reno 168 Asian Market was as good as this 168 Market.
5	I love this place. I used to go to 99 Ranch Supermarket but stumbled upon this place. The aisles are more wider so i don't have to worry about bumping into other carts. It's not as crazy and jam packed as 99 Ranch and the staff is definitely more nicer and helpful too. I love coming here for Asian products. I even bought my first shabu pot and gas grill along with all the goodies to eat with it. They have everything you can imagine for Asian cooking.
3	It was our first visit to 168 which just so happen to be days before Thanksgiving, so parking was CRAP. It took forever to find a spot to park! But once you get passed that, you get inside and it's basically a Seafood City or Ranch 99 location that's a tad closer to us and has fewer selections than the locations mentioned. We were able to find what we needed but their aisles and setup in the vegetable area made me pretty damn claustrophobic! When I can barely get my 168 miniature sized cart through the aisle, how the heck is the on coming traffic of another miniature cart supposed to get through?! It bothered me purely because it was busy and it was kinda frustrating to get around, fire code?
4	Love it.I have to admit, I rarely (ie. never) cook or need actual groceries for my home, but when I do I often head to 168. I love the bakery, produce and prepackaged food sections. Again, because I don't (ie. refuse to) cook I have no need for actual ingredients so these sections come in handy. I like to stock up on all the inexpensive and fresh fruits and veggies as well as snack items for my week. They have an extensive selection of chips, crackers and cookies to choose from. The bakery section is fantastic as well. I often leave with goodies that I know won't make it past the evening, much less the car ride home. On the occasion that I convince my man to cook I often stock up on inexpensive meats, rices, noodles and sauces. All I have to do is bribe him with some bakery goods from 168 and voila, home cooked meals.  Definitely a market I frequent.
4	So I come here when I need to shop for my asian food.  I can always spend a lot of money here since they carry a lot of the snacks I love.  They have a dessert and food spot, too, so if you don't feel like cooking you can pick some up here.  Prices on items are reasonable.  Parking and location is of course on Spring Mountain where all the other asian markets are but closer to the west side.
5	Definitely the place to go if you are looking for Asian cooking ingredients that you won't find in the bigger name supermarkets and if you are not brave enough to venture into 99 Ranch Market.  Great butchery department, as well as seafood market.  Frequently you can find some really good deals on produce as well.  Prices for just about everything are a little less that prices you find in the chain supermarkets, and they carry some items more commonly found in the chain stores.  I end up going to this place for odds and ends you can't get at the chain places about every two or three months.
4	More expensive than sf market, but they do have fresher produce.So we decided to buy groceries at 168 market this past Sunday.   We used to come to this market prior to the opening of the big SF market.  Anyhow, since we ate Chinese Donut, Soybean Milk and more at Taiwan Deli next to this market, we decided to shop here.They have a lot more stuff going on than what I've remembered.  Oh the vast amount of sweet and savory bread that I can chose from was so awesome!  I bought more bread than I can finish, but no worries, they are not expensive.  My favorite bread is the danish milk butter roll, $1.50 (can have 2 breakfast out of this roll).  They also have the deli, which appears to be clean that morning.  They got roasted duck, roasted pork, all sorts of goodies that one may pick up if he/she doesn't wanna cook.  The fruits and vegetables were very fresh and colorful.  Right now, you can get a case of mangos (8 huge ones), fresh from peru (so it says), for only $4.99!  Plus, this super market is clean for the most part.  I will definitely come back for more carbs after tasting how yummy they are.For those who have never visited this market, it is a must.  You will be amazed at the prices, selection, and stuff that you will never find in Albertsons!
1	Hot deli services review only!I really hate how disorganized the hot deli service is at 168. There no sign that tells you where the line is for ordering/paying. There are times when I just walk up to the cashier and order. So, I decided to get in the same line to place an order and when I reached the front, the cashier girl tells me to get out of line and get in another line to order the food. WTF! I don't understand why she can't just pick a few items to the left of her that I needed. It was really pointless to get out of that line when, what I needed was right next to her. All I know is that I will never order food from that place ever again!!!!!
4	I've been saying for a long time there is no place to get quick dim sum to go but alas I found it at 168. Just for a quick bite, I came here for their sticky rice wrapped in lotus leaf. The order came with two pieces and it was only $2! You can't beat that and it was also pretty darn good.  On a previous visit, I tried some of their other dim sum offerings. I don't remember what I ate, but I did remember it was good enough to come back.
1	before i love this asian market ...but yesterday i buy a siopao when i got home and open it  there was a mold that was gross!!!  and now i learned dont buy a sale product coz u dont know if is expired or something inside of it.. if im a bad i can sue them!!
5	Wayyyy better than 99 Ranch or SF. They've got much fresher produce and a cheap bakery section. Always gotta pick up a Sponge Cupcake along with my groceries.
4	79 cent cupcakes (the chinese kind that are super fluffy and have no frosting), 60 cent coffee and the $5.99 3 choice combo was burgeoning, barely able to contain itself in its styrofoam housing, not to mention piping hot, delicious and lovingly over salted. Sure, it's in a depressing crappy stripmall but isn't practically everything these days? Nice spacious aisles and friendly service. A good detour when Las Vegas Blvd gets too backed up. Did not buy groceries just did the fast food.
4	Good prices here, and lots of stuff on sale.  I got some Fuji apples for only 59 cents a pound - unusual for these days.  I can't even get them that cheap up in the Northwest, where they are grown.  And got delicious semi-dried persimmons for only $1.69 a pound - that price is hard to beat.  If I lived in Las Vegas I'd be shopping here a lot.
2	This rating is for the counter/cashier for the cook food. I agree with the comment that this ordering/ paying is just unorganized. I hate it when i was there to buy dimsum but ignored that those who are buying food on the right side of the counter.Please add more cash register .
4	How to say.. Hmm... 168 Market.. Originally known as Di-Ho which my parents still call it by.It's not very very clean, it's an Asian market. Sorry guys.But when thai tea is in stock, Andrew is happy!! :D 2 for $2!They have a food court.. Milk tea boba for cheap!! If you're in the area & it's still open.They have an aquarium! LOL!That's about it.. I think rice is cheaper here.. Not really sure. I'll update this review when I revisit.. Probably some time next week with mother.
4	I remember reading some reviews about 186 so thought I'd check it out. We cleaned out with our couple over filled wagons of goods even forgot we didn't have much room in the car. Was like we was practicing for the SUPER MARKET SWEEP. They have a good selection Hawaiian goods here even the Maui sliced pickle takuan which I haven't eaten since I was back in Hawaii. Like their fresh in tanks clams, oysters, crabs, prawns, and stone fish. The have a good selection of fish that were on ice, some did look old though. They'll clean your fish but from what the guy behind the counter told me, they don't fry it, even with a big fryer behind him. Maybe they were going to remove it? They have a nice selection of everything, spices, fish sauces and other sauces, snacks, desserts, boba and halo halo ingredients might even save me from driving all the way to Seafood City. Cheaper fruits and veggies like Food4Less. Papayas from Hawaii. A bakery with cakes and pastries and little restaurant in the corner. Cheap bag of 40 lbs jasmine rice for under $20. Spacey place
5	For my Portuguese Egg tart fix, I come here to Market 168/168 Market. I usually buy a few and put it in the fridge.  before i eat them, I would warm it up for about 10 seconds in the microwave then into the convenent oven for about 5 minutes it goes.  Now I don't know how it stand up to one you might get in SF or China Town in NY but  I am pretty satified with the taste.  The Crust is flaky and not soggy at the center.  The filling doesn't smell like egg (The custard usually shouldn't smell like eggs...)   Their other pastries are pretty tasty and very cheap as well.  I usually grab a few of the cheese puff Milk butter bun and croissant hot dogs.  Overall, great place.  Their hot deli is good too.  You could grab 3 item dim sum/pastry for $1.88.  Way cool.I drive for miles once a week to grab this stuff. :)
4	Go there regularly to get Chinese veggies and seafood. They had live stone crab recently for $2.99 lb. Awesome price for live seafood. Nice bakery section with fresh bread and cakes. Place is bigger and nicer than 99 ranch.
1	I purchased a jar of palm sugar . I had it in my pantry for about 3 weeks. I opened it today and there was mole flowing on top of the sugar & lid of the jar. I took it back to the store to exchange it. The store clerk refuse to exchange it because I did not have my receipt. I explained to him that I have never had problem with purchases from the store . And I shop there 2 time a week & was accumulating so many receipts I decide not to keep them. He was very rude and lie to me there was no manger in the store. I will be reporting them to the Southern Nevada Health District.
4	I used to go to this market long ago and for a while it was a straight downhill. It was so nasty smelling in there that we didn't ever bother again. A few people told me it's a bit cleaner and  they added a bakery. Decided to give it a try again and it's definitely better smellwise. Seems like the fish area is cleaning up a bit better. Since the bakery is a new addition we picked up a few items and pretty much all of them were good, but the standout was the really good and custardy Portuguese egg tarts! Surprisingly, one of the best I've had in town. Groceries are about on par with all other groceries though I slightly prefer the selection at SF market.I think I will be back for those egg tarts though!
5	Low prices & excellent selection.  Who knew living in Vegas would be so freakin' cheap.
4	Great place for produce and Chinese groceries.  The best part about this place, though, is its bakery.  Its cakes are FABULOUS (try slices of their vanilla cream and cappucino cream).  The only reason this place does not get a 5-star rating is because the service at the bakery, at times, can be AWFUL--namely from a mainland Chinese woman in her 40s-50s.
4	If you're looking for cheap eats or if you're hating on Panda because of the servings you're getting, this is the BEST Place for you.For $5 bucks you get 2 entrees and your choice of chow-mein, fried rice or white rice. It's not only cheap, but tasty as well. My personal fave is the $4 Chicken Katsu bowl and their servings for that are more than what you can get than an $8 meal at some fancy Japanese restaurant.This joint's also near to CSN West Charleston so if you're a typical broke student like me and you need a serious chow-down, better consider this place than what McDonalds' across the street has to offer.
3	I enjoy coming here every now and then to eat their amazingly affordable dim sum and fast Chinese food. The food quality is not the GREATEST, but you'd be amazed how much food you can buy for under $10! My boyfriend and I are usually completely full and still have leftovers for under $8-10. So if you're tight on money and want to enjoy some Americanized or authentic Chinese food that is fast and convenient, definitely check this place out. Let's not forget to mention the bakery and the large supermarket with a huge variety of Asian groceries :). Good place to shop and eat all in one place. I still prefer Greenland Supermarket for food quality and groceries; however, this place beats Greenland in prices and convenience.
5	My fave Asian market in town. Great selection, good prices, and usually they have what I'm looking for. It's also just outside of the Chinatown madness which earns it an extra star. The bakery inside is also quite nice.
4	This is one of my favorite places to go for japanese snacks.The prices are usualy less then the supermarkets wich comes in handy.I got a few bags of the grape gummy knock of brand and a tube of the strawberry chocolate gummy things good deals here :)Plus this is the only store ive ever been able to find the MELTY BLEND chocolate they had 3 diffrent flavors strawberry,milk chocolate,and milk tea chocolate
4	I came here with a friend who is into these so-called 0-calorie noodles people seem to be into. I was here to look for crates of young Thai coconuts, though- and I was not disappointed. 9 coconuts for $7.99? Heck, yeah! They are $1.69 apiece right now at Cardenas, and over $2.00 each at Whole Foods (of course!).  I've been to other Asian markets and found them overly crowded with smells I found to be unpleasant. This one has wide-enough aisles, and I only smelled strong odors near the fish-frying area.  I was excited to see prepared foods on the premises- I'll have to try a hot meal some day.  The produce area is large with a nice variety of imported items. Crates of other produce are available, if you're into bulk buying.  Champagne mangos were $10 a crate for MANY mangoes while separately they sold for $1.09.  They have a housewares section like many grocery stores have. One time I bought a tabletop fan and the girl took it out of the box to have me inspect it. Ok.... that was nice but it made me worry. I couldn't see anything obviously wrong with it.   Now that I've had the fan for a couple of months and have dealt with its weirdly fluctuating metabolism, I'm not so surprised about the inspection.  The fan makes me nervous when it speeds up for no reason, but I don't smell smoke (yet), so there you go.
4	Good for Chinese style good and other asian fare, as well as specific Asian style of foods, condiments, and spices. Service with the fresh meats and fish department is great and always helpful. Often, some of the more "exotic" fruits and vegetables are less expensive than at the major grocery store retailers. However, they haven't caught on to the whole organic things...
5	I love the fact that they have what I need. Indonesian groceries. I do love the bakery mart too. I am glad for 168!
3	This is my go-to spot for quite a few of my Asian food needs.  I was so happy to find Sun Noodle Brand saimin (shoyu style).  OMG! So good!  Also any of the pastries with hot dogs (for the hubby) and some milk tea for myself.  The first time I had the milk tea, it was perfect.  My problem is I don't like the boba, so I always gotta get someones attention to make me a fresh cup with no back/brown balls.  Every time that seems to be a problem, I don't know why.  Then they either don't put enough ice or don't mix it before pouring it into the cup (super sweet). So, I just had to quit getting it from here.Overall, I'll still be back for my cooking needs.
3	Taiwanese Supermarket, They have most the Taiwanese cooking sauces etc. That other supermarket don't carry. They have more fruits & veggies variety compare to the other Asian markets. But it's a bit more $ here. They also have pre-made food here & a bakery. The bakery stuff is ok not all that. The pre-made chicken wings are pretty ok. The beef intestines are ok but needs more sauce. But they don't have the steam black bean or lotus buns in the freezer area. Seems like no where in Vegas has it. Oh wells.
4	One of my favorite markets when I lived in Vegas, mostly because of their bakery and hot foods section. The fact that you can get amazing dim sum for less than $2 a serving is awesome. Their baked goods are always fresh and decently priced, for the most part. As for their grocery section, they have a very good selection of various Asian products, as well as seafood. Their produce section is okay, although not the freshest.
4	This market is my to-go market for Asian goods.Fresh veggies, great meat & seafood section.Good selection of all Asian ingredients from Thai, Vietnamese, Korean, Japanese, and Chinese. Also the food court section is not bad and cheap for a quick weekday lunch. It can get a little busy here around lunch time though.They have never disappoint me unlike some other Asian markets in town.
4	I was in the area and had heard about this Asian market, so I figured I'd drop in. It is much larger than other Asian markets I've been to, and the selection of foods is quite varied. There is a great selection of all kinds of ingredients, and lots of yummy snacks like roasted seaweed chips and thousands of types of rice crackers. There is also an incredible selection of tea, most notably in the rear, there are some very expensive varieties that are usually difficult to find. There is also a decent selection of sake and wine, along with more conventional liquor. Prices are also extremely reasonable! The one and only disappointment was that among the multitude of asian veggies for sale, they do not sell fresh edamame. I wonder where the local sushi bars get theirs?? But, even given that I will definitely come back to shop here.
4	This is my favorite Asian market in las Vegas because it's clean and spacious. Plus it has everything you need in terms of Asian ingredients.
5	This review is only for the bakery:Portuguese egg tarts are the only words you need to know. I have been interested in coming to 168 because of the bakery inside. After a few words from a fellow yelper that I trust, I came running in to get a pack of these flaky, buttery, creamy, fat laden morsels. While I was at it, my sister and I got a pack of their green tea cake rolls with a red bean center, and a few sweet potato breads. The tea flavored cake had a distinct green tea taste that is not drowned out by a normally sweet red bean. The tuber bun was also delicious, but nothing compares to those egg tarts. They come in a pack of two for $2. Easy for sharing or perfectly fine to hoard. I tend to push food off onto other people and I was debating on snatching them both for myself.
3	Brought my family here while they were visiting. We're a little weird sometimes -- when travelling, we check out the local supermarkets and strip malls than going to a tourist destination for the afternoon.The bakery has a nice assortment of baked goods, including mmm po tat (Portuguese tarts). My mother and I agreed that they were of good quality for the price.The market itself is easy to navigate and clean. It does not have that "super bright fluorescent" feel I get from some supermarkets. We found a number of pre-packaged items and brands that we normally don't see up in Portland's Asian markets. We got herbal-flavored instant noodles, marinated/pickled items in glass jars, zongzi.. As for the produce, it was okay. Some items were not the nicest or freshest. We picked through the lotus root and most of them were on the brink of mush.I'll be back again for their pre-packaged / canned / jarred items.
4	Remember that part in the first Matrix where Morphus was explaining to Neo about how people were plugged in and the woman in the red dress walked by and Neo got distracted and when he turned around there was an agent whipping out a pistol?168 is like that...cept the woman in the red dress is the bakery and the deli. So here's a typical trip to 168 for me: Okay i need this this and this and i know where to find it so dry stuff and sauces first, tag proteins as secondary, and veggies last. herpa derpa dooo...wonder what they got at the deli...oh hells no they got the dim sum that i love and it's 5pm?! better get only one since it's possibly not very fresh any more...ooh preassembled bowls or plates of food...sweet predinner snack...ooh look at those ducks..ENOUGH!!! okay off to the register...oh look a bakery...oh hells no pork sung bun with curried onions in the middle...ooh garlicy...they put a hotdog where?aaaaannnndddddd there went the dinner plans...
4	Stopped in here for some of their bakery goods.  The taro bun cake and the chocolate bun cake are very fresh and really good.  There is just a bit of pastry creme inside.  I don't usually do the shopping, but I enjoy strolling through the isles looking over the goods.  I love Asian markets and enjoy discovering new things. I usually have to ask my husband what it is and what it's used in, and often find it intriguing.This store appears clean, smells aren't too bad, and the prices are pretty good!
4	This (and Smith's) is my family's go-to grocery store. We come here every weekend whenever my mom feels like making Asian food at home. It has a nice variety of Asian products ranging from Chinese to Filipino and everything in between, which is nice since we won't have to go to multiple locations. We used to go to 99 Ranch but ever since we moved farther out west, this place is very convenient. I love going from aisle to aisle just to discover new items to try. From hair products to junk food, even new tea to drink. When I was making pho from scratch, I was able to buy every detailed ingredients in one place. They are complete with lots of herbs and spices, sauces, powders, you name it! Their facility is also very clean. If you end up having a language problem with an employee, it won't be hard to find someone who can speak English. I'm pretty sure majority of them can speak English anyway. And I love their bakery/deli selections. I buy the pastries to bring for lunch, and I like to order their dim sum whenever I'm craving them but wouldn't want to go to Orchid's Garden or Chang's by myself. Their deli items are pretty good for the price. Instead of going to Panda Express, I'd advice you to go here instead. It's authentic and very affordable (roughly $5 for 2 combo), and their servings are HUGE.Plus, they have a FREE fish-frying service!
4	168 Market is a pretty nice market for an Asian market.  It's pretty clean and not too bad.  It has a lot of different items for your need.  They sell fresh seafood- lobster and crabs and the like that swim in a tank.  They have a butcher area where you can get different kinds of meat.  They have a food court are where you can get dim sum, lunches, and sushi.  I normally don't go there because I'm use to better tasting food.  It's alright, but I prefer home cooking to that. Their bakery is really nice and has lots of yummy things.  Sometimes if the bread is going to expire the next day, they offer half off.  I love the variety of food that they offer in this grocery store!
4	I stopped here to get a gift card for a friend.  They had them at the register, were quick to get one for me, and I was on my way in a short time.  Now, I have to go back to 168 and check out their goods as my friend really enjoys shopping there.  I'll update my review after that visit.
4	This is one of my go to Asian super markets, it is not however my favorite for my ingredients.  I find only a few of them here.  The Tea Isle is amazing the snack Isle is always a fun time.  They do sometimes have great GREAT deals on fish and seafood but it is one of those things you have to know the times of year or a network of friends checking daily!I go out of my way to get my Ong Choy the only place I can find it regularly and even off season at a slightly marked up price.I my opinion the BEST place to grab a bowl of hot Congee with preserved egg (but not to much egg to over power) at $2.25 per HUGE bowl and a line that moves but moves confusingly but what doesn't for a white girl in any china town place ;) 2 stars for the Market 1 star for the Ong Choy I cannot find anywhere else and 1 star for the quick fast cheap Dim Sum mostly the Congee = 4 stars...
4	So I needed to get some hot pot materials here at 168 market. I actually prefer it rather than going to Ranch 99 area, it's more spacious and not as crowded and YOU WONT GET RUN OVER BY CRAZY ASIANS, pushing and shoving,.. it's impossible there so much room to move around in the damn store!  This market is pretty much complete, they have everything I need, as far as hot pot materials they have the ready sliced meats for hot pot ready in packages. I might also add there is a bakery in front of the store you can buy some pork buns and bread stuffed with deli items for dirt cheap, great for a snack. on the further corner in the front they have a few food stalls that sells ready made food you can buy in bulk if your looking for dinner for your family. I have to admit they have more imported snacks than Ranch 99, if your looking for your favorite Chinese snacks you will likely find it here.,
5	Holy Sh!t! I actually found a place in America that sells it. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=BYBNXCQYA8BT7SMEia3nIg&userid=JM0GL6Dx4EuZ1mprLk5GygIf you have noticed, a lot of Japanese nationals will refer to MSG as "MGM" instead. And they are correct as well. Ajinomoto is not just MSG, it's better than MSG. It's the company that first invented MSG back in the early 1900s. Now, the liberal media here in American does nothing but attempt to vilify our culture, so they will say things like: "Ajinomoto(MSG) is linked to headache, swelling, chest pain, and loss of energy". The truth about Ajinomoto is that there is absolutely no scientific evidence that it is bad for you. Even the Mayo Clinic's researchers have come to that conclusion. My argument that Ajinomoto is safe is that we East-Asian people have been consuming since Kikunae Ikeda invented it, yet we live longer than Westerners, and we are WAY HOTTER than Westerners.  I don't mean to brag but I'm a f*cking good looking guy, and I might have had more Ajinomoto in my diet than anyone. On a serious note, the other night Shogo-San told me a story about his youth in Kyushu and how when the Ajinomoto plant opened up next to his house, everything in the surrounding area died.
5	What's not to like about 168?! this review is more geared toward their food (not dim sum counter)They have a plethora of fresh vegetables and fruit. They carry the exotic, and international selections when in season. Also! they have a large selection of mushrooms, from enoki, trumpet, portobello, shitake and king! Mushrooms are supposedly the king of umami if you didn't know :)The fresh fish selection is always interesting to look at. I never really buy anything from this area but know they can clean the fish and fry it up if you wanted. The meat counter is typical but... when I make pork dumplings, I ask them to double ground one of the pork pieces I pick out. This makes the filling softer my mom tells me. Thanks mom for the tip.
4	I've been twice so far and I really like it!! Lots of choices on Japanese snacks, ramen, meat marinades/ spices, vegetables and so on. They even have what I call the odd snacks such as strawberry flavored puffs (look like cheese puffs but strawberry flavored) in the chip aisle just screaming for me to try. Plus I really like the container/bowl area with the rice ball containers, bento boxes, and bowls. I have yet to try the food in the food court area. I like coming to places like these right when they open to avoid the long lines but at that time the food court was still putting out food. As far as pricing goes, personally I think the prices are better than Greenland and the international store. My only gripe which has caused me to knock off a star is some of the bake goods that I tried. On my first visit I bought 2 large cupcakes (chocolate and a pink one which was probably strawberry?) and a mango sandwich cake slice. The presentation and the price made me excited. $1.90 each!! But when I tryed them a day later I wasn't impressed. The pink cupcake lacked any sort of flavor, but the chocolate one had a hint of cocoa flavor which was sort of alright. The mango sandwich cake was awful. again it had no flavor and the frosting in between was as hard as plaster cauking after it's dryed for a few hours. I visited again today and bought a custard bun. I'm really hoping for a good experiance from it.Other than that I really like 168 Market and I plan on making it my go to shop for Asian groceries.
4	I love this place! They carry some Japanese items I need esp. the Japanese facial cream I use. Parking sucks and people are very impatient. Everytime I go there, I got honked at to hurry up. But other than that, I try to come here early in the morning when not too many people are shopping.
1	People working there are so rude. They chatting with coworker while I am waiting to check out. They told me to wait. And the cashiers so rude, no smile, anger faces. Make me feel uncomrtable.
4	Long time shopper, first errr... no third updated review.168 Market. On the corner of Spring Mountain and Jones.  Just down the street from Walmart, Greenland (Korean supermarket) and SF Market (Asian supermarket with good selection of Vietnamese items).  Conveniently located near a good number of fine Asian restaurants within a few blocks, which you should probably visit first before conducting your grocery shopping ritual (you have heard about some study where people spent more money when they are hungry at grocery stores, right?)168 Market is one of the top Asian grocery stores in Las Vegas.  If you need Asian ingredients to prepare a Chinese/Filipino/Vietnamese/Japanese/Thai/Korean/Malaysian/Cambodian/Hmong/Taiwanese dish from a recipe you found online or a cookbook, chances are good that you can find it here.  Planning to make dumplings and need some dipping sauce to complete the experience?  They have almost too many soy sauce candidates (i.e., regular, low sodium, thick, light, name brand, generic, ponzu, Chinese, Taiwanese, Japanese, Thai, for dumplings, aged, ) each vying to be the ONE, just like all the men on speed dating events.  Craving fresh seafood?  Look no further than the live fish, lobster and crabs in their fish tanks, usually at a "that's a really great deal" price.  They also offer the complimentary service of deep frying your fish (so you don't have to stink up your house).  Their vegetables and fruits selections and weekly promotions are also very good.For tea drinkers, they have a large selection of teas from major tea producing regions at various pricing tiers.  You are sure to find a decent commercial product at a good price.But their deli and bakery are truly hidden gems, which are value-added services that positively contribute to 168 Market as one of the better options as your grocery shopping destination on Spring Mountain/Chinatown.  The deli offers Chinese takeout menu and limited dim sum items at reasonable prices.  Some of the items are on the greasy side, but it is still very good on days/nights when you don't feel like cooking at home.  The freshly made Pineapple Short Cakes (~$1.59) are two thumbs up good (Thanks Bobby Y for sharing this).4 stars!
4	I like going to 168 better than 99 Ranch.  It's much cleaner and organized, less chaotic and finding a parking spot won't give you a massive coronary.  It doesn't smell funky either.  Everything Asian (food product-wise) that you might need is here.  They have grocery items, a bakery and an Asian food stall when you walk in the store.They have live seafood swimming around in the aquariums.  Their lobsters are huge.  You can also get sushi-grade fish here.  All sorts of Asian goodies can be found here...from Japanese, Korean, Filipino, Chinese to Vietnamese.  They have goodies that remind me of my childhood such as those candy wafers wrapped in paper called Haw Flakes, White Rabbit candy, Ramune (Japanese soda), fish crackers and potato chips.  You can also get fruits that are hard to find like tamarind, sweet lychee, Philippine mangoes, dragon fruit, rambutan, mangosteen, jackfruit, etc.So far, I haven't had an experience of crazy old ladies hitting you with their shopping cart at this store!  If we get hungry and are too lazy to cook, we can easily grab something to eat from the food stall.
4	Not gonna lie, but 168 is the only Chinese market that I even go to. I'm a creature of habit and I'm not sure if its because the location is easier to get then driving another mile east and dealing with more crazy Asian drivers or because it has good BBQ pork. I've never had an issue with any of the items at 168...and their bakery selection is pretty decent. Like I've said before I'm a huge creature of habit so my favorite items are the red bean mochi (the 4 pack not the 6 and no it's not the ice cream), assortment of Asian ramen, cupcake from the bakery, condiments, noodles, drinks, Asian snacks and BBQ pork. The BBQ pork is found in their lunch/cafe section. A decent price for some delish BBQ pork. This place is clean and prices are reasonable. I definitely will be back!
4	My go to place for my Asian fixes.  If you shop at the various Asian markets on Spring Mountain, you would know that 168 is Chinese owned.  I find that this place is actually a whole lot cleaner, not as crazy busy as the other markets, they are very quick at the registers, even with bagging your items too, and friendly cashiers.  Huge aisles for Teas, Noodles, and Sweets, fresh produce, and they have great deals.  The deals are also announced on the PA system in both English and Chinese.  They have a Bakery and a Chinese Restaurant located inside this market, too.  Misti mentioned the $3.99 p/lb for the Dungeness Crabs, and we too have gotten that deal.  Man we order plenty and chow down when we get that deal.  Haven't seen it in a long time, but a prime example of a deal that you could find here.  Oh, If you like oysters, you can order it by the box, just ask politely and they give that to you.  I like to also get my fish from them.  You can have them clean it and even fry it up for you.  So, head to the seafood area, pick your fish out, have them clean and cook it and go shop for your other items while they do all that.  Awwwwwesoooome!
4	I love this store! They have everything! And their prices are just right! I love shopping in ethnic stores, and I could just browse and buy in here all day! Short lines, friendly service and good food with a very good selection! :)
4	I went to 168 last Wednesday (6/12/13) for the first time, just to pick up some of the supplies I needed to make homemade dim sum dumplings. I was completely blown away!!! There are aisles and aisles of asian goodies - snacks, crackers, candy. The meat selection is amazing. They have types of meats you can't find anywhere else in town!! I stuck to my list, but I will definitely be looking for some more adventurous recipes and will be back to get the ingredients! I also noticed a huge produce section and walked through it, even though I had already purchased the produce I needed. Everything looked very fresh and they had an enormous selection of mushrooms. I would definitely go back just to get my usual produce.Go to this place! It will get you very excited about cooking asian recipes!!
5	i love this store. i am originally from Taiwan and i miss so many delicious foods. i buy lots of ingredients here to make my favorite Chinese food at home. they have everything here: sauces, noodles, rice, even utensils and cookware. all items in bakery are freshly made and the bread is to die for. the most amazing part of this store is the hot food bar. they have reasonably prices, totally addictive to-go dishes and dim sum. they run ads every friday and there is always fresh veggies and fruits on  sale according to season. where else can i find Lychee for 1.50/lb ?
3	This place isn't bad. We got a 16 pound watermelon for 5 some odd dollars. They have great packages of basil for under $2. Must check this place out for sea food. It is quite the adventure.
4	Yes, finally an alternative to Ranch 99's dopiness!  I mean, when you think of an asian market, you think of..... no toilets or dirty ones, smelly smells that you cannot get rid of, and generally a not so organized or clean environment..... Finally a place that is not normal.1.  Location - Perfect spot on the northwest corner of Jones and Decatur. Plenty of parking and easy to park as well.  Not that horrific situation at the Ranch.2.  Entry and Exit - This may seem like nothing, however it is very important.  In the cold winters here, the doors are separated from the check out, meaning you are not freezing your batoshkas off like you are at the Ranch, where the doors are right at the check out!  So this makes it a more pleasant experience and the traffic flows better.  Come on, you all know how aggressive asians are going to things that have lines.  Here the flow is just right to naturally control the natural assertiveness of the clients.....3.  Layout - Whereas other asian markets are unorganized, crowded and barely have room for people, carts, and displays, this place is well laid out and has plenty of aisle space.4.  The deli - Love the fact they have a deli here. You can get your basic chow mein, fried rice, wings, duck, chicken and they also have dim sum and a bakery.  Very cool. Shope, have some take out for the house. You cannot beat it. 5.  The selection - Great fresh seafood!  Selection of vegetables is top notch too.  All the herbs, ingredients that I need for a variety of cooking is all here and at reasonable prices as well.I really like this place and plan to come back often!  And for all you hydrators that drink a lot of water, they have public toilets here... Whohoo!
5	I LOVE this place. Since I came to Las Vegas I had been looking around for a place to  buy all my Asian type snacks and this is the place! I found cookies, and gummies, and chocolates, and ANYTHING YOU COULD IMAGINE from Singapore, Taiwan, Japan, and China. There were even these 3-in-1 milk tea packets that taste amazing! Of course there were also other daily products and other ingredients to suit your cooking needs, but the snacks are great guys!
2	This review is solely for the food court. After shopping, my family wanted to grab some quick munchies to satisfy the hunger. We headed over and noticed they had some dim sum. Great! Or so we thought. I stood staring at the cashier for a good 5 minutes, I was ready to just leave, but my dad was set on getting dim sum. After getting the cashier's attention by knocking on the glass, she finally took our order. We only wanted to get 2 pieces of sesame balls, 2 pieces of fried shrimp balls, and an order of shu mai. The lady told us that 1 order of shrimp balls comes with 3 pieces, so we took that. We then proceeded saying we wanted 2 PIECES of sesame balls, she started grabbing 3-4 and I stopped her saying "no I only want 2 pieces" she then starts saying "TWO IS SIX." I then told her I'll just have 1 order since I figured one order is 3 pieces. She then gave a horrible attitude and THREW the sesame balls back into the tray.Overall Service: 0 starsAfter I ate the food it was sub par at best. the shu mai and sesame balls were fine, but the fried wonton chips on the shrimp balls were stale!Food: 3 starsI understand these Chinese places generally have bad service, but I would have rather had no service than this horrid service. I highly do not recommend eating anything at the food court. Just shop and move along folks.
4	HOME COOKING ALA CHEZ YU-GOBack from a week in Phoenix I'm looking forward to home cooked meals ala Chez Yu-go. Had planned for lunch at Pho Sing Sing located just a few doors down from this grocery market. Here we purchased an assortment of oriental vegetables that will take care of us for the next couple of days. The variety is great and it's all very farm fresh. As for prices, I don't have the time or energy to compare. Besides, I'm not buying enough to warrant driving up and down Spring Mountain to save a couple of bucks.I recall the days when 99 Ranch was the only oriental supermarket in this valley. This store has come a long ways for the better from when it was DiHo Market. Perhaps one day soon there will be an equivalent oriental market on the eastside of the valley.
4	Has all the Asian essential groceries you need.  I like coming here for their Dungeness crab sales.  Sometimes you can get a really good deal under 5 buck a lb.  they'll even cut it up for you - I always drop a tip. I can't help but pig out in the cafeteria section - here you can get 3 Asian BBQ meats with rice or noodle for 7.99. We usually get one of these and a 2 combo plate where we can pick out some tofu dishes. Between 2-3 people you will have a feast!
4	Great ethnic Market with an awesome hot Deli. Dim sum is great and cheap. Go around lunchtime when food is fresh. Late afternoon food sitting long time and not fresh. Seafood department very good too.
3	This is your usual Asian market. You'll find all of the ingredients you'll need when buying groceries, as well as asian groceries that you may not find in the "oriental" isle of your local Albertsons. Produce and ingredients you need for your favorite dishes could be found here as well. Only downfall here is the wait is as long as the line to get rung up. Even longer than most of the typical local grocery stores. Also, the prices for produce and meats are also a lot higher (even higher than Ranch 99). I think this place might be a one time stop for me since I'm more of a Ranch 99 advocate and they did not sell me on price and selection.One thing I am impressed with is their selection of imported beers and sake!
5	I love this supermarket! Since I'm always looking out for good Asian food at a cheap cost, I recommend coming here for dim sum. There's also a huge variety of food choices in the food court. The dim sum isn't THE BEST I've had in my life, but it is authentic and a great deal. Not a huge selection but they have all your must haves, like pork shumai, chicken feet, etc. I'm not a big congee fan but that was top-notch as well. They also have bubble tea and Thai iced tea (but the latter is limited). I would steer clear of the packaged pork buns though (they sell them at the food court but they're pre-packaged). I bought a pack and let's just say it was a lot of bun but not a lot of pork. Good prices on seafood and meats as well. Be sure to check out what's on sale each week. For your candy and junk food addicts, there's always a selection of Meiji or Pocky type snacks on sale.
4	One of the best ethnic markets around town! In 168, it's clean and doesn't smell like fish throughout the entire store! Actually, they have a pretty impressive stock of fish, meats, and seafood. They also have a really huge selection of Foreign soda, drinks, and alcohol~! They have basically everything that you need to prepare home-cooked Asian meals for pretty cheap prices! Even pots, pans, & plates!! On the side, they have a bakery, a small restaurant, and pre-made dim sum! They aren't the best foods in the universe, but it's pretty good. Especially the bakery & pre-made dim sum. If I'm super hungry and don't want to go to an actual dim sum restaurant, I will usually buy from here. I would probably avoid going here on the afternoon on weekends, as there are pretty long lines! I usually stop by early mornings on any given day. That way, you don't have to spend a ton of time waiting! GOOD LUCK on your Asian food shopping. Don't spend too much! :)
2	Had high hopes for this place.  Expected it to be larger with a wider selection like the Asian supermarkets I've frequented in the past...my favorite being First Oriental Supermarket but that's in another state...so another story another time.I was expecting a better selection of fish and they didn't have ANY crabs when I went.  The few shrimp and oysters they had looked very sad. Also, didn't have the tea I was looking for or any durian --which is for a friend btw!  So, my search continues in Las Vegas for the perfect Asian market with all the extras I'm looking for.
4	I came here to get some Chinese food at 9pm and sadly the deli area was closed. We got 2 egg tarts which were sitting in the hot storage since 12pm. I have to give the egg tart a 3 stars. There's potential that it is a delicious tart however after sitting there for a long time, the crust became a chewy sugary bite on top. Towards the center, it tasted light and although a bit chewy like a sponge cake, the flavors were right on. Supermarket get 4 stars for cheap price and a lot of products that features more Asian products .
5	Love 168! They are the cleanest Chinese market in town! I go there for scallion pancakes, mocha bon bons, fresh produce and seafood. They have great prices and great selection of seafood and meats. They also have a nice bakery, hot kitchen and dim sum area. It is a great place to get all of those hard to find ingredients for all of your Asian dishes!
4	I definitely loved the baking/ seating area. Found that interesting. Lots of the same stuff as in the SF market down Spring Mountain here. Except the cookies. That was different. On a side note for you Spanish reading people;  Gotta have your Hispanic community representing behind the scene talking smack how much they (love) the place. (Inside joke) Love you guys! :D hahahahahaha.
4	Went here today to get some sushi grade salmon and tuna! This is my go-to place whenever I'm in the mood of making sushi. Fish is always fresh on all the times I've came. I also picked some beef and pork meat- both were good prices, cheaper than most places and are fresh.Got my vegetables from onions to eggplants. Also passed by the bakery section and bought strawberry and taro cake @ $2.50/pc, haven't tried them, hope it's good!Also passed by deli and bought some chickens feet @ $2.25/4 pcs -- I used to eat them back when I was little in the Philippines and haven't tried them since, I'd say it's pretty good from what I remember. Overall a great place to shop for asian food and delicacies, too bad it's about 40 minutes away from me.
3	Great grocery with fresh and well-priced produce. I especially love the Chinese broccoli/gai lan for $1.69! If you're juicing or a vegetarian, there are more leafy greens here than anywhere else in town.You can also find more exotic fruits, veggies, and herbs here from Asian cuisine- lotus root, various squashes, giant daikon, and the like. The fresh herb selection can't be beat, well priced bunches of saran-wrapped trays of everything from basil to parsley to dill, along with more you've never heard of. Sadly many are only labeled in another language, so be careful you get the right thing or know exactly what you're looking for.Fish/meat area is also great- fresh fish available in tanks to take home then and there, or frozen and on display in ice. No cloudy eyes here, plenty of clams and shellfish to select too. Display tanks almost make this look like a really creepy aquarium. Meat is well-priced, found NY strip in good-sized cuts for under $4/each. Also found various animal feet and testicals, if you're in an adventurous mood or watch too much Food Network.Cafe and restaurant have plenty of tasty dishes to buy, and cakes/desserts to grab for your sugar fix. The individual cake and cheesecake slices look best, but there are also more traditional bun options and green tea and red bean flavored desserts. All are around $3/portion max for the nicer cakes, many are far less.Drink selection includes refrigerated and shelved bottled teas and beers, my current favorites are the green tea with jasmine and Tiger beer- six pack is an affordable $7, individual large bottle is $3.
1	Called to ask if they sold bamboo plants. The operator did not speak english and decided he was just going to hang up on me.
4	Great market. It's clean and organized. The seafood area doesn't smell fishy and the fish and meats look fresh. Grocery deals are great! They have great deals on produce and other products. The dim sum looks good (will have to try that next time) and the bakery looks like it's got some fresh buns.
4	I'm here at least once a week for the DIM SUM and EGGPLANT lunch on the go.  The employee's are always nice. I speak a little Mandarin and other Asian languages. It gets busy at times. The parking lot can be a hazard - Don't get ran over.  A-Plus drivers! Haha... I approve the message J K KUHL!
4	The history of 168 can be a bit political especially for Taiwanese, like how they used corruption money laundered funneled by the now jailed former president to open the stores.  Anyhow, their business model seems to be the same an exact copy of Ranch 99.  The location happened to be bigger than the one in Chinatown.Product prices seem to be normal for the town, and we usually end up buying things that we thought  were overpriced at the other store here.  The shelves were not as organized here, but they have a better selection of products and alcohol here.  The food court was just "meh".Staffs were ok here, they seems to be getting by.  They did this weird sticker thing if you buy a box of something, which really slowed down the lanes.  Overall, they seem to be a solid Asian market.
3	We came just to get an Asian fruit cake for my daughter's birthday.  For an 8" cake, it was $25.  That seems steep to me.Dealing with Asian Asians, they are sometimes rude and not courteous.  We got the typical Asian rudeness here.  The place was crowded with similar rude Asians and the parking lot was crowded with rude Asian drivers and people smoking outside the store.Well, we got what we came for, the cake.  Just didn't feel like seeing what else the store had.
1	When They scale the seafood with 1/4lb of water with it! Ask for scale again they refuse to do it! Complain to manager, and said that how it is because so cheap!! That's not the right way to do the business! So I give up whole shopping cart n left! ! Not honest to costumer.
4	TLDR: hot food to-go; not-so-cheap prices; super cheap on special items; mediocre seafood selection; 168 Market boasts special prices on specialty items and you can hear the announcement in English and Mandarin every 30 seconds. The facility offers a wide selection of products including cooked, ready-to-eat foods. So you can shop and have lunch. The quality of the meats and produce are okay. It ain't a pavilions or Bristol farms, but at least they try to maintain their quality. They had a variety of fish, but not as much as let's say Seafood City. I had a fantastic experience at the meat department. I needed a specific product at a specific quantity and they were very accommodating. I felt they went above and beyond to help me with my requests. My checkout experience was positive. They bagged my products efficiently and with a smile. The checkout cashier was a standard experience: no smile, a generic greeting, efficient scanning, and talking in Chinese with her coworker. But I guess it isn't her job to make conversation with me right? Would I return? Probably.
4	I stumbled upon this place last time I was in Vegas while I was looking for some soup bowls. They happen to have dim sum to go so it works out well when I want a quick fix of chicken feet. 168 is a decent sized market with a good selection. I found the 3-in-1 coffee that I like and some chili in oil for dipping my dim sum. Today I went with the chicken feet, honey roasted pork, har gow, shao mai, and pork riblets. The chicken feet were tender and tasted great, the har gow and shao mai were good and my mom really enjoyed the honey roasted pork. My least favoirite were the pork riblets because they were a tiny but mushy and not what I am accustomed to.I'm sure there are better places but for a quick one stop shop, I will keep it on my list.
3	The restaurant inside serves some pretty good low cost Chinese food.  I like the dim sum. Will come back again.
3	I go here often for lunch.  The food is meh, but I find myself returning because of the high turnover, which is why I've never gotten sick from eating there.  Good prices for combination plates, but stay away from the bbq.  The dim sum is average at best, but it's $2 each and it's quick.  It's hard to get hot dim sum without having to sit down and be waited on, so that is a selling point for 168 Market.  The worst of the dim sum would be the turnip cakes (bland) and fried donut (greasy).  The best would be the bean curd roll and shui mai.  If you're on a diet, get the rice porridge.
5	I love this market. After checking out a couple of other markets, I have come to the realization that this market is the best! Asian markets usually feel dirty or dingy. This one always feels so clean to me. They do have a food court area with yummy food. The fried rice and noodles are kind of bland, but their actual entrees are pretty tasty. I do think it's strange that the workers always wear gloves when handling cash, but maybe they don't want to touch the dirty money. They always have fresh vegetables. It is smaller than SF Market, but I always manage to find everything that I need.
3	This is the place to go for most if not all of your grocery needs for anything Asian - food, condiments, snacks, veggies, fruits, you name it, they most likely have it. They could even cook your fish for you at the seafood section while you do the rest of your shopping. I like that they also have a bakery. They have really good reasonably priced freshly baked breads. Their cakes are so-so. Hot foods are available at the food court but it's a hit or miss--- don't buy near closing time as the food has been standing there for hours.  One time my husband bought  spicy tofu to go and it was  spoiled! It was more convenient throwing it away than go back & ask for a refund. Parking space is very tight on any given day but It could get busier especially on weekends.Overall 3 1/2 stars.
