1	DO NOT go to this nail salon. I recently was visiting Vegas for the holidays, and went here with my fiance' for a manicure. This place should be shut down. The manicurist cut the cuticle on 2 fingers so badly I bled and have swollen skin around my nails for 4 days now. He sloppily put nail polish on, minus any undercoat, and had to remove all excess polish when he was done, which was a lot! My fiance experienced a cut fingertip and sloppy cuticle removal. I am considering calling the authorities who license nail salons  to have them look into this salon.
5	They have really improved since last time I was here! First time I came here my nails ended up being a gloppy mess! But I decided to give them another try, I love my nails! The nail tech was really friendly and talkative, she was very gentle as well, listened to what I wanted, give them a try! I only had to wait 30 minutes but I did come in on a Friday night, weekends are usually the busiest.
3	I really really really wanted to like them but they disappointed me yet again after giving them a 2nd chance, the acrylic from the bottom started coming off which is something that has never happened before and I've been getting acrylics for years, I was so disappointed . Other than that, the nail tech was wonderful! I just won't be coming back based on friendliness.
1	I've gone here many times and had no problems. However, this last visit was awful. To my horror, by the time I got home, I could barely walk.   The person had taken too much skin off of my feet. By the next day I could put no pressure on my feet. I called the salon and she tried to blame me. She implied that I asked to have that much skin removed. I begged to differ. Then she said I needed Vaseline because my skin was dry. I told her that it wasn't dry and that if you rubbed your hand across my feet, there were places that were gouged out.  I was displeased at her indifference to my dilemma. As the kids say, I am so through.
5	There prolly is some really fancy awesome nail salon somewhere in summerlin that does a phenomenal job and is way better than my ghetto little nail place BUT you can guarantee they will charge you an arm and a leg to do that. I like this little salon. Maybe they don't do the best of the best but they are good enough for me and my pocket. I am simple so a lil gel manicure with French tips and same for my pedi and a wax for my eyebrows and I'm out the door within two hours :) feeling like a princess :)
2	I'm never going back there again. I walked in to get a pedicure and it took a while to sit down. And when I did they didn't ask about the temperature of the water. It was absolutely hot. I chose my color for the main color, not the tip, I wanted white tips and she started with the tips another color. And she kept me in the burning water for a long time. And the overall job was not good. The tips were too wide and it was not even at all.
