5	Not like most chiropractors!!  Informative, thorough and immensely helpful.  Makes absolute sure that you are a candidate for adjustment before jumping in head first and cracking anything that'll crack.  This doctor performed ALL of the same tests that the neurologist did in my initial exam.  In house x-ray capabilities, multiple heated massage tables, physical therapy exercise regiments and suggestions, TAKES INSURANCE, clean bathrooms and GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE.  They even have an awesome single serve coffee/tea maker with a LARGE assortment of coffee flavors and teas to enjoy while you're waiting.  Only problem is I've never had a chance to try out the coffee maker because I've never waited more than two seconds!!  I have made a mental note to arrive considerably early for my next appointment so that I can enjoy a cup of tea.
5	I finally found what I was looking for - a chiropractic office that knows what they are doing - beyond just the "adjustments" most chiros in this town are wont to do.Since I am an active person - work out and engage in sports - I wanted to find someone who was familiar with helping athletes keep their bodies fined tuned, strong and flexible.Dr Badger's orientation is that of a person addressing an athlete - even if you are not. Which means - I benefit  from  his expertise and experience like I would if I was a Kobe Bryant.I saw workout equipment in different parts of his office - which told me physical rehab was something that "came with his practise". Most chiro offices here merely have adjusting rooms and some other treatment machines.If you are going to spend the same kind of money on a chiropractor - it would do you good to spend it on the one that helps you the best; even if it's your insurance paying for it - it's still your body.
5	So I am only 26 years old and have had back pain ever since high school. 9 ish years anyway. I really thought nothing of it until about 3 months ago. I chose to try this place out and man has it changed my life! On my first visit I had X-rays taken and found that my lower back pain was caused by my job and noticed my spine was not straight. I also have a disc in my neck that is slowly disappearing. I have been going to them for about 3 months now and am on a once a week schedule now. The copay sucks with my insurance, but I would pay it all over again. Both of these doctors know what they ate talking about and are well worth the time and money. My lower back pain is almost gone! Thanks to these doctors, I am almost pain free and I don't remember the last time I actually was. Pick this place, you will not be disappointed.
5	I am athletic and push my body hard. And most of the time, I forget that I have scoliosis and throw my back out quite often. Dr. Badger sees to it that my back is always aligned and adjusted so I can keep doing the things I love to do.I finally found a chiropractor that I trust to take care of me.I like that he diagnoses you like a sports doctor would.
3	I had been having some neck pains that caused my are to keep going numb.  So of course I freaked out.  I don't have much experience with Chiropractors.  I figured you have a neck or spine issue you go see this type of doctor.  Boy was I wrong.  Can these doctors help?  Yes, I believe they do.  Are you going to pay for it?  Yeah, you bet you are.  We have medical insurance, so I figured I pay for insurance and the cost could be covered by this.  Yes, a rude awaking!  I don't think most medical insurance companies even recognize Chiropractors as real doctors.  I found this place on Yelp because of the reviews.  Which now I'm thinking are just friends of the business.  I saw Dr. Badger and he was thorough.  He did tests and took some x rays.  He then sent me to get an MRI.  So far so good.  I returned so he could go over the MRI and make his diagnoses and treatment.  He was a fast talker and then started to pitch.  I have been in sales for a long time.  I have been taught some great techniques over the years after countless training.  I saw right through his pitch, which was well executed.  Then came the treatment cost.  What a waste of time, They wanted me to be there 3 times a week for about 6 weeks and it was going to cost $3,000.00!  I thanked the doctor with my head still spinning and walked out the door.  So the moral of the story is,  Do you have bunch of money that you don't know what to do with? Then go see the Chiropractor.  Do you have medical insurance?  if yes, then go see a real doctor.    Cheers!
5	The day after hiking through Red Rock as a tourist I realized that I hurt myself. I thought I could live through the lower back pain and stiffness until around 4:15 on a Friday evening, right before the holiday, when I got the wake up call. The stiffness turned to inability to move and extreme pain, so I looked to trusty Yelp for an emergency solution. Dr. Badger's office was coming up as open until 6pm, so I called to beg for an appointment - I think they could hear the pain in my voice, because they ended up making room for me in the schedule and staying almost an hour late to accommodate me. I wish I lived here, because after my appointment I wanted to move the entire office to LA so I can make regular appointments. As we suspected, Dr. Badger wanted to take a quick x-ray to confirm his initial findings. I was so out of place I'm surprised that after my adjustment the stiffness had dissipated to a bearable level, although the pain is still about an 8/10. I have a follow up appt. next week where ONCE AGAIN Dr. Badger has fit me into his already booked schedule! Hopefully with his guidance and the second appointment, I'll be in a much better place next week.
5	So here's my story of how I ended up as a patient of Horizon Spine & Sport.  I was in a minor car accident a few months ago and I developed some neck and upper back pain and well, that sucked.  I ask my friends who are chiropractic aficionados who they would refer me to and I'm directed to Dr. Chuck Badger.  I can't speak personally for the other doctor at this practice as all my treatment has been provided by Dr. Badger.  Sorry Yelpers (not really sorry), but when it comes to medical professionals, you are not my first resource for research.  Perhaps more reviews like this will change that for future Yelp seekers. After a really easy initial appointment set-up with Janine (the office coordinator extraordinaire), I come in and see Dr. Badger.  They have appointments after standard business hours!  This is is super helpful for those of us that work 9a-5p, so I don't have to take time off of work for my three times per week chiropractic appointments. What I appreciated most about Dr. Badger on the initial consultation was the time taken to explain the spine and the muscles and the effects of trauma and how these could be remedied with treatment.  I am one of those patients that likes to be educated on what is going on, and I believe that an educated patient is a compliant patient.  If you tell me "because I said so", well, I'm going to tell you to kick rocks (with open-toed shoes) and seek treatment elsewhere. Initial consultation comes and goes and treatment commences!  Prior to seeing Dr. Badger, I'd never received chiropractic care so having things explained to me as they happened was greatly appreciated.  He addressed the pain and injuries caused by the car accident and he also treated pain related to your standard desk job (which was exacerbated in the car accident). On more than one occasion, I have dozed off on the table when receiving electrical muscle stimulation in my upper back, thanks to the low lights and quiet of the office. And Dr. Badger is a huge sports fan so inevitably you will see a game on the flat screen TVs (one in the lobby and one by the treatment tables) so if you don't end up napping, you can catch a few plays.  This falls in line with his practice taking care of athletes injuries, too.  After several months of successful treatment, I'm nearly discharged.  I feel significantly better than when I started treatment, and probably better than I did even before the car accident, and that's due to Dr. Badger's skill as a chiropractor.  Dr. Badger has a great manner with patients, from young to old and from athletes to car accident patients and all in between, I have only ever seen him be pleasant with all.  That pleasant demeanor is also expressed by Janine who is great in her own right.  Ever deal with nasty staff at a great doctor's office that you're hesitant to return to the great doctor because the staff is so nasty? That will never be the case here. Horizon Spine & Sport is a top-notch practice and I would recommend them to anyone seeking chiropractic care.
5	Due to my work I change locations every 2years and have been doing it close to 30 years. With that said Charles is by far the best chiropractor I have ever had. No tricks gimmicks or bang boards, just adjustments that simply work.  I personally have recommended him to many people and everyone has the same opinion. Just great results
