3	I'm not a very big fan of Kohl's. They have a great shoe department with awesome sales, but that's about the only thing I have found there. The clothes are not that great especially for the jacked up prices and that theme continues throughout the rest of the store. The only thing really worth shopping at Kohl's is the sales rack, and I don't usually feel like going in just to go through those.
4	I've reviewed the Kohl's store located down in South Phoenix/Ahwatukee and seeing that Kohl's is a chain there isn't much difference between each store that I've found. But once again I have to admit that Kohl's usually has some pretty good sales going. And if you add in the discounts they send you in the mail (or email) if you are a credit card holder you can really get some great deals.I'm always amazed how much stuff you can walk out with for the money you spend. Check out the clearance racks and sale signs throughout the store. The store was clean and well-stocked and checkout was a breeze. I tend to be a thrifty shopper and am usually pretty happy with the Kohl's shopping experience. Hopefully you'll be happy too.
4	I hate this store, especially this location. I hate it because I go in to buy one thing and I come out with a bag full of stuff! Today for example, I went in to buy a few accessories I need for a dress I am wearing to an event I am attending in about a week. Easy right?. Nope. I should have checked out after I found what I wanted, but noooo, I just had to wander over to the clearance section to see what I could find. Grrrr!!! Needless to say I got a Vera Wang dress on clearance for, brace yourself, $6.63 (originally $78.00), a pair of capri's for $10.20 and all my accessories.  Darn you Kohl's for your awesome clearance section. P.S. I will be back to shop again soon!
4	I love Kohls... and I love that they feel the same anywhere you go... and this one had the same feeling!I ended up picking up some clothes for my two twin cousins (they were shopping with me) and the selection was pretty big. Got a little lost in all the guys jeans and think they can organize that a little better, but still over all enjoyed myself!
5	I love Kohl's!  They have a really great marketing scheme which always keeps you coming back- even if you can see right thru it.  Mark items up and then put them on "sale."  But with email coupons, mailers, and Kohl's cash- I'm always coming in here.  It's my one stop shop for everything except for groceries.
3	I came here to do a return on the Saturday after Black Friday.  Staff did a great job of crowd control and processing every one in an orderly fashion.Note to self - Do not go anywhere on the day after Black Friday again.
3	you know this place bummed me out the other day. They wouldn't accept my kohls cash. I had used it after it expired and then tried again and they wouldn't take it. The woman said "oh they don't do that anymore." She was not only rude to me but I sensed her attitude with the gentleman in front of me. Maybe she was having a bad day.
5	Gotta agree with Ebony. I can' t go in here without finding a bunch of stuff at great prices. I go in for one thing and come out with some fantastic deals. They have kind of replaced Mervyn's for me.
3	Love/Hate relationship is strong here and I'll only shop during their Black Friday deals because in all reality they inflate prices to justify their discounts every other day of the year - yet when you add on $15 back for every $50 you spend plus bonus discounts....yeah, I'll get out of bed for that.
5	I have a Kohl's store less than a mile from my home, and from here on out I will drive to this store for service. They have a much better selection of products, shoes especially. Their store is clean, and well it, and their staff is fantastic.I would especially like to recognize Jerry, he was the clerk who wrung us up. He took the time to speak to my two children and was extremely pleasant. I wondered if I had been zapped back to the 50s where people actually cared about one another.I was pleasantly surprised and it actually made my night. I would highly recommend this Kohls.
4	Love the remodel and the khols cash!!!!
4	So I've never really shopped at Kohl's before even though I have friends who swear by the store. I needed to do some last minute shopping for me and my family before going out of town for a wedding. Kohl's was right on the money! We were able to find something for all of us with no problem and the prices were prefect. We looked great at wedding and received compliments. Thank you Kohl's so much for your great selection of products!
