1	If I could give negative stars I would. I came here to see a Derm about some spots on my skin that I thought might be cancerous (Damn me for spending all those hours in the sun with out sunscreen!) and to get a small wart removed from my hand. Got my bill 12 months after the appointments. That is unacceptable. Then I called to speak with someone about my bill and had to leave a message. I'm still waiting for a call back, it has been at least a month. Terrible customer service, WAAAAAY overpriced. Even the Insurance Co. felt the charges were too high and erroneous. I'm not going to go into too much detail because it's my health and this is a public forum, but as a person who works for a business that provides a premium service, I will not be back to see a Derm here again and I don't recommend that anyone else go.
5	I've been to Dr. Isaac twice now, and its a great experience. He listens, he's got a wealth of experience (despite being a young guy). I'll only ever go to DD and see Dr. Isaac Gier for any dermie issues. He's great. Easy to make a quick appointment. Pleasant staff.Easy parking.BTW, very decent prices for folks without insurance. :)
5	Desert Dermatology makes going to a doctor's office a pleasant experience.Easy to make appointments - checkFriendly and attentive staff - checkConvenient location and parking - checkShort wait time - checkMy appointment time was 3:30 and I was out of the office a little after 4 pm. I also loved that I was a new patient and it took me less than a week to book my appointment. I called another dermatologist (one I have seen before) and found out they couldn't book me for over a month!I saw Dr. Langford and she was very sweet and took the time to listen to my concerns.  I didn't feel rushed and I felt very comfortable with her. Not to mention, she has gorgeous skin. This is the first time I felt compelled to write a review about a doctor's office. My experience was that delightful!
1	Unfortunately, I had a bad experience at Desert Dermatology.I moved to Las Vegas about 5 months ago, and was running low on my topical cream used to treat occasional dermatitis breakouts, which I had gotten from my previous dermatologist in California. So I decided not to wait until the last minute and made an appointment here. When you call to schedule an appointment, you get their automated phone system. The first time I waited 4 minutes for someone to come on the line, the second time I waited 8 minutes. On the day of my appointment, the wait wasn't too long after filling out the new patient paperwork. I would say that I was in and out of there in about 20 minutes or so. I saw Dr. Isaac Gier. Although he listened and answered all of my questions, everything seemed really rushed. He gave me a prescription for pills and a cream, and told me to come back in two months for a follow up. I had a really bad reaction to the medication. The pills made me feel very sick, even though I followed the directions and took them with food twice a day. After 3 days of being miserable, I stopped taking them and immediately felt better. I guess I can't really blame the doctor for this since everyone has different reactions to medication. The topical cream was the worst part. This may be TMI, but after 2 weeks of using it, my face and neck broke out in a very itchy rash. I spent some time on Google and researched this cream. Turns out that it was given a "black box warning" (supposedly the FDA's strongest warning) and many people have suffered from its side effects. Wish I knew about that beforehand! I was so miserable that I went to see my primary care doctor who thankfully prescribed me medicine to clear up what I had. Even she told me that this cream was bad news, it should not be used, and is most likely the cause of what happened to me. I don't understand why Dr. Gier would even prescribe this cream to his patients? Very disappointing and makes me wonder if he cares about his patients at all. Lesson learned I suppose. From now on, I'm just going to see my primary care doctor with my issues and let her decide what is best. I'm not sure if things would have been different if I saw the other doctors here - Dr. Langford or Dr. Leposavic? Who knows. One thing is for sure, I definitely WILL NOT be coming back here!!
1	I have been having terrible break outs, not knowing where they were coming from. I spent so much money buying different products and trying different things; i decided to make an appt. with a dermatologist instead. That way, they would be able to tell me the problem right away & maybe even issue me a prescription.I made the appt. in May. They told me the next available opening would be June 15th, today, at 4:30pm. So I told my manager to let me off work early so that I can finally see a dr. about my skin condition.At 9am, the dr. office calls me to confirm my appt. and decides to let me know that they actually DO NOT accept my HMO insurance. They only accept PPO. So after 3 WEEKS, they decide to tell me the MORNING OF my appt. And NO, i'm not about to pay out-of-pocket, esp since i have health insurance.Very unprofessional. At least give me a week notice, let alone, 72 hours.
3	It pains me to write an update for this place because I really had exceptional experiences before my last two appointments. It may be because my appointments were scheduled at 5:30 (prime time for working folk who go after work). I had at least a 30-45 minute wait both times and that was just in the waiting room. When I got to an exam room, had to wait another 15-20 minutes to be seen. I still love Dr. Langford because she apologized profusely for the wait. I understand 5:30 is a prime time but they could avoid the wait by not overbooking. I still got the same warm, undivided attention from the doctor so the wait didn't bother me so much after that.Also I called twice prior to an appointment and spoke to someone who I found to be quite rude. She said she would check on something for me and call me back. I didn't get a call back so when I called again, she said she already told me the answer (when she clearly told me she'd double check with the doctor). I don't appreciate people who are rude  to loyal patients.Even though I had a bad experience, there are other staff members who are kind and are good at their job. I am still happy with most of the staff and with my doctor. I just can't give them 5 stars anymore. 3.5 stars.
5	I haven't had a problem out of this place.  The staff is small and I'm normally seen within 10 minutes of me going.  Im a cash paying client so its easier for me.
2	Took a chance with this place - decided on it because they were listed in my provider directory.Got there early thinking the wait wouldn't be too long, but I waited for 30 minutes!  Then another 15 minutes or so to see the doctor.I saw Dr. Langford.  She was patient friendly - she took the time to listen and made suggestions.  However, she scooted her way out after our talk and I thought she'd come back to say goodbye and see me out, however she sent an "assistant" instead.  Didn't win any points in my book.She prescribed a medication where there's no generic alternative, so the pharmacist had to fax over the insurance request to the office.  It's been almost a week and still no response.Verdict is still out whether or not I will return.
5	I've had no problems with this office. I only waited 15 min past my appt (standard for a doc office, if you ask me). The entire staff has always been pleasant and helpful. I've seen both Isaac and Kelly, both were attentive and kind. The glo minerals selection is also off the charts! I love this office.
3	I go to Desert Dermatology for Dr. Langford, who has been my Vegas dermatologist since I was in high school. She is very friendly and really dedicated to solving your skincare needs. She's also great about giving you samples and coupon cards to minimize your costs. If you're considering coming here, def. ask for an appointment with her.Downsides to DD - long waits and seeing doctors other than Dr. Langford. With my last three appointments, I've waited at least 45 minutes in the waiting room as patients who arrived after me got called back first. I've also waited 10-25 minutes in a room for the doctor to come in as well. For one appointment, Dr. Langford ended up so booked/behind, I could either see the other doctor or stay past 5 or 6 p.m. Not great.I've also gotten services from their male doctor named Dr. Gaer or Gier - something of the sort. In my appointments with him, it's more like a pharmacist telling you what to take for X problems versus a doctor asking questions and trying to find the best solution WITH you. He's not a bad doctor at all, but I personally find I get better treatment options with Dr. Langford.Dr. Langford gets five stars, but the office overall gets a solid three.
5	I go here for facials with Judi. She is the BEST!!! I have been seeing her for about 3 years and my skin looks amazing! My hyper-pigmentation has greatly improved, my pores are smaller and my skin just glows. She doesn't just give a foo foo facial. She is really delivering medical grade treatments. She is very knowledgable, friendly and funny! We always have a good time. She really knows how to pamper as well with a great neck and shoulder massage. I even got my husband to go last week (his first facial ever) and now he is hooked too!
1	After telling me my insurance was covered you guys billed me 90$?! FOR WHAT? To give me medication and tell me stuff I already know and that I took for a month or two that didn't work and give me some cream that doesn't work? Thanks for conning me and stealing my money. You can keep your 90 dollars. Thanks a lot!
4	Anna and dr Langford were very nice and helped me out alot! They made me feel calm and in a positive way.I would recommend them to anyone. I am glad my friend sent me here!:)
1	After 6 visits not only have they not been able to fix anything but this time they try to charge me more for the same thing they've done every time.  Umm, excuse me? No.  They didn't tell me it was going to cost more and then said I owed from my last visit as well because they forgot to charge me. Who's in charge? Who's running this place? After going here for almost a year I'm done. I can go sit in a waiting room for an hour somewhere else.
1	I was referred to this office a few weeks ago because of a squamous Cell growth on my head, under lots of RED hair.  Issac Gier, I tell him I have had basal cells removed in the past and point to my growth.  He Biopsy's it and walks out. (Yes, he really was in a bad mood)... No body check or anything, he says come back in 2 weeks. I asked if they carried Mederma for scars and he said that it was overpriced garbage that doesn't work...but recommended a 200.00 bottle of something they sell there. (I've had many surgeries and Mederma has always worked perfectly at reducing and minimizing all of my scars) ...Before the 2 weeks went by I get a call that I have Squamous cell and need Mohs surgery.  I go to my 2nd visit, he freezes a growth on my right hand and has me schedule surgery for the 7th of April.  Today.  So My husband takes today off work so he can be here for me, we get to their office at 8am. The girl tells me I need to pay for half today and half tomorrow.  I ask why.  She says, you'll come back tomorrow for sutures.  NO.  So I ask, does that mean she cuts on me today and sends me home with a hole in my head, and she sews me up tomorrow?  She said YES.  She said the doctor (Dr. Grace Kim) is too busy with all her surgeries to close everyone the same day of surgery. She said suturing up a patient takes over 30 minutes to do!!!  I said I want it all at the same time...the girl disappears and comes back with a big smile and says, the doctor said that you can make another appointment.  I got my lab results copy and left.  Seriously, what Doctor sends MOHS patients homes with gaping holes anywhere on their bodies?  Great way to double bill the insurance and patients.  #1) You should get a full body check at your first visit, ESPECIALLY if you say I am a cancer patient and have had growths removed in the past!!!!!#2) Don't accept going home with gaping holes.  So disrespectful!#3) 45 minute wait every visit....even today.#4) If the PA or Doctor is rushing you, or in a bad mood...leave. #5) if the front office guy cannot answer the simplest of questions...LeaveThey make their money by charging you.  You pay to have insurance.  The least you should receive from this office is a smile and having a doctor who cares about each patient individually.  I did not get that from day one.  Now I have to start over...get a full body check and do things the correct way as it should have been done here to begin with. Shame on them. I am going back to Dr. Lionel Handler.  It's a longer drive but worth it.  At least he cares, and he does a great job.
4	Received an apology call from Dr Kim.  Very nice and concerned.  We discussed what happened from Day one.  Turns out it's mis-communication by staff. She said many people want to get bandaged and come back the next day after Mohs surgery because many don't want to wait during the day.  She said that she told her staff that she would suture me the same day but it may be a few hours later. (Unfortunately, the F/O girl did not repeat that, instead told me that the doctor would be happy to reschedule me) I appreciate her call and her concern.  She said that normally an appointment is scheduled to see her first before the surgery so she can go over everything and keep her patients informed and comfortable about their personal procedure, but in this case the staff went ahead and scheduled the surgery with out that needed step.  She wants to be more informed of what's going on in the front office, but sometimes things like this slip by.  I do see how this could happen, and she wants to take steps to not let things like this happen again.  She said she was shocked when they told her I left.  She will be following up with other patients to hear their stories and see what she can do to proactively to make this practice a great place where the patients feel welcomed and comfortable. Thank You for your call, I appreciate that you made me feel better.  :)
2	Billing department is a joke, always get an answering service have been trying to pay my account for two days and can't. Inconsistent charges for same service among same doctor. It's pathetic finally call and get a hold of someone today and they're too busy to let me pay my bill what kind of place does that to someone with money in hand? I guess I'm gonna have to go in person if they don't call me back today. Unreliable. String out services as much as they can to collect the most from you and your insurance companies and neglect to tell you how much the services are exactly.
1	I have made repeated attempts to contact Desert Dermatology.  Their telephone system is messed up and you can never...... NEVER... talk to a live person.  I have left messages with where ever I end up and no one has ever returned my call.  This includes appointments (#1), billing (#2) and nurse (#3).  There are no other options available.  They were highly referred to me however that lack of response makes me wonder why....
1	The experience was really bad I had a rash on my skin and of course I was really worried. My appointment lasted like 4 minutes they don't even explain me what I hadhe gave me a lotion and the same they don't even bother on explain me how to use it,it looks like he was in a hurry and they don't even had more patients now I understand why they gave me an appointment right away. Worst doctor I ever seen in my life and the nurses are the same way.
1	If I could give minus stars I would give this place minus 20! I came in to have a cyst removed by Dr. Kim. She had no clue what she was doing and fumbled around removing a large portion of my scalp. It was as if she had never done stitches before. She kept blaming her lack of skill on my hair being in her way. She took so long the numbing meds were starting to wear off! Fast forward to my coming in to get the stitches removed and the assistant left 3 stitches in! I had to remove them myself at home. The stitches stayed in for 14 days and my surgery site opened up again after they were removed at the office! I told the assistant I was bleeding and she handed me a tissue and said it sometimes does that. Wth!? Now I have a huge scar on the top of my head and no hair will grow there. Dr. Kim seriously messed me up!! Don't go anywhere near this place!!
