5	Ed and Lynn are decent people with a fine revolving relationship with some excellent coaches and pros. They hold clinics and host leagues and have been a vital part of the winter tennis community. If it's raining or cold, or if you want to play doubles, this is the place to go. The courts play fast, they are relatively well heated and aerated and the lighting and upkeep has been better than good. Court fees are slightly high, but if you're an addict, it's worth it. Coach Dave Bender who runs clinics and classes there is especially good at his job.
5	Pittsburgh Indoor Tennis Club is a great business!  I went to the Monday night clinic with Pro David Bender and it was great.  Nice people, great drills, good mixture of skill, perfect way to ease back into the game!  They have more advanced clinics at well for those of you who can play.  The building is convenient if you live in Shadyside.  Did I mention the clinic is very reasonably priced?! A++
4	I'm torn!  If I could give it 4.5 stars instead of 5.0 I would, but I can't quite do 5 because I've been to other Pittsburgh facilities that have better court facilities and my own home courts out West didn't get a 5, so I can't be accused of bias, haha.PITC is just that, the Pittsburgh indoor tennis club.  It is conveniently (for Shadyside and surrounding areas) located in the East Liberty area, very close to Target, PetSmart, and Pizza Sola.There's five courts, four full courts and one singles-only court.  They play faster than average with a low bounce unless you're a heavy top-spin hitter.  They're definitely kept in good condition and for an indoor facility that seems to be older in age the lighting is quite good.I did their two hour clinic on Sunday afternoon after playing a USTA match there and I can definitely say it is a great great great value.  You get an excellent workout and the teacher during the clinic actually gives your pointers and provides remarks on your game.Definitely looking forward to trying out more of their clinics in the future.
2	This club is now officially closed for good due to redevelopment in the area.
