3	This is a great place to have a chill beer with friends in a really cool atmosphere. Not only does the place have good beer, but they have a full kitchen and serve up some tasty looking food. I've had the beef tartar here and can definitely vouch for it...if you're looking for a new place to try, consider Helm!
3	Helm was dead on a Sunday night just after Canada day. It was rainy and a bit cold, so it wasn't the best time to be outside. We stopped into Helm for some Sangria and Salmon Ceviche. The Sangria was meh, but let me tell you. The Salmon Ceviche was so good... I mean, delectable, I am craving it now. My friend and I ordered one each... and then we ordered another EACH. The service was a bit spotty, but part of that was probably because the waiter didn't really speak English, the other part is because he just wasn't very timely.
4	Good place for after work pints and yummy appies, dangerous place if you make friends with the staff. Our waitress was super attentive and knowledgeable and about all I remember from my last night there were: flames, shots, table kind of on fire. It...was...awesome.
3	Yep I'm gonna go with A-OK. It should have everything going for it, homemade beer, an emphasis throughout the menu on local fresh product, nice wide windows so you can sit right on Bernard near Parc Ave, not too dim or bright, local and nice imports on tap, but Helm has never really super appealed to this particular crew mate. I've given it a try and I no doubt will again, and I'll keep an open mind I swear. But something feels cold, and something in the beer flavor was off or flat last time I was there, and the chairs cradled me oddly, and though the bar was not busy the expanse between window and bar was large enough, and the server focused on the folks immediately around the bar, to make me feel a little lost, drowning not waving, looking for the tab.
3	The cider I'm sipping on is delicious, the prices not too bad and the decor is lovely. But the staff spends too much time tending to the crowd at the bar and not on the tables. If not for the service I'd make this my new hang, but alas - I like not waiting 30 minutes after being left a menu for a waitress to come back.
4	Met some friends here for a beer. The place seemed ok. Nothing too special. It was almost a 3* but it's proximity to St. Viator Bagels made me give it 4*. Good way to follow up drinks here.
2	Nice open place. The music is VERY loud. We liked the beer, especially the Van Horne IPA. The food though, is very average. Not awful, but lacking flavour and freshness. So, good place for a good beer, but for the food, you have many interesting options nearby...
3	Some of the beers are quite good, while others are below average. Food was Ok but pricey for what you got. Music is WAY too loud! If you want service you better sit at the bar.
