5	I had my physical therapy at Jackson approximately 3 years ago. My only reason for posting a review this long after the fact is that I wasn't using Yelp at that time.I went to therapy for my knee after an orthoscopic surgery for approximately 10 weeks and they did a fantastic job. Kind, caring and compassionate staff who really helped and sincerely cared about my well being.I would highly recommed Jackson Physical Therapy to my friends, family and you.
5	I highly recommend Jackson Physical Therapy. Everyone has been excellent, caring and very helpful. I've been to other places, but Jackson PT has truly been the only one to give me excellent care. I've had 4 years of issues and thus far they are helping me with the pain. :-)
5	The staff at JPT is exceptional. Every one of them from the PTs to the PTAs to the Techs are professional and on task. The atmosphere is totally congenial. All the staff make an effort to speak to and acknowledge the presence of the clients and continually encourage us to press through the exercises. However, in no way do they back off from doing the necessary therapy. They follow through with initial PT-client exercises then supervise the client in activities to strengthen the healing. Before and after my TKR, my PT is Kevin, my PTAs are Tammy and Adam, and my techs are Vince and Nate. You will not find more skillful PTs anywhere.I highly recommend the Jackson group. They are the best!
4	Effective treatment and good people as well.  Pushed me when I needed it and helped me get the most out of my time there.  I learned a lot as well.I am much stronger and well on my way back to normal.
4	Amazing staff, excellent care and effective treatment! I dislocated my coccyx and have been going here for over a month now.  The front desk staff are friendly and very helpful!  They work around my work schedule and got me the best appointment times possible. The physical therapist are gentle yet push you when you need it the most! I will highly recommend Jackson Physical Therapy and Sports Medicine to all my friends and family!
5	Had my 1st time physical therapy experience here today and it was exceptionally good. The facility is very clean and staff are very friendly. Even with just one session with Brandon, he already pumped up my courage and confidence knowing that I will get better under his care. If you are afraid of the pain from physical therapy like I do, this is the place for you because you will walk out feeling great and totally forget about your pain. Highly recommended to everyone.
