4	As far as KW and vegan/vegetarian goes, cafe pyrus is a gem! The atmosphere is great for hanging out. They always have good music on and a good selection of games to play. There are couches and comfy chairs too. The food is great! The pad Thai (which was off the menu last time i was there, but told it was coming back soon) is amazing. So delish! You can have it with just veggies, or add tempeh. They have quite a few sanwhiches which as far as Ive tried are awesome. They have a variety off hot drinks too, which are great. If you're veggie, vegan, or just want a good affordable meal i would most defiantly check this place out!On a side note, as Cafe Pyrus has grown as a resturant and hang out spot, the vibe is odd, and seems off to me. It has become the local 'hipster' hang out. Full of ironic mustaches and cat tattoos. So if you don't mind that, go. eat. now.
3	Neat vibe, lots of seating and really good lattes. The $4 guacamole with nachos is a good deal. Vegan.
4	Stopped by here before leaving Loo. I was waiting for the greyhound with my girlfriend and we decided to grab a bit of food. Cafe pyrus was the only thing available and it was definitely worth it. The service was great as the staff are attentive and very knowledgeable.I order the Wrap with tempeh. I have a love for this vegetarian source of protein. This was an amazing dish as it complimented my coffee and made for a great breakfast.3.5 stars breakdown: 2 stars for the food and service, 1 for the location and 0.5 for the fact that they are a cafe with a conscience.
5	Love it
5	We came here three times during one weekend in Kitchener. That is how awesome and multi-purpose this space is. Perfect for a coffee date, for studying alone, for having dinner with some friends, brunch with the girlfriends, lounging away hours playing boardgames, etc.Beautiful space with varied seating. Little tables by the large window for studying and coffee, dinner tables along the wall, also a couch and lounge area. Very casual place with blackboard menu, art on the walls and mismatched pieces. Menu had a good amount of vegan and vegetarian options. Mostly sammies, soups, wraps, but also apps like nachos and salads. Also a tonne of vegan baked goods (scones, cookies, brownies, cupcakes).We had a three course dinner once, lunch once and coffee and treats the other time.  Everything was amazing (except the caesar salad, which was standard, but not stand out like the rest of the food). Especially recommend the paninis, baked goods and lattes.Service is what pushes this place from four to five stars. Twice, we arrived close to closing time, and the owners were super gracious. Folks behind the till had visible tattoos and were open to giving reco's.A definite revist.
3	Lots of good gluten free options, delicious vegan burger, good service. However, watch the restaurant hours.
5	One of my favourite places to go for a good vegetarian meal!!!Favourite has got to be the build your own sammich - fresh food, amazing cheeses (for you non vegans). Their sun dried tomatoes and caramelized onions are to die for!!!LOVE the atmosphere !! Friendly service, great music, an entertaining movie always playing, amazing artwork on the walls, and of course always delicious food and drinks. OH AND FREE WIFI ;)
5	The vegan/hippie coffee joint in town. I'm not a coffee drinker, but their teas as nice, snacks are great, and even lunches are good. Ambiance is nice but not too upscale with good art on the walls.
5	Amazing food, amazing service, prices are good, lots of seating, I want to live here.
3	Convenient place near the bus terminal to sit and relax with a cup of coffee/tea. The place does feel like a hipster magnet given the decor and presentation. If you get annoyed at the sight of yuppies and hipster wannabes in town, probably not your place.
3	Great ambiance, good coffee and awesome vegetarian food
2	Food tastes good, but portions are small and prices are high. I am diabetic, and  have had many experiences of being sneered at by an angry barista when I politely asked for my iced tea with just tea and no fruit juice, and asked for sweetener. Most of the time if I ask if something is sugar-free, they say "No, but it's gluten-free." They have no idea that it's not the same thing, and act personally insulted when I ask that they offer some sugar-free options. I have lectured when I refused agave and honey and maple syrup and raw sugar for my tea, because they are all SUGAR. Eventually I figured out that they have stevia, but I have to specifically ask for it. They don't often suggest it as an option. So while some staff are friendly, others are very off-putting stuck-up hipsters. While they have good things about them, my personal expariences with their "service" have left me cold to the place. i only go when other people drag me there because I've been outvoted.
5	Love this place, highly recommend the angry panini!!! Love the mixture of quinoa, pumpkin seeds, walnut and cranberry..will try something else next time :)
5	I have been to this location twice and both were great. I have enjoyed the taco salad, chai tea latte, and the hot chocolate. The HC is amazing and tastes like it is made from cocoa. The atmosphere is fun and light. As other reviews have said, it does give off some hipster vibes. Also, they sell local art inside as well, which, although expensive, is interesting to look at. Overall, two thumbs up!
