4	I was asking locals about the best "local steakhouse" and was told about SC Prime, and how it was in the Suncoast Casino.  I happened to be across the street playing Badlands Golf Course, and headed over to try it. We got there on a Wednesday night without reservations, and had to wait 20 minutes.  Then my group was treated to some great appetizers, salads, steaks, prime rib, and stuffed chicken breast.  The cost was considerably less than places you would find on the strip and every bit as good.
4	A poker buddy of mine invited me to try this place since he had a comp we could use, so hey, who am I to turn down a delicious comped meal?!We took the elevator up one level to SC Prime.  The decor was ok, pretty old school, but there was a beautiful view!  It's a Wednesday night, so the place wasn't really packed, though we were the youngest people there.  We had a reservation at 8:15 and were seated right away.We started the night with the shrimp cocktail and oysters.  The shrimp were jumbo and good, but I am definitely a HUGE fan of the fresh oysters... they were DELICIOUS and an awesome way to start the meal!Next we ordered the caprese salad and the lobster bisque.  I didn't try the lobster bisque but the presentation was nice... I'm a big fan of caprese salad and the buffalo mozzarella was really yummy!  Thumbs up for that!As far as the entrees, we ordered the rack of lamb and the short rib.  There was a crust on the lamb that was a bit too salty for our taste so my friend ended up scraping most of it off, but otherwise it was cooked perfectly, and the mint jelly was a great compliment to the dish! The short rib came with rice. Nicely cooked but a salty.  The rice was a little dry, but hey, I'm Asian and like my rice a bit stickier and softer lol ;).  The only negative is that I had to take away a half a star for both of our meals being on the slightly salty side...We also sampled some cocktails.  I tried the Blackberry Mojito. We also tried the White Chocolate Martini.  Both were VERY good, and if I get to come back I'd like to try some of their other cocktails!We finished the night off with their Chocolate Overload cake.  Very rich and decadent, great for those with that sweet tooth!As far as the service, it was pretty good, though at times we would ask for something and they would forget, and we'd have to ask again. The server came by a couple times but we found it hard to flag her down when we needed something, but overall she was pleasant.Our meal came out to about $150 for the two of us.  The prices were pretty average for what I would expect to pay at a steakhouse.  Obviously we ordered WAY too much food, but I did take home the leftovers.  We left full and pretty satisfied with the meal.I'd like to come back again sometime and try their steaks, but for now, 4 stars. =)
4	We've been going to this fine steakhouse since its first incarnation as Prime. Still atop the Sun Coast Hotel, we went there again this past Saturday and it didn't disappoint.. I don't much care if it was sold or just changed its name, its steaks are still top drawer and, in my view, comparable to anything in town...and similar in price. Plus, it's got a great view if you're lucky enough to get a window proximate table. The service is equal to the fare...quite fine.
4	Okay, my view is that you're gonna get a great steak at almost any real steakhouse and this holds true for SC Prime, which we've been attending since was under its earlier "Primo" incarnation. It's pricey like most steakhouses and it great steaks, like its competitors. We go there before seeing a show at the Sun Coast, generally and I think we've been going there since 2001. The views are great, the food is great and the service is great. I'm not sure how you would classify the ambience, so suffice it to say you don't need a jacket, can't wear shorts and shoes are required. It seems to me to be modestly upscale and an older crowd, of which I'm a member alas.
3	Very typical steakhouse, although for location, we thought it was a bit pricey.  Our main complaint was the service.  We waited forever between each course, even when we told them we were on a time schedule to see a show, we were there for 2 hours, and it was only 2 of us.  The caprese salad was really good, but the prime rib was way undercooked.  Didn't have time to send it back.  Someone else remarked on saltiness - my wife's filet was extremely salty.  Although we had to take our dessert home as we ran out of time, they were extremely yummy.Probably wouldn't go back.
4	Disclaimer: A client of ours, who is a regular player at the Suncoast invited us for dinner that was comped from the casino. It sure is fun when you run with the right crowd. This client of ours is a regular at SC Prime. We were the first to arrive and just waited at the bar. When the client arrived, she was greeted with great enthusiasm by the Maitre'd and we were quickly whisked off to a corner table with a view and a small staff at our disposal that also knew her well. Now that is service! As mentioned before, the clientele of this restaurant is towards the elder generation and thus shows the shortage of of Yelp reviews.I placed two orders for myself at her insistence: Ribeye 16 oz Maine Lobster Tail (large) Asparagus Mac and Cheese This was not a combo surf and turf, but rather two separate orders. The steak cooked medium was tender and juicy as a ribeye should be. The lobster tail was about 24-32 oz before cooked size. I usually like the smaller tails because they are usually more tender and this tail was quite good given it's size. Mac and cheese was....cheesy good, but I still had better. Kind of strange, but IMO, the best mac and cheese I ever had was from a place called the Pasadena Cafeteria when I was growing up in SoCal. So far, no soul-food place or steakhouse has a better mac and cheese. There was so much food leftover, I was able to have a steak and mac lunch the next day. My wife ordered her typical broiled salmon with a baked potato and asparagus. Who the heck orders seafood at a steakhouse??? I had a small sample of the salmon and it was fresh, flaky, and juicy. Nothing out of the ordinary. Food 4.0 Service 5.0 (this was our most memorable part of the experience)Average 4.5 but still not quite a 5 for me. I wonder how our experience would be if we just went by ourselves?
4	As is the usual with many of my reviews, I came here for the drinks!  I didn't try the food, so I can't tell you about the steak and other munchies!They just started a Reverse Happy Hour at the bar on Friday and Saturday nights (starting at 9:00 pm), so we decided to grab a drink because this casino is a stone's throw away from our house.  I do know that they have a daily happy hour from 4:30 - 7:00 as well.  The specialty cocktails are only $6, and my husband's Jack and gingers were only $3 each.  Ummmmmmmmm, SCORE!I got one of the specialty cocktails called The Bogart which is kinda like a French 75 without the champagne.  It came in a huge martini glass and let's just say I didn't even need a 2nd drink.  My husband's Jack and gingers were pretty potent also and the lady who made his drink said, "I'm Polish; I have a strong hand!" with a sexy wink.Couple of downsides: the clientele here is, shall we say, older.  It's not really a hip, young hangout, but I didn't mind that since we just wanted to chill out and relax.  Also, the food on the Happy Hour menu is where they get you!  It's pretty expensive ($10 - $15 for Happy Hour things!) and I wish they had some cheaper bar eats.
2	food was ok for a pricy joint but the service sucked. you can tell a good resturant by their staff and i would have to say it is little to be desired. I will pay a good price for good food but if the service is poor i loose my attention really quickly. food took way too long to get and my borthers dish was cooked bloody raw. by the time they came out with his dish we were all finshed with ours. they comped his dish but noting more than that. also my daughter ordered the sweet potato fries and it took them about 20 min to correct the dish. they just dont care....
3	Been here a couple times now as we use the Suncoast to host our out of town guests. Both times I have been here was with s group of at least 8.Ordered a salad which was old. Tasted like bad salad bar salad so I returned it opting out of salad at that point. Ordered the porch chops. Very good but I requested rice instead of mash and they do not any rice. Thought that was weird but mash was good. The chops come with s really tasty sauce , mash, and a few vegetables.  Really pretty good but nothing really struck me as amazing.Service here seems to be okay but nothing special. Its easier to use the in hotel facilities but next month I will get everyone across the street to some of the places in that big new mall area they built.
4	We were here last night, and let me tell you it was pretty fantastic. Arrived at 5:30 and was lucky to snag 2 seats at the bar for happy hour. I ordered a Hendricks up and let me tell you the blonde bartender knows how to make a martini- ice floating on top. Excellence...my bf had a Goose up and it was the same. We ordered the HH prime rib sandwiches and crab meat shooters- both awesome. It is a older crowd but for $6 premium martini and $10 HH food it was as good as it gets, especially for Summerlin- and it is less than 5 minutes away from home. Btw-the views of the strip from the dining area were pretty amazing too.We will be back!
5	This was one of the many restaurants I dined at while in Vegas. By far, this place had the best steak cook to preference. When you ask for a medium steak, you will get a medium steak. Unlike so many other restaurants I've been to. If the cook is happy that day, your food will turn out right.I love the ambiance to this place. Although it seems like a high class restaurant but no suits or ties needed. The food are on the higher end of the price range but worth every dollar.  I enjoyed it so much I will return again.
5	Amazing steak and lobster.  The steak melted in your mouth.  And the lobster was perfect. Can't wait to go back!
2	This place is noisy.  The special snapper was encrusted in gooey sly hash brown like shreds  the salmon wasp squeaky and chewy it was almost impossible to remove from the cedar plank nice view hence the two stars
5	Amazing steakhouse with great service! The food was delicious & the view is beautiful! Within our group, we ordered the Tournados of Beef, Cedar Plan Salmon & the Catch of the Day (Chilean Seabass). We sampled each others dishes since thy all looked like works if art. Each of them were prepared perfectly with yummy sauces! We will definitely come back. I highly recommend this hidden gem!
1	Went to dinner there on a Friday night after work using a restaurant.com coupon.  Pretty empty for Friday night in Vegas. Were seated promptly, reviewed the menus, ready to order and.....(crickets)....waited....waited....to the point that my wife nearly wanted to up and leave.  Snagged a passing waiter (not ours unfortunately) who was nice enough to take our drink orders & tell us about the specials.  Our waitress came a short time later, but definitely seemed to have an attitude.  She also informed me that I could not use the coupon with the prime rib special, which I would have ordered. I ordered prime rib, wife ordered appetizer & chopped salad, which was not chopped at all. Food was generally acceptable, but certainly nothing exciting or memorable.  My wife also noticed that waitress was much more attentive to tables other than ours.  Wife also did not like her cocktail. Between the waitress' initially ignoring us, her attitude & the average food, there are much better choices for steak. We will not likely return.
1	I had a similar to almost exact experience as the Reviewer "Dan S."We went on a Saturday night right at peak dinner service.... barley anyone was there.For the small amount of people there (most at the bar not at the tables) it was a very slow service. Once our drinks had been taken the waiter didn't appear for a significant amount of time (nor to bring our check). After we had placed our orders we had received our soup. The lobster bisque and bread were about the only good foods served to us. However when they served the lobster bisque it was scorching hot! I burnt my fingers when I was moving the handle! The scallops were ok, I could probably make it at home and it would taste as good or better... My dad ordered a breaded chicken... the bread was stale... My dad has never returned food, but this was his first time. They ended up replacing it with steak.... you would think that for a place that calls itself a steak house, it would be one of the best things to order, right?Wrong!it was watery as if it was boiled, lacked flavor, and was a disservice to what ever cow was sacrificed for such a lousy meal. Which wasn't surprising since it took them no less then 5 min to bring out. (My dad ended up taking it home and grilling it with his own seasoning) Overall Summery:Cost= Expensive, Food = unimpressive to a huge extent, service= slow.I don't mind paying for a good meal, but this overall was a waist of money.**** Don't buy the restaurant coupon for this place and don't waist your time giving it a chance when Vegas has a lot better places to offer then this joke. The elevator down was a good touch, but it lead up to high expectations that definitely were not met.PS- If you look at the timeline of reviews this restaurant has definitely gone down in service (be sure to check the summery of reviews and the dates on the reviews you read)
4	This review is for the Happy Hour which is served in the Bar area. The bar is brightly lit and adjacent to the dining room. The tables offer a nice view of downtown and the strip. If you are in the mood for small bites, this a good choice. You should arrive at opening which is 4:30 PM. We were there on a Friday and  by 5:00 PM all of the tables and seats at the bar were taken. Our server was friendly and the drink and food service was timely. The Prime Rib Sliders are large, 2 per order and served with Au Jus. We took 1 home. The Shrimps were very tasty. They are served on toasted bread along with a nice mushroom sauce. Good selection of red and white wines at $5 a glass. Suggest parking in the outdoor lot on the east side of the building for a short walk to the restaurant just inside the doors on the second floor. Parking in the garage on the west side will work up an appetite and the return will work off the food.
4	On my last trip to Vegas we dined here to celebrate a friend's birthday.  When we lived in Vegas, we would dine here 2 or 3 times a year.  It was nice to come back to experience it again.  We love the views here and got lucky with a table next to the window.  Situated in Summerlin, which is about 10 miles NW of the Strip, you have a great view of the city from here.I couldn't wait to order my favorite items on the menu...which they still had:Wedge Salad (Romaine Lettuce, Maytag Bleu Cheese Dressing, Bacon, Cherry Tomatoes), $812 oz Filet, $38Side of Potatoes Au Gratin, $7The Lettuce on the Salad was nice and fresh...very crisp and juicy, just the way I like it.  I like my Filet cooked between Medium and Medium Well...not too well done....they hit the mark, it was perfect.  The side of Potatoes Au Gratin was good, very large portion though....enough for 2 people.We had a great server who took very good care of us.  Our glasses of Wine were never empty....that's the way it should be.Overall, it's a nice place to have a good Steak with friends.Return Factor - 95%
5	5 stars for SC Prime Steakhouse.  The service and food was great. I had the Salmon and all my friend had steaks.  The food always tastes better when you do not have to pay.
4	I have eaten here many times. The food is always excellent and the view is amazing. The portions are fairly large and so many choices. I love the lobster here. I also here from other guests that I have brought, that the steaks are wonderful.This is a good place to go and bring a group for a nice elegant dinner where you will not need to take a mortgage to pay the bill. The service is always good and the staff friendly. What more could you want from a locals joint?
1	We went for their happy hour on a Friday after work, which is only offered in the bar area.  The bar area was packed and we grabbed the last 2 seats.  Our friend joined us a few minutes later, but he had to stand for about 5-10 minutes until someone left and we cold source a chair.  The prices didn't really seem discounted at all, and the service suffered because of obvious understaffing.  Food quality was poor.  My calamari was bland and overcooked.  Bf ordered the prime rib slider, which was shaved prime rib that looked like an Arby's sandwich, but didn't taste as good.  My friend got the steak kabob, which was actually pretty good.  Atmosphere was busy, but not very lively.  My advice, drive down the street to Charleston, and go to Fleming's for happy hour.
1	We used to come here on and off all the time when we were emerald level.  Tonight the server was AWFUL this is not the place for him.  He did not suggest any appetizers and we heard every other table being offered their cold seafood platter on ice.  (which we used to order all the time)  He talked so dumb and slowly about the specials that were available too.  Service was incredibly incredibly slow  (Trust me in a fine dining restaurant you don't want to be rushed either but service tonight was horribly slow)  1 out of the 3 of us ordered steak and she always orders it WELLLL done.  Her steak came out medium.  The server could've cared less, took it away to get it fixed and when it came back out. It was THE SAME STEAK!!!  WHAT????? A fine dining restaurant and you don't even cook a NEW steak.  ARE YOU CRAZY!  Even in my restaurant we don't re cook the same entree, we make a NEW ONE.  AND he didn't even take it off the check.  1 of us ordered the 3 course meal which came with dessert.  While waiting literally 15 minutes for him to get our dessert and guess what, the place was NOT busy. The manager had stopped by to help clear our plates and offered dessert, and we told him we ordered it 15 minutes ago and are still waiting. He was hardly shocked and it took another 5+ minutes for him to bring it out.  After we finally got it, we sat there again LITERALLY (we checked the time) 20 minutes to get our check.  We were NOT impressed!!!!!!!!!We sent an email to the hotel to have the food and beverage director contact us. Low and behold the manager contacts us and apologizes and says he remembers us and offers us a comp for 2.  2??? UM THERE WERE 3 OF US!!!  AND you don't even know the damm problem because we didn't tell you the problem yet.  Hmmm are you trying to save your ass??? Well we still talked to the food and beverage director and we got things straightened out.  Get rid of the manager and get rid of this server and place them in a different restaurant, This one is not the right fit for them.
2	We are LV locals and have gone to the steakhouse before and had a great experience. We made a reservation for tonight to celebrate our anniversary which I mentioned when I made the reservation and did not have that great a dinner. First we were seated in a small corner table near the stairs, second my french onion soup had a large piece of onion skin ( the peel from the outside of the onion) in it and when I mentioned it to two people my waitress and the floor manager all I got was oh well it happens sometimes, my steak and sweet potato fries were cold. The only good thing was the desert we had the blondie. If we go again we will insist on a better table and hope the food is better. Oh and some guy was wearing a baseball cap in the dining room and he was not a youngster as well as giving golf swing lessons while dinning.
5	Everything was near perfect there were 3 of us and everything came out fine , we usually come here 3 or 4 times a year
5	Preface this by saying we are here with a comp, so we may be happily biased :)  We didn't know what to expect because we generally don't associate a nice luxury experience with the Suncoast Casino.  We were pleasantly surprised to walk in to a very well laid out and nicely decorated spot!  Grand red chandeliers, creme comfortable chairs and booths, and a view of the valley (even though on the 2nd floor). Service was great, felt welcome, and food came out very fast. The food was better than we expected too. The appetizers are so cheap compared to the serving size and quality. The only down side is that the main courses are expensive (but understandable based on environment and food and service)
2	My family has ordered a meal for a take-out a few weeks ago and the portion size was Huge and had many sides. To top it all off, it was cheap! So we decided to eat-in at the actual restaurant.Coming in, we were asked to wait for about 20 minutes to be seated. I was alright with the wait because I was with family to pass time. The venue was small, considering that you would need to take a private elevator. Anyway, the reason why I gave this place two stars started when we got the menu. The food is overpriced! The wait for the food was extremely long and the portion sizes were small. We had a coupon specifically for the restaurant from Suncoast, which the servers did not accept! When we left the restaurant, we happen to walk pass a sign that had a huge Special which was Not On The Menu nor did the servers notify us. Two stars for the benefit of the doubt.
5	We feel this is the best fine dining steakhouse with bang for your buck that we have found in the Vegas area. The staff are amazing and their is such a refined and calm ambience that we love celebrating a special occasion here. We love the steaks and deserts as well as the cocktails from the bar. Truly a wonderful place!
3	Rhonda our server has no business serving in fine dining!  Denny's maybe.  She couldn't keep our water glasses full or our bar drinks.  When we charged our meal to our room she yelled across the restaurant that she had to check that in would go through. No class!  Suncoast Casino comps our stay and meals when we choose to stay there.  Rhoda should be hired!
3	This place is a nice looking gourmet room.  However, the restaurant is a little pretentious with regard to food and service.  Denny's service may be an insult to Denny's.  Entree prices are high but the meals are mediocre and lacking creativity.  Stick to the bar for happy hour.  They do have quality food but they need a real chef to show how to cook it.
3	i thought the food was good. The decor is a little dated. Where it went wrong was the waitress misunderstood something i said and assumed we were in a hurry. The main course was rushed out on top of the salads and for a gourmet room with gourmet prices we were not happy. The manager was very apologetic and comped us all dessert and took one or two glasses of wine off the bill. That was nice of him. Its hard to look past the mix up however the food was good.
