3	Typical W-S location with more kitchen supplies than you can shake a spatula at...I went for one of the free cooking classes on Sunday morning - there were a lot of people and the chef, Sharon was very friendly and enthusiastic.  She totally tossed out the recipe that we were given, so that's confusing - how are we supposed to do this at home?  Ah well, it was a fun free hour of entertainment in Vegas. ;)
4	Most W-S stores get 5 stars from me, but unfortunately my local W-S isn't as great as some of the others I've encountered. It feels a little small, and the one time I tried to do a cooking class there it was so cramped and miserable - you couldn't see anything. The biggest issue I have with this W-S is the service sucks. They are rude on the phone nearly every time I call and they are so utterly unhelpful in the store as well. I'll keep patronizing them because I love W-S and this one is really close to my house, but I wish they'd work on their customer service skills a bit.
3	Williams-Sonoma is every home chef and entertainer's playground. From the most simple of measuring cups to the most obscure of utensils, WS has it all and often for a hefty price. However everything is pretty much top quality and you'll get your money's worth out of it if you take care of it like you're supposed to.I prefer to shop WS online because my experience at this WS has often been marked by overzealous or underwhelming customer service. My most recent trip on Easter was great-the sales associates were very friendly and not overbearing. Everyone has a different sales style and there's no perfect salesman, but this WS has been plagued with an unfortunate number of  sales associates who just make for an uncomfortable experience.They have some pretty decent sales-most of the items are seasonal or discontinued. Don't look for a clearance rack here, that's not the WS way. If you like to experiment with baking you can find pretty much every standard pan and mold and some not so standard. All of their bakeware definitely calls for a challenge and I'm always willing to experiment so I enjoy the variety. The store has a clean look to it-hard to do in a place that is packed with kitchen and bakeware. It's well-stocked and aesthetically pleasing which makes for easing browsing and easy shopping if you know what you're looking for and need to be in and out.Overall a great spot for the home chef-if they could fix their customer service problem this location would be a five star place.
3	So since I am on a baking kick lately I must visit the local kitchen gadget stores. This is a really nice store but its on the small side. The do have a nice selection to choose from but its all pretty pricey. I did not find anything that I had to have. The sales people were all pretty friendly even thought I did not buy anything. Im sure I will come back again..but not for awhile.
3	All very nice equipment but all very pricey better to find what you want online or at a department store if your serious enough to want something for your kitchen the smaller tools you could find cheaper at a restaurant supply store or a department store that sells kitchen gadgets and dishes.
3	My trips to Williams-Sonoma will never cease. I heart this place and all of the kitchen gadgets it provides me with to oogle at. I actually do purchase things here, but typically I browse, come back, browse again, and then make a hard decision. Mostly because this stuff ain't cheap.For me W&S is a place to let my inner chef come out and just daydream about the day I WILL OWN THAT EXPENSIVE SPATULA SET.... ahem. As I was saying...I do like that W&S has a wide range of baking accessories and offers Star Wars cookie cutters, pancake molds, etc. Also they have a decent selection of pots and pans. The staff here is usually nice. I have run into the same older women a few times and they are always quick to have a conversation with me. Last time I was here there was kind of an odd guy running the cash register. He wasn't mean, just a little off. I felt awkward just taking my bag and walking away without any conversation or "goodbye".Anyway, someday I will go to W&S and have my way... until then, daydreams it is.
4	This is the store where I set up my wedding registry, and the staff is so helpful.  They have registry events before the store opens, and Keith (who I found out moved to Wisconsin) made me a frittata!  Many times I am looking for "things in the back" and everyone goes out of their way to look for me.  I was able to acquire almost everything on my registry from guests, but I went back to Williams-Sonoma to complete my registry with the 10% discount offered about 6 weeks after the wedding.I received lots of help locating things, and some of the items I thought were discontinued or not carried here showed up miraculously!  I just have one thing left that is an online only item to buy! One thing I noticed last time was that my favorite Tunisian sweet pepper harissa spread that I use for making tagines was disappearing off the shelves.  I asked the staff if it was discontinued since there were none on the shelves.  They went to the back and found me three jars marked down from $12.95 to $2.95 each!  So I bought them all!  They are very knowledgeable about using their products and cooking.  I have attended the free classes (e.g., cooking with copper) and can always stop by to get ideas for recipes.
4	I love to cook and I love looking through Williams-Sonoma, but it is not so pretty when it comes time to pay. They are more expensive than other kitchen stores, yet I always come back. The reason: mixed into their classic and sleek items, there are geek chic collectibles. As you walk in, to the left, there is a corner dedicated to nerdy goodness. On top of the long running Star Wars cookie molds and pancake tins, they have added Disney and Marvel. Spiderman comic sugar cookie imprints and Avengers cookie cutters will delight young and old. Do not worry, comic books and superheroes are not your thing. How about Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs cake pan? What started as two of us walking off happy hour at Lucille's and ice cream from Ben & Jerry's ended with a yearning to use these newly acquired cookie cutters.
1	If you want overpriced kitchen stuff and service with a surly attitude, this should be your Williams Sonoma location to visit. Do yourself and your debit card a favor and shop around. You'll be glad that you did. And the serious $$ you save by shopping elsewhere can be spent by driving across Green Valley Parkway and trying Settebello's awesome pizzas which you know you've always wanted to try. Grimaldi's isn't too far away either.
2	I like Williams-Sonoma.  It's fun to look around.  The service leaves something to be desired at this location though.I guess I don't look like I have the money to shop in Williams-Sonoma.  No salesperson ever offers assistance, even when they're obviously not busy.  One day, I was visiting to purchase an expensive Vitamix blender.  I had saved my money for a while, and I was so eager to take my precious li'l baby home.  I played with the demo model for a long time, hoping someone would come over and help me.  There wasn't another soul in the store, but the two salespeople just stood around.  Fine.  So I flagged one down while the other went to go do goodness-knows-what-else.  The salesperson made a gesture like she was going to come over and help me, but just then, a group of middle-aged women walked in.  Guess who she greeted and helped first?  If you guessed me, you're dead wrong.After standing there for another few minutes, I walked right out and purchased my $600 blender on Amazon.  I won't be back to this location.  Don't make assumptions about your customers based on appearances or age.  You never know who you're dealing with until you make - or lose - a major sale.
2	Nice to look and get ideas. Convenient location. The staff is not as friendly as they should be for trying to sell overpriced kitchen wares.Prices are a little high and quality overall seems medium on most items.Been in a couple times but I don't feel that great about the total experience. Pass
1	Other Yelper's are correct when they talk about the seriously snooty staff at this location. I drove all the way across town to watch one of the demonstrations they have listed on the online calendar. Come to find out they never do the listed demonstrations and only have a technique class once in a while. Fine, waste of time, but on top of that I just got such a weird vibe from the staff! They were not very welcoming and not particularly friendly either. They could have offered an explanation as to why they do not have the demonstrations there or could have pointed me in the direction of another William Sonoma store that does do them, however they missed the opportunity and missed out on my consistent business. Oh well their loss not mine.
4	Williams-Sonoma helps fulfill my yuzu fantasies - at times this location has Yakami Orchards Yuzu Juice, which I use in my cooking.  I stopped in today to find yuzu-ginger sauce on sale and yuzu-meyer lemon cocktail mix!  I purchased the mix more to make yuzu soda than cocktails (though I could add some to dry sparkling wine for fun).  I immediately went home and made soda by putting some frozen yuzu peel at the bottom of the glass, poured a few ounces of the yuzu mix, a few ice cubes, and added a MINI can of ginger ale for yuzu-ginger soda.I find the staff here to be very helpful.  I brought down a meat thermometer that I could not figure out how to use the other day and the associate showed me how it works right away, and addressed common questions about that particular product others have had.
4	Not only do I love to find good food but I also love to cook good food. I've been to many William-Sonomas in my lifetime, but this one always seems so warm and friendly. I ran in the other day to pick up a few things and wound up with a list of classes coming up. Not only do they offer FREE classes but they are on Sundays. How fantastic is that? For those of us in  the city that have regular jobs, it's hard to get to these weekly things that start at 5-ish. Knowing that I can come in on Sunday after church makes me so there.This store is a decent size. I've seen many bigger, but for some reason that seems to be the trend in Las Vegas. Everything is smaller accept the casinos. This location is at The District in Green Valley so on a nice day it's great to walk around or grab a bite somewhere.While I would prefer to go to Sur La Table, the idea of going into the Fashion Show mall makes me want to jump off the Stratosphere. If you want good kitchen equipment, this is a great store for quality items. Yes, it's a little pricey at times, but if you are like me, you want to pay for something that will LAST.
3	If the kitchen is your favorite spot then this is totally your place!  Awesome collection of cookware and small appliances.  They also have gifty food items and fun kitchen supplies - lots of stuff that makes me say, "I don't NEED it, but I sure do want it."  So my service experience is where I subtract stars.  I always get friendly service whenever I ask a question but I've found that there's no follow through.  On one occasion I went to buy one of the hand soap gift sets and the one on the shelf that I wanted was busted.  I asked the salesperson if they had any more and she said that she would go look for me.  Well I waited a good 15 minutes only to see her helping another customer.  She never did come back to update me.  Uhhh, really?  I left without it and, although I still wanted it, I never did go back for it.  Sale lost, folks.  It left a bad taste in my mouth.  Quality is another concern of mine.  I have a collection of canisters that I received as a bridal shower gift three years ago.  One of the canister tops never fully closed.  Well, that "seal" is what makes canisters so valuable - they keep items fresh, and air and other stuff out.  This top was always half open!  I addressed this a few months after the wedding and realized that this set was already discontinued.  My mother in law eventually found my damaged sugar canister at an outlet store and that one had issues too!  If I didn't love the set so much I would retire it.  But I digress, this really has nothing to do with this particular location.  With such pricey, superfluous kitchen products I would hope that the service and quality would be more up to par.  But I can't help it.  I like to come in here and look around and I don't think I've completely given up on this place.
1	This place... This place man (or lady)I bought a pan from them. It looked really nice and it broke within a month. I bought cooking wear from a 99 store that lasted longer then that.I won money gambling and bought a nice pepper shaker for my mom she has arthritis and a weak hand but, it still broke in a week.I bought a $20 thermometer and it broke after the second use. Thinking that it was just a run of bad luck I decided to try one more time. I wanted a simple tea container and the lady said she had more in the back. She told me to wait a minute.  I waited 10 and when I moved to look at something else I saw her talking to her co-worker. I walked out. Not going to walk back in there. Sure the appearance is great... but, everything else is an overpriced rip-off.
3	I wish this store carried more of the items that are online
4	Upping my stars from 3 to 4 , the staff is getting more friiendly and I'm learning my way about the store better :)
1	Very disappointed in their wedding registry. Fair warning if you try to return something not on your registry without a receipt they won't let you return it.
1	This store is THE WORST, and I LOVE William's - Sonoma Products. My Wife and two daughters walk in the store, the woman who's giving away free samples of Peppermint Bark in the front of the store literally HIDES FROM US; and we were going to buy what? You guessed it, PEPPERMINT BARK.  We were made to feel like we weren't welcome.  I hope someone driving on the new frontage road takes out the store.  Unless you look like yo have money, they will not pay attention to you.
3	I love Williams Sonoma and the products they carry, however customer service is a little meh.  Let me state that I had my wedding registry with them so I've been in several times over the past 8 months.  Pretty much every time I've needed help or to order something not carried in their store Ive had to track down an associate to help me (coming from a background in sales it seems kinda crazy to me)... like literally every single time! The only time I've actually ever been asked if i was doing alright is if I was standing at the counter while an associate (i tracked down) was looking for something for me in the back.  They are always cooking, but never once have I been offered that days samplings.  On several occasions I would not even be greeted upon walking in, as well as while I'm checking out no new customers are greeted.  I will say for a positive that they would allow me to use my 10% discount for registry completion before i actually got married which was nice.  And that when I did order things from their store they would wave the shipping fees.  So pretty much 5 stars for the products, 1.5 stars for customer service.
