5	We have children with special needs. Usually, Kids+Dentist=very loud screaming and flailing limbs (if they don't wear hockey masks and protective cups, the dentist should not come within striking range!). The first time we went to Dr. Quackenbush (yes, that is really his name) at Timber Falls Pediatric Dentistry, I was a basket case. My daughter was clinging to me, absolutely terrified (funny how one bad experience can do that to a child!). They got all three kids in at the same time, in the same room (they have a large room with three chairs for just such occasions) and three hygienists. They were gentle, kind and very patient. The dentist was an absolute gem. He got my daughter to sit in the chair and open her mouth so that he could count her teeth. That was all that he was able to do, but it was still pretty phenomenal that he was able to get that much done with her! He also reassured me that, despite a previous dentist from hell's assessment that my daughter (who was three at the time - THREE!) would most definitely need braces, she very well may not need braces. He explained how her teeth were moving and that when she got her adult teeth, they would likely move into the correct place. Wow!The next time we went, he was able to get Xrays of the kids' teeth! That was a first! And all three had full cleanings! I was ready to bow down to this man and his amazing staff of angels. We have another appointment tomorrow (which I scheduled because my just turned 5 year old son ASKED to go to the dentist!) and my anxiety is not nearly what it used to be. And neither is my kids'.
5	From the moment you walk in until you leave, you feel welcome and appreciated at Timber Falls Pediatric Dentistry.  My 5 year old loved the log cabin, homey feel of the office and so did I.  One simple piece of paperwork and my daughter was called in 4 minutes ahead of her appointment.  The dental assistant was respectful and talked my daughter through every part of the bite wing x-rays to the exam room.  They made sure she was comfortable and explained the chair going up and back.  A quick polish, a little scraping and a quick floss was all it took.  My daughter was wearing her favorite Disney character on her shirt and the dental assistant slide a toothbrush with the same character in her to go bag when she was done.  That made my daughter's day.  Dr. Quackenbush was so polite, respectful and kind.  He praised my daughter in just the right way to acknowledge all the work she'd done to keep cavities at bay.  He let us know what to expect with the 6 year molars popping up and the potential to begin losing teeth in the next 8-9 months.  He addresses all my concerns and questions from a previous dental experience and it calmed me to know he wasn't about making the next buck on unnecessary procedures instead to say, "Let's see what nature intended and we'll see you in 6 months."  My daughter told me at bed time that seeing Dr. Quackenbush today was her 2nd best part of the day (1st was going to a bike ride with Mommy after dinner).  Can't beat that kind of experience for a 5 year old.
5	Dr. Brett Quackenbush and his staff are wonderful with kids! I always schedule both of my boys together, and they are both seen at the same time by two hygienists to minimize my wait time. The office staff is friendly and efficient. My kids love going to the dentist!  I highly recommend Timber Falls.
5	My kids love going to the dentist! They remind me when it been 6mo. We love Dr. Quackenbush and his staff!!!
5	We've been taking my daughter to Timber Falls for several years now and they have been so wonderful with her. Dr. Quakenbush and the hygenists are so gentle and kind to her, she actually enjoys her visits. Plus, she loves getting a treasure out of the chest, and playing in the log cabin in the waiting area.
5	I highly recommend Dr. Quackenbush and the staff. Everyone is caring and so good with kids!
5	We love Dr. Quackenbush and all the staff at Timber Falls!  I have four kids going there ranging from age 3 to 11 and each one of them enjoy going.  Dr. Quackenbush is very professional, caring, and honest and when there are issues with my kids' teeth he always goes through each option available and lets me know which one is the best for that child and the situation (not the one that would pay him more money).  One of my younger daughters has had to have several baby root canals done there and still never hesitates to go back because they always take such good care of her there and never make her feel uncomfortable.  I highly recommend Dr. Quackenbush!
