3	Stopped in here last Tuesday for lunch.  It took me a minute to realize some things had changed, like the name and the staff and the position of some of the items.  The new signs are funny, they used the "i" from "city"and moved it a bit to use it in Asia.  of course the "i" is faded and the three new letters are not.This owner is going to try opening at 10:30 instead of 11:00 like the last one did for the first couple of months.  Getting there right after 11:00 all the trays were full and everything was the proper temp.  I wonder how long they can keep all the trays full with only the dozen or so folks that were eating without having food go bad.  They did have somebody tending the trays almost constantly.  I did notice one of the cake pieces was pretty well dried out but that may be enhanced with the heavy a/c this time of year.  Will have to wait and see how these folks do, the food and the price are right, they just need more customers.
3	Here's the Valley's newest Buffet, China Asia!  It has opened in the building formerly occupied by New China Super Buffet, so Jackie R. and Mike C. joined me today to give it a try for lunch.  There were 120 main food items out, plus sauces and dressings.  A good variety of Sushi was presented, as well as Mongolian BBQ with a proper selection of veggies and 4 meats.  While there was nothing amazing about the place, I enjoyed all the food I tried here today, including the Sushi and Mongolian.  There were treats such as bright green string seaweed with garlic, Kim Chee. and most everything else you hope to see at an Asian Buffet at this price point.  A nice extra was 8 kinds of real ice cream.     :-)Our table service was excellent and the prices just $6.99/$6.29 Sr.
1	Please avoid this place...the most horrible food ive ever tried and soo expensive! Almost threw up on my way out! Wongs place in tempe is the place to go! Real food!
2	This buffet has a past-its-prime feel about it, and that includes the look and taste of most of the food too.  The front reception/cash register area was dirty and the seating behind it was strewn with dirty and tattered personal items. The carpeting in the dining room was beyond filthy and gave the whole place a decidedly dingy feel. The restaurant seemed to have ample staffing but everyone seemed to be running around looking stressed out and overwhelmed, except the young woman sitting at the hostess station who occasionally dozed off and seemed oblivious to everything going on around her.  The steam table food was the stereotypical Chinese-American style stuff with chicken-everything.  When we arrived at about 12:45, the restaurant was maybe at 20% capacity, yet many of the lunch buffet selections had been depleted and not refilled. Much of the food appeared to be from frozen/prepared products.  I opted for the stuffed crab and the small prawns; those weren't too bad I have to admit.  Overall, no return trip.
