3	Relatively quiet. Comfortable seats. Plentiful power. Easy wi-fi. Restrooms. Ideal.Other than the usual Starbucks coffee, a perfect spot to stop and top off your caffeine level, upload pictures and get a brief rest.This Starbucks is right across from Canongate Kirk and the Museum of Edinburgh.
5	This is definitely one of my favourite places to be in Edinburgh. The other Starbucks' are good- after all, it's the same coffee and the same products, but this is out of the hustle and bustle and is a lot quieter. You could be anywhere in the world  sitting in here.I love it in here, I've spent hours just lazing away with a good book or just a coffee and my thoughts. Ahhh!!The staff are really friendly too, I forgot my umbrella once and a poor guy ran after me in the pouring rain, and I was almost at my door. bless.
5	The Canongate stretch of The Royal Mile can feel surprisingly serene and peaceful despite it's location, and all the shops, cafes and tourist attractions feel that little bit more honest than their unscrupulous brethren just a few minutes walk up the road. From the whisky shop with the grumpy looking dog in the window to the slightly outdated but well-loved museums, it's a genuinely likeable part of Edinburgh, that sadly goes downhill both figuratively and literally as you approach the palace.This Starbucks. often devoid of a great deal of punters, but always bathing in a relaxing, genteel atmosphere, is undoubtedly one of the best examples you'll find of the virus-like market leader. It's somewhat bizarre to use the lazy, cliched "hidden gem" phrase to describe a Starbucks, but in this case it really does fit.
4	OK, let me just start by saying, yes, I know that this is a Starbucks, and it probably shouldn't be listed as one of my favourite coffee shops in Edinburgh.The thing is, the Canongate location is particularly quiet, especially considering its close proximity to about 500 Scottish-themed tourist stores.  The staff is lovely and laid-back, and, it's Starbucks, so you know what you're getting every time.  As a student, I always found this location ideal - I could sit there for hours on my laptop, and no one would ever make me move.  Because it's a giant corporation who doesn't *really* need my money, I don't feel bad taking up a table for awhile.  Like a second office, Starbucks is there when you want to mooch some space.I think I did some of my best writing in this location.  A recent overhaul has also ensured that almost every seat in the place has an outlet, so no need to fight for the one free outlet previously available.I would recommend to anyone to get a free Starbucks card.  This way you get free wireless in all locations, and any 'extras' like another shot of espresso, syrup, or whipped cream magically become free! All this just for the small price of a little market research stalking!Skip the big Starbucks on the High Street and make the short trek down to the Canongate.
4	Nice, clean and quiet...Partners are always helpful...A good place to work!
4	A bright, clean and airy Starbucks, despite the high-traffic location.The bar seats at the front window each have their own power outlets, so not only is it a great place for freelancers to set up shop, but the layout keeps the floor open for larger parties.I also discovered a meatball and mozzarella panini that I enjoyed almost to a shameful degree. Yes, all of Starbucks' food is prepackaged and likely full of processed ingredients, but you can't deny they're tasty!
