5	To begin, this was previously Village Pub.  I have driven by this place hundreds of times over the past few years, and when the name changed to Yorky's, I had assumed it had been sold off to another owner.  I like the old school vibe in Village Pubs, and I guess I just assumed another owner wouldn't have kept the same feel, so I dismissed it.Yesterday, I decided to stop just to check it out.  2 things surprised me:1) It's the still part of Village Pubs.  They removed the restaurant section and just kept the bar.  2) This place is one of the nicest little bars in town!  The bar looks brand new, the decor is upscale pub and all fresh, brand new flat screens around the bar.  I was very impressed.With that being said, I was immediately greeted by Mickey, the day shift bartender.  Super nice!  Got an ice cold Stella and thew some money into the Keno machine.  Shift changed and Brian came on board.  First thing he did was come over to introduce himself with a handshake.  That's good bartending.I had dinner plans later, but I asked to see a menu anyway.  They have a simple one sheet, two sided menu.  Typical pub fare with a couple little surprises.  Then I saw it...Fish & Chips!  I was excited for a minute, but then remembered all the disappointments I've had with Fish & Chips in bars.  I asked the bartender if they were any good, and, of course he said they were awesome.  Still skeptical, I continued my Keno and transitioned back to my date, Stella.  Just then, and older patron came in and she asked if she could get 2 orders of Fish & Chips to go.  She looked over to me and said, "We get them all the time when we come, so I thought I'd just come pick some up tonight.  They're so good!"  It was as if the Gods had witnessed my dilemma and sent the silvery haired messenger to my aid!Needless to say, I didn't order them, but oh yes.  I will be back.I think I have a new SW spot.
4	A small pub down near Wal-Mart (Hacienda and Ft. Apache) tied to the Village Pub chain.  That means they have good food.  I've had their quesadilla, chicken fingers and salads and they're all good.  I've been in there a few times so far and every time the people are super friendly.  The bartenders are also good people.  Because of their Village Pub ties, they sell Ellis Island Beer which is arguably the best local brew.  For the holiday season they have an Egg Nog from Ellis Island that's out of this world!
5	Yorky's has a great happy hour. $2 beers, well drinks, and wine and half off all of their appetizers. The ambiance is mellow and casual and the bartenders are friendly and efficient. I usually go in after work which is around midnight when Garrell is tending bar--best sloe gin fizz I've had yet. Also, the food is amazing. Despite the happy hour prices, they give you a very large portion. Overall great experience--perfect place to take a load off after work without spending a lot of money.
4	This particular location is nothing fabulous. It's a bar only, no longer has a separate restaurant section to get ready for smoke! My boyfriend is a smoker, so he enjoyed it, and I'm used it from being around him, though I'd ideally like to eat in a smoke free establishment.This bar is very dim and you can see how you would be able to spend hours and hours at the video poker machines, which is seems is exactly what most of the regular clientele here do. The menu is also more limited than Village Pub, probably as a direct result of it only being a bar now.The service from the bartenders was top notch! They kept both mine and my boyfriend's drinks full, made conversation but weren't overbearing at all, and gave recommendations that were appreciated, brief and not pushy. Completely perfect bar service!Both of us got the fish and chips because we both think that Village Pub (or Yorky's) does it best in the valley.. exempting the places that are charging +$16 or more for pub food. Not knocking those places, but for the price here at $9, you can't beat it. The batter is fluffy, you can taste the beer in it- heck, you can smell the beer in it! The fish they serve here is cod, and it comes simply with chips (steak fries, lightly seasoned), tartar sauce and lemon. I always feel bad afterwards because of all the grease. Physically! But not emotionally.. I never regret the fish and chips here!While the bar is 24/7, the kitchen is open from 7am-2am. Get your fishy fix here!
5	It's that wonderful time of year again!  you have to try their egg nog!  It is so delicious!!
4	Well, the bar isn't the best decorated or the most stylish but its certainly a keeper. it has a quiet atmosphere and a hell of a happy hour. The food is very reasonably priced and tastes very good.Note: This location also serves Ellis Island drafts and a certain favorite food item.....but thats a secret...shhhh
4	Good happy hour during graveyard hours,  small comfy atmosphere. "Cheers Style" neighborhood bar. Bartender Mike was very nice, great conversation.
