5	I met Don Niam at City Athletic Club (CAC) off Sahara near Buffalo and since the first day I attended one of his Strike Fit classes, my health and physique has exponentially changed for the better.Don's classes combines elements of kick boxing, kung fu, muay thai, boxing, MMA, and other self defense techniques.   He's worked with students with vast experience all the way to day 1 beginners and he tailors his instruction to the student's needs.  I enjoyed his classes so much that I paired with Don for private training sessions 3 days a week.In less than 2 months, I was able to shed 11 pounds and 10% body fat.   I should also throw out that I have never been a disciplined gym rat - if i made it to a gym 3 times in a month that would be a huge success.  Don works with each person and develops a total game plan - you don't need to worry about anything.   He gave me nutrition tips, pre gym techniques such as recommending supplements and drinks to better prepare me for the classes.I have nothing but good things to say about Don.  He's a true professional and if you are into martial arts, you will have a special added bonus as kung fu and personal training is his specialty.   Do yourself a favor and get in touch with Don Niam.   I now care about my health and physique and hopefully i can add to my recent success of losing 10+ lbs and 10 points in body fat. Thank you Don Niam Personal Training.
5	I travel from Los Angeles to Las Vegas once roughly every 5-6 weeks to train with Don Niam. Under his direction, he's not just giving me a good workout once a month, but is giving me the tools for short-term goals and long-term change.I don't know what sets him apart, his attention to detail, years of experience, ability to tailor a workout specifically to the needs and skillset of the client. In my case, I'm a former sprinter and mid-distance runner turned soccer player who was allergic to the gym.Since training with Don I've noticed specific changes: increased radius and strength with my kicks (for soccer), a return to a more athletic, lean muscle physique, improved posture, endurance and confidence.I wholeheartedly recommend Don to anyone who is a resident of Vegas, or even just a visitor from out of town.
