1	It pains me to write this review. I'm hurting. But, I must yelp the truth. Let's start with the positive because I want more than anything to feel good about Kachina Dry Cleaners. The location is good (40th st and Indian School) and I love the kitsch of their name and the sign. It's so old Arizona that I wanted so much to love them.The woman who (I think) owns the joint is SO SWEET. I just love her. She's always happy and you leave thinking that your clothes will be in the tenderest of care. I also have made up this story that she and her husband moved out here in 1950 and opened up this dry cleaners on the outskirts of Phoenix and her husband has passed away, but she carries on the business. (Understand that I've made all of that up in my head.)There are two OTHER women there though that are the most unpleasant creatures I've ever come into contact with. I've tried. Seriously. I've often pulled up, sat in the car and screwed up every bit of nice I had in my body to try and get them (especially one) to smile back. But, no. I get a downright grimace, no eye contact and barely an utterance. Oh, I've tried!!!! Plus, they always need at least three days. Then, they lost my clothes once. Someone ELSE had picked up my clothes. But, I kept going back because I just love the owner. So, I'm sorry, Kachina Dry Cleaners lady. I love you. And I want to support you. But, I can't.
1	I was referred to Kachina Dry Cleaners by the gang at Park Avenue DC (my regular dry cleaners) on Indian School Rd. What a sad experience! The lady at the counter was so rude that after I dropped off my "special" items a pair of newly purchased thermal drapery panels - I almost went back in and asked for them back. In hindsight, I should have followed my instincts!Since the items had to be "sent out" and were over two weeks in the processing - I called three days past the promised date to be screamed at by the lady who answered the telephone. She yelled, "did anyone call you?" When I replied "no" but the ETA was three days ago ...she slams  down the telephone, returning 5 minutes later - saying, "yeah they're here" and hangs up!My husband picked the drape up the next day - the cost was twice what was quoted...the items were not pressed, still having the original wrinkles from the packaging AND they have glue-like spots all over them. These drapes were brand new and in perfect conditions sans the packaging wrinkles...The customer service staff is terrible - and the dry cleaning services are worse. Do not use this dry cleaner for anything that you don't mind throwing away!
5	Kachina Dry Cleaners was recommending to me by a senior level banking friend of mine that has had his weekly dry cleaning done here for years and swears by them.  This is an outstanding cleaners.  Everything Kevin says about the older lady I feel is absolutely true.  She really is the sweetest thing ever.  I've been going here for a year and a half and even after trying another more convenient location for me, I keep coming back.  My clothes are always perfectly crisp and ready to wear.  Just 2 weeks ago, I went to put on one of my dressier shirts but noticed some sort of splatter stain down the left side of the shirt.  I don't wear this shirt very often and in fact it had been over a year since Kachina had cleaned it.  I was impressed that she took it back and cleaned it with very little grief.If you haven't tried these guys, you should!  Their prices are great for the quality and level of service they give.
5	Kachina Dry Cleaners is the best in town! ...and the owner (Stella) is adorable! I've been bringing my dry cleaning to Kachina since 2005 when I moved to that part of town; today I don't live over there anymore but I still bring my clothes to Kachina. I have anything from Hugo Boss suits to a few button down shirts from Old-Navy and everything in between, and I trust Kachina with everything. Never once have they let me down! My shirts are always perfect, never missing a button and they even put collar stays in the collars. My pants have razor sharp creases and my sweaters look brand new!I even trusted them with a California-King goose down comforter, this truly is the best cleaner in town.Thank you Stella, I wouldn't take my clothes anywhere else!
5	We have been using Kachina Dry Cleaners for the past 7 years and have never been disappointed.  Service is excellent, and they will expedite if requested.  We had tried the discount cleaners down the street, and while the shirts weren't bad, the dry cleaning was horrible.  Stella and her son, Stacey, are great!
