5	Trust me on this- this is a great place to go get single-serve bakery items.  Their cream filling is to die for, and they use it in their cream horns, donughts, and cookie sandwiches.  They also make great fruit filled danishes and turn-overs.  The single-serving cakes are decent, but cakes are not the best thing they make.  I have never ordered naything from here, so I don't know how they are with cake orders.
4	A very cute little place that has great food!  I have a serious sweet tooth and this place satisfied it.  So if you're in the mood for an afternoon snack and aren't afraid of calories stop in and check it out.  They have a variety of tasty treats, but I have to say I'm a sucker for the cream horns and cookie sandwiches.
2	The bakery is ok, but the service is terrible.  Never going back.
1	I heard great things about this bakery. Boy, was I disappointed. I got a small birthday cake and requested flowers, but when I picked it up, it looked like some the person who decorated was still tripping out from the Bonnaroo festival. Either that or the cake itself was attacked by 5 different color cans of silly string. It looked like a child decorated it. When we cut into the cake, it also looked like a kindergardener had executed the work. Three layers in a 6 inch cake? wtf? They were all different sizes and looked like they were scraps from another cake. I was ok with all of this if it tasted good. Well, that dream was shattered as I tasted my first bite. The "buttercream" icing tasted like someone had an accident and mistook "one tablespoon - almond extract" for "one cup - almond extract. And since they probably used cake scraps, as mentioned above, this could explain why it was so D - R - Y, dry. I was ~very~ bummed because I had ~very~ high hopes for this bakery. The people were nice to me, though.
4	Cinnamon bun and apple fritters were great!  Looking forward to trying other items.  They've been in business 51 years!
2	We found some good reviews on Suarez online and decided to order my little sister's baby shower cake from this bakery.  However, being a commitment-phobe I had to sample the taste before ordering a huge cake.  We went in and found the flavor that we liked (white chocolate with raspberry filling).  Placed an order for a cake large enough to serve 70-75 guests.  It was pricey, but for the family's first grandchild it was nothing to fret about.We picked up the cake a day ahead cause we knew we would be too busy the day of.  It looked so gorgeous, just like the picture from the album (it was an Asian themed party so it was red and black with gold and very Asian-y) But it was only eye-candy.  When my sister cut the cake, it was chocolate!! not white but brown! we did not order this flavor.  To top it off, when the guests ate it, it colored their teeth and lips a bluish-black!  It rubbed off but still very visible!  How embarassing, especially when it was a formal type party.  Everyone was dressed up to the nines, and now their teeth were discolored (I roll around laughing now, but I was an angry bull then).  It was also very dry, it crumbled away in medium sized chunks when the fork was gently applied.  It was a pretty bad cake in all respects.  The icing had an oily residue, not the typical creamy icing that Im used to.Anyway, when I called the next day and relayed my spiel, they said they would give us a free cake on our next occasion.  Atleast that was nice of them, but I just hope the 'replacement' cake is nothing like the above mentioned.
5	Delicious, unique cakes that are both visually appealing and appetizing.  Interesting, caring staff.  This is pricey cake, but well worth it for special occasions.  Very happy to accomodate design requests.My recollection is that they do not take credit cards, so bring cash or ask if they take checks.Also -- the donuts.  These are not their main item, but are amazing.  As a treat, grab a couple and some milk while you are there ordering your cake.
4	I was craving a doughnut and had to do extensive research to find a place in Charlotte that serves doughnuts (the actual food item made in a bakery) as opposed to "donuts" (the standardized shelf-stable industrial product).  My boss recommended Suarez Bakery.  I stopped in this morning for a cream-filled doughnut and was not disappointed.  Although the doughnut selection is fairly small and mainly includes fluffy raised doughnuts, they are very good ones -- fresh pastry, crispy on the outside, not overly sweet, with a good flavor.  The cream-filled doughnut was copiously filled with a nice traditional pastry cream.  Definitely from a completely different world than Krispy Kreme.
1	How is this place still in business? A friend and I gave another friend her wedding cake for a gift. I was skeptical since when I was married 10 yrs ago they were removed from the approved vendor's listing used at a major reception venue I worked with. We visited and the service was ok, at best, I had a pastry and it was great so away we went. The cake in truly inedible. It was pretty but it was simply inedible. Really upsetting and embarrassing since it was a gift.
5	This place is like the old style bakeries that used to be around when I was younger.  No frills just really good cakes, cookies, and cupcakes.  I go every Friday and get a vanilla cupcake with buttercream and a carrot cakes cupcake with cream cheese icing.  The cookies rock and the people are awesome.  They aren't over priced like some other places close by either.  They also have red velvet cupcakes too.  They people who work there are super nice too.
3	I'd probably rank this somewhere between three and four stars.  The Fiance and I tried Suarez for the first time last week. I got a carrot cake cupcake, and he went with one of the specials, Orange Creamsicle. The carrot cake was pretty decent - good icing, and sticky moist carrot cake (no add-ins, if you're not a fan of pineapple/raisins/walnuts/whatever).  It was a touch too sweet for my tastes, but I think that seems to be the trend.  He liked the Creamsicle one, if I could tell anything by how quickly he finished it (less than four bites). He said only the icing was orange-vanilla flavored, but the cupcake was plain vanilla. Still good, though.The reason I have to dock them a star or two is confusion over their ingredients.  I've been in twice to ask (two different) workers about what they put in their icing.  One of them said their buttercream is made with no shortening, and the only one that did have shortening was the "traditional vanilla" flavor; the other one said ALL of the cupcakes have shortening in the icing - except for the cream cheese.  Not sure why they don't have their facts straight, but whatever.Oh, they had samples out for some crunchy almond cookies and pound cake, which were both very solid.
4	Classic.  Baked. No Nonsense Goodies. Suarez shares a bakery space in the Park Road Shopping Center with Tizzerts, and I always tend to spend on the Suarez side for their unpretentious, well made pastries. No frills like fancy boxes of labels, just well-made, inexpensive pastry and desserts. I come here for the turnovers, or anything with puff pastry.  Carlos, the owner, and his staff actually make it from scratch which I think is very admirable since it's so labor intensive.  Guava is common in Latin cooking, and it's done well here.  Just pop these turnovers in the oven for a few minutes and they're crisp and buttery and delicious. The reason I have 4 stars for Suarez versus 5, is I'm not a fan of their cake icing, which reviewer Nazima touched upon briefly as having an oily residue. It's the same with certain supermarket frostings, which aren't made of butter,  but something partially hydrogenated, or maybe it is butter, but too much.  It leaves a funny slick feeling in your mouth. Ultimately, the service is super efficient and pretty friendly.  Just don't expect any of those fancy-shmancy Ace of Cakes type creations here.  Just back-to-basic cupcakes, donuts, turnovers and whatever goodies are there for the day.
5	Our lunch started here yesterday with my first taste of the GIANT "Texas" Doughnut, I ate the hole (almost regular doughnut size treat) and I also had a Peanut Butter Cookie and a Chocolate Dipped (end dipped in Chocolate) Almond Horn Cookie!  See Photos!
4	Have never ordered or tried their cakes but I have tried the other desserts here and they are always fantastic.  I am a huge fan of the glaze they use on their texas size doughnut and their donut holes are FANTASTIC - BEST I EVER TASTED!!!!!  We moved out of Charlotte years ago but every visit, we come back to get donuts and donut holes!
4	Yummy! Call me "Hero of the office." I picked up a box of deliciously fresh and scrumptious cookies from Suarez Bakery for the office crew...by the time I got it to everyone there may have been 4-5 mini cookies already eaten. I couldn't resist! The cookies are made in house and they are baked to perfection! The thumbprint cookies have the just right amount of jelly in the middle, the almond sugar cookies are to die for...there are so many types to choose from. You just have to go in here and buy one of each. Suarez sells the cookies and the beautiful cakes on display on the other side are made by Tizzerts. I didn't get anything from them during this stop, but Tizzerts (from past experience) is really good too!The employees are very friendly! While the store looks modest on the outside, you can expect to get quality on the inside. Their prices are very reasonable as well!
5	Best elephant ears in the Universe!Your pal,Walter
1	My family and I went in for a wedding cake testing for my sister's wedding. We were sat down and given several different flavors. They all tasted pretty good. But the problems started when the "consultant" (which we now call the Mean-Order-Taking-Lady") stepped in. She was the least helpful person I've ever met in my life. She NEVER smiled once. When she saw that there was clearly confusion and questions, she didn't bother to step in once to help. When we actually did ask her questions, she would shrug her shoulders and say "I don't know. Whatever you want." Sorry but this is my sister's only (hopefully) wedding and excuse her if she has questions for you. After all this mayhem, my mom finally asked what is the drop dead date we needed to know answers for the cake. "A month before." Her wedding is in August!! Why couldn't you have told this well before all the stress?? The experience was completely 100% ruined by this lady. We've talked to several other brides who have gone to them and they've had the exact same experience. Unfortunately we have to use Suarez as it's part of a package deal with the wedding location but we're considering forgoing that money and finding a better place.
3	Suarez has a Yelp check-in offer of a free baked good with the purchase of another.  No one seemed to know what Yelp was in the store, so I took the liberty to educate them!I got the salted caramel cupcake and the lemon bar- both were equally fantastic in taste!  The prices are reasonable and the location is fair (located right beside Flying Biscuit).  The decor (or lack thereof) is not quite as sizzling as some other bakeries in Charlotte- which gives the impression that this bakery is more affordable.  Remember to bring cash!  They do not take credit for any purchases below $5.  Definitely a good place to start sweet cravings for any person with a sweet tooth!
5	We stumbled upon this shop while we were in the area for some other work. The display was so inviting that we had to try something. We had a coconut cloud cupcake and a lemon raspberry cupcake. We loved both. The cream was so light and wasn't too sweet. The owner told us that it was more of a European style selection. We would certainly return and try new flavors.
4	My sister went back after I was contacted by someone from the bakery due to my original review. Apparently I'm not the only one who had complaints about this particular employee (who is no longer working there). My sister's second experience was completely different and so much better! She is so happy to be getting exactly what she wants and I can't wait to taste the final product.
1	My sister and I bought a number of items at Suarez. My sister met me there at my suggestion, I am so embarrassed. She had to throw away half of her purchases. The chocolate macaroon tasted rancid, the whoopee pie was odd and the cheese straws were not crispy, they were like a strange cheese "cake" product.  Very disappointed in our visit to Suarez, I won't recommend it to any one else.
4	What a sweet little spot! I'd probably go 4.5 stars if I could. I found out about Suarez last year from a friend when in need of a recommendation for a birthday cake for a female relative. They made an awesome cake; I wish I had taken photos of it! I went in and they went over all the details with me down the the exact details of each sugar flower on the cake. For $70 I got a beautiful cake that easily fed 12 people with leftovers! It was such a hit!Since I recently began writing reviews on Yelp, I went back, and used the Yelp mobile app to check in. To my pleasant surprise, Suarez Bakery had a promotion for a free baked good when you used the check in feature. Yay! My 6 cupcakes just turned into 7! When I went in with the mobile offer, no one knew what I was talking about, but they were more than friendly and accommodating and granted me an extra cupcake.  : )I LOVE their cupcakes. They are a generous size, not at all dry, and super aesthetically pleasing. I got 2 red velvets, lemon drop, raspberry lemon,chocolate with strawberry icing, salted caramel, and a vanilla cupcake with vanilla icing and white chocolate shavings.  I thought the rasp lemon was the prettiest, and my favorites were the red velvet (as usual) and the salted caramel (first time to try!).I will be back soon to try the elephant ears and grab some more cupcakes.  : )
4	On my increasingly desperate search for cream horns, I came to Suarez for some sweet treats.  Located in the Park Road Shopping Center, Suarez has been here for quite a while and they have consistently good treats at a fair price.  The bakery storefront itself is nothing fancy - just cases of way too many varieties of cookies, cakes and pastries.  I also noticed some cupcakes - but I was there for a sugar filled crisp pastry and some cookies.  On my most recent visit, I got several different things so I could bring some treats back to the office with me.  I got my standard cream horn which is LARGE, flaky and filled with delicious cream filling and dusted with powdered sugar (which I choked on, as usual, because I was literally inhaling the goodness - I can hear my mother now yelling at me to SLOW DOWN).  I also got a chocolate chip cookie sandwich, filled with cream, which was a little on the crunchy, meh side - I didn't care for that and threw most of it out.  I also got some of the thumbprint cookies, which were buttery and delicious and reminded me of the cookies my grandmother (Nanny) used to keep in the cookie jar at her place that were such a treat to a much younger me. I purchased some other large cookies, which were promptly devoured by my group at the office.  I assume they were good, as all that was left after I ran from the chomping rush was an empty pastry box and a few stray crumbs.Every once in a while, I head over to Suarez for some sugary goodness and it always satisfies.
5	I cannot believe I have not reviewed this bakery gem, this little slice of Heaven, the sugary wonder, my sweet and reliable Suarez Bakery.  Cream Horns-- seriously, the flakiest pastry shell, sprinkled with powdered sugar and filled full of the lightest, fluffiest frosting-like fill.  Snickerdoodles-- cinnamon sugar yuminess on top of an elephant ear like cookie/pastry.  Elephant Ears-- a huge treat that is as large as a 5 year old's head (really).Sugar cookies-- all shapes and decorations, perfectly sweetened to be able to eat several without feeling ill!  --- They also make these to order--- perfect for school parties that require cookies for decorating and the mom who does not bake!Cupcakes-- all different flavors.  Delicious and lovely.Cakes-- Tizzerts.  Need I say more?  Just the best cake you can put in your mouth... Our wedding cake was Tizzerts, and have had several other special occasion cakes from Tiz.Thumb print cookies--  perfect for the little bit of sweet tooth, a small sugar cookie/ shortbread like cookie, topped with a smudge of frosting (this is my go-to treat).I do not have a sweet tooth like the rest of my family.  So my go-to is the thumb print cookie but, even without a sweet tooth, the temptations of all this goodness cannot be resisted.   We celebrate milestones and accomplishments and hard days and completed projects by occasionally popping into Suarez and picking out a delectable treat.  -- Seriously, the made to order cookies have saved me for years as a room mother who cannot bake--
4	Surprisingly good cupcakes!Location - surrounded by a post office, Ace Hardware store, Michaels, RiteAid, HarrisTeeter, and a nice garden place nearby.. Staff - friendly and busy! Upon stumbling into this establishment, I noticed quite a line fomed at the bakery.  It could only mean one thing, this place had to have good desserts.  Cupcakes - I ordered an assortement of  vanilla and strawberry cupcakes, and Suarez did not let me down.  They were delicious, moist, and heavenly.  I could do away with the immense frosting.. Price - decent, as any other cupcake places are.. I was thankful that they accepted credit cards.
4	Checked in for a pastry and found a smorgasbord of happiness... Settled on the Linzer Tort which was nothing short of ambrosial... That raspberry filling and the confectioner's sugar on top?  Insanity... I have to get back to try that cream puff looking situation... I forget the name, but the vision of it is still dancing in my head...
5	Oh. My. Gosh. Maple bacon bar... Somebody help me.Do you think they'll call the law if I just start sleeping outside this place to make sure I don't miss the newest sugary delight?  The maple bacon bar?  Let's see if I can accurately describe this... It's like a totally perfect mapley glazed doughnut wrapped around some sublime cinnamon filling, topped with the best enhancement known to man... Bacon.  This is culinary felicity...  Please do yourself a favor and be about it... Wait... I forgot to get the cream horn!  Looks like I have to go back again... lol
3	Nice red velvet cupcake with cream cheese icing, but all the cupcakes had too much icing - sugar and fat overdose!! The guava and cheese pastry wasn't great.
4	Fresh baked goods non-stop and they have one of my favorites....cannolis! Try anything....and it's so inexpensive!
4	I stopped in on Friday afternoon, they are still doing the remodeling so I had to fight my way through orange cones, fences and construction workers, but it was totally worth it!When I walked in I liked how you could see them creating the goodies on one side and a counter of yummy treats on the other side. This place must be a local favorite because it was super busy! Which is always a good sign. Well, being an avid cupcake lover... I knew that I had to try one! There was plenty of variety here; they had lemon drop, vanilla, chocolate and of course my favorite red velvet just to name a few. I tried the red velvet, and can I just say the "to-go"  presentation here was beautiful, they take your cupcake and carefully place it in a container with with paper all around like a buffer! That's right, no bags here!!!! Your cupcake and icing make it safely home intact! Awesome!!! The cupcake was so moist and the icing didn't overwhelm the cupcake. It was very, very good. There are several other things I want to try here...like these very famous cream horns...so I look forward to coming back!Just a side note, they only take credit cards for purchases over $5. So if you plan on spending less...bring cash!
4	Finally paid Suarez bakery a visit. I got the chocolate Mousse cake for me and my girlfriends. It was the best chocolate mousse cake i have ever had. Not too rich. Just perfectly sweet. Awesome.
1	We have been using Suarez for every family birthday cake and other bakery needs since it opened, but it has really gone down hill, mostly since they started sharing space with Tizzerts.  Customer service has gotten awful.  I am not sure if it is the lack of space or the snooty Tizzerts folks rubbing off but I have finally had enough.  For the first time since the early 90s we are going elsewhere.
5	I have been here many times over the years for various special occasions.  I have ordered specialty cakes and have been absolutely wowed by the detail!  One example was the Captain America cake I ordered for my son's birthday party last year.  Designed to look just like the shield, everyone in the store oohed and ahhed when I picked it up.  Not to mention how amazing and moist it was.  I had everyone asking where I got it.Fast forward to this past weekend when I ordered cakes and cupcakes and missed my pickup.  They completely went above and beyond in customer service to make sure my son had his cake and cupcakes for his special day.  I can't recommend this place highly enough and will never order cakes or cupcakes from anyone else ever again!
5	I think it may be one of the only places in Charlotte that make King cake. Ordered the traditional and the cream cheese. Both were GREAT. I personally love cream cheese, so i favored that one. The icing and festive sprinkles were the perfect amount and they even hid the baby in there for you. Loved it! The free baked good if you check in had me try their famous creamed filled horn. I'm sure that is not what it is called but it was something like that and it was really good. There is a glass window where you can see their team at work! It was great seeing them decorate the sweet treats. The only negative is that there is not a seating area to enjoy the baked goods, but I wasn't phased enough to knock any stars off of the bakery.
5	Love love love this place! Guava Pastelitos are delicious! Cakes are amazing too. Grab fresh Cuban bread on the weekends.
1	This bakery has horrible customer service and rude employees. They messed up my son's 9th birthday cake. I ordered it 2 1/2 weeks in advance. The person who took my order did not even give me a receipt for the $100 cake I was to purchase. I talked to the bakery a few days in advance of my cake pick up. They reassured me it would be ready when they opened Saturday morning. On my way to pick it up they called and asked if I could send a image of what I asked for on the cake. After a bunch of waiting on hold and run around they said they would try to get in touch with the person who placed the order. After unsuccessfully trying to contact her I was able to locate the image of the cake. I had took a picture of a cake with it she had on her phone. I emailed this to them and they said they would have it prepare shortly.. This delay caused me to miss the 1st qtr of my son's basketball game that morning. After his first game I went to pick the cake up. Instead of it being the image of mine craft I had ordered covering 3/4 of the cake it was just a comic strip size image. The cake looked very amateurish. After voicing my displeasure I was told in a sarcastic manner no manager was available to help me. I was spoke to several rude and unhelpful employees. I became very agitated and asked to call the owner. I was told I could email the email I forwarded the image to and hung up on. After calling back the Kitchen manager (That's what he said he was, even after I was told no manager was on duty) gave my # to the owner. No real effort or attempt was made to fix the cake. I do not recommend this bakery and would advise to get your cake made elsewhere.
1	My husband and I were in search of a bakery to make a cake for our sons 9th birthday, this place was recommended to us by a friend. We had everything all paid for about three weeks in advance so that the cake would be ready to pick up at 8:00am the morning of our sons party which was in the afternoon that day. That Saturday morning I received a phone call as I'm on the way to our sons double header basketball game that the image that was supposed to go on my sons cake somehow was misplaced or lost and that we needed to send them the image again. My husband went back and forth with the people who seemed to be pretty incompetent with the entire situation and not very helpful. Also they didn't seem all that concerned that they screwed up the day of our sons birthday! After thinking we had it all straightened out, my husband went to pick up the cake in between our sons basketball games. When he arrived, guess what? Cake wasn't what we asked for. The entire top of the cake was supposed to be the whole Minecraft edible image. Instead it was a tiny comic strip of the image in the middle of the cake. We are now only a few hours until our sons party and any solution that was offered was not helpful! They offered our money back, but to us it wasn't about the money, getting what we asked for was!  Then we were offered a cake delivery later that afternoon with the CORRECT cake, again, not helpful because the party was in a few hours. The staff was rude on the phone, rude in person, the owner had an attitude and wasn't very professional to deal with even after admitting fault! Not to mention that my husband missed the first half of our sons second basketball game dealing with this nonsense!!!You know, even after admitting they screwed up, they could've at least acted like they cared! But they didn't. When dealing with customers when you screw up, you need to have a little bit of compassion for crying out loud! So a little lesson was learned here. The saying we all know and use,  "You get what you pay for"  Well in this situation it wasn't the case. When I pay $100 for a birthday cake, I expect it to be ready when it's supposed to be, I expect it to be what I asked for and what was agreed upon. There should be no excuses from a so-called professional bakery. I do not recommend this place if you're used to getting great professional service from people with a smile.......
2	One word can describe their cupcakes- DRY! I ordered a couple of chocolate ganache, red velvet, vanilla, and salted caramel cupcakes and I had to return them after one bite. They were all dry!  The sales person was anything but thrilled to replace the dry, better yet, stale cupcakes. Even after replacing the cupcakes they were still the most dry cupcakes I have ever bought! Do yourself a favor and order from the Harris Teeter down the street. You will save some cash and actually purchase something edible.
5	Stopped in Suarez after another great lunch at flying biscuit. SO GOOD. Cupcakes were great, strawberry lemonade was perfect with the surprise strawberry filling inside. The cookies were great too. Can't beat a chocolate chip cookie. We had a snickerdoodle as well, I liked it my friend said it was on the edge of being too dry. Cannoli was decent too. Worth stopping by if you're in the area.
4	Great eclairs! Lots of filling and really fresh. Actually better than Amelie's. Definitely will try more products next time. The cake decorations were outstanding.
4	I'm not a big sweets person, and most cake/dessert is just horrifyingly sweet, but my friend ordered a cake from Suarez for her birthday (vanilla with a pink almond-y buttercream icing) and it was both gorgeous AND tasty. The buttercream icing was creamy designed Into gorgeous florettes, and not stiff or frosting-like (for me, a VERY good thing). The cake itself was moist, and the entire presentation was lovely. I'd definitely recommend Suarez in the future.
4	I've been meaning to stop by the Suarez Bakery for some time now but finally got around to it just recently! I went looking for donuts and pastries and was not disappointed in what I found. A lot to choose from. Fresh, tasty and reasonably priced! The donuts (chocolate covered and cream filled) were both fantastic. The chocolate wasn't as sweet as I like it but still really good. Now, the honey bun, that is the real deal! Wow, I could have eaten a few more of those!! I'll be back!
4	We walked in here yesterday after a late lunch/early dinner looking for something sweet and tasty. We were greeted with a smile and the lady that helped us was patient with us for not knowing what we wanted. We ended up ordering a red velvet cupcake and an eclair. Both were very fresh and had just the right amount of sweetness. Would go again for sure when we are in the area.
5	Yes!!!!! Finally a place in Charlotte that sells guava and cream cheese pastries, that aren't bland and/or barely filled with guava and cheese! You must try these pastries! Being a Miami native, I must say it has been hard to find a place that makes Cuban bread and pasteles like back home. This place has nailed it the closest! Fresh baked every Saturday and only $1.25 per pastry? Shall I add they are generous with the fillings too! They also have fresh baked Cuban bread on Saturday! I LOVE IT! Makes me feel as if I were back home!
5	Guava pastelitos -- the Cuban version of Danish pastry -- absolutely off the charts at Suarez!   Apple turnovers, cookies, pies and tres leches cake also very good.  Fresh-baked Cuban bread on Saturdays.A great choice for office treats, classy food gifts, or outsourcing your holiday host preparations.A funky mix of traditional baked goods, holiday treats, custom decorated cakes, and Miami Cuban-expat culture.  Owner Carlos has a great "coming to America" story ("Guns and Butter: The Story Behind Suarez Bakery".  It's worth a Google).
5	Not one of my usual places to go, but happened to see it a couple weeks ago and lucked out to be nearby again this past weekend. I decided to stop in to 'look' while my husband went to the bike shop. They were close to closing up but let me in anyway. Very nice, polite and helpful staff. I immediately started drooling over the cupcakes. Asked for recommendations since they all sounded delicious. The girl behind the counter suggested the Butterbeer cupcake as one of her new favorites, I love HP so that one was definitely on my list. Also suggested the Salted Caramel Macchiato over the Salted Caramel, since it had chocolate as well. I got both of them to try.Took them over to a friends house to split and boy were they yummy!! The cupcake itself was delicious, great texture too. The frosting was amazing, not super sweet with great flavor and very creamy. The Butterbeer was made with butterscotch (not a huge fan here) but was absolutely delicious.Can't wait to go back! Especially to try those guava pastelitos I keep reading about!
4	I specifically enjoy the neopolitans/rainbow cookies and the Pignolis (soft vs. brittle). I prefer taking mine to go b/c I find the sit down menu & larger desserts pricey.
5	I just want to thank the bakers here for an amazing cake for my daughter. It was her "Sweet 16" and I had about 15 minutes of free time to chat with them. Between email, stock photos and a quick stop in, on the way to the party (so no takesy backesy) they did a magnificent job. For under $50, we got a made from scratch, red velvet, 10 inch cake with "hombre" (lavender and teal) butter cream icing. Fresh, soft, and oh so good. Plus, the customer service there is top notch. They are also the tizzerts folks, so here's a small out to them too. I'll be getting some hand made Christmas cookies for Sarah's Friday Holiday party (along with some pizza).
