4	I'm slightly confused how this place has no reviews.  There's plenty of people during the weekdays and especially on weekends.  There is also no duplicate of this business like plenty of other establishments. I find it stupid how you have to decide between which one to write on when stupid people can't use their eyes on their face to notice that there's another yelp page for that business.  Anyways back to business shall we...This place has been raising it's prices which is a little annoying but they have to make their money somehow right? The nice thing about this place is that they are open 9-9 weekdays and Saturday and til 6 on Sundays. Which is convenient when you live somewhat close and don't feel like making any appointment elsewhere. I have yet to try any other place than this but am meaning to try others when I get free time at some point.  It's hit or miss with how they do your eyebrows and I was pleasantly surprised how good of a job the girl did them tonight. Thank you Jesus for cleaned up eyebrows!
3	Just moved here from California and I Am very particular about my eyebrows.   I came to the bar and both technicians were on their personal phone. Me and another customer bob walked up to the booth at the same time. One put their phone away, the other told me where to sit and continued her call for another few minutes.I was very worried because she didn't ask what kind of style I wanted or anything just started threading. I've been getting my eyebrows threaded for 14 years and this was the most painful thread I had.Wondering why I gave 3 stars with my review being negative so far. My brows look GREAT!  (Thank goodness she knew what she was doing and followed the original shape) Sometimes pain is beauty. Could've gotten more stars for a better experience because they do great work.
4	I'm glad I found this place -- they aren't the most organized, but once you get in the chair, it only takes about 10minutes to thread your eyebrows, and they did a great job. I signed in on their clipboard, but a woman who signed up after me ended up going before me because they weren't going down the list. Once an associate was done with someone, they just kinda looked around and ushered over the closest person standing next to them. So I made sure to stand very closely to one of the ladies so I would be next after she was done with her client.I was expecting to get my eyebrows waxed -- I'd never heard of eyebrow threading -- but I like this new method better! They run a thread over your skin, snipping all your eyebrow hair as it brushes along. Doesn't sound like it would work well, but the results were great. My eyebrows were nicely shaped and it didn't hurt as much as waxing does.
