4	I can't believe no one has reviewed this place before. This place is great!!! I was looking online for some fall things to do, pumpkin patches, etc, and Vertuccio Farms came up as being in the area I was going to be today. It is about 3 miles south of the 60 on Power Rd and about a half mile north of the 202/San Tan Freeway. Open until 6pm on Sundays, they just opened yesterday (10/1) for fall. It is $7 per person and children 4 and under are free. You can get a $1 discount for each non-perishable good donated or print out a coupon from their website. Additionally, you can pay $15 for a season pass. You are greeted by rows of pumpkins of various sizes as you walk in. The prices are comparable to Safeway but I would rather support local businesses. If I didn't think the heat would warp the pumpkins, I would have bought some today. There were several things to do here for adults and kids. There was a bounce house for kids and way larger one for kids and adults. Boy, that was fun! There was also one of those things that you swing the mallet down and try to hit the bell (separate ones for kids and adults). I laughed out the fake cow that the kids could "milk." There was a corn maze that we didn't go in since the girl warned me it takes 45 minutes to go through. Maybe next time on a cooler day. Other fun things we did were fake horse rides with inflatable horses, pedal go karts around a small track, and a free train ride around the grounds. Yes, the hubby and I squeezed ourselves in, too. In addition, there was a playground and many farm animals to see. There was also a farmer's market that closed at 4pm that we would have loved to check out. My suggestion would be to keep the hours consistent with the farm or, the farm could showcase some of the local goods from the farmers' market. That is one of the things I love about coming to places like that, to get a taste for all that is local. Other than that small thing, this was the best $7 per person, we have ever spent on a family outing!
3	Thanks to Groupon, we visited Vertuccio Farms to check out the corn maze. Two of us completed the maze in about 25 minutes without too much trouble. There were many paths, some of which appeared to be makeshift from previous visitors. It wasn't too difficult, but was still fun to venture through.This seems like this a good place for kids and there were tons all over the place. There are a few carnival-style games, a mini-train ride, mini-hay maze, moon bounce, animals, and pedal karts for entrainment.I recommend trying the kettle corn. It is made before your eyes and served hot and fresh right out of the fire and into your mouth. A giant bag is $5 and it is extremely tasty. It should make a good snack for at least a few days.The farm also has a nice selection of pumpkins, from very tiny, to small, to regular-sized ones. They are priced from about $1-10 and most have a healthy orange color. Remember to bring your own flashlight if you go at night and also be sure to have cash on hand, since credit cards are not accepted for most purchases.
4	This review is a little overdue (I went over two months ago) but that doesn't take away any of the fun my family and I had while we were there. We found Vertuccio Farms on Groupon and they were offering a great deal for the whole family we couldn't pass up. So one Saturday morning many weeks back we took a drive out to Gilbert to visit the farm. I think we went the last weekend that it was open for the season. The place was not very crowded, which I liked. It was however pretty muddy and wet because of the rain that had fallen before we came. The staff was trying to keep the mud under control with hay but it wasn't working out so well. But it wasn't so bad that we couldn't have a good time. The very first thing we did when we walked in was ride the barrel train around the farm. You get one ride included in your ticket price. This was pretty fun, though my motion sickness acted up (I am pretty sensitive about moving in things that don't use my legs). So we got to see all of the activities available without having to walk around. And we did pretty much all of the rest of the activities while we were there. There were bouncy horses, which I did not participate in but the rest of my family thought they were hysterical. Some pedal bikes, a large bouncy area for kids, a small playground, farm animal feedings. There is a thing they call a "pizza farm". From the website: "What is a Pizza Farm? The pizza farm is a one-half acre circular garden that is divided into eight pie shaped "slices" (like a pizza) and grows or grazes all the ingredients needed to make a farm fresh pizza! You will learn how farmers grow wheat for the crust, tomatoes for the sauce..dairy cows or goats that give milk to make cheese, pigs for pepperoni, and much more!" This was pretty fun. I always like to look at growing vegetables and herbs. There is even a large 10 acre corn maze that has a different design every year. We all had a pretty good time here and would come back again in the future. My three year old niece was pretty excited by everything here. So not only a good time for kids, it was fun for the four adults in our party as well.
5	Great, inexpensive, family FUN!!  Halloween is so much fun!  Corn maze, train, animals... the kids love it!  We've gone two years in a row and will be back!
4	I took my toddler to an event they had for little ones. For $5 for me to get in, it was worth it. I don't think it would have kept the attention of my older kids. I will definitely attend future toddler events.
5	Great place! Definitely worth going to!
5	I love coming to this farmers market hit it at least once a month. The couple that owns it knows all about their produce and best ways to prepare it and they are super friendly.  Love it when they have exotic fruits or vegetables to experiment with. And the biggest walden farms assortment I've come across (zero cal dressings, sauces, dips etc) And I love knowing I'm supporting all the local growers too. Cheaper than the grocery store for produce in most cases.
5	awsome little farmers market with everything from free range chicken to locally made cheese!! I got the sharp chedar!!
4	Had a great time searching for clues in the corn maze. Spent 2 hrs there and had a blast!!!
4	Had a fun day today here with my 3 year old daughter. She loved the extreme air pillow trampoline, barrel train ride, the animals and especially LOVED the corn maze! It was a nice morning out for us and we got some cute pumpkin pics for fall : )
4	Such a great place to take the kiddos! I've been to a few farms during the Fall season and this one is perfect for the little ones. I gave it four stars because there was way too many flies. I get that its a farm, but compared to the others that I have been to, this one tops the list for a FLY PARTY. They are everywhere! For that reason we chose not to eat there. But the size isn't too big or small and there is just the right amount of activities for the kids to enjoy. We will be back for sure.
5	A great time was had by all at their farmer's market and corn maze. I try to buy fresh produce whenever I can and what a better place to do it than on an actual working farm. The owner is so friendly and went out of his way to make sure we had what we needed. Since they are selling Christmas trees at this time of the year, they had leftover trimmed branches which he gave to me for free! I came home and made wreaths and centerpieces with them. I will definitely return here for the many family festivals they have going on here year around.
5	This place is amazing! Thanks again Vertuccio Farms for yet another fun year with our family! We came here after seeing it on the news a few years ago and have been coming back ever since. Every time we come they have more new activities, and our favorite is definitely the corn maze! They have great promos and giveaways on their facebook page too for deals! Tips if you're coming with family:--Definitely get the kettle corn--its amazing!--Bring a flashlight if you go to the cornmaze at night --If you bring a canned food to donate to charity you get $1 off admission--Go down the tube slide (even if youre an adult) you'll be surprised how much fun it is--Wear boots or comfy shoes you dont mind getting dirty...you'll be doing a lot of walking
5	Went here as a family on 10/6/14.  Liked the idea of a family run farm.  We had so much fun.  It's truly a bargain.  I don't understand what Gina J. and Hannah N. are talking about when they say the employees were rude because we found them to be extremely customer service oriented.   Yes, additional rides incur a fee but there's so much more to do than ride the same ride over and over again.  The slides were really fun and believe me they are very sturdy.  I'm a grandma and I got up on the  slides and giant air pillow with my daughters and grandson and we had a blast.   The barrel train ride was cute but once is enough.  My daughter and grandson had a great time on the pedal cars. Lot's of picture taking opportunities for the family around the farm.  As far as pumpkins being overpriced, I don't know how many pumpkin patches the previous reviewers have been to, but I thought the pricing was  very fair.  I bought three large pumpkins, three small pumpkins and two of the little ornamental pumpkins for $23.  The snacks and drinks were priced well also.  Coming from California it was a pleasant surprise to not have to spend so much!  Besides, I think it's important to support local farmers.  Vertuccio Farms isn't a pumpkin patch, just so you know.  It's a working farm with lots of fun games, rides and activities for the family.  We all enjoyed it very much.  The only thing that would've been nice is if there would have been an attendant in the corn maze to assist those directionally challenged people such as us! One thing notable is that they give discounts to active military.
5	Our extended family went last night ages 1 to 70 everyone had a great time.  The only regret is not having more time.  The kids loved the slide, the bounce pad and the train. The adults loved the maze and the slide. Well worth the price.  We love supporting local family owed places. Keep up the good work! We will be back.
4	Love this farm!  Found it last spring break when my neighbors kids invited mine to farm camp. We were new to Arizona and wanted to visit a real working farm. What a cute little place! The owner is so funny and nice. Really good with the kids.  We went last weekend to the Fall festival for first time and it was a great time. They have this huge big bouncing blob that the kids loved jumping on. Even my husband Mike got on! Big tube slides are SO fun! Well worth the $9 price since we got to do everything with out having to buy extra tickets like at the fair. Bring a flashlight if you go in the maze at night. Not lit up. They do sell glow sticks up front though...  Pumpkins reasonably priced. Not in a patch. All displayed on hay bales on your way out. Can't wait to try their Easter event next. Heard it is good time!
4	We went to this farm for our pumpkin patch excursion. It was so much fun and there was a lot of activities. My only complaint is that I thought it was a legit petting zoo where you could actually get close to the animals.
2	Way overpriced!  I've gone in previous years and it was not this expensive.  I went here with 10 family members thinking we'd have a great time.  Only 2 out of the 10 people were kids and 2 people in our group are in their late 80's.  It was $9 a person just to get in and the only activities are for young kids (minus the corn maze).  My grandparents only wanted to come in and sit and watch my 2 kids have fun.  To do that they had to pay $9, to sit.  I asked if they had senior discounts and it was a firm no.  I understand the need to charge for all the activities for the kids, but there should be a discount for seniors.  And $9 is steep in my opinion.  We decided we would at least get pumpkins but the pumpkins were overpriced and not in good shape.  Very sad, next year we'll go to Mother Nature's on Baseline.  It's only $2 to get in there.  You won't break the bank and can still have fun.
5	My favorite place to get a tree in the AZ.  The same family is here every year, they always remember us.  I look forward to this experience every year.  They have hot chocolate for the kids.  This year they gave out seedlings from Oregon where our tree grew up.  If you can't go cut your own this is a great heart warming option!  Thanks for the experience!  Merry Christmas from The Grizwalds
5	I love this place in the fall! Each year they add activities & rides without adding to their admission price. My 10 & 11 year still love going year after year. They have plenty of places for photos & have a separate area for their pumpkins.
1	I'm afraid I have to agree with the other reviewers who cited the employees being rude.  The kids had a blast and the two adults enjoyed watching the kids, ages 2 and 4, have fun. But we were snapped at for not getting on the last ride fast enough, in fact I was barely seated when he practically peeled away with the train hauling about ten cars full of adults and kids and where the other rides had been leisurely and enjoyable, he zoomed us through the route so fast our hair was blowing back and we were back at the starting point about 2 minutes after we left even though we went around the whole park.The worst part was when we left at six we went out to our car, which was one of only two in that section of the parking lot.  We got the kids strapped in, which was no easy task because the two year old was screaming and crying because she knew getting in the carseat meant we were leaving and she didn't want to leave. My daughter gave them a bottle of water which they then started fighting over. Amidst all the screaming I was on my phone Yelping a close kid-friendly restaurant or fast food place to take them to eat because we didn't have time to eat at the park without it cutting into our riding and playing time. Suddenly I heard a knock on the window and an older man asked if everything was okay and let us know they could hear the screaming all the way over to the exit area, which wasn't that far away. In a friendly way I assured him everything was fine but they were just crying because they were tired from the long and enjoyable afternoon. He looked at us like he didn't believe us and he kept looking in the back seat at the children, who had stopped crying at this point because they were interested in who was talking to us. He asked if they needed water and we told him we had just given them some . He asked again so I thanked him and said that would be fine and that we appreciated it (even though we didn't really need it, just to make him happy). He then told me that he had written down the license plate on the car and not to leave, implying that he was going to call the police and report us if we left, just because we had a crying 2 year old throwing a tantrum because she didn't want to leave the park! I tried to keep things friendly and we sat there waiting for him to come back and he again kept asking us if everything was okay. Both children were in the backseat strapped into legal carseats, no one was reaching back and beating them or torturing them, the AC was on. I can't believe in a park that caters to children that they have never seen a meltdown before. I don't particularly think it was very good PR for them to threaten to report a customer just because they had a crying toddler. That turned an otherwise enjoyable afternoon into a rather nasty aftertaste. At best he could have handled it more tactfully.  Do I recommend this place to others?  Only if you have children that don't cry I guess.
