2	I'm just not that impressed. The menu isn't that great.  The prices are higher than they should be for what you get.  They atmosphere is fun in a "this was designed to look like every other fun location" kind of way - but completely lacks it's sincerity.  I've gone twice with someone who LOVES seafood, and her favorite restaurant is Red Lobster (Ultimate Feast every time...).  Even she wasn't impressed.  It didn't do anything for her.  She said it appeared that the crab legs had been previously frozen and then re-heated too quickly (she thought maybe microwave).  I don't cook, but she does more than regularly so I'm going to trust her on that one.  We wanted to like it so we tried once more in case it was a bad night for both them and us and decided that really, this just wasn't it for us.  Their "Free Crab Tomorrow" sign always makes me smile, but at least now I know to laugh at the joke and just keep on driving.
2	I worked in the plaza where this Joe's Crab Shack is located for a year and a half, and never visited there once. The "Free Crab Tomorrow" sign brought a smile to my face too whenever I'd see it, but the word of mouth from people I worked with was that the food was mediocre. And they were right. Today was my friend's birthday and she was looking for some seafood in the area since we were taking a lunch break. Pete's Fish and Chips was thrown around as an option, but she decided on Joe's Crab Shack. Seeing how it's her day for a super happy birthday extravaganza of fun, I conceded. And all I have to report on the experience is coupled with a shrug and an, "Eh."If you like the corporate atmosphere of TGI Fridays or Bennigan's or any of those other places where they put shit on the walls, you'll probably enjoy Joe's Crab Shack. You'll be prepared for the pitfalls as well. It's overpriced and under-seasoned. It's dried out when fried up. It's unoriginal and bland. But if you douse everything with malt vinegar and tartar sauce, I contend that even cardboard would go down smooth.I've been here several times on others' bill, and have left with the same lackluster impression and a belly full of grease. I've had the combos, fried and grilled, the crab sandwich, the fish and chips and the crab dip, and I really can't even rank them in order of best to worst because nothing stands out as stellar or atrocious. It's all just...there.Plus their margaritas are weak. Eh.
1	How do restaurants like Joe's Crab Shack thrive?  Let me tell you a little story.  It might sound like I'm complaining about my (future) in-laws, but I'm not.  I promise.My fiance's parents love the Crab Shack.  Every year, we all spend a week in Coronado, California for a much-needed escape from the desert.  Every year, we find ourselves driving across the bridge into San Diego in search of a crappy seafood dinner courtesy of Joe and his under-motivated teenage staff.  Every year, my meal both amazes and disappoints me.  How awful is a restaurant when it just keeps getting worse?  I am totally certain that the kitchen contains nothing but enormous bags of frozen seafood and deep-fryers the size of swimming pools.One time, we had a waiter that kept calling all the men "bro."  I am not your bro.  I am paying for and eating food that would get even a Red Lobster cook fired and, as such, am entitled to no less than five-star treatment.If there is anything positive to say, it is that the bibs they hand out to people eating crab are HILARIOUS.  I've got the pictures to prove it.I'll visit the Shack once per year out of obligation.  I'll even be (sort of) happy to do it, considering those close to me seem to love it and I'm not going to rain on their parade.  You will never ever ever ever ever ever find me at one in Arizona, however.  Ever!
2	Save your time and money, unless  you are going for the appetizers and drinks.The appetizers we had were really good, but our main course was sub-par and nothing spectacular. How do you screw up fish and chips? They managed and served the most mediocre crab cake I have ever had.Unfortunately, this place is nothing special, mediocre at best.
2	We went here when there was construction and they had a good happy hour.  I returned today and everything was horrible.  The Fat Tire tasted like Budweiser and there were no specials for food during happy hour.   Fat Tire needs mixed gas not CO2.  I told this to the bar tender but he didn't care.  The food is just average, but you can buy a t-shirt with some STD innuendo.
1	This is not anything like the Joes Crab Shack you'll find in Anahiem, California. Read on...After about 30 minutes waiting to get seated (in a nearly empty facility) and get menus our group of 6 were greeted by a half awake Joe's Crab Shack employee. She forgot my drink because she "Didn't write it down." After the staff danced around to "Car Wash" like they were zombies our waitress took our order. I ordered the Steak and Shrimp a 17 dollar meal. Steak well done. After a total of 1 hour walking into the restaurant I get my meal. The steak was dry and tasteless. I concede that well done to some restaurant means cooked beyond belief, but usually the staff can give you heads up on stuff like that. This was not the case.So with a bad dry taste in my mouth I say, don't go to this Joe's Crab Shack. You'll be better off going to the Claim Jumper next door.
2	Damn some of the gift cards I get as a teacher. I feel obligated to use them, even if I'd really rather not. The $30 I just got for Joe's Crab Shack was such a dilemma. So Hubby and I went yesterday since we would be in the area anyway. Our expectations were pretty low, so some elements of the meal actually met or even exceeded those expectations.We had the seafood fondue appetizer, which was OK, but complete garbage compared to Pappadeaux's. Hubby had the shrimp po-boy which came in a traditional presentation but with fried shrimp that he described as one step above cocktail shrimp. I myself would not have taken it so far, and out of pity, I gave him a bunch of superior shrimp from my platter. I had a reasonably decent mix of coconut, Parmesan panko, and seasoned fried shrimp. I also made the wise choice of asking for a sub of onion rings instead of fries. Hubby's fries were inedible, as if they had been triple fried. Hard as a rock. My onion rings were thin and mostly crispy. At least they tasted fresh. When the bill came, we were rather shocked. It was pretty pricey at over $40 for lunch. Frankly, I wasn't all that thrilled about spending nearly $20 (with tip) after my gift card was applied. When you consider that we would have gotten a far superior meal at Pete's Fish and Chips for about $12, Joe's is a sad place- no wonder they were practically empty.UPDATE: I just returned from a wedding where I happened to run into a former student who works at the Joe's at Arizona Mills Mall. She said her store has been rated the best in the Southwest, whereas this Southern & McClintock store is just not very good.
3	We stopped by for lunch on Sunday. The parking lot was packed with an old car show that benefited cancer research. We sat on the patio where the people watching and music was good. First off the server(Ashley) was great. We had the Seafood Fun-Do. It tasted better then it looked. We had really good long island iced teas (made with tea not coke, ask for it that way) which enhanced the whole experience. Then we split the original steam pot. Everything in it was good with the exception of the shrimp. They were not cleaned. I just don't like cleaning my shrimp at the table or biting into shrimp poo. The bibs were very handy in saving a trip to the dry cleaners. The food is messy and unpretentious. The napkins are a roll of brown paper towels. The atmosphere was good with the car show going on. I don't know how often I would come here but it was nice to sit outside and chow on some seafood.
1	Yikes.. I should have checked the Yelp before going here for my FIRST EVER CRAB LEGS EXPERIENCE. Is this place specifically designed to annoy? As we sat there eating very mediocre crab (it's not supposed to taste really fishy right?), the volume of the music doubled and all of the employees line danced to "COTTON EYED JOE" by Rednex which is possibly the most annoying song of all time. This lasted roughly two minutes and was followed by a Smashmouth song. To add to the annoyance factor, there are multicolored Christmas lights strewn throughout the restaurant and the staff wears tie-dye shirts. Thinking about it is giving me a headache. Would maybe go back as a joke. The hush puppies were good.
3	We sampled four appetizers, one bowl of soup and two entrees at Joe's Crab Shack. Our bill, excluding beverages, tax and tip, came to about $62. Not bad!Pros -   Reasonable prices, Kid friendlyCons -      * Food is nothing to write home about * Not vegetarian friendly * Gift shop on premisesDescription    * There's a quite large playground in front of the restaurant, and a small arcade on the inside.    * Joe's Crab Shack has a gift shop in the front of the restaurant.    * The decor is comprised of wall-to-wall, ceiling-to-floor knick knacks, watchamacallits, and doodads.    * I hear that in the evenings the music and the servers add to the campy ambience. Not so at lunch.    * Pretty extensive kids menu.    * If you go to Joe's Crab Shack and you don't have a coupon, your AAA card will get you a discount.
3	Joe's crab shack is the place you go for warm, some times fake, family friendly atmosphere . I my self have celebrated two of my own birthdays in the confines of this eatery. I particularly enjoy the joe's steam pots. A little pricey in my mind as none are under 20 dollars. Their good though considering that the seafood your eating had to take 10 hour truck ride to get on to your plate in the middle of a desert. With titles that involves words like "Cajun", "long Islander" and "Orleans"  Joe's try's to sell culture to the urban sprawled and culture deprived suburbanites of the west. I Praise Joe's for their cleverness but it seems all to tacky eating the mussel and clam filled "Long Islander" while staring into a all to similar sea of brown housing tracts. The Steam Pots Besides their irony are simple consisting of the seafood that comes with the variation of the pot you chose, potatoes, sausage and generous amounts of melted butter. People Dog on Joe's steam pots for their lack of authenticity and that they have had better when their Grandma made home cooked crab when they where kids growing up in the boondocks of redneckville, Maine. Well i say unless you wanna back to grandmas house in redneckville I suggest you go to Joe's and relish their transplanted steam pots. Joe's is like many restaurant chains who try to inject culture to many culture less neighborhoods, sure the atmosphere is fake, the staff even faker , the food and the steam pots are just above mediocre but what more can you ask for your in the freakin desert!
1	Used to be one of my fave spots to enjoy, after yesterday, we won't be back.  The host quickly went over the "NEW" menu with us, and recommended the Salmon Orleans.  So i  ordered it, asking for the salmon to be cooked medium, quickly told "NO, it's against kitchen policy". So, now disappointed, i just order only a bowl of Clam Chowder for my meal.  The bowl has decreased by at least 1/2 in the size that it used to be (this was supposed to be my MEAL, i didn't order a cup), and the potatoes were raw and crunchy.  As i'm picking them out of my bowl, the manager came up to us (fairly late into our meal) and apologized about not being able to prepare the salmon as ordered.  Then she goes to explain that they can't cook it less than well done because it's FROZEN and packaged.  Really? Isn't this a seafood restaurant?  I then told her that the potatoes are raw.  The manager then offered to cook me "another bag of clam chowder".  I just looked up in disgust, now.  The clam chowder, which had always been one of the yummiest dishes there, is PREPACKAGED?   If i wanted frozen fish and prepacked chowder, i could have saved money and gotten similar quality at Long John Silvers.  My husband got the Grilled Malibu Shrimp.  Average to say the least, surrounded with dry, mushy, over cooked (was frozen) broccoli.  The best thing that we were served was the Applesauce cup that my son got as a side for his Popcorn shrimp.The service wasn't too great either.  It was about noon when we got there, and a total of 4 small tables.  So, there isn't much of an argument as to why we had empty tea glasses most of the time we were there.The manager did end up taking care of our meal, but knowing what i do now, we just will not ever be back.  Good going corporate Joe's.
5	This place is so great. The Food is fantastic, the service is Wonderful, this is my favorite place to go for CRAB CRAB CRAB. I recomend the King with boiled garlic seasoning. Also the seasonal crab is always a good call, try the Snow fire grilled for a treat ;-D
1	The wife and I went last night to this restaurant and to our amazement were seated immediately (never a good sign.) We immediately noticed how HOT the place was and we asked the waitress about it. She told us and I quote: "We can't lower the A/C to anything below 79 or it freezes up." Well let me tell you it was every bit of at least 95 degrees in there. After a few tentative looks from the wife we decided to get up and go to the OTHER Joe's on Baseline. It was much much cooler there and we had a great time. We love the crab pots and the salmon sunrise. We hate the heat and won't be coming back to the location on Southern unless they fix the A/C.
5	Yummmmmmm
4	I have been to his place twice thus far and excited to go back! Seated quickly, good food,  and nice atmosphere for the family. I also got to have my picture put on website,  totally think that this place was friendly and had good customer service! keep Rockin on Joe's Crabshack!
2	You know you are in for trouble when your nose is immediately hit with a whiff of overpowering fishiness when you first set foot into a restaurant.  Nevertheless, we still decided to eat here, and like many have said before, for the price you pay, the quality is lackluster.  Service was equally as lackluster, despite us being only 1 of 2 tables having dinner that night.  I'd probably steer clear of this restaurant, at least for this location.
4	We have been to Joe's several times and have never been disappointed.  The food is very good ~ the steamer pots offer lots of good food, cooked perfectly healthly.  Each time we have had very nice, friendly and efficient waitresses.We like Joe's ~ it's a little pricey ~ but the portions are huge.Blessings : ) KC
5	Love the meals they Are the best sea food in the Arizona area
2	Downhill is the key word - I don't know what happened to this particular location but I am shocked they stay open. The crab cakes are abysmal and just about everything else is at best mediocre. Spare yourself and go elsewhere.
3	[2.5 rounded up to 3 at best]My increasingly rare visits here just further add to my disappointment.  I find myself here with family or friends who are still convinced they have to stop in here while in the Valley.  I have no issue with the environment or the service. What I do have an issue with is the food quality.  Unless you like your seafood fried or are just here for some apps and drinks, there are better places in the Valley for seafood for the price.  Although, I wouldn't get the occasional employee flash mob dance routine.  My last trip here I ordered one of their steamer pots with the seafood, corn on the cob, potatos and a sausage.  The pot I chose had crab and shrimp. The crab was meh and the steamed shrimp were super over cooked.  I could do better at the frozen food section at the local grocery. Next time I am invited to join folks here I may just pass on the invite.
5	Love it! Always great food and great service.
4	First time here. My wife and I were in the mood for crab legs. The place was 2/3 full. We were seated immediately, and greeted within 3 minutes. The server was very helpful making suggestions, and really knew the menu inside and out!  We went for 2 of their crab daddy feast, and some alcoholic beverages. The food was hot and tasty and served in a timely manner. The server took a pic for us in our bibs LOL!  A bit overpriced for the food, but the ambiance and service made it worth it!  4 stars. We will be back!
4	We love Joe's Crab Shack.  We make the trip down from Scottsdale at least twice a month to enjoy Joe's wonderful Steam Pots.  A family favorite is the Lobster Daddy Steam Pot.  Even our 4 year old son loves Joe's.  Always a happy, family friendly environment.
5	I love this place! Staff is nice, place is neat, and food is great!! I love their great balls of fire app. But their bucket of snow crab legs with the garlic herb seasoning is to die for!!
4	i must have low standards compared to the other reviews for joe's.  i ordered a caesar salad and thought it was just okay.  i'm a fan of the king crab bucket with joe's bbq seasoning and 3 small potatoes and 1 large corn.  not that it was enough food but i asked for a sausage too.  i can't have a bucket without sausage.  i was pleased with my main course.  jerrod was our server and i thought he was good especially when he ran out to the parking lot to catch us because we forgot our to go box.  the karaoke singing was something i would avoid next time but would return.
5	Hubby and I go there probably twice a month.We live in El Mirage so it's quite a drive. But today he took me and our 2 adult daughters there for my birthday.  The food is always great, as is the service. Today however my king crab (which I get every time)  was a little salty so I sent it back. The manager ( Grace ) came to apologize and proceeded to completely shock us w/ some excellent customer service skills. I did'nt think management like this existed anymore. We will definitely be going again and again. It's really nice to know that the place you patronize appreciates your business. Marriah, was our servers name and she was also very nice. By the way , neither of them knew it was my birthday which made what they did even nicer. Will definitely keep going there and would also recommend.
3	So this is chain. I may have set my expectations a bit high. I get that. But bibs? Where you've written things on them I can't read? Not cool folks, not cool. The crab was excellent, but at 30 bucks for four big legs, it seems rather steep. Perhaps I'm still an undergraduate at heart when it comes to my checkbook. Plus, yes I know we're in the middle of the desert, but come now folks - it can't cost that much. Over all I give you 3 stars. Because in the desert I have yet to find better seafood, however I think I just need to take more trips places where seafood is more prevalent.
1	So disappointed! Paid about $25 for tasteless Dungeness crab legs. Even the butter was tasteless. Just awful! ... And the karaoke sucked as well. Who has karaoke at 5pm?
1	We have been regular customers here for several years and have always gotten the steampot for 2.  The last time we were here we noticed that the food content had been cut in half...but the price has remained the same.  We won't be coming back.
3	Pretty good food, farily okay service. Very expensive buckets, jesus. I can understand -- we're hundreds of miles away from an ocean -- but still! Incredibly overpriced. The bib this was a pretty good idea, since there's no nice way to really eat crab. As someone with arachnophobia, the crab legs gave me the heeby jeebies. That aside, the service was meh, the food was meh, and the price was crazy.
5	Never had better crab! And I come from California! Recommend this place to everyone!!!
4	I enjoyed this restaurant.  Good atmosphere, service and food.  The tables were a bit too close together for my tastes.  Also, it was slightly pricey.  A good experience overall, and I will be going back.
2	Marg was good, sandwich was okay, service was alright but OMG the kitchen is  S.  L.  O.  W...Really now, more than 45  minites to wait.  Shame.  After looking at our watches and determining the time my husband arrived and when the order actually had been taken it was closer to an hour.One last thing that sticks out is the patio umbrella situation.  Four tables, at least three umbrella stands, but only two umbrellas.  I had asked if we could get an umbrella for our table since we had been there more than an hour before our food arrived and it was noticeably HOT.  Being in uncomfortable conditions doesn't make for happy campers.  And waiting an unreasonable amount of time for the food doesn't help.  Would have spoke highly of server had she jumped on bringing an umbrella over from a recently cleared table but that didn't happen, no, we got up and got that cement base holder and rolled it over and pulled the umbrella and got that set up.And did ANY of the staff offer to lend a hand?!Hmpf.  Yeah, right.Fix your patio too cuz it sounds like a few of those boards are gonna break.  They're definitely a hazard to walk on even if they don't break.
4	Great, fun atmosphere, and good food! What more could you ask for?!
4	This is the 3rd time I've been to this location and the food & service is always top notch.  We went for Valentine's Day earlier this year and they rocked our socks off.  This time I was on vacation and the wife 7 I decided to have lunch at Joe's and we couldn't be happier.  We went around 1 PM. and we got seated right away and our server Tara was awesome.  She recommended a Pina Colada drink served in a whole, cored out frosted pineapple.  This drink was the bomb and if you love Pina Coladas you need to order this.  We started out with a sampler appetizer and a bowl of clam chowder.  I then ordered a Arctic Steam pot and my wife ordered the East Coast Fish platter.  No matter what time of day you come, there food is always fresh and tasty.  I love crab legs and I can't find a better place in town to enjoy crab legs that aren't hard to break or the shells being soft from over cooking.  I love this location so much.  Keep up the good work Joe's!
1	Took 15 minutes for hush puppies and 50 minutes for food.  Place not even busy. Went to the one by Mills and food came out 15 mins. And manager brought the food out like he did something. ... No silverware also.
1	Worst restaurant experience I have ever had. The waitress was absolutely terrible. After not being able to answer any of the questions about her menu, I got tired of waiting for a refill, so I walked to the server station, and asked another server to get more water. Then wanting to pay for my bland shrimp order and leave this dump took absolutely forever. Definitely go somewhere else to waste money on crappy service and food.
4	The staff was really friendly. The atmosphere was really fun. The buckets were good but I was a bit disappointed when I cracked open all those crabs and got barely any meat.  But then again, when I did get some, it was delicious =)
1	wow..where to begin...I guess it's really my fault for thinking a chain could do shrimp and grits but the photo looked so good...sucker. When the food finally arrived it was in a cast iron pan and was luke warm..the biscuit was a hockey puck, the shrimp wassuper gritty...gross.The grits had a weird texture, more like over processed polenta. I thought I could just eat the grits on the second round, they were hot but terrible, I tried hot sauce...that didn't work, it was suppose to have sausage which was exactly 2 small pieces that I had to look for and tasted like processed hot dog. So I paid for the service, left hungry and went somewhere else...how sad never again Joe.
2	Used to be good back around...1999-2000 or so. I had great memories and used to love the food there. However, more recently a bf who had heard me make good comments about the food, took me there and the food was not good at all. It was edible, but there was more of a "fishy" not fresh taste this time. I know not to expect most seafood in AZ to be as fresh as if we were on the beach, but it used to be great. They no longer had some of the menu items they used to. It just wasn't impressive and certainly didn't live up to the memories I had.Good news is I no longer crave it and have to travel across town and spend the money to go there. :)
1	Went inside with my boyfriend around 10pm on a Thursday and it was a ghost town. Sat ourselves at the bar and waited five minutes. Saw two servers walk into the bathroom but no one greeted us and no bartender appeared, nobody came to talk to us! Left and went somewhere else! RED FLAG.
4	I have always liked Joe's Crab Shack. They have a great happy hour from 4-7pm half off all appetizers and great drink specials.
3	OK so this place lost stars for a couple of reasons.First off, both my husband and I ordered the same thing, Fish and Chips. My husband's fish was great, however mine was slightly burnt and just down right gross. This is because they fried my fish with old grease which made it dark brown and burnt. The coleslaw is really watery which makes it difficult to eat. We also ordered an appetizer, the bucket of shrimp which was awesome and the seasoning was to die for. Judy the server was superb and we were even greeted by the manager and served by him personally. When I informed them about my food they gave me two gift cards for free appetizers for my next visit which was great. The service was 5 stars but I had to deduct 2 points for inconsistency of meal quality. I would come back but only if they get their cooks to use fresher ingredients.
2	Disappointed. The battered clam strips were great. The snow crab was pretty good. The king crab was pretty bad (it's maybe my favorite food but this was poor enough I didn't even finish it.). The lobster was small and over cooked. Didn't finish it either. The kid at the bar that served me was great.
2	I love this place but wow. Service couldn't be more disorganized. I was told two hr wait for table. Took 50 min. Then I get table and nearly 40 min later no food still. Manager looks lost. It's freezing on here. Turn the ac off please. Bar tried to charge me for things I didn't order. Tables are sitting empty and unclean with people waiting in line to sit. ?  No direction. A rudderless ship. Hope the food makes the last 90 min of sitting and waiting worth itHmmmmmmmm wait wait wait.
1	I grew up and spent most of my life in tempe, and have passed by this location many times always thought about going in. My first time, was horrible. It was a tuesday and really slow. We sat outside. Our server took for ever to bring us our drinks and completely forgot my beer. I cancelled my beer and figured id just order it from the bartender. When I go to the bar, no one is bartending (hmmm wondrer if thats why drinks took forever). Find out my outside server is actually the bartender! Shes supposed to handle the drinks for the entire restaurant and take on outside tables? Just horrible, when we ordered our food, we waited 45 minutes before we decided to jist cancel the order. Management looked confused and did nothing to help besides offering to comp our food. I don't want free food, I just want food. Worst experience ive hlever had, and will not ever be giving Joe's crab shack another try. How has the place been there so long?
5	Today we stopped in for a few drinks after being here last week and being surprised at how great the happy hour is at this location.  If you sit at the bar and get Cynthia count yourself lucky!  Great service. Drinks are priced right and the food comes out quickly.  Ive seen the bad reviews but I just dont get that. 2 times in 2 weeks and I am a happy camper at this hapoy hour.
3	Used to go to this Joe's location somewhat regularly back in 2005-2008 until we relocated. Long story short, we moved back home in August. Once we got back and settled, we made a point to return to our old hangout. Needless to say, while the outside remained the same, much else has changed. Inside is completely different and menu wise it is substantially different. Mainly,  prices have hiked to a level where Joe's has become a "once in a blue moon" visit instead of a regularly visited establishment like it used to be. The service was very good however, although I wish out server would have had exact prices of the menu items. We were told the shark bite drink for two was $9; once we got it and began drinking it, we were informed it actually was $15. $6 may seem like no big deal, but it certainly would have made a difference on whether we chose to buy it or not. When we have drank out of it, we can't exactly say "oops, no thanks."Other than this, Joe's is a nice little establishment. The manager Scott seems to genuinely care about you having a good experience, the food was good as always, everyone was extremely nice and my kids enjoyed themselves. No complaints otherwise than the ones listed above. Price is a bit steep and the staff should be a little more aware of pricing.
2	I suffered minor food poisoning eating here.  It was a Saturday night and I ordered King Crab Legs and a Sangria.  The crab legs itself was old.  It tasted old, but did not have any strange smells so I figured it was okay.  I figured this is Arizona, I can't get fresh seafood here so I settled for mediocre tasting food.  That was fine because from reading the reviews, I didn't expect much.  What I didn't expect was that the food was beyond bad.  I stomach turned right after I finished my last bite.  Usually this is a sign the food is pretty bad.  I had indigestion for the next few hours.  Minor problems, I figured.  I woke up feeling pretty awful.  I took some natural and prescription antibiotics in the afternoon and only then did I start to feel better.  The service was very good.  Bartender and staff were very friendly.  I've been a fan of Joe's Crab Shack from back in Dallas and Fort Lauderdale.  Those locations were always packed to the bone on a weekend night.  I had greatly enjoyed the seafood there and have never gotten sick eating there before.  This particular location is different.  Crab was totally off and the place looked rather vacant for a Saturday night from 9:00 PM - 10:00 PM.  Maybe the other customers learned their lesson already?   Not worth risking my health here again.I gave this two stars because at Joe's, at least the staff is positive and friendly.  You can count on that.
2	I wasn't impressed not even the slightest, I am from Boston so I am spoiled when it comes to fresh amazing seafood spots. The clams where the size of peas which is what ruined it for me the most. The clam strips where nothing more that a batch of fried batter. I know moving out to the desert I would be giving up my love for seafood on a regular basis, and only being able to indulge when I visit home. I figured i would at least give it a try,but It will probably be the one an only time I ever disappoint myself like this again.  P.S stop adding New England names to to your menu items because its not even comparable to the greatness of back home recipes.
5	In my opinion you go to a crab shack, and you get crab!  And the crab there is excellent, get the QUEEN CRAB IN RAJUN CAJUN, you wont be disappointed However if  you're that one person whose dragged along for the ride there are of plenty of non-seafood items on the menu that are just as good.  Servers are very friendly and knowledgeable, just ask them their suggestions they are more than happy to explain things to you.  Weekdays are great for Joe's, they have happy hour specials at the bar, and no wait time.  The weekends may be a different story, obviously more people go out on the weekends and it can get pretty busy, so waiting longer should be expected, just be patient and have a good timeI give this place 5 stars because service bends over backwards to make you happy, and if your food doesn't come out right or burnt they usually replace and give you something else or extras.
3	Service was ok. Food was ok. Didn't impress me. Didn't seem fresh. Flavors seemed to be boiled out of it, and then covered with seasoning. I think it would retained the flavor better if it was steamed. Just my opinion.
3	The service was good but unfortunately the food really upset my stomach (the crab). This was not my first time here and I've never had an issue before but this time around it's bad.  Not only that but when I asked for a beer it took 20 minutes for the bar to say they were all out. So when I asked for another beer it was an additional 10 for them to tell me they were out of that too. Finally I settled for what was in special.  The waitress was really nice hence the 3 stars but after these bubble guts I don't think I'll be back.
2	Service has been a wee bit slow. Bad luck is table/waitress. Hope the food is better.
3	The food is very good, however the service is rather slow. They brought us a drink to share and it was too sweet. We waited 10 minutes to trade it in for 2 beers. Wish they'd be a little more attentive.....
5	Came for first time this Joe s crab Shack and my experience was beyond amazing. From the moment we entered the door till we left the staff made us feel special. Our server Reem went above and beyond so we can have amazing experience at Joe s crab shack. As far as food and drink goes it was really good. Thank you everyone for making our experience great. I can't wait to come back!!!!
4	I've been to this place 2 times so far (One time on Baseline) and the first time I went was pretty mediocre, not horrible like quite a few reviews at the time.My friend had a gift card here he got so we decided to hit one up again.  We got there pretty early and got greeted instantly and got seated immediately because it was pretty dead there.  They let us pick our seat and the waitress asked us if we needed help with anything with the menu (Brother's first time there).  They introduced the new menu they just added including the Loaded Crab Fries which looked and sounded most excellent.So what did I get? Of course I got the fries.  I was skeptical at first on it, not because of what was in it, but I thought it was gonna be too small ($10.49 if I remember).  When the waitress came out with the food.  I seen their plates first.. then mine came out.  "Wow!" thats all I could say when I seen mine.First bite, there was a surprisingly good amount of flavor and the pico they had was amazing.  I honestly didn't expect it to be that good and the price was so reasonable.The manager came out and asked if everything was alright too.  Really good customer service over all.  The food... Well my food was great, dont know about the others.  I really hope they keep those fries on there though.  Only negative I have (haven't had horrible food there yet) is the prices on some things.  I know it's seafood and that's pretty exotic out in Arizona, but it's also not a steakhouse either
5	The wait was not long to get a table,  our server Morgan was great, friendly and attentive. The food was amazing. We always get the steam pots, we tried the bucket of shrimp, which was great. A few new menu items, next time we will be more adventurous and try something new. My go to is always the Rajun Cajun, and have never been disappointed. The staff is all great and interactive. The GM Steve has always stopped by our table to check on our experience. I go to both locations, but this one is my favorite. It is always a very welcoming experience.
1	I drove to Joe's after seeing the "Southern Fried Maine Lobster" commercial and now wished I would have stayed home and made a peanut butter and jelly sandwich.  What you see in the commercial [lots of lightly breaded lobster] is absolutely not what you get......Sure, if you enjoy dragging a mound of overly seasoned breading through equally over-seasoned butter, then go nuts!  But if you are looking for lobster, you'll need to go "Indiana Jones" on your plate of food...... and if you're really lucky, you'll find lobster...............but only the tips of the lobster claws and a few random claw knuckles.  I 'dug' through two plates [I sent the 1st one back] and after an exhaustive effort, came up with maybe 3 ounces of actual lobster surrounded by over a pound of breading.  The mac & cheese was good, as was the corn, but you will not find a more cut-and-dried case of  bait and switch anywhere [pun intended].  So if you are looking for lobster......look somewhere else.
1	Dirty table, bathroom, silverware and plates.  The appetizers came out cold and sloppy.  The potatoes were undercooked.  Not a fan.
1	Been few a few times.  Never great service,  however tonight we were seated right away. ( a very slow night.  Almost empty)  We waited 20 mins.  And no one ever showed up to get our drinks.  So we got up and left.  We handed out menus back. Told them our wait.  They said sorry.  But clearly didn't care.    This is poorly managed and probably why it was slow on a Saturday night.  We won't be back.
4	This is our go to restaurant for big, family style meals. Our family of six orders three steamer pots and three appetizers and we leave happy. Last night we took our pop for his 70th birthday and Joes did not let us down. Our waitress was very attentive and pleasant. The food was a bit on the cool side but we were hungry so no one complained. I love the sausage which is an odd thing to say about a seafood restaurant but there it is. The crab is lush and there is plenty of melted butter. Joes is well kept despite its casual atmosphere. Tables were clean and well stocked. It's a bit pricey. I have to be honest. $170 for 8 people eating  family style. But it's not often that we go so it's certainly a treat.
3	Ate here the day after Christmas because I did not want to cook. Our food was surprisingly good for this chain restaurant. I had snow, king and queen legs. Steamed perfectly.Hubby had a big fried platter and he liked it. So why 3 stars? Well, my dish wad 31 dollars, and while this is seafood, I feel this a little overpriced for 1and a 4th lbs. Of crab legs. (More shell than meat) There was also an issue with dessert but it was taken care of by the manager. Service was 5 stars but I am not sure we would return just because it is so pricey. Our bill was 78 dollars and I feel like the Angry crab is just as good amd cheaper.
4	I lived in Maryland for 20 years and I love steamed crab legs. This place was very good and I am so glad that  I went despite some of  negative reviews. I have wanted to goto this place for years, but have not because I don't live very close to either of the locations and my husband does not like eating at chain restaurants. Our waitress, Elyse, was very nice and gave us great recommendations for dinner selections. The Bloody Mary was delicious and they put a crab leg in the drink as garnish!The service was relatively quick for seating and service. I did hear one of the waitresses say they weren't very crowded that particular evening. The serving amounts were ample. There was a crowded table next to us  and I noticed they stopped talking for a good 15 minutes when their food first arrived. That's usually a good sign of a good meal. My entire family enjoyed this place and we will be going back.
