1	This place was the pits. It was about as tired and run down as the people that were eating here. We were in Vegas for the day on business and this was one of the closest places to the convention center.Worst buffet I've ever had in Vegas. And don't recall ever having a bad buffet in Vegas. Guess there's a first for everything. We should have known, walking through the hotel to get there, by the Motel 6 style of everything.Being in Vegas, I would bet... that this will be the next "legacy" hotel to be imploded.The lunch buffet was about 8 feet long (about 92 feet shorter than an avergae Vegas buffet) and consisted of fried rice, fried chicken, dry roast beef, bacon and sausage (probably left over from breakfast) (and I'm not complaining about the bacon!), pre-formed salisbury steaks in watery clear "gravy", chicken enchiladas with a black olive slice on top, grilled chicken and a few other untouchables. That's it! This was like a bad trip in Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas.
1	Bland food.  I only had breakfast.
3	3.5 stars. $15 Champagne Brunch. Deal, deal, deal. It's a hit or miss here, but the food really isn't that bad. Some of the entrees may seem a bit retro or just ordinary, but it's tasty and does the job to get you full, a chance to try different foods and fill-up on drinks! There are 4 themed stations, including Mexican, Italian, Chinese and American. My favorites were: Beef Ribs, Mac 'n Cheese, Grilled Italian Seasoned Chicken, Chicken Patty with Tomato Sauce, Mexican Rice and the Sugar-Free desserts (oh yummers!). Wouldn't come all the way to North Strip to eat here, but if you're staying at The Riv or just nearby the hotel & casino, not a bad idea to give this place a try.
1	The year was 2005 and it was my first time in Vegas. I didn't know that much about Vegas at that time. Vegas. I thought, just like any place else. So I got sucker into going to one of those Time Share seminar. I guess I'm not that stupid. Didn't get the time share. What I got was free buffet, a show at the Riviera and another hotel stay. The sad part was I didn't have time to see the show and never got a chance to use the hotel stay. What a waste. I did use the buffet here at the Riviera. Got the breakfast buffet because my stomach was feeling well. Well, you see the number of star I gave. Avoid this place.
1	Ever watched national lampoon vacation las vegas? The scene where they're at the buffet and the food is bright yellow and  blue and all watery? Well this place is just like that.Who knew soupy eggs wouldn't  taste good!  Gross food, not that much of a selection, nothing looked appealing.  Wanted to try the shrimp but was scared I'd get infected with some unknown virus. The only reason I gave this place 1 star is because I was in a good mood! For 15 bucks I could of gone across the street to Circus Circus and ate hot dogs.
1	How in the HELL can you advertise "champagne Brunch" for $11.99 and not serve any breakfast in your buffet or any champagne????? 1 star for making me walk far into you hotel/casino only to reject your "Sweet tomatoes" type menu!!!
2	The price was right and we were staying in the hotel, so it couldn't be closer.  If all you are looking for is a cheap buffet that is right there, than this is for you.  But if you are looking for good food and willing to pay $5-10 more, don't come here.  In the future, I'd probably avoid this place.  My brother wanted some shrimp Cocktail, but you had to peel the legs off their shrimp and they weren't that great.  The one good thing I can say about this place is, the service was wonderful. No line so we sat down right away.  And the Waiter was by every couple minutes to refill our mimosas.
1	1 Star.Free Buffet if you sign up for a players card. That's the only reason we came here. If I would've had to pay for this, I would've been pissed. Food really isn't that great. If I go to a buffet in Vegas, I expect so much more and better than this place has to offer.Mussels were chewy and overcooked, ribs were dry, fish was dry as well, pizzas didn't look very appetizing, the cherry pie was very sour. Everything pretty much was bad. I usually take pictures of the food I eat, even if its with my phone. But I didn't want to waste memory for this.The water was good though.
3	not sure i would agree with the 1 star reviews here.  i thought it was good for the price, food tasted good, and it filled me up, so it did the job.  went for breakfast one day, and it was alright.  eggs were cooked well, but i didn't have much cause i don't really care for buffet eggs unless they make the omlettes to your order, bacon was nice and crunchy, chocolate milk which was good, waffles were nice and crisp, but it might have been from sitting under the heating lamps hahahah.  went again for dinner another night (we were staying there and didn't really have anywhere else to go) and i was impressed.  the ribs were very good, other fried stuff was good too, almost everything else was decent.  not sure i would go back, but for being there it was good
3	Ate at the buffet before watching the Crazy Girls show. Super cheap, it was only $18 a person for the dinner buffet. The tacos were pretty good. Spaghetti and meatballs were tasty. It's not gonna blow you away, but being able to feed two people for $36 is pretty awesome.
3	This buffet is decent. Not too bad of a price for their weekend champagne brunch. Not that much of a selection, but the items they did have were pretty good. I like that they had corned beef hash amongst their breakfast items :)
4	First off, this place was remodeled, changed its food, and changed its name to "Riv Buffet" several months ago.  Given all the terrible reviews, I was a little nervous about coming here, but a friend said it's fine for breakfast, and I now agree.  I had the regular breakfast buffet this morning.  On the weekends there is a special brunch buffet but that doesn't start until 10am.  The buffet was way more than what I'm used to at a hotel breakfast.  There were made-to-order omelets, two potato dishes, three meats, lots of fresh fruit, cereal, coffee, juices, donuts, pastries (I was really tempted to try the chocolate croissant but didn't), biscuits-and-gravy, chicken fried steak, grits, oatmeal, waffles, and probably other American breakfast items I didn't notice.  In addition, there were a few Asian items, including rice, congee (two types - with or without thousand-year-egg), and kimchi.I had fruit, tator tots, coffee, a donut, a piece of ham, and a bowl of congee (with scallions and cilantro).  I'm tempted to try it again tomorrow just to get more congee, since I liked it so much.
