4	With 3 stars as "A-OK" and 4 stars as "Yay!  I'm a fan."  I put The Buffet at the Las Vegas Hilton pretty much in the middle at 3.5 stars.  How does that work?  "Yay! It's A-OK""A-I'm a fan."Well, I'm not a fan but it's better than OK.  I've eaten dinner here several times.  They offer a carving station with prime rib and roasted turkey, steaks and chops, some Chinese style food, a couple Tex Mex items, a couple sushi selections, peeled shrimp, a pretty good salad bar, an assortment of down home foods (ribs, mashed potato, etc.) lots of desserts and free beer and wine although we're talking bud and the wine equivalent of bud.  Overall the food quality is pretty good although there are some standouts at either end of the scale.A tasty standout here is the pasta station, where they will make pasta dishes to order.  They have a standard red sauce and a standard Alfredo but here's what you should do, I get it every time:  When they ask what you would like, say "Lots of garlic."  They will throw a ton of minced garlic into a skillet with olive oil.  Then say "Shrimp and scallops."  They will throw in a generous portion of shrimp and scallops to start sizzling in the garlic & oil.  Now say "White wine."  Into the sizzling skillet will go a hefty splash of white wine.  Now they will ask, "Sauce?"  Say "None."  Take the creation, sprinkle a little grated parm and pepper on it and enjoy.  Usually someone is watching and says something like, "What did you tell them?  I want that."
3	They don't lose stars for the 1.5 hour line we had to stand in. But it should be noted that you should expect to stand in line at least 90 minutes. It should also be noted I am not seduced by buffets. These things being said this buffet was really just ok. They have a large area of food to choose from. But much of it is side dishes or condiments. There is a lot of pasta and all of the food was very salty. The rack of lamb was the best. The crab legs were nice because they were split already for you. But most of the 10-15 legs my table consumed were bad and occasionally someone would proclaim they found a good one or totally put one down because it was too salty to eat. I had hoped for a wider variety of seafood but they seem to rest on their shellfish and forget fish fillets are good too or maybe fish pasta or fish friggin anything but a crusty leg or shrimp cocktail. There are only two types of salads (ceasar and mixed greens) and no extra salad veggies or toppings. The clam chowder soup was surprisingly edible. The desert area is very well stocked with cupcakes, ice cream, sugar free and not sugar free cakes and a crepe station. Overall I was really disappointed I starved myself and waited in line to overpay for salty average food.
4	After being disappointed with Bellagio's buffet, we gave this one a shot for Brunch. Not wait, good selection, decent food, and Champagne included.Was well worth it. Would go back.
4	This is about as good of a buffet as you're going to get for under $20.  Jeez, I felt like such a cheapo typing that.   Oh well.  So, let's start off with the bad.  It's not right on the newer part of the strip, it's more old strip down by the Riv, but whatever.  That's not such a big deal.  The other part that I didn't care for was that the crab legs were icky.  They were not meaty, they were sickly looking, and I had to put them down after my first couple attempts because I didn't enjoy the texture.So on to the good.  The rest of the food was great quality and sooo yummy.  Gotta love having bacon strips, and good quality ones, on the buffet at all times.  Service was great, dessert table was full and yummy looking (I passed so I could eat more bacon...I'll admit it!).  Everything was truly a hit, and I was really happy we stopped by here.Lastly, I must apologize for not giving more specifics on the food.  It's Vegas...I'm sure you can imagine the fog that encased my head!
2	My friend had some comp coupons for the buffet, so we went at breakfast time one day. It had your typical buffet fare (a little of everything) and was rather greasy and salty. The waitresses are ancient...as my friend put it, "I think they dug her up to cover a shift for someone!" Most buffet-goers were HUGE and had two or three plates piled up in their pudgy arms. (This is a BUFFET folks, they're not running out of food anytime soon! I don't think even the recession can hit this place) I would go here again if I had a comp coupon, but otherwise I'd skip it.
1	So my boyfriend and I were hungry and decided to check out the buffet. Seating was quite fast which is a plus.We sat down and I told him to go check things out first. He came back with a piece of meat and a few other things. Nothing worth noting. I then took my turn and was totally disappointed with the choices but more disappointed in how unappetizing everything was. I came back with a piece of chicken, a mini taco ( the only thing that looked appealing out of the whole buffet) and some Mac & Cheese. My boyfriend took one bite out of his meat and spit it out. It was ALL fat. I took a bite out of the mac and cheese and felt like i wanted to vomit! Everything was DISGUSTING!  to put it simply. I knew from the price not to expect much but to literally felt sick after. I meant it was a complete waste of time, I will never ever go back there. I have never had such a bad experience at a Buffet before and now that I think about it, it's no wonder they give out so many comp coupons.... they NEED ppl to eat there.Word to the wise your better off going to the little sports deli or the paradise cafe.
3	@LasVegasHilton Weekend Brunch is $17.99 per person. Serving crab legs,prime rib a full breakfast and more.They have made to order eggs, steak,bbq ribs,fried chicken, lox,bagels and cream cheese plus they have lots of donuts,rolls and pastries.Service is good, line moves real quick so real wait plus the sportsbook is right there so you can watch the game while you wait in line.For under $20 for a weekend brunch a pretty good deal and the food is really good so it's well worth it!!
3	Now that I have tried other buffets for comparison I am downgrading the Hilton buffet.  There, take that mediocre buffet!  Ha!
3	The place has complimentary beer and wine (the choices are limited but what can you expect for the price). There is cold peel and eat shrimp, turkey, roast beef, ribs, lamb, along with plenty of side dishes. The quality is not the best but not he worst either. The salad bar is just above nonexistent. If you are lying low between high priced dinners and happen to be near by, 'why not'?
1	What a disappointing buffet!!!    Stopped here for lunch while out in Vegas for the CES/AVN shows.    Selection of food was just ok and the quality was terrible.   Some of the food was cold.    As I sat at my table, I watched as people would go up to the dessert station, look around for a while and then walk away with nothing.   Terrible selection of desserts.
3	I've been here for the weekend brunch on a few occasions, and for the price, really can't be beat. If you are a local take advantage of a super cheap meal on Mondays and Wednesdays: $3.99 for breakfast, $4.99 for lunch, and $6.99 for dinner. All you have to do is show your Hilton rewards card and local id.  The weekend brunch has crab legs, prime rib, and beer/wine or some days champagne for either the weekend brunch or dinner. There is all the classic breakfast items already made and then a made-to-order omelet station along with grilled meats and sausages. All pretty much traditional buffet food, nothing fancy or ethnic, but solid.  18 bucks for prime rib, cocktail shrimp, and crab legs is a deal...take advantage of it if you are looking for a decent weekend brunch buffet but can't pay for one at the Wynn or Bellagio. Service might not be 100 percent, but come on it's a friggin buffet.
3	Was the best deal near the Strip for locals, but not anymore. Still it's only $14.99 for dinner with the 25% locals discount, and my Hilton Gold Card allows me to cut the line, although there aren't as many people now.The shrimps are completely peeled, including tail. Smoked salmon was good quality. Nice salad bar complete with pasta and potato salad. Decent Mexican food, especially the chile rellenos. Hot section had steaks and lamb chops. I usually avoid pre-cooked meats, but these were very juicy for a change. They also had a carving station with prime rib, a small Chinese station, and a nice dessert spread. On top of it all is the free beer and wine included in the price of admission.
4	As hotel buffets go, this one is plenty good. For the money ($12.95, when I went), it's extremely good food. I particularly enjoyed the bacon and the french toast. There's a fairly good selection of fruit.There was moldy swiss cheese, about which I advised our waiter. He seemed genuinely surprised and concerned so I wouldn't concern myself too much with their food prep habits.The grits were less than pleasing, but that's to be expected as I'm from the south and this place isn't in it...
2	The only reason I went to the Hilton Buffet (dinner) was because my uncles invited me and were paying... with that said, I got what I paid for. The food selection is mediocre.  I definitely was able to get anything worth eating in one round.  The prime rib was super rare, and the chef did not give me an option of having something a little more cooked.  Everything on my plate was splashed with blood. ugh. gross.  I will give them mad props for their sausage though - that ish was BOMB. Our server was quick, but inefficient.  I asked for water at least 3 times and he missed my initial drink order for my friend...even though he repeated it to me. -__- Overall, it's okay.  Apparently, locals get dinner for $8, so in that sense, it's worth it, but I wouldn't pay the regular price for it...not at all.
1	I came here because locals get a great discount for the buffet. Too bad you get what you pay for. @ Raw Oysters - Not fresh. They salted it to try to hide the unfreshness. My stomach got a really uneasy feeling the next morning. Since I was the only one in my group to get the oysters, I suspect this was the item that got me sick.This is what really brought them down to 1 stars. @ Prime Rib - The staple meat at all buffets. 2 of the 3 was really dry and almost burnt to a crisp. 1 of the 3 was at least red, but still wasn't very good. It just lacked flavor and the goodness of a prime rib.@ Lamb chop - Why can't I get my meat more rare? This was just cooked perfectly for the temperature, but I want my meat bleeding in a puddle of blood when I eat it!@ NY Steak - Cooked a notch above medium rare, was actually not too bad. Much better than the 1st or 2nd prime rib and lamb chop.@ Shrimp Cocktail - Flavorless shrimp. Yum Yum. *rolls eyes*@ Mussels - This was drenched in sauce, thats why it tasted okay. I guess you're eating the sauce here, and not the mussels. @ Salmon - This wasn't that bad. It was cooked just right and the fish still retained the natural flavors before it was seasoned to death. @ Orange Pork - If you're not Chinese or you lost your Chinese card you will enjoy this dish.@ Pork Dumpling - No flavor at all. At least it was warm. @ Mash Potatoes - Was this really mash potatoes? Needed to seasoned more and actually mashed. Its mashed potatoes, not chunked potatoes. @ Pasta - This is  made to order. The chef will make it to you're liking. Pasta was acceptable, but just don't expect anything exciting with it.  I don't know why they give you a big plate of pasta, enough for 2 people.@ Apple Pie - Tastes just like a regular apple pie. Nothing too exciting about it. It just a mediocre item. @ Bananna Cream Pie - Same as the apple pie. Nothing to really write home about.@ Brownie - Just decent. Not bad or good. If enjoy brownies, you'll get your fill.@ Cheesecake - Best item in the entire buffet. If you come here, you absolutely must get it. Now, its not to the same caliber as Cheesecake Factory, but since everything tasted so mediocre, this will taste exceptional!Our waitress was very friendly. She was really attentive with clearing our plates in a timely fashion and bringing us our drinks. Nothing more you can ask for a buffet.Breakfast is $5 for locals $14 non-locals. Lunch is $6 for locals and $15 non-locals. Dinner is $8 for locals and $20 non-locals. Sunday Brunch is $12 for locals and $19 for non-locals. You just need to sign up for the Players Club (free) to get these prices. You also get a nifty keychain with an LED light that doubles as a bottle opener. You can buy up to 3 non-locals buffet, if you have a group that want a cheap buffet. This is applicable on Sundays, Monday, and Wednesday.This buffet is really small compared to the bigger buffets at the strip casinos. Food is pretty bad, but I've tasted much worse. Unless you get the locals prices, move along. Be sure to skip the raw oysters! Spend a little more at the other buffets and enjoy your meal (and not get sick).
2	I enjoyed the buffet.  Now, I was comped all my meals here, so given that they were "free", I don't think I would pay $20 rather than head to a restaurant for that price.This place is right next to the sports book towards the back end of the hotel.  I am not huge on buffets, so I don't really have much to compare as far as Vegas hotel buffet's go, but I would guess this would have what you would expect at a decent buffet.  Without getting into specifics, I don't think most people come specifically for the buffet at the Hilton.  You are either staying here and don't feel like going anywhere or...no, you are staying here if you are eating at their buffet.PS: I broke their cardinal rule of not taking food from the buffet.  I stole a couple cookies...thank you Hilton Buffet.
3	For the price, the buffet isn't all around bad. Especially if the buffet tickets come with a room package.  Straight to the point, and easy to please to a group of rumbling stomachs' point of view. Raw oysters are offered. They are not as plump as they would be when they are in season, but luckily they were fresh and did not cause any diarrhea. You'll find all the regulars here such as cocktail shrimps, salad bar, a small deli of carved meats, and of course vegaslized Chinese food.  Penne with a combination of alfredo and marinara sauce is a must-try. The dessert section is small, but the bread pudding and gigantic chocolate covered strawberries are worth mentioning. I love the mozzarella medallions.Yes, there is a free wine and beer bar. The wine is better when it is mixed with apple juice.  A really funny guy tending to that area is greatly astounded if he thinks that you don't look your age. I received a Chinese I love you in the process.
1	$18.95 per person....Was really hungry for lunch and didn't want to leave the hotel mid day in Vegas.  Not worth it! Furr's cafeteria or hometown buffet is actually better than this place....REALLY! Don't eat here! Their "chinese food line was mostly salt; the prime rib is tougher than the sole of my shoe. You'd probably enjoy fastfood better in this instance.
3	I wouldn't come from a long way to eat here but I would walk 15 minutes. I am actually very grateful that this place exist, If you are at a big convention at LVCC next door, this is the best, quickest and cheapest food you can get within a 30 minutes walking radius. Especially easy to access when using Joe W. Brown drive and entering though the Sports Book area.
3	It was Ok.  Was too hungry to wait at the Bellagio 1 hour buffet line so came over to Aria and had no wait.  They served Lobster which was cold by the time we got it and the food was just ok.  Some hit and misses.  Shrimp/Dessert/some chinese food were delicious.  Other things were just ok or bad like the overcooked fish.I expected better from a $40 buffet and explains why the place had no wait and plenty of openings during dinner.
3	The Buffet inside of the Las Vegas Hilton used to have some of the best prices for locals. Those have disappeared and won't be coming back anytime soon, which is a huge shame. I like to vote for venues with my hard earned dollar and as a long time local, I used to visit the Las Vegas Hilton Buffet several times a month. I was a true customer in the sense that I would also talk about the food offerings to friends and people visiting Las Vegas from afar. This won't be happening any longer as I no longer go here.The last time I visited the Buffet, which was several months ago, it had a pretty good BBQ meat station, Mexican station, Asian food station, excellent planked salmon, oysters, shrimp salad, a meat station and sometimes crepes at the dessert station. That's a lot of stations, but they are centrally located in the buffet.Hopefully the free beer and wine is still going on here and the friendly hostess staff is still helping people find seats. But without the locals deal, I'm sure they have had a lot less business.
4	After a long day walking the convention floor at CES, a few friends and I decided to have dinner here at The Buffet.  I've been here several times and have my favorite dishes.  This evening, I opted for Pizza, Macaroni & Cheese, Fried Chicken, Hot Link Sausage, and for dessert a Slice of Blueberry Pie.The food is pretty good.  My favorite is the Fried Chicken and Mac n Cheese.  The Chicken has a nice, crispy & flaky skin to it with the white meat tender and juicy in the inside.  The Mac n Cheese is thick and gooey....nom nom!Since it was dinner, they had the small bar open, so I had some Oktoberfest Beer to wash it all down....this was complimentary, bonus!Overall, we had a good dinner with great service.Will I return?  Sure.
3	If you're hung over, this is a great "average" buffet. The food isn't anything to write home about, but they have a decent variety. To be honest, the first day I came here I was really hungry (and sober), and the next morning I came hear I was severely hung over - so I averaged my two scores for this review (it should actually be a 2.5)If you've been to typical buffets, like Souplantation, Izzys, Fresh Choice, Hometown Buffet, etc, then you've been to "The Buffet" - it's the same quality and selection. Nothing to write home about, but not a hole in the wall either. You can get everything from breakfast foods like eggs benedict (which my brother and dad loved) and bacon to dinner items like roast beef (freshly cut), ribs, and crab legs (not great quality crab legs though). The Hilton is located so far away from everything else that they can get away with this average buffet. Nobody wants to travel 20 minutes to get a better buffet unless they're already out at the strip or craving a nice buffet dinner (I came here around 12pm both times).
3	We got to eat the dinner buffet for free. So for a free buffet, it wasn't bad. Wine and beer is also included in the price of the buffet. It's very average with very fatty foods. It's very much like hometown buffet.
1	Do you have anything less than one star? I remember better food in my high school cafeteria. The prime rib was like shoe leather. The Mac n cheese was tasteless. The sirloin was inedible. Mashed potatoes cold. The only thing that I didn't leave half a plate of was the salad and most of the toppings for that were wilted. Ranch dressing covers a lot of sins. Terrible!
4	the reason you come to vegas...the buffets! sadly, i was hungover, so i wasn't feeling 100%, but i know what good food taste like, nonetheless. we looked up the best buffets in vegas and the buffet at the hilton was among the top 3 in all the reviews we checked. the sushi bar is the best and probably the main reason to come back. the sliders were super tasty, as was the pizza and other seafood. the dessert options are definitely the cherry on top. we'd come back for sure.
2	This is a smaller buffet setting. Sometimes they have local $6.99 specials which maybe worth the wait in a long @$$ line. Everyone and their baby daddy's cousin is in line.The taste and quality of the food is a bit disappointing. Definately not worth paying regular price. Go elsewhere.
1	DONT EAT HERE!!!!I wish I can give this place negative 5 stars but I can't! There was a piece of broken glass in Spanish rice and guess what I chomped down on it! Chipped my tooth and got an apology and incident report. Unacceptable they did not even bother to return my money that I spent. I complained to a Hilton mgr but since I purchased my room through expedia they could not do anything, so now I am in my hotel room in pain trying to get a prescription filled from my Dr in Los Angeles.
4	I only come here on Sundays for brunch and really like it.  As a local, I pay $15 and the buffet has crab legs -- a real bargain for a crab-lover like me.  The pork ribs were terrific but the beef ribs were inedible.  The rest seemed average and I'll keep comin' if the price is right.  :-)
4	You know, you can count on Hilton.  I have travelled professionaly at various points in my career and have been through a LOT of hotel buffets.  This was the best breakfast buffet I have had in Vegas.  First, no line.  Which, having once waited over an hour for the buffet at Paris, was nice.  Nothing that i have not had on a hundred other buffets, but everything was fresh and well done.  Nice selection without being ridiculous.  Could have used a bit more fruit.  Added bonus, the monorail stops here, so if you are staying somewhere more midstrip, it is an easy ride.  Yes, not bad would be the phrase.....
4	I have to say, I'm surprised by how much I've enjoyed eating at the Buffet at the Hilton. We had brunch there on Mother's Day and dinner there last night. The brunch was actually VERY good and the dinner was average/good, so 4 stars seems about right as an average :-)This is not a buffet to go out of your way for. But if you're in the neighborhood (convention center, Sahara, Riviera, etc) or staying on-property, it's definitely worth checking out. Prices are more than fair. We paid $19.95 pp for dinner which included unlimited beer/wine (tips appreciated of course!). This is a great value. And the food is good - not trendy, but plenty of options to eat as healthy or badly as you desire! Nice display of grilled meats and veggies at the back. Pasta to order, etc.Service was great at brunch and so-so at dinner. And for you sports nuts, the buffet is adjacent to the large sports book and fan cave.
2	For the price you pay, I've seen much better buffets.Very hard to recommend this to anyone, unless ur feeling lazy and want to go to a LV buffet if ur staying at the Hilton.Buffet in general is small, although selection is quiet large, but again, the food is just meh.
3	Had the Champagne Brunch.  The service was phenomenal, uneaten plates were always gone by the time I sat down from another trip; my drinks were always refilled promptly.The food, on the other hand, was lacking.  Most of the items were completely over cooked and dried out.  When fresh, however, the food can be quite good.  I particularly enjoyed the sirloin strips.But this buffet needs to dial down on the heat lamps because by my second trip, the same batch of food instantly overcooked/dried out.I also made myself a custom ice cream cake out of a base of lemon cake, soft serve ice cream on top, garnished by some M&Ms.  It was quite good.  I know, I know, I try.
4	Located inside the Hilton hotel, you get a free buffet here if you stay at this hotel. One per person. I really enjoyed the food here. They have a lot of variety especially for a buffet that gives out coupons to their guests, I wouldn't expect too much from it, but the food was pretty good! They also give free champagne! How awesome is that? There are lots of variety of yummy hot foods, a salad bar with smoked salmon!!! ahhh so delicious!, and a large variety of desserts! They have chocolate covered strawberries also, but you have to ask the pastry chef to bring it out to you because they keep it in the fridge.Definitely dont mind staying here again for the buffet.
5	We usually go here on Mondays and Wednesdays for the $5 dinner locals special but i believe you have to use player's points not just $5 cash. Regular dinner price is around $20 which is the norm for a most vegas dinner buffets but because its $5 i call it a steal.  Best buffet i been to under $30. Especially if you see what you get.Oysters, not always the best of quality but eat enough and you could definitely eat $20 worth. We tend to eat plates of them. Also add some sushi, sashimi style salmon, and shrimp.Made to order Pasta dishes, i always tip them because they make, in my mind, the best tasting pasta dishes. Even better then all of the fancy pasta restuarants i've tried.  Add some artichokes and bread sticks.Coffee and chipotle crusted Prime Rib is probably the deal breaker.  Just get there before i do for those tender pieces. I'll save you some unless im hungry they're all mine.Real delicious salmon, bbq ribs, lamb, steak, hotwings, tacos, fajittas, desserts, the bread pudding, dried fruits, beer and wine, good selection of salad, etc.  is it monday yet. Came here after one of the last awards shows and they brought out the good stuff.
1	It's a buffet not a 5 star steakhouse but even taken with a grain of salt this buffet is way below par. A buffet usually gives a fairly ok roast but not here. Two slices from two separate roasts and I could literally not cut them. The crab legs look and taste gross and the eggs taste more like powdered egg product than egg. Tried the stir fry and it had no flavor. Why anyone has waitresses at a buffet I don't know but these ones are inattentive and gross. The orange pork was good as were the breadsticks, but I've still had better 8.99 buffets in Vegas and this one comes in more than double that ESP after the mystery taxes and fees. Skip it, even hung over
4	For FREE, this buffet was four stars.  For the price we could've paid, MEH....My mom had passes to come here so Sunday afternoon this is where we headed.  After we paid, one of the ladies pulled us out the line to seat us since we were just two.  Not a lot to choose from but who complains about free food?! To break it down, I ate:hamsausage pattyitalian sausageham and cheese scrambled eggsroasted bell pepperspotatoesbiscuit and country gravymini pancakesshrimp chowmeinfried ricemalto souphot chocolatecranberry juiceThere was a bit more to eat but it was mostly meat and salad.  There was a dessert station but I didn't want to have any at noon.  Omelete station on deck but I've learned from going to MANY buffets that eating an omelete leaves little room for much else. So I passed.
2	To be honest our stay here was so awful maybe I was a bit jaded by the time we had lunch here. We got to the buffet for lunch at 11 AM when it was supposed to start. Didn't have a long wait in line and we seated quickly. When going up most the serving stations were either empty or sill had breakfast items which is fine they are switching over. They have a pretty good chicken fried steak for breakfast I admit. Service to get drinks and plates cleared was pretty spotty considering at the time it was just my husband and I and two other tables in the section. After about half an hour to 45 minutes they finally had lunch started but only the Asian station and a meat station not many sides available and the taco bar was still empty as was the salad bar. The carved turkey was decent but my husbands prime rib was tough and way to rare. It was a so so buffet but at least it was comped I wouldn't recommend it to anyone on what I saw and ate
2	Meager at best. Will never eat here again. First of all they tell you beer and wine is included with your meal (with a nice selection of imports in the trophy case behind the register). Only to find out all they serve is bud light from a keg and a white and red wine from (presumably) a box. THAT REALLY PISSED ME OFF - if I Hadn't paid first I would have left.Next, the food was not particularly good. the carving station had some decent meats, but much was over-cooked and dry. There was a fishy funk by the seafood that make me leery of even trying the cooked shrimp. - much less the sushi and raw oysters.That's my two cents - getting mad all over again thinking of what to write, so I'll stop now.
3	My husband and I went here for brunch today.   It was 19.99 per person plus champagne (unlimited).   We had a free voucher which is why we checked it out. I ate a little bit of everything - bacon, sausage, ribs, steak, salad, fruit, buscuits and gravy, ice cream - you get the idea.   The food, like at many buffets, was not the best but it wasn't awful.  I wanted something from the carving station but they only had one person working behind the counter who was making omelets and was not paying attention to the carving line which was growing. They have waiters that get your drinks for you who were very attentive and friendly.   I think if champagne wasn't included, the price would have been too much and not worth it.
4	Get the 2 for 1 with player card!  Great selection for breakfast and helpful staff.  Food is above average for a Vegas buffet.  Can't wait for lunch!
1	Can we say nasty?!?!?  Good thing I didn't have to pay for it. Would def not come back even if it comes with free and free beer
2	This place sucks!
2	The buffet is beginning to be lower in standards. I have been coming here for a few years already because I usually stay here and get the promotion deal, which gives you two free buffets for breakfast, lunch, or dinner...(Used to be six when it was with Las Vegas Hilton.) The selection here is not so great. There is Chinese, BBQ, Hispanic, American, salad bar, desserts, and fruit selection. We came for the Sunday Brunch and the only good thing that I liked was the unlimited mimosas, even though, the champagne may be cheap, but I liked it a lot and the server was very sweet. The prime rib was a bit dry and bland to me and kind of tough to eat. The mac and cheese tasted like powder. The snow crabs didn't look fresh, so I didn't touch it. The smoked salmon was fresh and tangy. The omelette was very fresh and great! However, I felt bad because I saw a lot of people had burnt omelettes except myself. =/ The fruit was too ripe and started to break apart. The soft serve ice cream was watered down! Do not get this! The desserts had too much whip cream and also coconut...so I couldn't eat any of it...The service here was terrific, they were very attentive and I would give them four stars for this!Overall, I have to admit that because I ate here for free, it was ok. But overall, I wouldn't prefer eating here. I love Wynn Buffet! =)
4	Now mind you I am not a buffet person. I eat here cause its $5 for locals! Yeah BB! and I am always in the Sport Book which is the best in Vegas. So its a good one stop shop and now is like a second kitchen to me! LOL.. Selection.. honestly.. its about like any other buffet. Not much for asian food and its white people asian food which wasnt my thing. So I am a total creature of habit.. Big salad.. unlimited shrimp.. making a nice shrimp salad.. then a bunch of California rolls.. not bad either.. then a big plate or two of fruits that are in season. Unlimited Pabst Blue Ribbon.. which I think was the first time in my life.. I said "A Pabst Please". LOL. Overall it cant be touched for $5 and they have some of the hottest wasabi I have ever had. Its odd as the Asian food selection is not good, but the wasabi is? Mystery... anyhow they also have a good red thai chile sauce to spice things up. So overall.. I am in..I dont do desserts, but if you did it looks like they have a big selection of cakes, pies etc.
4	cheap price for great food
2	For your $20 do not do with it what I did and fantasize about a buffet with variety, freshness, and flavor. What I had was probably the worse buffet ever. Service was odd , seating close quarters, and the food quality lacking! All I am saying is that I would rather have chicken nuggets from McDonald's than their pseudo orange chicken which was as red as a valentine's day heart. The meat carving station was pre-loaded with dried up meat and the available bread was stale! I can honestly say that this buffet was mediocre at best and it really had little appeal to me at all. True that wine and beer are included in the price tag, but don't allow that to lure you in. I even tried to enjoy the dessert  offerings and still I failed to be pleased here.This is less than mediocre. Better to spend a little more at the Harrah's Buffet and get better quality food.
3	Vegas and buffets go hand in hand and this all-you-can-eat awesomeness is satisfactory for anyone staying at LVH. My boyfriend and I ate at The Buffet twice, once for breakfast ($14.99) and once for their Champagne Brunch ($19.99). I'm a breakfast lover so I was in heaven with all the choices...eggs various styles, bacon, sausage, ham, biscuits, gravy, french toast, pancakes, potatoes, grits, oatmeal, fruit, cereal, desserts, etc. Was it the BEST quality buffet ever...not so much BUT it was good nonetheless. The Champagne Brunch was a bit more impressive, as it should be for $5 more. Unlimited champagne/mimosas, however, I wished they would have served them to us instead of having to go get them from the bartender each time. The buffet included all the breakfast food PLUS chicken, beef, ribs, Asian food, veggies, cold crab legs, etc. Not the biggest buffet or the fanciest but no complaints. If I stay at the LVH again I would hit up The Buffet for sure! :)
3	This is a buffet of conveyance. The price wasn't bad, they have a decent selection,  but the food wasn't that great. I don't understand how people are giving this place 4 stars on here thats crazy, maybe they know something I don't or caught them on a good day.
1	Las Vegas. Shows, gambling, sensations, and stuff yourself senseless buffets before waddling back to the slot machines and gambling for hours because you're in too much of a food haze to move.It's not quite like that. Saturday brunch was the biggest letdown of the food I had in Vegas. The crab legs looked fine, but they tasted a bit dodgy and triggered the "Back off this seafood" instinct. You know the one. (Upside- No ill effects) BBQ pork rib that was mostly a lump of fat around a bone with a tiny strip of meat to pluck off. The bacon had the decency to not be paper thin, but it did twirl around my fork like overcooked pasta. They offered eggs Benedict which might have been passable for a buffet, but would not have passed muster with any decent restaurant. Petite NY steak was mostly gristle.Perhaps my expectations were a bit higher given that this was a Vegas buffet. Perhaps it was a $19.99 price tag that left me wanting something just a bit better. I do know I expected a step up from Golden Corral. I didn't get that in any way. Even the people watching was rather dull compared to the rest of the hotel.Don't bother with this one. The ingredients are so low quality that nothing can save it.
3	Decent and well prepared.If you at a convention at the LV convention center ,take a short walk and enjoy.
2	This buffet is not bad it is just incredibly average. The quality and selection you would expect anywhere. The high point was the complimentary beer and wine. The service was very nice.
2	Las Vegas and buffets are synonymous.  Sometimes I wish this buffet didn't exist due to the McDonald's quality that it offered.  The ONLY reason why I even ate here because I was with my family for a convention as well as my uncle picking up the tab.  For $20 this buffet was subpar compared to the others.  Makes Hometown Buffet feel upscale and trendy compared to this place.  Fried shrimp was small, but ok.  Sausage was dry as a bone.  Hopefully the breakfast should be different once I come back.  The buffet at the Palace Station s**ts on LVH.  SMH.
4	We ate here Saturday morning with zero expectations and boy did it deliver. It was the Champagne Brunch, $19.99/pp, includes unlimited champagne and the best of both worlds--breakfast and lunch.  The prime rib was amazing as was the omlette bar. They had tons of variety to choose from including snow crab legs. You can get very creative with all their offerings...something for everyone. Definitely did not disappoint.
4	For a buffet it is great. Pricing wasn't horrible, selection was better than average, cashiers, hostesses and waitstaff were pleasant and attentive.
2	Meh, the Buffet was about on par with a standard college dormitory. The service was good but the selection and taste weren't really too good. The all you can drink beer was good, but that's the only plus in an otherwise mediocre buffet.
2	The quality of the food here really dropped after their remodel. A lot of the food tasted like it's been left there for hours and the selection was mediocre compared to what it was before. They no longer had a wide variety of seafoods or asian cuisine as they did in the past and attempting to eat any the meats was like trying to chew on rubber. I would not recommend this to anyone.
2	It's ok I guess if your broke and want free beer or liquor. Kinda disappointing if your looking for a Vegas buffet experience.Food: not very much flavor eggs were not cooked very well, the pork chops sucked and some of the food is not labeled properly . Not very much selection either but it's not terrible, Denny's and hometown buffet is betterPrice: $20 for dinner and weekend lunch better price then other places beware they don't have free beer everyday drink section varies.Ambience: quiet and not very packed servers were friendly and attentive, probably because there was no one there.
2	Pretty much met my expectations, which was quite low. The best thing was the bbq beef ribs, but I expect better quality and selection if I'm paying 20 bucks for dinner at a vegas buffet.
4	A solid 4-4.5 stars!!I was expecting a meh kind of buffet considering all the reviews I read on here, and coming here was one of the greatest surprises I've had in awhile! We aren't quite buffet connoisseurs, but we do go to buffets on occasion and I think I have a pretty good taste for them. It's true that this buffet is no Bellagio, but sometimes you just don't want to spend $65 per person and 2 hours in line for hand painted chocolate and napa valley focaccia and baby quail, ya know?We got there at about 10:40 am, which I would seriously recommend because you pay the breakfast price ($14.99 per person) and while you are eating your breakfast, they swiftly turn over the entire buffet to the lunch/dinner menu, which you have full access to for no extra charge! It's awesome!Some of the food i was impressed by included ricotta blintzes with strawberry sauce, a full yogurt parfait bar, HUGE selection of pastries, doughnuts, breakfast breads, an even huger selection of lunch/Dinner desserts (I loved the chocolate chip cookies! Crispy and chewy and almost like homemade! And they had real m&ms. Had to take some for the road in a napkin) and lots of roasted meats and veggies. The couple things I'd stay away from: the tortilla chips were kind of stale, the candied yams tasted like the syrup for the French toast.The service was good and speedy, and the guy with the coffee was always eager to keep the mugs full. They had the AC on a little strong, but there are lots of hot foods, so it's okay. All in all, it wasn't world-class cuisine and probably not as fancy as the Aria or another expensive buffet here in Vegas. But it was tasty, a good selection, and just a really good price! To be completely honest, there is a 95% chance that if I revisit a buffet in Vegas, this one will be above the Bellagio or any other overpriced pretentious buffet on the list. Unlimited food and drinks actually cost me less than huevos rancheros and one drink the previous morning. Good deal to me!
2	Price was reasonable at $19.99. Decent selection. Restaurant was clean and table service attentive (quickly cleared a plate and noticed when I needed drink refills). Food on my Sunday 7:30pm visit was not what I had hoped. Salmon was dry and over cooked. Sushi was limited to one kind of roll on one serving plate; again not what I expected. There was wasabi but no soy sauce or little bowls to mix it that I could see. Spring rolls were not crispy, prime rib was also kind of dry. The beef rib I had was really fatty so it took a lot of manuevering. The salad bar looked good and there was lots of dessert variety. I am willing to concede a Sunday night may not be the best time to dine because the restaurant was not super busy, but I think LVH can do better with their buffet offerings, especially since the massive NAB conference was being hosted at the adjacent convention center and lots of attendees packed the hotel. The following night I ate at the more expensive ($34.95) buffet at the Bellagio, and there was absolutely no comparison: everything was outstanding.
3	A decent buffet, not terrible but not 5 star. They have a special right now. If you use comps Sunday to Thursday, the buffet is anywhere from $4-7 depending on which meal. Service is decent.
3	Good food for the price.....A lot of food!!
4	Pretty good for a cheap Vegas buffet. Cleaned good size shrimp, ok prime rib and all u can drink beer and wine included!
1	EEEEEEEWWWWWWW GROSS CITY ..AS MA DUKES WOULD SAY.! food is absolute garbage...yet everytime i still go again n again.....most likely just because i was being lazy and our V.I.P. card lets u walk to the front and get right in.. so free n quick plus the free beer n wine are another plus...... not the vegas buffet expierience you are expecting... if u wanna clear out your pipes go ahead and give it a shot....... MAY THE POO BE WITH YOU
2	My wife and I ate here the last time we stayed at the LVH a month or two ago, and to be honest, I wasn't sober enough to write a review of it after that.  So, this time, we hit the Champagne Brunch, and after exercising remarkable restraint by not downing 37 Mimosas, I am able to give this place a whopping two stars.  Hits:The omelet bar.  But to be fair, every buffet has an omelet bar and omelets aren't rocket science.Misses:Every other single item on the menu.  From the tough-as-leather steak-looking substance to the just plain awful supposedly Chinese food that can best be described as "orange-colored-soggy-chicken-mcnugget-looking-thing," there wasn't a single item on that menu that would make me want it again in the future.Also annoying is the fact that you have to go get your own Mimosas from the champagne bar when every other place brings them to you.  Plus, the guy manning it was on his cell phone every time I went up there.  I had the impression I was seriously cutting into his Facebooking time when I asked him to make me another one, which isn't how you want to feel as a customer who dumped money to eat there.Next, some of the food wasn't labeled, leaving me to wonder what it was.  Guess that's just part of the whole Vegas "gambling" experience.  Pass.  There are much, much better buffets out there.  I think the GN's is the same price, and is a hell of a lot better.  And even the Station Casinos like Sam's Town have way better for a lot less.  Now I'm trying to remember why I gave this two stars instead of one.
4	Ok maybe it's because it was free for us (comped by management), but I really, really liked this buffet, and don't understand all the detractors! I've been coming to Vegas since I was a little girl and hence have consumed an awful lot of buffets over the years -- including an awful lot of awful buffets!!!  So granted, while the Wynn or the Bellagio may have the best buffets, they are also 2-3x the price of this place.  And even if we hadn't been comped, I still would have gladly paid the $19.99 for the champagne brunch.  Everything was fresh, and well stocked, and there was a good variety of items to choose from.  Their prime rib was one of the better ones I have had at a buffet, and they had meaty whole snow crab legs versus those that have been cracked in half like at some other buffets around town.  The only thing missing was the shrimp cocktail, which I love.  Otherwise they had good fried chicken, and different grilled meats and vegetable which were also all good. Apparently at dinner they do have the shrimp tails as well as fresh oysters on the half shell and sushi selections, as well as unlimited wine and beer.  So that's what we will try next time if we stay here again.  Especially if comped again! (Hint! Hint!)
2	Much like the rest of the LVH, the Buffet is sliding downhill.  What used to be a surprisingly good value is now not much better than a well-run Golden Corral.  Spend the 50% extra and go to the Carnival Buffet at the Rio for better food quality and a better selection.
4	I went here for dinner, so it was $21.99 per person. I also came in with mighty low expectations based on the reviews here, so that might have helped. That and I am not a picky eater. Everyone I encountered here was incredibly friendly, from our server (who seemed to possess the ability to read minds, as she asked if we wanted soy sauce after we had sat down and stared at our sushi and wasabi) to the bartender (he even entertained us with a quick magic trick). I really liked the fish, mashed potatoes, yams.. .mmmmm comfort food so good. One thing I would steer clear of is the blue oysters. Oysters in a buffet is bad news. Approach with extreme caution. I did not and my gag reflex paid for it.
1	The LVH Champagne Brunch left me with food poisoning. If you must eat here, avoid the eggs benedict and crab legs.
2	Went here because they had a sign that there was a brunch, turns out it's only Saturday and Sunday. The food was cafeteria like for $18 each. Good service from our waiter. You're killing me LVH with your restaurants, Benihanas was the only awesome restaurant. We are going elsewhere right now for dinner.
2	Definitely not the best buffet in Vegas, but when you don't really have any other places to go..it'll do. Options are alright..I did like the grilled veggies, but unfortunately they tasted like crapola. They had an omelette bar in the morning, and then pasta at night. The pasta was bleck. Mine wasn't made all the way through, and it was still warm. I got a bad tummy ache later on that night.The ice cream machine served delicious ice cream though. With some crumbled up butterfinger on the side. YUM.
1	Food was bland. Only offered complimentary beer for dinner. Vanilla soft serve didn't work. Crappy selection. Do not eat here!
2	$22/dinner per personNYE wkend and this place was a ghost town, was it a sign? Yes.The food is yuck and comparable to Sizzler. They have Mexican, Asian and American food. Shrimps for the cocktail was disgusting. I put a piece in my mouth and that stuff would not break apart. It's like they froze, thawed and froze thawed it all over again. Bf and I had to spit it out.The dessert station had plenty of options but most is processed cold and not very good. They do offer unlimited beer and wine. I had the house white and it was not tastey at all. Sorry LVH but the food needs a good fixing. The meats offered did not look very good either. I had the prime rib which tasted like it came out of a crock pot, more  like a stew meat, color was off and texture was flakey rather than chewy and med rate.I do not recommend coming here.
4	A winos paradise. Unlimited wines in three varieties? Chablis, blush or burgundy? Unlimited beer? A pasta station with a dude who made me Camarones a la diabla?  A salad bar with fresh homemade salads and everything a pescaterian like myself could desire! The weakest spot is the desserts, the froyo is sub par and the pastries are dry but your so full from everything else who cares. If your on the north end of the strip looking for one of the few unlimited alcohol buffets look no further!
3	Having low expectations about this place, it actually allowed this place to exceed expectations.Staying at LVH, we got complementary coupons to try the buffet.  Knowing we were going to pay for a big dinner, we wanted to grab a small snack beforehand.  Sure, a buffet isn't quite a snack, but I wasn't expecting to eat much, and since it was complementary, the whole "eating what I paid for" concept that usually happens at most buffets didn't apply here.But the food was actually quite tasty.  They're currently having their FESTIVAL ITALIANO.  I tried a few items.  A couple of their pasta dishes, some meat from their freshly sliced section.  They even have a made to order pasta station if you want to be so bold as to create your own pasta dish.I was a little bummed we couldn't have any of the complementary beer and wine.  Apparently that is only for the weekends.Overall, a pretty decent buffet if you're staying at the LVH.
2	Blaah.Ate here in a party of five because we were staying at the hotel and it was convenient.   By Las Vegas standards, $22 for a buffet is not expensive but by my standards I do expect some good food at that price.  The LVH Buffet failed to deliver.Basically, nothing was terrible but nothing was like "Wow, I gotta get me some more of that!"  Everyone else in my party felt the same.  I had the salmon (dry and tough), chicken Marsala (flavorless).  The turkey was ok, as was the beef and the sausage.  I could find no fault with the shrimp cocktail.  The salad bar was uninspiring and blah - at least have some pepperoni.  There was unlimited beer and wine -- cheap beer (Hamms) and wine.  Good to get drunk on but alas I had to drive to the airport later that evening, otherwise I would have  tried to drink my money's worth.The best part of the meal was the soft-serve chocolate ice cream.We went on a Sunday night and some of the things mentioned in other reviews were not there, namely Mexican food and sushi.  I like both.  My dining experience definitely suffered in their absence.Service was good.In the end I regretted being lazy and settling for the convenience of this buffet.  I would have rather have put the $120 I spent towards a better quality buffet at another hotel or gone to a restaurant off the strip and had a cheaper and better meal.
4	Came here for brunch and I thought it was ok for the price ($20). You get a variety of breakfast items ranging from the typical bacon and scrambled eggs to mini steaks and oatmeal. I preferred the breakfast items over lunch aside from the prime rib which was appetizing. The addition of doughnuts as a dessert item impressed me even though it was rather floury. Service was good; the staff cared enough to ensure my cup of orange juice was full or if wanted more coffee. Going here after a long night out on the strip will hit the spot for those looking for a meal to hit the spot. I'd come again in a heartbeat just for breakfast.
1	Eek! Methinks not was exactly what I was thinking when walking around the buffet area. My boyfriend has been staying at the Las Vegas Hotel for our budget trips and the casino gave us two complimentary buffet passes for dinner. They were FREE buffet passes, but I am still giving it one star. The regular price for dinner was around $21.00 per person and that is definitely NOT worth the price for this buffet.Food: Orange Chicken: Their orange chicken is pretty much microwaved chicken nuggets with an orange syrup sauce. If I had the palette of a three year old, I would have maybe enjoyed this.Chow Mein: It was a joke. There was chow mein all over the floor and counter. Carne Asada Meat: Dry and no flavor.Steamed Dumplings: This is probably the one thing that I could eat at the buffet that had a decent flavor and texture. I think I ate 6 dumplings.Fried Chicken: The batter was overly crispy and the chicken meat was super dry. I couldn't finish it. Pasta: There is a pasta bar that reuses the cocktail shrimp. There was nothing that special about it.Ice Cream: The ice cream is a soft serve vanilla or chocolate which wasn't that special. It pretty much melts straight up when it lands in your ice cream bowl. Service: The ladies here were nice but they also seemed to have the same sentiments that I did in wanting to be at the buffet. And to top it all off? I got a nice old stomach ache when I left the buffet and chowed down on some pepto bismol pills to help my stomach process all of the crappy food that I just ate. Bottom line: I went here for free but I probably wouldn't come back if you paid me. There is a McDonalds down the street, I'd rather dine there and get my $2.22 Big Mac.
4	This is the most reasonable Sunday brunch buffet on Saturday or Sundays, $25 for adults with tax included. All you can eat steak, omelets,  crab, salmon,  just to name a few. The price had gone up, but what hasn't. Westgate resorts took over from LVH, so far the same. Side nite; not sure how long the status quo will last, but for now it's a good buffet next to the sports page.  Enjoy.
1	If I could give no star I would. Ate here and went to get tomato slices, noticed the slices had mold I even looked very closely and it was fuzzy green. Told the manager in the front and they took the tray away. Funny part is she told me she ate a moldy piece and it was ok and taste good...wtf...they then brought the same slices out rearranged on another plate....wow..The prime rib was cold and over cooked, the shrimp was old and fishy, the eggs for my salad smelled of freezer frost. They before served Draft beer and house wine included in the buffet cost....well..now they have removed all that and it is an empty station...I was here a month ago while it was lvh and back now that it is westgate. It is very sad how this place went to a turd with ownership changes. Save a buck I guess.
2	Very average. But was free so didn't care. Would not pay for this, tough. Small selection and low quality. Was filling but with so many options in the city... Will probably only go if starving and free. Not horrible but just not really special. Although, new owners might change that. Haven't been there since the change.
1	The one star is for the service that was top notch for a buffet. The no stars are for the horrible food they serve. I'm a local so I eat there with a comp from the sports book. If I had to pay I'd be very upset as the food is pretty gross. The 2 things that are good are the freshly made omelet and the prime rib. One night they had crab legs and they smelt really bad to the point I couldn't eat them. The salad at the salad bar tends to be on its last leg. Everything kinda looks like it's been sitting out for a long time. Don't pay for this one not even if it's the last food on the planet
