5	Great merchandise at great prices! This store gets designer clothes donated from My Sister's Closet. Furniture is reasonably priced and always changing.
3	When I first walked into this store a few months ago, I was overpowered by the musty smell of objects that time forgot. On my most recent trip here, however, it seems that they've tried to improve on that "thrift store" odor and the store now smells a bit medicinal, which I'll gladly take over what it used to smell like!In general, there's a smallish selection of electronics here, mostly comprised of old tube-style TVs. There's also a limited selection of furniture. The most items you'll find here are clothes, glassware, and entertainment (e.g., videos and books). The selection and organization of the clothing aisles isn't as nice as Goodwill's, which makes it less enticing to browse for any deals.Since it's owned by the Humane Society, the unique feature of this thrift store is that there is a smallish selection of pet foods and supplies such as bags, carriers, and bowls, in the front corner. When we went they had items such as a large bag of Bil-Jac dog kibble, some canned cat foods, quite a few doggie carrying bags, food/water bowls, and some bird seed and treats. While this won't be a store I'd regularly shop for deals in, I do like supporting animal welfare causes, so I would definitely make item donations here.
5	It is is the plaza with Food City and Aaron's Rental Center at Hardy and Baseline. It is your typical "thrift store", but they have lots of vintage items, I found a great hutch for $30. Very few blemishes and the glass doors and shelves were still intact. The monies benefit the humane society, so you are also contributing to a good cause! Call them for daily specials such as $1 items and some times on weekends they do 1/2 price.
3	I'm a big thriftier. I love finding small thrift shops since they usually contain the best treasures but this store is lacking. I also feel its prices are a little higher than they should be forms thrift store. I'm all about saving animals but you're a thrift store.
5	Be still my beating heart! Thrifting brings me so much joy, and when I found out about a thrift store that benefits animals, I was so excited! I got two of my kitties from AHS and love knowing I can support them in other ways than going in and playing with the animals (because God knows I'd bring them all home with me). Not only is it a great cause, but their selection is excellent! It smells like a thrift shop, it looks like a thrift shop, but to me, it is the best place to find designer clothing and cute home decor. They also do half off every other Saturday and $1 clothing days a couple days a week. It is my wonderland!So if you've not had a chance to check this place out, please do! You never know what you might find.
5	This thrift store is amazing.  And its for a GREAT cause. 100% of the proceeds goes towards helping all our little babies.  The staff is very sweet. I love shopping here.
5	5 stars, baby.  Seriously.I'm an animal lover and a bargain hunter so this place speaks to me. Plus, you can find the best deals on clothing with their great sales.I usually go on $1 day and I've found some amazing stuff. What separates this store from others, is that they are constantly putting new merchandise on the floor so you aren't just choosing from the picked-over stuff on $1 day, but also on clothing that just hit the floor. The sales people are so nice too. It's a mix of paid employees and volunteers and all are pleasant and helpful.They also have a small pet selection where you can get discounted food and supplies for your animal. Check this place out. You won't be sorry.
