5	When I noticed our cat had worms (ew) I called up the Point Breeze vet and they took us in the same day, despite the fact that we'd never been there before. The receptionist even explained what prices to expect, which was super helpful. Now our cat is a regular client, much to his chagrin.
5	I took my two cats to this vet for a couple years and always received good, friendly, and quick service.  One of my cats is on a prescription diet, which I need to buy at a vet, and every time I called for it, the Point Breeze Veterinary Clinic either had it in stock or was able to have it available by the next day.
5	Everyone at Point Breeze Veterinary Clinic was friendly and helpful, and I'm so pleased with our new vet, Dr. Samard!  She diagnosed my cat's food allergy with speed and certainty and now we have a gameplan for trying to root out the offending allergen.  Two previous vets dropped the ball on this one.  Not only did Dr. Samard figure it out easily, she seemed to know just about everything about feline food allergies and deceptive hypoallergenic cat food products.She also gets points for spitting in the face of death by actually reaching inside the mouth of my 17 pound vet-hating pissy calico (who required canvas gloves and to be entirely covered in a thick towel) to manually chip tartar off her daggerteeth.And the whole visit, with rabies vaccines for two cats, was under $150.  Hooray!
5	I moved to PGH about 3 years ago with my cat and was nervous about finding a new vet. My previous vet in NY was just wonderful and I was doubtful that I would find another as good or as caring as her. Over the past 3 years I have taken my cat there not only for his yearly's but for other heatlth issues and was alway met with caring staff. Dr. Simard is my favorite vet there, and I try to get her as often as I can, but I have also seen Dr. Berger who is great and have heard good things about Dr. Schroth as well. Dr. Gerson is the owner, I have seen him once and he is a tad gruff, but if you are direct with him he is easy to work with. My cat has always had a bit of a weight issue and since going to Point Breeze and working with Dr. Simard my cat has gone from 25 lbs to 18lbs and we seem to be well on the way to Dr. Simards goal of 16lbs. My cat was also treated by Dr. Simard for a bad case of worms, after apparently catching and consuming a mouse in our basement - again they got me in right away and before I knew it he was worm-free. I have never felt like they wanted to up-sell me on anything, and they have always been very patient and willing to hear my concerns. I really love this clinic, and truely believe that they exceed in animal care.
5	These guys are great. We took our more mature, distinguished hound  for a check up and meds for worms and they were so kind and gentle. They truly love animals here and are willing to work with you if you have payment issues as well. They always seem to have an opening on the same day when I call, which is a huge plus! Dr Simard is really awesome and not afraid to be covered in slobber which is a way of life for any Basset owner. Dr Gerson is really great also- funny guy (kind of gruff, but kind if you look beyond that). An overall wonderful practice run by professionals!
5	I took my cat here for a preliminary checkup after adopting her from the animal shelter & then again to have her declawed. I was very impressed by the facilities and service. The facilities are spotless & modern, and the vets seem both knowledgeable and willing to spend time with you and your animal.I was particularly impressed when I had my cat declawed. They kept her for several days to monitor my progress & called me each day to update me on her progress.It seems a bit expensive (although I have no other point of comparison) but the service is well worth it.
1	The vet met with us for a very short amount of time. She was rushed, seemed distracted, and was abrupt. She very quickly said that it seemed like SCC, or oral cancer, and that there was no cure and the prognosis wasn't good. She left the room seconds after and only came back in to say that they would get blood work and schedule a biopsy. After she said she thought it was SCC, she didn't give us a chance to ask questions or respond. The technician didn't have any demeanor with our cat, nor with us as clients. She seemed tired, and overworked.All in all, this was a negative experience. I recommend that you take your pets to another vet :(
1	It seems like every other time I take my pets to Point Breeze there is an unnecessary frustration.   From being berating for using their online prescription program to being misquoted prices substantially to poor customer service I just keep hoping each time will be better.  Although I know they love animals I suspect they love money more.  Dr. Caroline. Simard is an excellent vet, but my last two visits have been pushed to other vets whose bedside manner is atrocious.   I'm a 40 year-old  who has been taking my pets to vets since childhood and I don't understand why each visit leaves a sour taste in my mouth.
1	Refused to take my cat, which had passed away, for cremation cause I had not been to the clinic previously. IMHO that's ridiculous. I will not recommended anyone to ever come here.
5	OMG where to begin. I had a very sick kitty who had been to the ER twice. I was already $1,500 in the hole for vet bills in 2 weeks for an 11 month old kitten, I took her to AVETS and all they wanted to do was cut her open (I was not gonna go that route). She was very sick one night so I was frantically searching for a  2nd opinion. My husband and I showed up on their doorstep just as they opened and I was desperate to have her evaluated by a fresh pair of eyes. The first person we encountered was so sweet and I could tell she really wanted to help us and god bless her she got us right in (thank you) and I am sorry I never got your name. We saw Dr.Simard who is amazing, she was very kind and empathetic with regard to our situation. I was so stressed and so tired from not sleeping that I almost broke down in her clinic (I am in medicine and I am usually a rock), and her swift thinking outside the box that had both diagnostic and comfort in mind for my lil one. She ran some tests and started treatment and more importantly she made me feel like we are gonna figure out a DX and everything will be OK. My lil Lulu is feeling much better and I want to thank everyone at PBVC for making it happen, they gave us excellent healthcare with GREAT bed side manor & I would recommend this practice to anyone.
5	This place is great.  I have been taking all of our dogs (five over the years) to them and have nothing but admiration for them.  The service is always prompt and caring.  I highly recommend them.
5	I took my two cats to Dr. Mathias for annual physicals and minor maladies for nearly 10 years. (In fact, I got one of my cats from Barbara, who was the receptionist at the time.) She set the standard of what I expect from veterinary care, and the office was managed by true professionals. The cats responded really well to Dr. Mathias' caring nature, and I appreciated it, too. She always spent enough time with us to answer my questions and provide advice on daily or post-operative care.We didn't do as well with Dr. Gerson, but I know that others, particularly dog parents, really appreciate his expertise.We were really disappointed to leave this place behind when we moved away from Pittsburgh. They are top-notch.
