5	AWESOME!  Full of Energy & Excitement!  Best way to start your day, so Energized!I joined an 8 week class in September 2013 at 5:45 am, the trainers were amazing!  I'm addicted, I'm on my third 8-week session.  Shannon & Angelica, the trainers, are so enthusiatic and the energy in the room is so positive!  They have the best workouts and guess what?!  They keep you on your toes, always changing and creating great new ideas for our workouts.  You get in, start on time, work hard and go home feeling Energized for the day!  I've tried 2 other boot camps and they don't compare.  If you want a Great Boot Camp - THIS IS THE ONE!!!!.I'm so confident you will LOVE it, they let you try a week for FREEE!!!Barbara(Mom of 2 and I have a full time job)
5	Best 45 minute, from start to finish, metabolism boosting, energy lifting, different every time and before you know it your done, fitness class around!!! Tailor made for a busy mom :) Thank you White Fox for doing the 2-Week "Back On Track" session. Didn't think I had it in me to do a 5:30 a.m. class but told myself "I can do it for 2-weeks/8 days and get a jump on working off my summer of excess", and I did it! After 2-weeks I felt a physical difference and a lot stronger. Now after the 2-week "Back on Track" I challenged myself to do 4-days a week for all of August and I did it!! I have come to love the early class! I get done and get home before the fam needs to rise and get a jump on lunches, backpacks and the daily grind. Best "Me Time" for my physical and mental health :)  Workouts are always different,  fun and motivating. Thanks for getting me back on track!- Gina H.
5	I have been a White Fox Momma since almost its inception, and after over 2 years still energized by the creative, challenging, and fun workout routines that vary each time I go! Thanks Shannon and Angelica for making 45 minutes COUNT! LOVE IT!
5	Best 45 minutes of my day! Great group of ladies to make it so much easier to workout.  Thank you Angelica and Shannon for ALL you do.
5	If you are looking for a challenging workout that is fun White Fox Fitness is the place for you. Shannon and Angelica are great trainers who push you past your comfort zone to make sure you are getting are great workout! The group of ladies that attend this bootcamp also motivate, inspire and challenge me. I love WFF!!'
