1	avoid this place like the plague. if you stay here...avoid the casino area between 10pm -2am that's when this place gets really sketchy.
2	Smell that familiar whiff of smoke? You bet. That means a casino is right around the corner. On top of the engulfing odor, I wish this place had more lighting to it. There's actually quite a long hallway leading up to the casino from where we entered (from the indoor garage parking - so you can imagine how strong the smoke was) and the way the hotel's been designed belittles its meticulous details of art on the walls and anything that would make it stand out. In short, it felt a little dark. If it were food, I'd call it bland. Nothing special. Nothing worth your time to be brutally honest, maybe except for that cute little dog that takes pictures for tips - Jojo. I was hanging out with my friend's family after attending a home based business seminar at the Convention Center about an hour back and while we hung around the wine cafe, this Rod Stewart look-alike dog was chilling in its little cushion that sat on wheels while its owner pushed him around. We called them both over and asked to have a picture taken. I was asked to place my elbow in a mini cushion next to the dog and Lo & Behold, the new profile picture. You know a hotel doesn't really do much good when the only highlight from it was when you took a picture with a celebrity look-alike canine.
1	What a joke. I ordered a Groupon for two night with upgraded room option INCLUDED.  Two days after check out my credit card was charged a $89 dollar upgrade fee. I called to inquire about the fee and they said they would reverse the charge. Never happened. I had to call my credit card company and contest the charges. The furniture was beat up, the toilet leaked all over the floor. The towels were like sand paper. The one star was for the comfy bed.
1	The place is a shit hole. 1. Poor Air filtration in the casinos2. Rude Housekeeping operator (all three times we called)3. Showers were made for midgets.4. Buffet? What a joke. I came in for "Brunch" and picked up a couple of their eggs benedict. I literally could not cut them in half. They were rock hard and tasted horribly.5. It's 3:45pm and I am still waiting for them to come up and make my room up for me.The +1 is for the comfy bed.
1	Never again.  It's sad that such a long running hotel is now on my never list.  Used to stay there often but since the Hilton backed away it's not even close to a decent hotel.  Our reservations got a bit messed up which was equal error between hotel and travel service, however the desk clerk did not offer to assist in the discrepancy.  The first morning we didn't leave our room until around noon.  When we returned later that afternoon housekeeping had not been there.  So I guess if you're not ready on their schedule you don't get that service.  The bartenders, horrible.  Bad attitudes to say the least.  Anyone want to try a Lemon Drop Martini with a SALT rimmed glass???  OMG.  We couldn't even get a bar attendant to visit our table and it wasn't much past midnight.  Don't know about anyone else but when it comes to earning a living I suggest you take all opportunities that present themselves.  I'm not even going to go too much into Vince Neal's bar. I don't need to relive the 80's by watching Motley Crue videos and not having a choice to watch anything else.  I will say, the chicken nachos were tasty.  That's it, next time into town I will try the refreshed Tropicana.
1	Just got back from staying at the Las Vegas Hotel last night, and I will never again stay here. I've stayed in this hotel in the past when it used to be the Hilton and it has gone done hill since then. We had a quick chat with the person helping us check in and were told that this hotel has been sold a couple of time, and is in the process of being sold in again. The employee also mentioned that no money has gone into the hotel in a while, and that is really easy to see when you walk around this place. We were given an "upgraded room". All the "upgraded room" had was newish looking tile and an upgraded bathroom, too bad the shower didn't work. We came back after our first night out at about 3 in the morning to take a shower and had no hot water, and the tub would not drain. I got on the phone to let them know and I could not believe what they told us, "Please run the sinks hot water for 10 minutes"?!??!?!?!?!? I hung up on that person, called the front desk, and things just got worse from there. The front desk ended up moving us to a new room, with paper thin walls, and a shower which did not fully work, but we had hot water :(. The people in the neighboring room sounded like they were in our room. The Russian couple woke up real early too, waking us up for the next two nights that we stayed in that room. The shower at least  had hot water now, but we were unable to pull the little shower lever up all the way on the bathtub to get the shower head to work right so the water pressure sucked. The rest of the hotel is a joke too. It needs a really good cleaning. The carpet looks like it's over 50 years old. Everything is dirty in this Hotel. I will never ever stay here again. I'd rather stay at Motel 6 than have to stay here again. I would give this place no stars if I could.
1	This has got to be the worst hotel that I have ever stayed in. First of all, there is always a line at the check in desk so expect a 30-45 minute wait just to check in. When I arrived, they claimed I didn't have a reservation although I showed them the email confirmation on my iphone. The rude desk clerk said, "I don't know where that email came from." What a retard! I got the evening supervisor who checked me in but put me in a smoking room with the AC stuck on high. There was a big chip in the bath tub with rust. And don't let me forget to also mention that the rooms stink! Do not stay here unless you like camping in the city dump! Next year if I go to another event at the convention center, I will stay on the strip and cab it to the center!!!
1	If you want to reserve a king size bad and pay for an upgraded room and get there so they can try to stick you in a room with double beds this is the place for you. Their solution to you after you have traveled to Vegas is to cancel your reservations that they will explain is only a request after you have paid for it .. but they will give you all your money back leaving you SOL with no where to stay.  So you settle for a room with a king size bed but without the upgraded amenities and still pay for the upgrade I went through Orbitz .. their solution was to give me $30 for troubles on the next trip I reserved through them .. serioulsly $30 bucks is all my experiences is worth?? Rather than holding the hotels they represent to their obligations nope .. here is $30 shut up and move on
1	Do not stay or eat at this hotel. I went on a business trip last week. I got violently ill with food poisoning. I ate grilled salmon and broccoli from the Paradise Cafe located in the hotel. The hotel risk management department  reports they will not claim any liability. I spoke to Brenda on the phone. She was dismissive and invalidating. I missed the last day of my work conference. The hotel risk management department reports no one else reported food poisoning and therefore there is no evidence that I had food poisoning from their food. PLEASE DO NOT STAY or EAT at this hotel.The amenities are mediocre at best. $4 for a cup of coffee that comes with powdered cream in your room. $20 to use their gym if you are a guest staying at their hotel. My shower faucet leaked for 3 days. I could hear the person in the next room snoring. But ultimately, my health was compromised.  I will never go back to this hotel. Do yourself a favor, DO NOT STAY HERE. It is a low quality hotel was horrible customer service.
1	I won't stay here again! ZERO STARS. They canceled my reservation for a non smoking room. They then tried to charge me more than $100 than the price I booked it for. But adjusted it when I complained.There were stains on the carpet, peeling pain in the shower and several light bulbs were burned out. They charged for Wifi.They put me in in mini -suite which didn't have any smokey smell though it was a smoking room. At the front desk they claimed they were upgrading me to the pool floor and my room had a lani but, I had a view of the roof the there was plastic green carpet on the "Lani" This hotel needs serious investment to bring it up to average.
4	I got a Groupon deal for $55/night. I know that's super cheap, so I wasn't expecting anything grand. Check-in was a breeze and they let me check-in at noon so that was a plus. I was asked if I wanted to upgrade to the North Tower (renovated rooms) for $20 more a night. I was told that if I didn't like the room I could go back and they would refund my money. I took the upgrade and I thought the room was nice. I was happy to see that there was a refrigerator in the room (inside the cabinet - hidden) where I could store drinks. I had no complaints all weekend.
