5	I have worked with Larry and Inline Business Advisors for a little more than one year. Larry takes a sincere interest in his clients and leaves no question that his top priority is helping grow his clients' businesses. His experience building a successful franchise from the ground up, as well as his patience and understanding, makes him uniquely qualified to counsel business owners at all levels. With Larry's guidance, I have seen my business transform from one that was disorganized and lacking in vision, to one that is now easily managed and growing comfortably with my goals always in mind. The bottom-line is: My stress levels have dropped, but my business and income have increased. What more could you want in a business coach? - Lee Henman (Henman Law Firm)
5	Larry is a top rate business coach. His passion for his client's success is contagious. Larry's business experience is a tremendous asset to his clients. I would recommend hiring Larry to help you grow your business beyond your wildest dreams.
5	Larry is a different kind of business advisor. Do not call him a coach. Hate those types. Larry doesn't do it for you. He essentially wakes you up to reality, finds the holes and gaps in your business and helps arm you with the info you need to help yourself. Plus his NYC accent puts me right back on the east coast. A true professional with real results.
5	I have know Larry for several years now through BNI and other professional networking events. I have sat down with him on multiple occasions to talk about his experience in advising entrepreneurs, and am thoroughly impressed. His knowledge in running a successful business comes from his first hand experience managing and owning restaurants and other businesses. If you are looking for a knowledgeable professional to help you improve your company, Larry is your guy.
5	I can't begin to tell you how happy I am to be working with Larry! I look forward to each meeting because his passion to help my business succeed is infectious.  I have said it many times over the last 9 months and I will say it many more times over the next few years, the decision to work with Larry has been the best thing I have done for my business.  Period.  Thanks for everything Larry!
5	Larry's insight and knowledge of business development is quite impressive. In addition he is a great listener, who truly understands each business owner's individual needs.  I am very excited about the strategy he has helped me to develop to take my business to the next level.  I highly recommend Larry Vivola!
5	I had known Larry for about a year prior to making the decision to hire Inline Business Advisors and have Larry work with me as my business coach.  Now, almost a year later I can easily say that it is one of the most important decisions I have made for myself and my company.  I have come to the realization that every business owner should use a business coach and the fact that Larry owned, operated and franchised his own business is what makes him qualified, he knows what he is teaching first hand.  Not to mention that he is a heck of a good guy.  As an entrepreneur and owner of K & J Windows in Phoenix Arizona, I have worked hard to build a company that I and my family can be proud of, and now I am working on the business and not just in it.  Thanks Larry! I strongly urge anyone who is looking to grow their business to call Inline Business Advisors and see how they can help you and your company.
5	Larry of Inline Business Advisors is as top notch as they come. Larry built a true relationship with us quickly and took pride in our business. His knowledge and dedication to us entrepreneurs, put him ahead of the class over other business advisors. We would recommend his services to any one that wants to take their business to the next level.
