4	First impression: very nice dining tables and photos from the flyer seemed appetizing so I decided to give this place a try.The wait for food was a little long but its because the chef prefers fresh food. It was worth the wait for the sinigang, sisig, and  pancit canton order. All dishes were very tasty.The sinigang had nice big pieces of pork and okra which  was a new thing for me to see but tasted good. The broth had the right flavor of tamarind and they have fish sauce for those who prefer that in their soup.The sisig was not the traditional look either..it was dark almost like dinuguan. I was scared to try it but was surprised how tasty it was!! yummy crunches of pork and onion served with rice and I was a happy girl. The pancit canton had lots of veggies and was a little on the sweet side so it reminded me very much of chinese lo mein. I would definitely come back and try their other dishes.
4	Clean,friendly staff, nice selection of Asian foods....as a whole review for a new place,, great begining and can only get better ... Congratulations to Rays...
5	Last day in Vegas and we suddenly craved for Filipino food. I asked a local Filipino for a recommendation, and he starts raving about this place. So off we went...The drive was very quick and there were tons of parking spots available, great! ( we do not have this luxury in NJ and NY). We were greeted by the server and was offered a table right away. We started with the Lumpiang Shanghai which we were told was a house specialty. True enough, the taste was better than the ones I had before. For our main dishes, the Sizzling Sisig's crunch and taste was awesomely delish, the Sinigang na Baboy's broth was perfectly sour and the vegetables used were very fresh, the Pork BBQ was so good we ordered another one! Yum! The biggest hit of the night, the Kare Kare, served with tender beef chunks and tripe. What's great about it is it ain't greasy at all. We really enjoyed the dish!  Living in Jersey City, i have tried all the restaurants serving this in the area and Manhattan, almost all do it on the oily side. Kudos to the chef! Aside from the great food, the generous servings was also impressive. A dish was good for 3 -4 people to share and the price was very very affordable! The owner, who was very  friendly and accommodating, told us that they were only a month old. Everything was so perfect it felt like they have been open for years.
4	I have to say, I'm rather impressed. Took my boyfriend in to try this place. We were the only ones in, since it was later in the evening, but the service was really nice and the food was pretty good. We had the spring rolls, kare-kare and the BBQ ribs. The only thing I had to get used to again, was that Filipino dishes tend to have fattier cuts of meat. While not in the best neighborhood, I really hope this restaurant succeeds. I'll definitely be returning to try some of their other dishes.
5	This is not your usual run of the mill type of Filipino resto... The food is fantastic and well prepared and truly your money's worth! I highly recommend you try Ray's you won't regret it. Kudos to the chef and staff!
4	So my lovely aunt and I have our weekly lunch outings and she always takes me to  places i never heard of. To top it off  she takes me to places that are in the hood. As I was driving there i was thinking " ummm aunty where are we going im scuuuuured"?! Anyways my rambling has nothing to do with the review.. So I surveyed the scene.. It located in an old shopping plaza.. don't be scured cause looks can be so deceiving..  Place looks pretty clean. This is a hole in the wall establishment. So course the food is good!We ordered the Asian BBQ ribs which comes with garlic rice. I must admit it's the best damn ribs that i have had here in Las Vegas! The meat itself was not rubbery and chewy like in some BBQ places like Lucille's or Dave's , the meat was perfect, along with the seasoning. I was licking that bone like i was a dog!!Another dish we ordered was the Beef Tagalog with onions. This dish is really good as well, it comes with rice and again the meat was perfect. The texture was really tender and juicy just like the ribs,.We spoke to the owner ray, he will soon bring lasagna into the menu. So it wont be Asian for long maybe it will be a Fusion type thing.. This place has just opened. Heck! I'm going back to order the RIBS! According to the staff people order this on their way home from work for take out order.Try this place now and order the Asian BBQ Ribs you will not be disappointed!
5	LOVED THIS PLACE!!!! I went here with my girlfriend of mine for a party. I am not Filipino so I cannot tell you the exact names of what I ate but I can tell you everything in this place was fabulous! Can't go wrong here! We had two different fish dishes that were great with sauce on the side with little green onions in it yummy! We ate the ribs, my favorite so great... we had the chicken which is seasoned to perfection. We had appetizers... I know that there were the mussels with the garlic sauce that dissapeared off the table so fast- just like a magic act in Vegas just delicious. We also had these fried apps that had crab in them...OMG those were so good- like I said I am not Filipino so I am at a loss for the name of that one but it was GREAT. There was sooo much food I was so surprised..The staff was awesome, friendly and treat you just like family- smiling and always there to offer you more of whatever is not on the table. I will be going back the next time I am in Vegas even if it just to find out what those apps with the crab were..Thank you to the staff and owners, Bing & Ray, for a fabulous night and a great party I really enjoyed myself. I hope your place really takes off. Best of luck!
1	Is this place still in business? Called all week no answer, went to location and it was closed?
5	Awesome food! Everyone should come and try it!
5	Good people! Good food! Very good price! With a bonus of fast service!Banana tempura is a must try.
5	Great food , Great  service and Great people. Yummy!!
