4	Great Sprint store with extraordinary customer service. Horrible location, though, being smack dab next to a high-traffic Chipotle, which seems to always be busy. I've come to this Sprint store twice now for customer service issues. No, there wasn't anything wrong with my phone or my plan. In fact, the first time I stopped in was to address my battery issue. I couldn't keep a charge. The guy behind the counter exchanged my old battery for a new one - at no cost. Then he said he'd knock $5 off my text fees - something about a special promotion I was eligible for.  Very cool. My second visit was to activate a new phone and change my plan to the new Everything Plan. What a cinch! I was in and out in under 10 minutes. Could it really be that simple? Yes, I guess so. Say what you will about Sprint, but I'm stickin' to this carrier, especially if they offer a new coverage plan with unlimited messaging (including text, picture mail, web access, etc.) WITHOUT demanding I extend my contract. Plus, my phone works everywhere I travel. I really can't say the same for Altell, T-Mobile or Verizon. (And I simply refuse to use AT&T for reasons that'll remain confidential.) *steps off soapbox*So, yeah, anyway. Got a Sprint or Nextel phone? Bookmark this location. It's not one in which you can get your phone repaired (you'll have to go elsewhere for that) but for anything else, this is the store I recommend.
4	I have a major love/hate relationship with Sprint. I'm not a big fan of the company's phones or service, but I have a really good deal through a family member who used to be an engineer with the company, which keeps me connected to Sprint's service. The downside with my plan is that I rarely can go to the stores for help. But while trying to switch phones, a customer service person shut off my phone, and the new one still wouldn't activate. So I ran to the store to see if there was something that could be done. The people in the store were very helpful trying to solve the problem themselves, but they could only do so much (employee family plans can't be done through the store).  So they let me use one of their landlines and dialed me through to the right people who could get something done.I tied up one of their service areas for a good half hour, but I never felt like I was in the way.  I've also stopped in a few times to take a look at the phones and just ask a question or two.  I always tell them right away that I won't be buying that day, but they were still really good about taking care of my questions.
4	Go in, Talk to AJ or Jeff. They do good things for people. See my upcoming review of the metrocenter store for more.
4	I purchased my current phone (Samsung Galaxy S2) at this location after it was on sale online.  Reserved it online and pick it up in the store without any problems.This store doesn't have a repair center, so you will have to drive to another store for any troubleshoots.  This store is between a popular restaurant and a law office.The store is very small, but at least you'll actually get some service and help from the employees.
2	I'm blown away by my experience here. I was put on a friend's account and my friend added me online since she was out of town. She bought the phone online, paid for the service and had my old phone number transferred over. She made an appointment and all I had to do is pick up the already paid for phone! First off, they had the appointment for 8:15 when it was for 6:15. Okay, no big deal, they got me right in...Jose Felix was my CSR and I told him the deal. They had no record of this transaction so he had me call my friend to get a confirmation #. I gave him the phone number 3 times before he asked me to just write it out because he obviously can't dial and listen at the same time. This guy was such a dipshit. He then gets the confirmation and hangs up and THEN asks for her password. So, I call her again. So much for handling it online, huh? He gets the phone and I ask for the receipt, the rebate and to transfer my information to the new phone. He says he doesn't have the equipment to transfer my media, just my contacts. Um..WHAT? He ended up only getting 38 out of my hundreds of phone numbers. When I asked him why he said that's all his equipment would let him do. I just signed a 2 year contract with your company, bought a $200 phone and all you have to do is your job? Wow. By the end of all of my 30 minute experience here, I ended up asking him for a receipt 2 more times, a bag for all the stuff I bought and where was another location so I could talk to somebody that knew something about this phone and how I could get it started. If I don't have a better experience tomorrow, I'll just go back to T-Mobile. Their service sucks but at least their customer service doesn't.
