5	Not bad! I ordered the Sisig and Chicken Adobo (but the girl gave me Menudo ). Sisig was not what I was used to. The pork and tomatoes were cut bigger than I've normally seen. Both were good. Not as good as Moms home cooking but good. I will definitely be going back to try more. Try it out and support our Filipino Community
3	Bautista's Filipino Kitchen goes by the acronym BFK, yes the very same BFK from Hawaii. Cool to see Filipino cuisine now in the Galleria food court! They have a good variety of Filipino favorites like Pinkabet, Diniguan, Pork Gisantes, Chicken & Pork BBQ sticks and Adobo. There's also some desserts like Halo Halo w/Ube ice cream listed.  Prices are pretty reasonable. You can choose ala carte or get 2,3 or 4 item combo plates. It's presented in heating warming trays. It's kind of turo turo style I guess since you do have to point to what you want.   First visit:  I tried pancit and longanisa.  I like the mixture of pancit and vegetables, seasoned well. I can taste garlic. I love garlic. Longanisa was sweet and fatty but not too greasy when you cut into it. That's a good thing.  But while I did like both food items, temperature wise it was not hot, lukewarm at best. Even the white rice that came with the combo plate I got was just warm. I ended up throwing my meal after a few bites. BFK was just into their 3rd day of their soft opening I learned afterwards and the employee I talked to said they'll start serving their cooked to order breakfast on the 9th. Cooked to order, now that I can go for!Second visit: Wanted the Adobo Rice Omelette since the breakfast menu was up and it says served 'ALL DAY - MADE ON DEMAND'...well just not right now the employee said. Since it was going on the last hour (it was a little after 5pm mall closes at 6) the kitchen was shut down for the day, plus she was by herself. Well so much for MADE on DEMAND! ugh... She did suggest the adobo and rice already available, but I wanted a cooked to order item. Oh well. Settled for the noodle plate of Pancit and 2 Lumpia.  At least this time I can see steam coming up from the warming trays so I took it as a good sign my food will be hot this time.  It was warmer than before. Tasted alright. The noodles were slightly mushy and the lumpia wrapper wasnt crisp. I attribute it to being left on those warming trays too long. Ended up throwing my meal again after a few bites.Don't get me wrong, the food tastes good, but I prefer cooked to order meals. It's a personal pet peeve of mine. I tried to like it. So take that into consideration reading this review.Anyways staff was cheerful and friendly. The place appears clean. I do look forward to trying out that Adobo Rice Omelette and Halo Halo one of these days. Maybe the third time visit will be a charm.
2	me and a friend went there to Eat on feb 25 2014 and service was not so great. food was okay and  price of food was okay but I think its over priced for the portion of food they give you was way to little.
2	To pricey.. ordered spam masubi and Turon bites.. spam masubi the rice was to hard n I think the spam wasn't cook right. N the turon bite wasn't the turon I was expecting. .. so I give it a 2 for now..
1	What Filipino restaurant charges $7 for HaloHalo, really?! Red Ribbon is less than $5. Might as well go to Thelma's across the street.
1	because they got butthurt about my original review...theyre overpriced and unsanitary(:-goodluck eating there.
3	This is more of a rebuttal and a little update to Bautista's K (the owner?) review since I was mentioned in it. ----"As for Shirley B. - was very surprised to find this review redundant. As if it was to sabotage a business and give a review only on the 3rd day of "soft opening" -"----Am I understanding this right? I am being accused of sabotage? I sure hope not. I cant take this unwarranted accusation lightly and feel the need to address it. I normally do write ups after a first visit to new places but my review was based after a second visit (2/10) to this place a week and a half later, not on the 3rd day of soft opening (Jan 30) that Bautista K comprehended. .  Go over and reread my review again, 4th paragraph where I mention my 2nd visit.  As for redundancy, I cant help that since both visits when I ate there, temperature wise, the food was not hot enough. Which by the way is fact since it was reflected in SNHD inspection a day later coincidentally after my review was written. Update:  I'm happy Bautista's  took proactive steps and corrected it and now rockin the A grade.For the most part my review was positive as I mention food tasted good, prices reasonable and friendly staff. Some people think I'm way too nice and too generous with the ratings I dish out. Sorry you take the overall review as sabotaging your business but I still stand by my original review. I sure hope the accusation is just a misunderstanding. All who know me know I am a big advocate and supporter for businesses in our community and only want to see everyone succeed.  Even your business here in Vegas Bautista K!  Happy to hear you are doing great with all the new dishes I see you are now offering  and possibly look forward to trying them one of these days.
1	Horrible! Don't waste your money! Halo halo was not even sweet not to mention over priced. Ordered siopao, and it had pieces of paper stuck to it. Will never eat here again.
1	Since the closing of Elena's, my husband and I were excited to hear of this place opening up. We went there this weekend and got a adobo fried rice omelette and kimchi. It was the worst we have ever tasted! It was so bland with uncooked chunky cut green onions. The adobo didn't taste like adobo and was really dry. We tried to eat it all but just couldn't. As for the kimchi, it was good and totally store bought. We were hoping it was homemade. Very disappointing. Usually we would give most restaurants another try but it was just too bad. =(
1	Ordered 2 item combo. Got pork adobo, pancit and one grilled chicken skewer. The only semi decent part of the order was the pancit. It would have been better but it was semi cold just like the adobo. The adobo wasn't good. The meat was very hard and really had no flavor. Plus it was very salty. I make adobo at home and mine is super soft. Just melts in your mouth unfortunately theirs was the opposite of that. What really angered me was I also ordered grilled chicken. The problem is they only make it when it's ordered. I had already eaten my meal and I was still waiting for this chicken. When I got it twenty minutes later it was four tiny pieces and one of those was a chunk of fat! I guess if you're super desperate for Filipino food at least give this place a try but for sure stay away from anything that's grilled. Also don't bother with the boba, theirs a wait for that too.
3	My expectations are usually fairly low when eating in a mall food court. Decided to give this place a chance and wasn't disappointed. I ordered a mini bento box which was actually plenty of food. I was surprised to find the amount of flavor in the dish. You could tell that it was prepared with care and had a wonderful presentation.Reasonably priced- overall enjoyable. Nothing special though.
1	It was around 6 pm dinner time and they were out of a lot of food.  I then decided to order something from the "anytime" menu which is mostly breakfast sfuff.  I figure I can wait for them to cook something from the "anytime" menu.  Well, the lady working said they weren't serving anything from that menu at that time.  Wtf????  Why do you have that on your menu then???  Get it together!!
1	Poor food and grumpy service. The Hawaiian BBQ place here previously rocked. Save the upset tummy and head over to another option like Kyklos Greek.
1	Overprice, small portions and the poor young girl had no idea what the food was nor what was on it.. Sad because it tasted ok for local 671/808 chow ....
1	A Filipino place at the mall? Cool! Overpriced and funky tasty food? Not so cool.Really, who pays $6 for boba? I mean, that has to be pretty damn good boba for that price... Anyways let me tell you my beef with this place.My mom, aunt, and cousin were craving halo halo and this was the closest thing to home besides Thelma's (which we aren't particularly fond of). There was only one worker there that day so I can forgive her for taking a long time for making the halo halo at least. The results were... well... Disappointing. The halo halo had no taste. I don't know how that was possible especially with the amount of things in it.10-15 minutes after we got the halo halo our boba was ready. My cousin ordered a strawberry milk tea and I got a green tea. The teas had flavor but they didn't taste anything like what they were suppose to be. I'm baffled that a premixed drink took so long to prepare yet didn't taste right.My mom ordered pancit from here too and whoever prepared it perhaps got carried away with seasonings. Ick.Overall, I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone unless they pick up their game.
1	Their food sucks! Lumpia soggy. The dishes with vegetables in it salty.  And it's expensive.  Even the halo halo isn't so great either.  I'd rather eat at Thelma's. The food there much tastier and cheaper!
1	Never again will go to this fast food ever!!!! No ahi poki, no halo halo come on why don't you just close your place!
