2	We moved in 6 months ago. We took this place because my wife insisted on living in Summerlin. We also did not have any time to look around. Staff were friendly, Tried to work with us after they did a bait and switch. They will only show a model, not the unit you are to rent. Read the fine print! They have hidden fees for everything. Water, rubbish, Rent is due on the 2nd EXACTLY, After that there are all kinds of fees. They say PET FRIENDLY but MONEY friendly is more like it. $300 non refundable cleaning deposit (That's Normal)$30 a month PET RENT ($360 a year per rent per pet) Then three months later they upped the PET RENT to $50. Now $600 more a year. They say it is because of excessive poop to pick up. Well shame on them, Their staff are paid only $34k to pick up poop and only from 7-8am That means 5 tenants with pets cover the expenses for the poop patrol. The other 106 tenants are making them bank!!The Jacuzzi's have NEVER worked. One just swirls cold water and the other was drained in October 2011 and never refilled. Today it is 101 degrees and My AC broke.  Their company they use to process payment is a criminal enterprise.  They randomly charge tenants for things like excessive water use. I recommend you take your time and rent a house. Our $640 rent is actually almost $900.
1	Just read others reviews but stoped in anyway the husband and I were told everyone is going to lunch....We wont be back. I hate when people give me a nasty attitude.
1	Ya know... For my first apartment it wasnt too BAD. But I know better now, and for $918.00 + per month in Summerlin I could have been living way nicer, and in a much newer place at that. It definitely is overpriced for what they offer tenants. Whats more, the community itself can be a little on the loud side. First month in there was a domestic dispute at 3:00 am with cops shouting from a mega-phone and a few gun shots going off. Our neighbors downstairs smoked crazy weed, and that smell of course can come through the vents. Most of the units have been renovated with new appliances and new paint but the 'old' underneath the new is very visable. They did a lousy job of making the updates. Its not the worst choice guys but if you can keep looking, keep looking, its that simple! For my roommate and I this place served its purpose. I am glad my 10-long-months here is up, and I wouldnt even think to renew the lease even if the rent was reduced by $300.00.The two bedroom should be no more than 800 max, and to think they offered to renew my roommate and I for $1200.00 per month. I knew they'd lost it then! The biggest reason I wouldnt come back would have to be due to the office personnel. There is always someone new, people quitting left and right. The staff they bring on is also very rude and short with its people and I've seen this occur on numerous occasions. They ran out two of their best but that's their bad :( The plus with this place is that its in a great area for shopping and dining! Freeway access bites but if your not in a hurry to be somewhere you're fine. Basil and Lime for Thai food is near, BJ's, PF Chang, and everything else good ol' Boca Park has to offer. Tip to Broadstone: Lower that rent, screen your new tenants thouroughly, and make the rent site more user friendly. Lastly, replace those crummy showers. I cringed everytime I took one simply because it looked old, no matter how much I kept it clean, and called maintainance to cover rusty spots up. For as much as you charged us, my bathroom could have been upgraded better for sure :- /Adios Broad!
5	I love living here.  Sure there are newer apartments in the area but Broadstone Talavera has a nice feeling.  The apartments are well appointed and if you have any issued maintenance is there almost instantly.  Very impressive.  Since Nikki has become the manager of this property it has improved tremendously.  She is on a mission and she is doing a fantastic job.  Sure...in any apartment complex there are going to be issues here and there with the tenants but they do have a very good security team you can call and they will assist you if your being disturbed in any way.  The leasing agents Genesis and Tanzy are super sweet and helpful.  I reccomend this place!!
1	We just moved from out of state and were very tired. We signed a lease based upon the model unit. No bugs no bad smell not a visible problem. Two hours prior to moving into our unit we thought ok this works. Spoke to soon. The unit was infested with roaches, big ones, I had two guests over and a roach fell on top of her head. I have 2 little girls and that level of infestation is not safe and the health dept. should shut it down until it's taken care of. One hour after I called the leasing office. Once we communicated our state of gross emergency, the washer flooded the whole front area of the unit, and all they did is place a huge fan in the room and did a sloppy job cleaning, in fact one of the maintenance guys looked embarrassed for us. Now roaches and water damage???!!!!! Are you kidding! (To be continued)
1	Moved in here 6 months ago, only saw the model apartment, which looked really nice and that's why we decided on this place.However, once I started living here, I realized that there were many things that I've taken for granted at other apartment complexes. 1. This might vary from apartment to apartment, but my TV gets ONE channel from the antenna (I do get about 5 Spanish channels, but I don't watch them ever.). At my other place, I could pick up all the local channels with the same antenna. Talked to the office, they go "you'll just have to get cable". Is this a deal they worked out with the cable company or something?!2. Poor cell reception. People can't hear me when I call them from my couch in the living room or my bed in my bedroom, I have to literally be GLUED to the wall towards the outside for me to have enough cell reception to make a call. 3. No recycling bin. Shouldn't EVERY apartment complex have a recycling bin by now? The office said "you'll just have to take it to Target"4. We found out that it costs $7 to replace a bulb in the kitchen when three of our bulbs went out. I don't know about other apartment complexes but I've never ever had to pay for a bulb in any of the apartments I've lived in. I called the office to ask if it's in the lease, they said it's not, but it was a notice that was put out on every apartment door sometime ago (they couldn't provide when this happened), and that it does say in the lease that they can change their policy at any time. And the manager said "People just leave their lights on all the time, and that's a lot of money if we change them for free, that's $7 per bulb and we have 300 some apartments here." Yeah all those 300 some apartments pay you $900 in rent EVERY MONTH. 5. Among all the ripoffs, this is the best one. My roommate's car got towed one day because she failed to move it during parking lot repaint. The office claimed that they put out notices EVERYWHERE about this (of course we didn't see any of those "notices), yet when my roommate talked to some of our neighbors, they said a lot of people's cars got towed. The car towing company told my roommate that she has to pay $400 to get her car back. She argued with them and threatened to sue them. Next thing I know, she told me they said she doesn't have to pay that $400 anymore. Is the car towing company just super nice, or is it something else...?It's safe to say I will not be renewing when my lease is up.
1	These people are pre judgmental assholes!If you are Black, Gay, OR have a medical condition and medicate with marijuana they will black ball you! They had a maintenance guy named Hank that was the most raciest piece of #@%t I have encountered in a long while. Taking pictures and videotaping people on your personal cellphone IS NOT OK! Enjoy your wonderful reviews Boadstone you so deserve it!Kick me outta of your raggedly ass apartments for paying rent on time for 3 years because I medicate ith MMJ! Go suck a BIG D#%K!  YOU AND YOUR ATTORNEYS BLOW
1	Don't be fooled by the beautiful models. When we first moved in we absolutely loved this place!! This was until we saw how GHETTO the people around us were. No body has regards for other people, if there is ever a problem and you have to call the office or maintenance they couldn't care less. Replacing a KEY that cost 3 dollars to copy, costs 75 dollars to replace. I really could go on but I think based on the other crappy reviews this place speaks for itself. Save yourself the time and don't even bother!
5	I have lived here at Broadstone Talavera for over 6 years. I have nothing bad to say about it here. The office staff are always friendly and professional. I have no regrets since moving here from California.  Yes they might be a little strict about their pet policy, noise , and making sure no one leaves trash around, but that's what I like about it. I know they take care of the property and keep it clean. Take it from me who actually lives here and can write an honest review I wouldn't still be staying here if it was as bad as some of the reviews I am reading. Most of my neighbors I have gotten to know say they love it here as well. I guess those who got evicted would be the ones who feel differently.  Which is understandable. To the staff at Broadstone keep doing what your doing cause you guys are amazing ! Mark me down for the luau this Saturday!  What other property throws a bbq for the residents. Yup it's the one I live at ! SAM
5	I disagree with some of the previous reviews. Managagement has been excellent since I moved in six months ago. Pools are clean and pleasant - at least the one I go to by the front. Management is very responsible and pleasant, and maintenance is quite good. Quiet and peaceful. Everyone I've talked to here is happy with their units. Location is great.
