5	This is definitely the place to go for tires. We checked everywhere to buy a specialty tire and these guy"s had the best price. I found the tire on line cheaper and the met their price too! The service was great, the shop was clean and they were professional from start to finish, highly recommend discount tire
5	I am so happy this was so easy.  I did my research online and compared prices with Sam's Club and and Big O Tires.  I really liked that Discount Tire listed all of their installation charges online (unlike Big O).  I was able to see which location had the tires I wanted and had my choice of appointment times.They took me on time and it was only 33 minutes before I was heading out the door again with new tires.  Everyone was friendly and I can't really imagine it getting any easier.
4	Great Guys that work here, get the tires check filled . IN and OUT!!!!
1	Found the tire I wanted online but got to the store and was told it was out and they only had a higher price tire.  Not happy didn't offer to check other stores
2	A few months ago I bought 2 tires from Big Ole Tires for $100.00 each with included balancing and installation. I seen a discount tire add on the Internet for $67.00 each great deal so I thought. I went there after purchasing 2 more tires and got charged 60 installation. The grand total came out to be $214.00 for two tires. Buyers beware Discount Tire adds do not account for installation.
5	Everyone was very helpful, my car was in and out in 30 mins, plus our warranty covered the cost of replacement. When I came back because my tire light was still going off, they replaced my tire for free. Definitely awesome.
5	Getting your tires changed is probably on the bottom of my list of favorite things to do. But I must say that when it is time to do it, this is the place. Have been a customer of this location for 15 years and THEY HAVE ALWAYS DELIVERED. excellent customer service who actually cares about you, and knows how to give a great deal.   Nothing less than a great experience every time. The staff and management is always friendly, knowledgable and fast. Rocco is my guy here and takes care of you like you are his own family. When it comes to tires, it simply doesn't get any better than this, and even Costco doesn't compare.
5	I signed up for Yelp just to give them a review.  I only went this morning to get my tire rotated, and even though I haven't bought any tires from them, I def will.  It was 8 am in the morning, and everyone was cheery.  I remember hydroplaning a few months ago, and I was worried that I damaged my tire, and they were honest with me, and said that I was fine, and let me go.  So amazes.
5	Towards the end of the day I discovered a nail in my tire. Rocko and James gave me 1st class service and was in and out in under 15 minutes.  They were courteous and efficient. I will be a returning customer and promote because of this service received.
2	OK so I stop in. I need 2ea Falken 452 DT = Discount Tire we have them will order. Paid in FULL layaway. Tires should be here by Thursday. Ring ring Monday AM from DT sorry those tires are discontinued. OK what's the plan? I can get you the newer Falken 453 OK. Same Price! They will arrive Thursday or Friday FEDEX!  OK. Ring ring 1pm Thursday me calling DT just checking to see if my layaway tires arrived.  Not yet. OK.. Friday me calling again 1pm - Not yet.  Maybe Monday.  OH!  Can't wait need tires for trip. OK so we have another brand we can provide OK. Arrival on Saturday well the tires we had arent here. However we do have these tires for the same price. But wait we don't have those tires either. OK so we have other tires we can install Saturday.. WOW its almost over... We'll need an extra $23.00 to add to your drama. OMG!  Get me out of here... OK so I have the other other other tires on the car Saturday afternoon.  Monday 9AM ring ring its Discount Tire - We have your tires Falken 453.  Aaaah guys you installed the YOKO's remember. Returned the YOKO's today as they didn't have a matching pair for the rear FULL Refund.  Its finally over. Good times at DT.
5	I blew a tire today & needed to get a new set anyways so shopped around & ended up here after a recommendation. I spoke with Brandon & Jesse who were very courteous & professional. Brandon asked what kind of tires I wanted & I explained that I don't travel, just drive to work & I wasn't planning on keeping car for more than 2 years so no need to go all out. He beat Costco & Ted Wiens cheapest prices & had me in & out of there.  Thank you Brandon & Jesse for being so courteous & turning my bad morning into a good afternoon.
5	Had my van towed in because of a flat tire. I called ahead about the warranty. I was in and out in under 20 minutes. Awesome friendly staff. I'm glad I choose this discount tire to continue to do business with.
5	The guys at this here are always super helpful, they get everything done quick and easy. I even drive out of my way just to get to this location. Thank you Rocco, Julian, Jesus, john, and everyone else there. You guys are the best!!!!
5	The service techs here are always courteous, knowledgable and in my experience honest.I love the Discount Tire warranty which is relatively inexpensive and has saved me plenty of cash  as I tend to blow out the sidewalls of the tires on my F150.  I highly recommend this location.
5	Bought 4 new tires for our Tacoma from this Discount Tire location .... A Big High Five and 2 thumbs up for the service, friendliness, helpfulness, knowledge, price, clean facility, out in a timely manner, and a special recognition to Julian and Jesus ... I highly recommend Discount Tire on W Charleston ;-))
5	I have never experienced anything but friendly and helpful service every time I've been to either this location or Tropicana & Jones.I promise I'm not a shill, but when they try and upsell you the tire warranty, DO IT.  It was only $40 (if I remember right), but was probably the best investment I've ever made.  Any time I get a flat, I bring the car in and they either fix it for FREE in less than an hour, or replace the tire for just ten bucks!!
4	Kyle is great- car alert message came up today saying my tire pressure was low, pulled right into the bay and it shut off with the first tire he checked and filled. All were low about the same amount, let me know I need to be popping in about once a month for them to get checked.Was also able to tell me the age of my tires and assured me they were in good condition- purchased car used a year ago, good info to have.
5	Sadly (from a consumers standpoint) I feel like this is the last place that offers true customer service. Every time I'm in here I feel like they actually care. If there is a line the employees thank you for coming in and assure you someone will be with you soon. When it's your turn they Introduce themselves to you and even make small talk. The last 4 times I was here I didn't even buy anything, I just had air put in my tires and a nail taken out and repaired (for that they didn't even charge me). This past time I did need a new tire but there was no up selling or anything. Super nice employees. This place is ran right, which is why I drive  past at least 10 tire shops to come here. Thank you guys!! My only complaint is I wish they would do more then  tires!
5	Being in customer service myself, It's good to get the exact same service I give. A little expensive for just 2 tire replacements, but labor cost was completely reasonable and wait time was accurate. Buying a used car just a few months ago and having 2 tires blow at the same time was very frustrating, and having everything go right from start to finish here was very pleasant. Thank you guys again.
