4	Young and friendly Starbucks at the Eaton Centre. Came here daily during my stay in Montreal, and I enjoyed getting my mocha at this location very much. Many big comfy chairs, an area with chairs and tables at the other side of the bar, and a large enough outside patio. This convenient location is in the middle of the St. Catherine/McGill action with many shops and restaurants around. You can enter from the Eaton Centre or from the street.
5	I love this Starbucks (I love most Starbucks but this is my favourite in Montreal).  The service is the best and it's pretty and in a convenient location for me.   I wish it wasn't so busy so often but I was very impressed that, even though it's quite a newer location, they recently replaced a bunch of their comfy chairs with nice new clean ones.  The staff is really the best part though.
4	Good, fast service in the morning, however it seems that they do not offer the 3 types of coffee strengths like other Starbucks...Coffee tastes alright and the ambience is great just like any Starbucks :)
2	Location: Right smack in the middle of downtown. You can access it from McGill or via the Eaton center. This location is very small, and always packed during peak hours. It can be a real pain when you're in a hurry to get somewhere like, you know, work.Service: It's been hit or miss for me. Sometimes you get a friendly smile and sometimes you get Mr. or Ms. Crankypants. The service is slow and it doesn't always look like these guys have an organized system in place to process orders during peak times. Coffee: Personally, I have a mad dislike for their drip coffee. It's just gross. That said, their specialty coffees are nice - I like their Mocha and their Chai tea latte, and in comparison to Second Cup, they do make a great (regular) latte. If you're lactose-free, you can ask for soy, though there is a charge. Funny, since soy is usually cheaper than regular milk. Other stuff: I don't know who makes their brownies but they are damn good. Damn good I tell you! I do sometimes take a detour just to get one. As far as their other 'goodies' go, not so much of a fan. Also, they have coconut water and that makes me happy. I also love their Tazo Giant Peach and Green Tea bevvies. You can find those bottled up in the refrigerated section.I had to double-check this because previously, only Bell subscribers seemed to be able to access their wifi network for free, but according to their web site, they now offer free access to anyone and everyone. Definite perk.They finally built a deck (maybe 2 summers ago?) right out on McGill, so you can sit back and enjoy your non-drip specialty coffee on a nice sunny day. Great place to people watch.The music doesn't suck. I rated this a 2 because of the crowds and slow service, and because I won't go out of my way to go to a Starbucks if I have another option.
