4	Discovering Thai Basil has been one of the better restaurant experiences I've had in Tempe. Unlike many other restaurants so close to ASU, Thai Basil is not part of a chain or simply college food. The prices are reasonable though, and the place always seems packed with a diverse-age crowd. Sometimes this can be a problem as Thai Basil seems a little understaffed in the kitchen, and I've had to wait a half-an-hour for appetizers to appear at peak weekend hours.It's always worth the wait though. The Tom Kha Gai Soup is excellent, as are the calamari, fish, and noodle dishes. I like to explore a menu, and I've never been disappointed here. Unlike some Thai places I've been, Thai Basil serves up nicely-sized portions, and they do ask (as seems to be the norm out here, but not back East) at what level of spice should your dish be prepared. Easilly the best Thai food I've had in Tempe, I would heartilly recommend Thai Basil even if it's slightly off the Mill festivus.
4	On my first trip to Thai Basil, I was lucky enough to try the green curry with tofu. Hands down, the best Thai dish I've ever had, and I've eaten a LOT of Thai food. Literally, I have dreams about this green curry. I can't attest to any other dishes, as I've only been twice and had the green curry both times. But, wow. It's perfect.
5	Excellent Thai food.  I have had the Thai Basil and Green Curry.  I like the low lighting atmosphere.  Some asian music usually plays in the background.  Another reviewer mentioned long wait for food, but I've never had that experience.
4	Thai Basil straddles the middle ground between Pei Wei and Malee's on Main. The prices are probably the most memorable thing about this restaurant.  At $6.95, Thai Basil might be the cheapest Thai dinner I've had.  The food is good also.  The vegetables are fresh, the sauces and curries are powerful and tasty.  As some others have noted, the biggest problem with the food is that there's nothing to say about it.  It's not bad at all.  In fact, the Thai Basil Chicken and Spicy Noodles were both quite good.  However, they taste much like every other Thai place I've been to.  The food is good, but not a standout.I will offer one complaint.  The restaurant is small.  Too small for the number of tables and waitstaff.  The result is a relatively cramped feeling.  Last time I ate there, my company and I were hustled out of the restaurant to make room for more patrons.
4	Does anyone remember when Mill Avenue used to be a fun place to hang out? Yeah, neither do I, but I've been told from the horse's mouth (sorry to call you a horse, Mr. Man) that it used to be a hip and happening place with plenty of small, custom shops and dives instead of the now ubiquitous mega-corporate whorebaggery. Luckily, you have only to travel a little bit further west on University to steep yourself in that old school neighborhood feel. Thai Basil gets big stars for being one of these homey neighborhood joints. Along with El Pollo, Tops, Tempe Bicycle, HTC, Otto's, Headquarters, Buffalo, etc., this locally owned restaurant has consistently provided inviting ambiance, wonderful service and delicious food for pennies compared to anything on Mill.I just finished my leftover red curry chicken just before I wrote this, and it was every bit as savory and rich as it was last night (just make sure to put the leftover sticky rice in a plastic bag or it'll get crusty). The fragrance and flavor of all their curries (red, green, yellow, and peanut) is if not unmatched, pretty damn close to the best offered at any Thai place I've dined. Thick, al dente, crinkle cut carrots, bamboo shoots, green beans, broccoli, zucchini, red and green peppers with tender choice of meat afloat in savory coconut milk that suspends the perfect amount of earthy spice and hot chili to ensure that the meal dances on your taste buds.My favorite dishes aside, just about everything on the menu at Thai Basil has proved to be exemplary. The Thai Basil is their signature dish and certainly doesn't skimp on its namesake fresh basil and thick flavorful sauce. The Pad Thai is sure as hell better than what's offered at Bamboo Club, with ample crushed peanuts and noodles that don't turn into a puddle of goo once the dish cools. The Garlic Pork has a lighter sauce that still manages all the fragrance and flavor of its more syrupy counterparts. The papaya salad is crisp, citric, sweet and spicy, an excellent accompaniment to a rich meal. Or try the crispy spring rolls that manage to be filling despite their humble size. The chicken satay with peanut sauce is also a very good choice for picky eaters (or kiddos), although they'll truly miss out on the more complex flavors of this amazing food. Thai Basil is a fairly small restaurant with dark wood tables that are all very closely spaced to ensure the maximum number of people can be seated. There is booth seating along the back and stretching the length of one side, while high tables and chairs are located in the windowed area facing Farmer. The decorations are sparse but complement the overall Asian feel, with bamboo accessories, knick knacks and family pictures decorating the walls. The richly colored, metallic embroidered skirt/pants worn by the waitresses are also for sale if you're looking for something special to spice up your wardrobe.Despite its small size, I've never experienced the long wait times that others have when I come here. The servers have always been very attentive and quick to refill a glass or take my order, and are honest with their opinion when asked what they enjoy on the menu. I don't generally go here on busy nights though, and the hours I attend are either early or late evening, so maybe I avoid the hectic rush, because the kitchen is pretty small. At least you know you're getting fresh Thai from the folks who know it best as a result. If you don't have a lot of time to wait and just want a quick dinner, it's also possible to phone in your order or walk in, order, visit the shops around the restaurant and return in ten minutes to a piping hot order.Try out the lunch specials! They're a great deal and they get you in and out within the hour. Although this is the one time of the day I've been when it's a bit on the slow side, since the entire restaurant is always packed. But the crowd is oddly well staggered since I've never seen anyone waiting for a table. For about eight bucks you get a small salad with tangy sweet vinaigrette, a spring roll with sweet and sour sauce, and your choice of dish with a ball of rice on the side. It's usually enough so I have one extra lunch leftover, compared to the two lunches I usually have with the regular dinner dishes. One thing I've noticed over time is that their "hot" really isn't that hot, so if you like it spicy, make sure to specify. Thai Basil is a comfortable neighborhood restaurant that attracts the type of customers Mill Avenue only wishes it could, loyal ones. As Mill whores itself out to the highest corporate bidder, I envision the property owners diving through coins like Scrooge McDuck and doing their best impression of Mr. Burns'. But the obscene retail rent checks signed reflects the boost in product price and the blandness of corporate hegemony. It's a relief for this starving-but-no-longer-student to support a local eatery by driving just a little west of that circus.
3	Thai Basil is alright, not great but alright. I ordered the Pad-see-ew and the weirdest thing is that the noodles were tasty and delicious but all the veggies and chicken were pretty well tasteless. Plus, my medium to hot dish was much more mild to no spice. However, my iced Thai coffee was delicious and the service was very friendly, they even went to find me when I stepped out to Tops while waiting. Also, the the prices are very reasonable, my whole meal was less than 10 bucks.So, ok for now, I'll try some more dishes and hopefully be more excited.
3	Good, yet not spectacular, Thai food.  The combination sampler had tasty, greasy fried spring rolls in a lovely sweet and sour sauce.  Chicken skewers in peanut sauce and fried potatoes.  I enjoyed them all but that part of the meal was not extremely impressive.My husband and I both ordered the Red Curry with a spicy level of hot and our friend ordered the Garlic Chicken.  While the red curry was pretty good, it definitely was not hot, so get the extra hot if you are serious about your spiciness.  Service was prompt but note that they do not have a liquor license so don't ask for booze.  This was a great, quick place to grab some dinner but falls a little short compared to other Thai cuisine I have had.
2	"Honey I Shrunk the Lunch Specials and the Restaurant, too!" is more apropos of a name for Thai Basil. Now don't get me wrong, I like Thai Basil.  The food is decent and the interior is nice, but the tables/diners seem to be squished elbow-to-elbow New York style. Spartan, but slightly upscale, this restaurant ALWAYS seems to have a wait.  The yellow curry here is my favorite with a delicious balance of coconut, spice, carrots chicken and potatoes.  I can't ever seem to get enough, and I really mean that.  The portions here are small, and while lunch portions are expectedly small, portions elsewhere (at Chanpen Thai, for example) are larger and less expensive. Elsewhere the Thai BBQ chicken comes with 1/2 a chicken, but at Thai Basil they give you three lonely strips like cheapos!  The massaman curry and pad thai are pretty good too, but I feel they're just OK.  I've had better.Service is hit or miss here.  One thing that's consistent: they always seem to be understaffed. Once when I was dining alone (at a 4-person table) they had the nerve to ask me to move while in the middle of eating, to a 2-person table. To me, Thai Basil is style over substance.  Not impressed.  Next.
4	Finally something in Tempe that doesn't think all customers are drunken, poor college students. Not that I'm making fun of them, I was one of them. and when I was I also didn't really care about the quality and overall taste of food.Thai Basil is fairly small, often cramped, somewhat noisy, but always tasty. They are one of the best in town for tofu dishes.The curry dishes are also quite tasty. Overall, a great find in Tempe.
4	While not the absolute best Thai in town, I really enjoyed my dinner tonight at Thai Basil. I read about the possible wait, and at 5:30 I was able to choose any table I wanted. Inside it is very clean, small but cute. We started off the meal with Crispy Sweet Potato and it was good... I wish my dining partner would have wanted the Spring Rolls though. She ordered the Sweet and Sour Beef, while I ordered the Vegetarian Green Curry with Tofu, Vegetarian Fried Rice and Vegetarian Pad Thai. Everything I had was delicious... and my dining partner enjoyed the vegetarian fare I ordered too. The only thing that I can note is that when I ordered "Thai Hot", I got a dish that was medium to mild, no sweating issues for me. Definitely worth a visit if eating your way Thai around town.
5	"No spice", "small lunch special", waaaah . . . ignore all the babies.  They've never even had real Thai food.  Thai Basil is effing awesome.  And so is the family that owns the place. Now, before all you haters get your panties in a bunch over the 5 stars, read what I have to say-- Thai Basil is not the cleanest, most well decorated Thai restaurant.  And it's not even the best Thai I've ever had.  But it's great food and the best Thai I've had in AZ.  And for the cheap price, awesome, flavorful food, friendly staff and large dinner portions, I give them 5 stars.Highly recommend the peanut curry, pad Thai and pretty much everything else!
4	I went to Thai Basil by myself today for lunch about 12:30. Ordered Peanut Curry (Panang) with tofu and no broccoli (personal preference) and a thai ice tea.  I got to choose my level of "heat" - I said "as hot as possible."The total came to just under $10 and less than 10 minutes later my food was ready.Panang is one of my favorite thai dishes and its typically the first thing I order when going to a new thai restaurant.  Thai Basil's version of it had a thick sauce, which I love, and the tofu seemed to be grilled or cooked in some way that gave it a nice firm and chewy texture.  The meal also comes with rice (I took mine white) and a spring roll with that spicy clear-orange dipping sauce.  It was delicious.  The vegetables that came with the panang were big hearty pieces that were well cooked, not too soggy or hard.  The thai ice tea was thick and yummy, an excellent way to wash down the panang.  That being said, for ordering my dish "very hot" it was not all that spicy.  I'd say it was moderate, but I have a high spice tolerance.I was surprised to see there was seating available in the peak of lunch hour, and next time I go, and there will be a next time, I'll bring some friends and grab a seat. The seating inside the restaurant is kind of cramped, I had to scoot out of the way to let the waitress's pass when I walked to and from the counter.
5	Phenomenal! Their curry is amazing! I love Thai food, and so far, this is one of the better places I have found in Phoenix.  Enjoy!
4	Solid Thai; like other reviewers, they can REALLY increase the level of their heat especially if ordered dishes to be Thai Hot. Unlike my previous review, I consider TB to be one of the better in town and have been back numerous times.
3	(Disclaimer: I don't know much about what authentic Thai food tastes like, having never been to Thailand... But here's my subjective opinion of Thai Basil.)I just moved nearby this place, so I've been a few times over the last couple weeks. It's pretty good-- I've been in a noodle mood, so I've tried the spicy noodles, pad see ew, and pad thai (all with tofu). The spicy noodles were alright, but I was surprised to see they were made with skinny (linguine-width) noodles... Back home in NY, similar dishes always came with wide noodles.  But the flavor of the spicy noodles was pretty good, and I appreciated the generous amount of basil (makes sense, given the restaurant's name). Thinking I could assure myself wide noodles the next time, I ordered the see ew. But no! To be fair, they were wider, but still only about one cm wide-- where are the awesome monster noodles I love so much? It tasted ok, but didn't really compare to my favorite versions from home. The sauce was kind of boring, and it had normal broccoli instead of chinese. Eh.Giving Thai Basil one more shot, I went back and got some pad thai for take out the other day. Now, this is where they shine, in my mind-- it was quite yummy, with lots of crushed peanuts and scallions and an overall a nice balance of flavors. The tofu was also fried just right. (Full disclosure: I did add a dash Thai fish sauce to the dish at home, just to pump up the taste a little bit...It doesn't seem to have any of those little dried shrimp bits in it, sadly, so I figured the fish sauce might help compensate for the lack of brine. It worked. Wish they used the dried shrimp, but this will do for now.)The inside of the restaurant is pleasant by Tempe standards (as I've observed them so far), and the service was quite friendly both when I dined in and got take-out. It's the kind of place you could feel comfortable eating alone or with six friends, no sweat.So that's the verdict-- decent Thai, certainly edible enough to satisfy a craving without leaving the neighborhood. Earth-shatteringly good? No. But the pad thai will probably end up being a frequent order for me because of the convenience factor. Now if only they delivered...!
5	I cannot get enough of this place.  Especially when I was hipped to the Thai hot secret.  It's very inexpensive, and they have the best Thai Iced Tea, which I could drink 3 glasses of if I didn't know any better.I can't stop rocking the red curry.
5	I love this place.  I am completely biased, and you should consider this review totally biased.  I love the people, I love the food, I love everything about it.  That said...Every plate of everything is delicious, and if you get it 'Thai Hot', expect to sweat.  They offer mild, medium, hot, and thai hot.  They don't openly tell people about 'Thai Hot' because it's serious business, and you will have digestive problems the next day as a result, I promise.Either way, everything is delicious and wonderful.  The staff are enormously friendly and know me by name.  The place is nicely decorated, and it is great for a first date.  Check it out and enjoy, but be careful during lunch as it can get busy and have a wait.
5	Okay, so I just moved here two months ago from the Bay Area where we have a big Thai population thus resulting in a large Thai food restaurant population. Anyways, I'm a big fan of the stuff and figured here in burrito land there would be nothing decent from Asia. Wrong.After reading some reviews I gave it a shot and was more than satisfied. Good food, good portions.... sums up the food. The service was marginal with my requesting for water and all, but the guy was nice and gave us some free rice upon my price inquiry. I will most certainly be returning, hopefully to more hospitable service, and hope to soon refer to this as "the place I always go". I definitely advise Thai Basil to anyone in question.
5	College meets expat atmosphere, truly great food, excellent service and fun decor. -took a friend who never had Thai before, we had: Tom Ka Gai, Sticky rice w Mango, Thai Iced Tea and some yumi chicken vegi thing...it was a success!I now have a partner in Thai!Cheers!
4	Drove by a thousand times. Stopped in today, and most likely tomorrow.Never have been to a Thai Basil before, which is strange because I do absolutely love Thai cuisine. Stopped in last night with my girlfriend for a dinner break from studying. Just wanted a quick bite to eat and got much more.The menu was large and honestly hard to choose from. After several minutes trying to decide on a choice, I struck up a conversation with a friendly patron to my right and she recommended the egg noodle stir fry with chicken. Trusting her, I ordered it and within 5 minutes I had a large, hot plate of it sitting in front of me. At the same time my girl landed herself some fried sweet potato skins with a delicious dipping sauce. Both of use enjoyed every last bite of the meal. We topped off the dinner break with what else for a college student on a study break?!? The Thai Coffee. It is served iced and taste somewhere between chocolate milk, and burned coffee. Sound kinda weird? well it kinda took me by surprise, but we enjoyed every last drop. Since this wonderful, new found Basil explosion is so close and I will definitely be back soon. Maybe tomorrow...Btw... I heart basil
2	Had lunch here before attending the Dec. Yelp Hours at Cartel down the street.  $6.95 Green curry w/ chicken called my name.  It's a good thing the server took my order before I had a chance to wait much longer- the noise level was driving me up the walls!  Sure, it was during lunch, but I've been here during dinner, too, and even though there were only four or five tables going at that time, the noise level was high.Veggie soup with tofu came in a small bowl.  Lightly-salted, fresh-tasting, perfect to get the juices flowing.  Soon after, a plate with jasmine rice, an oval bowl of green curry, and a small eggroll arrived.  Took a bite of eggroll and was disappointed to see * in the mix.  This is the first time I've seen * in eggrolls served in a Thai restaurant... Thai coworkers tell me that's not the norm.  (Another inauthentic dish served here is their pad woon sen- silver-bean noodles with veggies, tofu/chicken, and egg.  TB serves it dripping with sauce when it should be on the dry side.)Curry sauce was good, but looked too watery and not silky enough.  Medium-spiced, perfectly light.  However, the noise level, soggy pad woon sen, and eggrolls with * will keep me away.
4	Went to Thai Basil today for lunch for the first time and loved it. I got the sweet nut curry (chicken) with jasmine rice and a nice tall glass of jasmine iced tea.The food was great and the service was fine. I have read reviews here that the service is poor, which I personally did not witness, although the place was packed.The only complaint I have is that there wasn't enough rice for me - then again, I am sort of a pig when it comes to jasmine rice.Would recommend Thai Basil if you like curry/Thai
4	I miss working in downtown Tempe. My boss and I would go here at LEAST once a week. I won't fail to mention that I now work within walking distance from LGO, Radio, and Chelsea's.and deluxe is only a few miles..... The atmosphere isn't that great, and the service is spotty.... (they do offer to go) If you go for lunch, either come early or late, don't try to hit it right at high noon, or you'll be waiting (sometimes outside) for a while. The thai iced tea is good Their lunch specials are well priced and come with an egg roll (which didn't ever have corn in it, but this might be something new) and usually starts off with soup or salad (i think they rotate soup/salad depending on our seasons)The pad thai is nutty and good. I REALLY wish they had a Green Mango Salad with Dried Shrimp, but...If you don't know what to eat, then try the thai basil (their signature dish); it's always a good fall back if you don't like...... THE CURRY. The curries. Ahhh - these get their own paragraph. I've never been a huge fan of yellow curry (don't like the potatoes...) but their red curry, sweet nut curry (which is red), and green curry are phenomenal. In a class of it's own is the green curry. I am in love with the green curry. You can get this green curry with tofu, chicken, beef, pork, or shrimp. I usually get it with tofu or shrimp, but I've had it with chicken and pork, and both are great. If so inclined, TOPS Liquors is located in the same plaza. They have a wonderful selection of beer..but that's a different review.
4	Thai Basil was my first experience eating Thai food... I must say, I really loved it. There is absolutely zero atmosphere, and there seems to be very little seating... but to be honest I'd still happily go and eat there rather than have take-out, it's just that good! Now all I have to do is make friends who actually like Thai, since all of mine apparently don't.
4	After driving by this place a million times on my way to and from work, I finally got my chance to eat here yesterday for lunch with my work pals.I really cannot complain about anything.  I loved my garlic vegetable dish with chili sauce and chicken.  The atmosphere was great and the place was very clean.  They never did ask if I wanted anything to drink, but I overlooked that since I was satisfied with water.  Prices were very reasonable....I really don't have anything negative to say. (there is a switch)  Now I have a new place to have lunch....
5	Thai Basil is the best Thai food I have ever had.  If you are a fan of Thai or have never tried it..it doesn't matter because you will love it.  My favorite thing is the Peanut Curry (Spicy).  It is so flavorful and large portions.  The service is very quick and they remember you when you come back.  One of the best restaurants in the Valley!!!
4	I'm not a huge Thai fan but I decided to take a chance and come eat here.I absolutely fell in love and now I crave Thai food all the time! The thai basil with tofu is so good! It has tons of various veggies all in a sauce that bursts with so many complimentary flavors. I warn you to be careful on how hot you order it because at times, my food has been so spicy but so good that my mouth was saying stop but my stomach was making me keep eating. Their spring rolls are really good as well.
5	Love it!!! I lived within blocks of this restaurant for over a year before I tried it, which was my mistake.  My friends and I have a theory that they drug their food because it is so addictive.  Their Green Curry is heavenly and I go back & forth between getting it with Chicken or Tofu.  The Thai Basil is good too.  Try the spring rolls. The take out portions are not skimpy, and the veggies are always fresh & perfectly cooked. This restaurant is one of my favorites.
5	I do not eat here often enough.  This was my 3rd visit and I like it more and more each time.  There was no wait for our party of 4, the service was friendly and fast, and the food was delicious.  I have only eaten at a handful of Thai restaurants in my life, but this one is among the best.We all shared a hot and sour soup to start.  It was very good and plenty for us all.  I like it that you can choose the type of meat and/or seafood to include, but we opted for the tofu.  Next time I would like to get maybe some beef and/or shrimp.  I also like it that you are able to choose the level of spiciness of the soup.  We opted for hot ,but next time I'm going to get it a bit more spicy.For an entree I ordered the yellow curry with beef made at the "hot" level of spiciness.  It was excellent though next time I am going to get it a bit spicier.  I think it is called "double hot".  Anyway, I licked my plate clean.The other members of my party ordered equally delicious dishes.  I sampled the Thai fried rice and the Thai Basil (their signature dish) and they were both excellent.  My curry dish was by far the best though.The bill for 4 people was about $50 before tip which is not bad at all for excellent food, good portions and good service.  I will definitely be back again!
5	This place is worth the wait! [and I'm not a fan of asianesque food]I recently went with a friend for lunch and we waited 20 minutes for a table but once seated we were promptly served the lunch soup. I ordered the chili garlic with brown rice. Per usual, I ordered it 'hot, extra hot'. They delivered, my food was spicy and delicious. My friend sneak a bit from plate and almost threw up, he couldn't take the hotness. As we were leaving he said he was 'breaking a sweat' as his mouth simmered down from my chili garlic.  The food and service were great if you don't mind the wait.
5	Best Thai in Tempe!The people are soooo friendly and everything is delicious!  Definitely get the spring rolls, coconut soup, any curry, pad thai, chili garlic veggies... really everything is fantastic!    I could eat their green or peanut curry everyday!Everything always comes out hot, is fresh, and is consistently amazing!One tip:  If you order curry, I do think you get more if you order it to-go!
4	It's hard to find perfectly executed Panang Curry, but Thai Basil is a consistent winner.  Occasionally their sauce is a little runnier than I prefer, but the flavor is always excellent.  I've tried a couple of other items on their menu as well, but I love the curry dish so much I rarely order anything else.  It's definitely worth the wait or call in for carry out.  Lunch pricing is reasonable too.  Only four stars because it's just too darn small in there and for the inconsistent sauce prep.  Overall a great place to get Thai food in Tempe.
4	For lunch, arrive by 11:30, or expect to wait for a seat. Service is a bit slow (understandably, given how busy they are), but it's fine as long as you aren't in a hurry. The Garlic Chicken and Spicy Noodles dishes are my favorites. Since the chicken pieces are over-large for the dishes, I usually order the tofu. I've visited for lunch several times and have never been disappointed.
1	Food-wise, I think this place may have deserved 2 stars. I'm from the Bay Area, and the Thai food there is delicious!The coconut soup wasn't what i expected-- the taste was okay, though a bit watery. I liked the lemongrass in it.  then we had Rama's Favorite, which was basically beef with peanut sauce. more like peanut butter-- the peanut was overpowering. the WORST part was the food poisoning-- both my fiance and i subsequently got vomiting, nausea, and diarrhea. i even had to bring him to the ER, it was so bad. I see Thai Basil is generally well reviewed here on Yelp, so maybe it was just an off day? but just warning you-- something we ate there was bad, and I think it was the Rama's Favorite.
4	Was in Phoenix for business for 3 loooong weeks. Saw this place after I ate at some other place in Tempe....Looked crowded and checked it out on Yelp.Pretty good Thai food, Pad thai is yummy (imo) however the curry was kinda watery.  It didn't taste like it had coconut milk in it....That's just me though. I've made Thai curry (or at least my hubby has) and it had a much thicker consistency with a stronger coconut flavor.  Other dishes are good and they are reasonably priced. If I ever have to go Phoenix again for business (and I hope not) I will stop by this place.  One other thing, usually Thai places have a spice rack, this one didn't have one. I'm used to have a vinegar mixture of garlic and thai peppers, some hot chili flakes, some soy sauce with ginger and green onions and jalepenos.
5	This place is awesome. I've honestly never had Thai food this good (though admittedly I've only eaten Thai food a few places in Phoenix and in San Francisco).  Their Pad See Ew is amazing and their curry is awesome as well. This is actually the only place where I can even eat the curry (all other curry I've tried has been disgusting), so it's possible they make it slightly differently.Their prices have gone up slightly in the past few years, but it is still very reasonable money-wise. Overall one of Tempe's best restaurants, I'd say.
3	This place was WAY more Americanized than I expected from reading the reviews.  It wasn't bad, but it wasn't anywhere close to authentic.  To start with, none of the dishes in their appetizer sampler actually tasted like Thai food.  It was just fried/grilled things with a side of peanut sauce and plum sauce.  I ordered their Pad See Ew, and I don't know if they used different noodles or just didn't cook them long enough, but they were smaller and a different consistency from what Pad See Ew normally is.  I also asked for it medium spicy, which at a Thai restaurant should mean it carries a moderate risk of death.  It was extremely bland; I think I've eaten bacon that was spicier.So to summarize:  not bad, but not authentic.
4	This location is a pleasant, "cozy" restaurant that can fill up fast during rush hours. Call ahead, or get take out if it's packed. The food is very good; the signature dish that gives the restaurant its name is my favorite. Thai food is traditionally spicy. You know this. You expect this. You want this. On my last visit, I ordered my food at the "medium" level, and it was not spicy at all. Certainly not "Thai medium." Are they holding back? Plus, Thai always makes the BEST leftovers. I purposely save a portion of my dish every time just so I can have it stew in its own juices for 24 hours and reheat it the next day. YES. ...Is that weird?
2	OK, I have only been here one time.  And that was the last time.  Sat down and looked at the menu.  I saw the mixed seafood plate which comes with shrimp, scallops, fish fillet and squid.  I asked my waiter how it was prepared.         He answered, "in a sweet and sour sauce."  Me: "sweet and sour sauce?" (incredulously)         Waiter: "Well, mostly sour sauce." "Are you sure?"        "No, not really."  "Can you please go ask?"I ended up ordering it as it usually is prepared in some fantastic basil/thai chili paste sauce that I love.  It arrived, just as advertised, in a lemon, fish sauce, chili-flakes concoction.  The scallops pieces were microscopic, the few squid rings were rubbery, and the fish fillet was gross--all on a bed of lettuce to distract you from the real size of your $13 or$14 entree.  The sauce was as simple, and uninspired, as explained to me by the newly-informed waiter.  The amount of fish was disappointing.  The sauce was below average.  I am only giving this place 2 stars, instead of one, because if I lived here, I might be forced to return.  There don't seem to be many Thai restaurants in the area.
5	This place offers excellent Thai cuisine. They offer every dish in multiple levels (or degrees) of heat. I always get Thai hot, as I love spicy food, and they never disappoint. I've had terrible or mediocre experiences with some Thai restaurants in other cities, but this place is excellent. I recommend the signature dish, Thai Basil, as well as their Pad Thai and Red Curry. There are multiple locations, including Central Phoenix and Ahwatukee. If I have anything bad to say about the restaurant, it would be that the University location is pretty small and when the Fall or Spring semesters at ASU are in session it can get packed quickly.
5	This is currently my favorite restaurant in the Scottsdale/Tempe area.  I really have not been able to stay away since going there for my first time in December.  Their coconut soup with tofu is amazing --- sweet with bit of a lasting bite.  Tofu can be subbed into all of their dishes, so it is an excellent vegetarian restaurants.  Their curries are particularly good.  I've had a number of dishes there and I have never been disappointed.  They ask you how spicy you would like your meal.  The spiciest option has a nice flavor and a bit of a burn, but it is not overwhelming.  Lunch specials costing around $8 come with a spring roll and soup.  Dinner is slightly more expensive.
3	I don't really have much to say about this place.  There's nothing wrong with it, but their dishes don't "pop" for me.  They are not very flavorful (crazy for a thai place, right?) and I often find myself adding Fish Sauce and Chili just to get it to be good.  Lunch prices are fair, food seems fresh and service is great.  My coworkers LOVE this place and I enjoy their company, so I tag along.Best part is they have soy milk for their Thai Tea.  For me, it's the best part of the meal.
3	The Yelp description for 3 stars fits this place pretty well...it's A-OK. It's not the best Thai in the Valley, and certainly not worth driving out of your way for, but if you feel like Thai and you're in Tempe, it's good. A word of warning: no alcohol is served...so if you're craving a Thai beer, this isn't the place for you. The combo appetizer is very good, as is the panang. The pad thai is just okay. Service is friendly, but a little slow on refilling drinks, to the point where you need to walk up to the counter to ask for more water.
3	I was craving yellow curry since I came back from a vac-kay in Hawaii.  The only thing I ordered here was the chicken yellow curry. I thought it was a little on the sweet side with no spice at all. The guy who took my order didnt ask for a spice level, but I assumed there would be a hint of it. I was wrong! It was ok. Lunch seemed a little expensive to me. I also ordered a Thai iced tea. It was like tea and cream on ice. I thought that was way too sweet also. Overall the food was tasty, but just missing the kick of spice. The restaurant is small and quaint, but traditionally decorated.
3	Oh yes. And the search for the best Thai establishment in the valley continues. As usual, I was craving Thai tonight. Not that this is really a surprise. I wanted something decadent and full of flavor, spices, and heat. Due to talking I believe, we passed Thai Elephant which is what I intended to try and instead hit Thai Basil. I do have to give them props for having a seriously cute interior in a small plaza establishment. I was told that it's usually packed, which might've scared me considering how small it actually was. However tonight it was pretty slow. I ordered cashew chicken hot. The sticky rice was perfection and the cashew chicken was definitely hot. However, I didn't get all the flavor I have from other Thai places. I left wanting a little more in the way of flavor and spices. However, the dish was very fresh and healthy. I'll probably give it another try. Hoping it was just the dish I chose that was lacking spice and flavor.
4	I LOVE Thai Basil!!!! Staff is very friendly we are repeat customers and always recognize us.... I love that! I have tried almost everything on the menu and there is not ONE dish I do not like.  That never happens... EVER!!  The only issues I have with this establishment which are not communicated at all; the food comes out at seperate times, sometimes u r waiting while the rest of your table has their dinner, also the staff is really really really slow.  But that has not deterred me from the amazing food!!!!!!!!!!!
5	AUTHENTIC & tasteful! Friendly service, frequent refills, will go out of their way to accomedate! Always get the yellow curry (amazing) & traditional pad thai (equally amazing) and to top it off- fried banana with honey & ice cream. HEAVEN IS REALLY A PLACE ON EARTH!
4	Good warm soup for a cold day! I don't remember the name but it had mushrooms. Tried a bit of the thai basil chicken and also had a good taste. A small, cozy place, with good service and happy costumers. Good to share with groups.
4	Tonight must be a good night! 3rd review.  I've had too much time to eat. :(Thai Basil.  An addiction I've gained from my last college dorm room mate.  It makes me sick as hell to eat it, but the yellow curry is AMAZING.  I don't even want Tofu in it, cause it ruins the coconut goodness.  Aside from the flaming hot veggies, it's pretty good on top of the jasmine rice.  The great part is, they give you more than enough to take home...and it's not bad cold either.  Asian food is never bad cold the next day *grins* The ice coffee and thai tea looks awesome...little too spicy for me. of course they choose to open one right next to my old dorm AFTER I leave. Typical Thai Basil...Typical. Try it out, it's yummy! Great for veggies and Vegans...even you poser vegans...you know who you are. Night!
4	Great vege. friendly place to eat. Lots of options here. Consistent quality food. My favorites are spring rolls, pad broccoli, peanut curry, pad Thai. The garlicky soup with tofu is fucking amazing...To drink definitely go for the Thai ice tea. My only complaint is every time i leave this place my clothing fucking stinks like the food i had eaten. You'll see what I'm talking about when you're driving home or chilling at your place. Change clothing and do some bong rips.
3	Ate here a couple of weeks ago around noon on a Saturday.  Upon entering the place, we were pleasantly surprised by the cute atmosphere.  The waitresses there are pretty friendly and served with a smile.  Our party of three ordered from their lunch specials:* Spicy noodles with pork * Spicy Thai basil with ground chicken* Eggplant with tofuThe portions were huge, considering that it was lunchtime.  We ate family style, so I was able to taste all three.  We requested all three dishes made spicy, and in terms of the level of spice, I rate them as medium-spicy.  The spicy pork noodles were flavorful and moist, the Thai basil chicken was good (not great), and the eggplant and tofu dish was kind of flavorless.  The cook could have left out the broccoli and bamboo, and added a bit more ground chicken and basil to the Thai basil dish, and it would have appealed to me more.We ordered two Thai iced teas and one Thai iced coffee.  The drinks came in long, tall glasses...well worth the price for each drink.  The Thai iced tea was good, but the iced coffee was too sweet and had a weird aftertaste. Oh yeah, they serve this cabbage and tofu soup (flavorful) as a pre-courser to your entrees.    Overall, the food was good for a quick lunch, but nothing to write home about.  The price for each dish was around $7-$8.
3	I have been here a few times; the first couple of times I was into it, especially the sweet potato appetizer.  But the last few times I have visited, it has been very underwhelming, and with so many other Thai restaurants popping up in the area, there are better options.  On my last visit I ordered Rama's Favorite, and I found it to be inedible.  It tasted like boiled beef in a peanut sauce that was somehow laking the peanut flavor....gross!  The Thai Basil chicken also seemed to have lost some of its previous greatness.  If I were to be coerced into dining here again, I would stick to something simple and safe like the Pad Thai.
4	Thai Basil has become a lunchtime staple for me and my coworkers. It's not my favorite thai place in town but for a quick, filling lunch for under $10 this place is great.I usually rotate through my three favorites - the pad thai, the thai basil and the thai basil seafood. Every entree is served with a bowl of soup, a generous portion of rice and a small but tasty eggroll. it's not uncommon to have leftovers or to head back to work stuffed.The place is small and tends to fill up at lunchtime but we've never had to wait real long if we have to wait at all. The service is quick, we can get in and out in under an hour.
4	It is always nice to find a place that can make just about any dish with tofu as the main protein. This means a vegetarian like me can choose from any dish on the menu.  Despite this flexibility I tend towards the red curry. I get this as hot as they will make it with out an argument ensuing, which is usually pretty decent on the heat scale. It is a great medley of crisp vegetables in a creamy coconut milk base red curry. The tofu is the fried style which adds an interesting textural variety to the standard tofu.The lunch specials come with a small salad, a small soring roll and a little slice of watermelon all in the $7 range. Service is decent, my water received frequent refills as i tend to drink quite a bit with spicy food. Parking here can be a bit tight at high times, and there also may be s small wait. If there is a wait go to the liquor next store to find an amazing beer selection.
5	Excelllent thai food. I have been to a couple of thai restaraunts in Tempe. None of them compare to Thai Basil. The staff was friendly. The food was excellent. I am normally a noodle guy and usually substitute rice for noodles but not there. Their rice is fantastic. Highly recommended.
4	Great place to have a quick, affordable, filling and delicious meal!! I have been to this particular Thai Basil many times, both lunch and dinner. The food is always tasty, and service is great!My favorite is the Red Curry (red pepper, bamboo shoots, carrots, green bean, basil in coconut milk base soup) with Chicken (I have at least ordered 5 out of 6 times I was here, it's that good!!!), and I usually have it in medium spicy. I ordered this again for tonight's dinner, and we also tried the Fried Banana and Ice Cream with Honey for dessert, sweet and delish!!
2	This place is fair and I would have given it a 3 stars but when I float my little mousy cursery arrowy deal over the 3rd star it reads "A-OK" and I'm not really feelin' that. This place is definitely a lot of effin' hype. Sure the food is not bad (no sparkley magically taste-bud juice inspirings going on though) and the lunch prices seem fair but if you try to lunch there it's really obnoxious and definitely not wheelchair accessible. The place is not set up for relaxed dining. Seems more of a here's your gruel now gimme yo' money and GTFO! please *bow with no eye contact* thank you *bow with no eye contact* kinda place. For Thai in Tempe Lemon Grass is so much more tempting and tantalizing and in every terrific kind of way. It's almost like a happy ending tabletop side but you know you have clothes on and are eating food and drinking tea and clean up with warn wash clothe isn't as messy.
4	I'm glad I discovered this place.  In the past couple weeks I've tried the ginger, pad thai, tom kah, and tom yum (all with tofu).  Each was delicious, except that I would have preferred that the pad thai be made with more peanut sauce.  Their menu offers peanut sauce on the side for $1.00, and I'd suggest getting extra if you enjoy the peanut flavor of pad thai.I'm looking forward to trying many other dishes -- I love thai food.
4	I went here to just grab a quick to-go lunch. I got the Pad Thai with chicken cooked with no heat. You can have the options to have the Pad Thai mild or spicy hot. I was feeling timid so got the mild.The Pad Thai was awesome! I really liked the sauce they use as it is on the sweet side which I particularly like. If you'd like to see a picture of what I ate, you can see it on my food blog: http://bit.ly/bkrvl3My to-go lunch Pad Thai + egg roll was $7.55 with tax which to me is a real bargain. I will definitely come back here for lunch or dinner to try other dishes.
4	I went here for dinner a few days ago but for some reason didn't read my previous review before my visit so I forgot to order my dish 'double hot'.  I ordered the "Garlic" with beef and brown rice.  I ordered it hot but it wasn't hot enough.  Next time for sure I'm getting double hot.Anyway, the dish had plenty of flavor, the meet was tender and the veggies fresh.  It was very good and not too unhealthy.I do have 2 complaints though.1.  Why can't they get a soda fountain instead of service it in cans?  I drink a ton of diet coke and hate spending like $5 on each can they make me buy.  WTF.2.  Our meals came out one at a time and I'm not sure why.  10 minutes must have passed between when the first person of our group got their meal and when the last meal was received.  Were they cooked fresh one at a time?  Was our waitress super super busy or super duper slow?  I just don't know.Anyway, as always, I cannot wait to go back.  I love the food and the service is always pretty good.
5	If you are planning on spending 8 dollars for lunch at a fast food joint, all the while wishing you could have ANYTHING else but that, take your 8 dollars and head over to Thai Basil. I love love love this place! Recently had the masaman curry with tofu, at a medium spicy level, and was so pleased that I vowed to return again the next day! The lunch combos come  with your main dish, a spring roll and rice. Next time, I will have to try the Thai Iced tea. Fast and friendly service, clean restrooms, a really sweet Thai mom at the counter all make Thai Basil well deserving of 5 stars.
4	Curry soup extra spicy with anything you want in it. Hella yelp yes... again hella yelp yes, 1000x, yelp yummy! Lunch specials moderately priced, and awesome service. If you must get Thai'd, bind yourself here. Completely fresh... no joke.
4	The flavors are amazing and you can order to your heat taste.  I have never left there with an empty tummy, actually I always leave with leftovers. And now that I have been to a few local and different Thai places this one ranks one the best. Just down the street is Thai Elephant and I found there flavors were not as enjoyable as Thai Basil. Hit this place up and get the Pad Thai or the Panang curry.
4	Good Pad Thai! Throw alittle soy sauce on it even better Pad Thai. Good service. The server always twist my arm to do Saki bombs.
4	Dang this stuff is gooooood! Red curry w/chicken, spicy noodles w/beef, cashew dish (with tofu which I dont care for but the rest of it was good) and spring rolls - small, crunchy, even after take-out! The red curry is damn near perfect and I can taste every ingredient that goes in it. The noodles, too - the food isn't overcooked nor is it overly spiced. And I like spicy. but I also like to taste my food, so yeah, I dont need to see through time while the heat radiates from my forehead while I eat! The ingredients are fresh and the food is light. I don't like rice too much but I had it to soak up some of that outstanding curry and I still don't have that "heavy" feeling from overeating... and man, did I overeat. HooWHEE I stuffed myself.
5	I can't believe I've not written a review for Thai Basil yet but I went there last weekend for dinner with a friend and it reminded me I should! I saw another reviewer mention large portions and I want to second that, you definitely get enough to eat with a huge bucket of rice (I normally end up with lunch for the next day too!) And the food is delicious. I like spicy food but am a bit of a baby with what I consider "spicy" so I normally order the mild dishes and they're plenty spicy enough for me. Spicy or not, the flavor combinations they have (which you can customize with what type of meat/fish/tofu you want) are mouthwatering.  The prices are decent too so you won't be blowing too much cash on dinner/lunch - and like I said, you'll probably get leftovers for another meal as well.
5	At 12:45 pm, this place was packed. Some had to stay outside to wait for their seats. Good food, service and reasonable prices for a Thai restaurant. I would come back again next time when I am in town.
4	Thai Basil, its one of the best places to order out some food.  Its also one of the best places to dine in.  I only speak the truth, the service is great, the food is pretty darn good for Arizona Thai food.The people there are always happy to see you and are supper nice.  When I order Thai food I always judge the place on there pad thai and theirs is so good.  I like to get mine medium spice because I am not one for drinking water ever 5 seconds.The yellow coconut curry is just as good as well.  They also have specials when you go in that you can look for on the white wash bored.   Recommendation: Go for the food, and then stay for food.  I have yet to try other thai restaurants around town.  But so far so good.
5	This is hands-down still my favorite Thai restaurant in the Phoenix area. All I need to say is "I love curry", and they by far have the best green curry in town. The food is consistently amazing and the portions are very generous (I usually get a second meal out of my entree leftovers), and I have never been disappointed
4	I wish I had only eaten what I ordered! The special Thai basil with chicken, it was was awsome! Fresh veggies in a perfectly spicy sauce with lots of white meat chicken with perfectly cooked jasmine rice. Unfortunately I tried what my hubby ordered too. The pad Thai was inedible it was so sweet. Way too much sugar and the noodles were gummy and yuck. Luckily there was enough of mine to satisfy us both. We also tried the Thai iced tea and Thai iced coffee, as well as the sticky desert rice pudding with mango. Interesting texture and good flavor. I will be back and I will never eat the pad Thai again.
5	Holy mackeral.  They yellow curry is DELICIOUS!!!!!  My favorite place to go to get great Thai food that i can actually afford!  You can request the degree of spiciness as well, which I love.  Portions are huge too!  So go hungry!  They also do take out which is awesome when i want to just run in.
5	The BEST Thai iced tea in the Valley bar none !!! Excellent stir fried and curry dishes too. Love it !
5	What could be better on a stormy night than some spicy Thai food from Thai Basil?  Not much.I've eaten here several times but this was my first pickup experience.  The lady was a bit difficult to understand on the phone and I wasn't quite sure if she understood me, but the food was ready in 15 minutes and how I ordered it.* Spring Rolls - Excellent and I loved the sauce.* Hot & Sour Soup - Excellent because I always custom order it with all the meats and shrimp.  It costs a bit more but it doesn't matter because it is so good.  The only problem is that I ordered it too spicy.  I went with the Thai Hot and it was a bit too hot.  I'm going with medium next time.*Cashew Nut Sauteed Plate w/ Chicken - excellent and full of good stuff.  I love love love their curry stuff but since I was sharing with my wife I could order it because she prefers regular stir fry stuff.  Anyway, again, I ordered this too spicy as well but no big deal because it was good.  Next time a medium spicy curry dish for me!
4	I stopped by Thai Basil with a coworker for lunch and was fortunate enough to find a parking spot. The restaurant is very small and the tables are close together, but it is always packed - which is a sign of how good it is. We both ordered the pad thai with chicken, medium spice - and even that was fairly spicy. Pad Thai is not the most adventurous meals, but it is still one of my favorites. A side of Thai tea and I was very happy. The service was good and the food arrived quickly. Two orders of Pad Thai chicken, one Thai Tea and a water = $17.29. Get there early to get a parking spot!
4	Good selection and excellent food.  Friendly waitstaff.  The only reason I didn't give it five stars is because of difficulty communicating what "hot" means.  American hot or Thai medium means that I want to sweat when I eat.
4	I have only been this to location for lunch several times. The experience is always been wonderful. Quick and friendly service every time. The quality of the food is good but not great. I am a fan but I would not have a craving and drive out to get it. Pad-Prew-Wan (Thai Sweet 'n Sour) - Got it with chicken - Good Pad-Thai with chicken - The tangy sweet sauce was not as good as other Thai places.
5	I love the University location. It's nice and snug and always full.  They have great variety of food and it always tastes great!  I crave i pretty often.  I will miss it when i move to California.  My favorite dish is the beef Thai Basil signature dish.  They have great lunch specials and everyone that works there is always very nice.  Never any complaints from me.
4	I love thai basil. esepcially this location. Great for lunch, service is great, its always packed so maybe avoid the lunch rush?Lunch special comes w. soup, spring roll, fruit desert and the meal.Great price and food is always fresh. Also their purple rice and mango desert is awesome!
4	My mom & I stopped in here for a quick lunch on our way out of town.  The place itself is tiny & crowded into a small strip center.  Parking was pretty tricky, too.  It was a Monday right around the lunch rush (we have a talent, what can I say?), but we managed to find a table pretty quickly.  A waitress had drinks in front of us pronto & we browsed the menu.I requested a Thai Iced Coffee & it was quite delicious.  I tried out the Thai Basil Signature which boasted chicken & lots of veggies.  The lunch special also came with a spring roll, so that seemed like enough.  I requested it to be extra spicy (as I always do at any Thai restaurant) & ended up with the same result: nowhere near spicy.  When I asked for the spice tray, I got a sideways glance, but I'm used to that by now.  The dish was quite good - a nice balance of flavorful chicken and fresh vegetables.  And the spring roll was great, especially with the dipping sauce.  Yum, indeed.  I couldn't eat everything, but I tried, dangit.  There was no point in a to-go box because I had picked it over so much.I'm a fan of anywhere that stuffs you full of well-prepared food, is courteous, and gives you a cheap bill.  All the better!  Since the place is so small, it wasn't hard to get our server's attention, so we never lacked for anything.  They were basically friendly & obviously intent on getting you food & drinks quickly.  I'm definitely a fan & will return on my next trip.
4	First I have to say I appreciate a mom & pop asian place that is not cheesey.  We get take out, but you want into the restaurant and think "wow, we really should have a date night here."  It's clean, modern, minimalist and I thank them for that.  Second, it's good.  Best pad thai in Phx if you ask me and I have had a lot of them.  My boyfriend also gets the pork sweet and sour and loves it.  The only issue we had is not having the option to get fried rice with his order, they said we'd have to order it for $8.95.  No biggie, but we opted not to order it.  Good prices.  Def must if you're in Tempe.
5	This is one of the best thai places! I have moved 5 times since I found Thai Basil and I still go out of my way to order there. My favorites are the curry dishes and the pad thai. Service is Good and fast.
4	So let me start by saying that when I lived in Seattle I ate thai food all the time. So I wanted to try some of the top rated thai food in phoenix.I went here for lunch today with some friends, and it was pretty good. The place was busy, but we were seated right away. The waitress promptly brought out little cups of soup (which was really yummy). A couple of my friends ordered the Phad see ew, another got the red curry, and I got the spicy noodles. Everyone liked their food, my only problem was that I ordered my spicy noodles 'hot.' They were not spicy at all. Like not even a little bit. So... maybe they were confused. The noodles were still good, I liked them, but they had absolutely no heat. Oh well, I guess I would go back, I'm curious to see what the food would taste like if it were spicy. I tried my friend's curry, which was a medium, and it was good. Also, all the lunch specials were reasonably priced at 6.95.
5	Love the place,I have sent so many people in and there always overly pleased and amazed that they can choose "no spice" or all the way up to "Thai hot"it gets super crowded at lunch time,you can order out or dine in and even bring your own wine,yummy in your tummy time
4	Two visits in one week (last week)! Big servings, quick and friendly staff, cozy atmosphere. The price is great, too.If you like coconut dishes, check out the Red Thai Curry with Chicken.
3	Went for lunch the other.  I am on a Thai kick lately- tried 5 thai restaurants recently and am trying another next week.Thai Basil was just okay.  Prefer the soup from Thai Elephant.  Prefer the curry from Papaya Thai.I did try the Thai iced tea for the first time at Thai Basil.  It was good but I would never order it again.  To heavy for me.  It tasted like yoohoo.For lunch I had the Panang Curry.  It was good but just nothing to write home about.
3	I always get the yellow curry at a Thai restaurant. This was no exception. Look, I like fast/cheap food as much as the next guy, but I like more depth of flavor in what I eat. The veggies don't really contribute anything to the dish. They just seem to be a space/stomach-filler. They needed to be steamed longer. Potatoes were still hard and starchy.Check out Wild Thaiger. A little more expensive but definitely worth it.
2	Just okay.  Not the best Thai place.  Skip the Pad Thai (worst I've ever had.). Price is okay, but I wouldn't go back.
5	Great food and friendly service no matter how busy it gets... Love this place!
5	Tom kha soup is my new benchmark for comparison. Delicious.
4	I was introduced to Thai Basil today via co-workers! We picked up food to go, due to working in Phoenix, but spent a few moments observing this small restaurant, that apparently has quite the impact!  Every table was full, and I saw the working crowd lunching, students taking advantage of their leisure days, and probable regulars.  I can see why! Nestled in a corner, steps away from Top Liquors, this place is endeared and slightly off the beaten path!  Parking was an issue, so be aware.Before I mention the food, I do have to state the atmosphere is very Thai, and it is designed with touches of artistically crafted wood that I felt was imported from Thailand.  the main woman behind the counter was charming, and warm.  Its a fast moving joint during the lunch hour, so grab a menu while you wait in line, and be ready to give your order! I cannot wait to sit down and enjoy the ambiance more!NOW onto the food, it is brilliant Thai cuisine!  I ordered the Yellow Curry with Chicken at a medium heat.  It was spicy, but nicely so, and was delicious! I am glad to have left overs to enjoy another day! And the spring roll app was a little nugget of goodness, which I didn't know I was receiving.  They have a few locations throughout the valley, whether you're in Tempe or Chandler, and in the mood for Thai, check them out for sure!
5	mmmm mmmm delicous!! This is by far one of my favorite "different" places. Im not known much for trying new things when it comes to food, but here I feel like I can branch out a little! My friends and I were recommended to this place a couple years ago, and now we take everyone we meet there! My husband and I went the other night, he got the special which was the Thai Basil with lamb, and I went with my always favorite spicey noodles with chicken! The Thai Basil was full of flavor it made mine taste whimpy in comparison, but I will always love the spicey noodles! The waiters and friendly and try to get you a seat as soon as they can even when its packed on a friday night! 5 stars from me!!
4	I go to Thai Basil quite a bit on my lunch break.  This is a great spot to go to if you are looking for a quick and delicious lunch at a good price.  I usually order the Thai Basil (their signature dish) and it is so good every time. There are quite a few Thai places in the area and this one is my favorite.One suggestion... the place is pretty small.  If you are going at a lunch or dinner rush time I would not go with more than 4 people in a party.  I've seen people come in groups of 6 or 8 when it's busy and it really slows things up.  The Thai Basil on Rural (not far) is quite a bit bigger.  Go there if you are in a large group.  Great food there too!
3	I guess Thai Food is like sex because it is always good but some are better than others .As soon as we were seated the server gave us on the house cups of tofu vegetable soup that was fresh and tasty and later took our order skipping out before we had time to order drinks .... then we got glasses of water .I have the Green Curry with tofu Lunch , my curry came out white and tasted ALMOST like melted coconut ice-cream but with chili's and Basil . My tofu was browned on one side and I got some nice vegetables , rice and a fried vegetable roll that was almost burnt .I have been here before and they really were much better last time  so ????? This really wasn't the best Thai maybe it was the worst I've had so far but it was OK I think...
1	You know i was going to give them 2 stars at the very very beginning...Honestly i was. Why only 2 stars you are most likely wondering.  To start off to give you a little idea is that i was born and raised in the bay area for almost 22 years of my life on nothing but the most amazing Asian spots to eat at with the best flavor and all.      Luckily i did find a Thai spot out here in hot dry Arizona which does not happen to be Thai basil obviously.  Second off i happen to be a huge foodie and let flavors sit to get the full experience. Thai basil lacks A LOT of flavor because everything was so watered down.       I asked for mild panang curry and my friend ordered the mild pad thai.  i was expecting some sort of spiciness given the fact that i had asked for MILD and not  MEDIUM. I shouldn't have to order the hot to get more flavor out of it wouldn't you agree?? something in between spicy and no spice? it would make sense...but thai basil failed that miserably on the flavor aspect and spiciness lots of points missed there.      Now we had got there 5 min after the lunch hour meal deal had ended but we did not want huge dinner portions at the time so we had asked very politely if it was possible if we could order the lunch meal instead. The manager, I'm assuming agreed and brought us out some soup to start. The soup was not bad since we were starving at the moment and i love tofu so okay onward with my review.  Shortly after they had brought out my awaited panang curry which looked to be quite soupy and full of veggies which i do not mind. What matters the most is the consistency and flavor. Which you should have an idea of how the flavor turned out but it gets worse. As i poured some curry over my rice and go to eat a spoonful i am quite used to a spoonful of curry to cover the rice with enough flavor.  This was not the case here. i had to basically pour a whole bowl of curry onto a small tiny cup of rice to get any flavor of curry over my rice. :(       Thai basil had screwed up my friends pad thai and brought out her piping hot plate a couple minutes later hers was not even tinted with any redness we should not need to add more hot sauce when  we asked for mild we expected mild. We were more than happy to get the lunch special than a huge dinner plate because of the fact  that we should not have to pay so much for HORRID(cleaned up word for what i would like to say) food. We were definitely complaining but don't you think  you would also if you were to see a rating of 4 stars out of five on a highly reviewed Thai place?  My other friends pad see ewe? was lacking of all flavor apparently in 85% of the dish and said the rest was bland.        The employees were giving us the dirty eye the rest of the time when they realized how much we hated their food. When they brought us to go boxes we didn't need i just told my friends it was pointless to pack the nastiness up when we really wouldn't be eating it later. They agreed and asked for to go cups for our thai tea instead the employee came back and slammed the cups down and walked away continuing to give us dirty looks. TERRIFIC. So freaking what if we dont like your disgusting food. Everyone has a right to their own opinion. and this was 3 reviews in one.         We did NOT leave a tip because the employees were not helpful or considerate since we did not enjoy their food in the slightest. it was not worth my 10 dollars because i ended up having the worst stomach pain for 12 hours straight and bubble guts for probably a good 7-8 hours in the beginning. gross, i know.  I would like to give them another chance but after my 12 hour long incident i really don't want to risk it. I will continue to go to my beloved thai rama when they are open that has to suffice until i go back to the real deal in San Francisco, Milpitas, San Jose or Tracy, CA.
4	Panang curry (ordered hot on the spicy scale) is to die for. I always go at lunch so the prices are really reasonable. It seems like a lot of the negative reviews (and comments I've overheard in the restaurant) involve people being unhappy with the spice (too spicy, ordered mild and not enough flavor). Thai cuisine, especially curry is spicy. If you don't want Thai cuisine prepared the in the traditional Thai style, you really can't complain that it doesn't measure up.
2	I have not been there for awhile, just had lunch there today and I was disappointed.  It was hot, noisy, and the flavor of the food has gone down.  What a bummer!  I got the lunch special BBQ Pork, with fried rice, and a thai ice tea.  Got the veggie soup, it was salty and very peppery.  Ok, moving on to the lunch plate it was the same as before but the taste of the sauces is watered down or something,  It was just not as flavorful as I remember!  The egg roll was meh, diffent than the thai egg rolls I have had before at other places.  The Thai Ice tea was the only thing that had good and strong flavor.  Maybe it was a miss today?
5	Thai Basil has the best lunch specials! Super fast service and very convenient for an hour lunch break. I want to try something new but I love the Green Curry w/Tofu so much that it's hard!
3	the food here is good for the price but just ok when you consider other thai places in the area like thai elephant.  Its an ASU favorite and their Curries are the way 2 go.  I recommend at least trying this place and forming your own opinion.
2	In Phoenix on Thursday on a courier run, and had to wait for the last flight of the evening to get home...so back to the magic Yelp mobile app to find Thai for dinner  that was close to transit...Thai Basil looked to be favorable from the reviews, so I ventured to the restaurant.  From the outside, not too shabby.  3 cars in the lot and 1 person sitting on the curb eating from a take-out box so I figured it would not be busy.  On entering, I saw 3 tables seated.  The waitress met me at the door and asked where I would like to sit.  I replied in Thai that on the east side would be better, so I would not be next to a window with sun burning down.Seated on the right side, she asked me if I would like water or another beverage.  I advised water would be great.  She put the menu in front of me and went to get water.  When she returned, I told her I was ready to order.  Som Tom, the yardstick by which I measure every Thai restaurant and Jasmine rice.  Waitress asked me if I wanted spicy, 1-10 or Thai Hot 1-3.  I ordered Thai Hot 3, in great anticipation of a flavorful fire!As I waited, I looked around the restaurant.  Tables were tight on the west side, with a long banquet bench against the west wall and 2-tops all the way along.  On the east side, 2 4-top round high tables and 2 6-top regular height tables appeared to have more space between them.  in looking at the floor, the corners and near the baseboards were quite dirty...and in looking up, there was a lot of dust on the fixtures and the vents.  I began to understand why someone would get food to go and sit on the curb in 115 degrees.The salad and rice were presented to me in about 10 minutes.  What appeared to be a very large portion of papaya salad, about 3 cups, was an illusion.  The salad was placed on top of a pretty large amount of lettuce, which I did not see until I had taken a few bites of the salad.  I figure I actually had about 1 1/2 cups of papaya salad.Spice was 5 (makes my nose run, while 8 makes my forehead sweat and 10 brings tears to my eyes).  Disappointing since I ordered Thai Hot 3.  Waitress came to ask if I needed anything and I asked for lime and chili.  Both were brought quickly.  I doctored the order and worked my way through the papaya.  All the lettuce underneath was a disappointment.  Rice was wrong, overcooked to nearly mush.Until they get the dust and dirt cleaned up, I am doubting that I will return.
2	Meh...
4	Tried Thai Basil for the first time Sunday.  It was amazing.. I ordered the Siamese Chowmein with a side of peanut sauce, (I don't what is in the peanut sauce exactly I only know it tastes like world peace).  My chowmein was delish and my friend's food was also tasty.Be good to yourself and try Thai Basil.
2	The space of this location is tiny and I would not advise eating there. The food is not impressive. Pad Thai is the first thing I order when I try new Thai restaurants, and the Pad Thai at Thai Basil is not authentic and cannot compare to Siam in Glendale, AZ. I've tried their curry, it's edible, but there are better Thai restaurants in Arizona.
4	One of my favorite thai restaurants! Great food! Not a lot of money. Service is okay. The seating is aweful. Get there before the croud. Bottom line is that the food is amazing and its worth the trip.
5	Overall one of the best Thai restaurant in the valley,this is the mother ship of there 3 locations,and they cook when ordered.you can pick your level of spice.sweet,They offer traditional Thai dishes and deserts.yummy sticky riceYou can BYOB,so bring your favorite bottle of wine and enjoy.Stay gold yelpers
5	This location kicks the other ones ass! There curry is excellent!!! This is the only one I go to now because the food is consistently good and the service is fast!
5	Yeah i am a globe trotter.  Yeah I am a world traveler I do the Tucson to Phoenix thing all the time.  That being said I really dig this place.The food is solid.  It is super fresh. It has a ton of flavor.  The eggplant will rock your world.  Definitely worth a try.  The service is usually friendly and passable. But I will come back often.
4	Good place for lunch and good service.
4	Great little joint. The food is very good most of the time we go. The owner and family are great to deal with. Pad Thai is good, massaman is excellent and green curry is great too. Lots of good food. Not the best that I have ever had but will do for Tempe. Close, easy and good.
4	Great red curry, pad thai, and rice. They can make it as spicy as you want, but you have to ask them to make it thai spicy to some degree.
5	Thai restaurants seem to be popping up everywhere but this spot is really the best. The staff is extremely friendly and even during peak lunch/dinner hours they ensure drinks are never left empty. The food is crazy delicious. The thai basil pork is one of my favorites or the seafood pad-see-ew (also great with chicken).
4	Yum! the penut curry is delish and prices are low. The only downside is the atmosphere change that and it's a 5 star.
4	Went for dinner one night  last week. I've tried many Thai restaurants in the valley, found this one quite good.   Had the Thai Basil chicken dish, delicious.  Will definitely try again.
4	I love thai basil. Their food is always fresh and comes out fast. They have some of the best curries I've had in the Tempe area.....not too heavy or greasy, just the right amount of coconut flavor and spices! (the eggplant is really good....they pan fry it separatly for guaranteed flavor and no mushiness!)They also have some rockin' spicy noodles (always a popular dish at our table when we dine with friends) and the pad thai is pretty good too. This is probably one of the more expensive thai places (not crazy expensive, just a little higher then others around the corner), especially for lunch....I don't find the specials that special (expect to pay around 8 to 10 a plate). Service is pretty good....we never have dry glasses or anything. I probably helps that this location is pretty small, your waiter can't disappear for very long!
4	Great Thai! Last visit I ordered the green curry and will again. It's a bit overly cozy for romantic date night but the perfect place for lunch with my daughter.
2	Ok...so I have been back a few times and I have a serious problem with this place. They will not make my food spicy. For real. I order hot and the food is bland and lacking any sort of spice....it makes no sense! I have gotten the spicy noodles each time which is a misnomer because the noodles have never once been spicy...at all. After visiting several other thai food places around phoenix I have realized that this one is one of the worst...sad to say. It just doesn't have the flavor that other restaurants have....sorry thai basil.
4	This place is a staple lunch place for the people that I work with. It's always a good time and really easy to eat within an hour. I love rice dishes and my favorite is the signature Thai Basil with shrimp. You can order your meal any temperature you like. I love mine spicy and it's usually perfect. I have never had a bad meal, but once I ordered a bowl of soup and didn't feel like it was a good deal. It was basically the free soup that they serve before the meal and they charged $7 for a bigger bowl. Not a value! Overall, this place is delicious and generally a good value. I just know not to order the soup again.
5	Excellent service, they bring you a delicious soup to start with and everything I had was very scrumptious. I'm defiantly going there again.
5	I could eat here every day, I think. The curry is my favorite. I like a thicker curry, not soupy. They also get the heat amount just right without sacrificing flavor. Always friendly service. They have so much to choose from, and being a vegetarian my options are sometimes limited in other restaurants. The thai iced tea is perfect.
5	I know there are some people who will argue, but for me, this Thai basil is as good as it gets for Thai food in the valley.  The trick however, is that it must be this specific Thai basil.  When I moved out of Tempe I tried the Thai basil downtown and eventually every other location they have and none compare to this one.  Their curries have more flavor, they give you more rice, and the people there are extremely nice.  This place was a staple for me while I was in college, and whether I was coming in alone for a quick lunch, ordering pick up for dinner, or coming in with friends, I have never had a bad experience at this place.  Their green curry is my favorite dish and they have a good range of spice to satisfy whatever mood I'm in, or whatever wimp I'm with who can't handle the heat.  In addition to their main courses, they have excellent complimentary miso soup at lunch time, and tasty spring rolls on the side of every dish.  I usually can't pack in dessert after polishing by heart portion of curry, but if you are feeling indulgent while you're there, try the F.B.I. (Fried Banana Ice Cream).  Its a great dessert that's delicious, but not overly sweet on the tongue. I highly suggest you try this place out, it is a guaranteed great meal, but do not think you can stop at any Thai Basil instead, they are not carbon copies like most restaurant chains.
1	Nope...Not going to give anything more than 1 star.  It's the challenge of giving no review vs. giving 1 star.I returned to this Thai Basil.  While they have managed to clean up the dust and dirt I saw previously, the wait, the poor presentation of the food I ordered and the lack of any feeling of care from the staff have me not returning to this Thai Basil location.I waited at the entrance in front of the 'please wait to be seated' sign for 5 minutes.  At 4 PM, there were 3 tables seated.  2 were well into their meals and one appeared to be ready to place their order.  The hostess who finally came to seat me seemed surprised that I had been waiting.  She said "We have plenty of tables.  Why didn't you seat yourself?".After sitting down, I advised the hostess I was ready to order.  She let me know that my waiter would be by shortly to take my order.  I waited for another 5 minutes.  Waiter came to the table with a glass of water.  He asked if I was ready to order.  When I answered to the affirmative, he asked me to wait while he went to get his pad.  I looked at the glass and saw what appeared to be the impression of a mouth on the lip of my glass.  I had not sipped, so when Waiter returned, I asked him to replace the glass.  He asked why and I directed him to the lip of the glass.  He took the glass and replaced it.I ordered Spring Rolls as my appetizer, the Thai Basil, Thai hot, with pork and more basil and garlic than might be fit for human consumption as well as the Yellow Curry, also Thai hot, with chicken.  To me, the spiciness of Thai hot is 10 on a 1-10 scale.  5 makes my nose run, 8 makes my forehead sweat and 10 brings tears to my eyes.  I asked for hot oil on the side of the Spring Rolls.  Waiter got the choices and turned to head for the kitchen.  Dining alone, it is time to thank the folks who invented smart phones.  I got caught up on the news, and about 5 minutes later, the waiter came with my spring rollls and curry.  While I had not ordered the curry as an appetizer, my waiter said "It was ready so I brought it."  I asked about the rice that should come with the curry and he said he would go get it.Spring rolls were the highest point of the meal.  Bean sprouts, lots of cabbage, carrots and mint were there...but I found no noodles and no onion.  The rolls were very dry, as if there were no lime juice or fish sauce used in the preparation of the rolls.  Fortunately, between hot oil and sweet and sour sauce, the whole experience was OK.  As I finished the rolls and my water, Waiter appeared with my rice.  He asked if the spring rolls were good, and I relayed the missing lime juice and fish sauce situation.  He took my glass and went to refill.Yellow curry with chicken: Just not happening.  The veggies (carrot, onion and potato) and chicken chunks tasted like they were cooked separate from the coconut milk and curry.  Veggies were decent sized pieces, tender, though they did not have the curry flavor infused.  The coconut milk and curry...very runny and missing that texture of thick.  Maybe if this combination had some time to sit, the flavors would blend and the texture of thick would become apparent.  The curry flavor was nice; the dish came out at about 4 spicy.The rice, about 1 1/2 cups, was OK.  Not sticky, not dry, a respectable portion in an adequate preparation.  Waiter shortly returned with Thai Basil.  I asked about rice and the waiter said "I brought it when you asked earlier."  When I asked about the portion that was to accompany the second dish, he said he would check.Thai Basil with pork?  SALTY!  Pork in a "spicy" garlic sauce along with thai basil, bamboo shoots, bell peppers, broccoli, onion and zucchini.  Once again, it seemed like the pork was cooked separate from the sauce and veggies.  It was a bit fattier than I would have expected but cooked to a tender turn.  Plenty of bamboo shoots, tho bell pepper and onion were kind of scarce and chopped in very small pieces.  Broccoli and zucchini were available in sufficient quantity and nicely sized pieces.  The garlic and the basil...hardly what I would have considered in quantities large enough to beg the question of too much for human consumption.  Spice came in at about 6.  The big problem was way too much fish sauce.  Waiter returned to ask about my experience.  He did not carry any rice.  I let him know the dish was much too salty for me, and some rice might help.  He pointed to the rice on the table and asked if there was anything wrong with it.  I replied that it was cold, and according to the menu, rice was to be included with each entree.  He went to the kitchen and brought out a fresh bowl of rice.  I tried the Thai basil with rice to no real benefit.  I just could not get past the salt.When the bill came, I was charged for a side of rice.  I asked for the manager and she removed the charge.  She did not, however, offer any consideration toward the Thai Basil.  Naah.
5	The bbq chicken w/peanut sauce is fantastic! I tend to stick to foods at restaurants I like, so I haven't had a chance to try anything else there yet ... but I like this location.  Haven't tried any other location as of yet
4	Been here a couple of times. Their green curry is awesome and a must try!
4	Spicy noodles were delish. Service was great food is out fast what more can you want? perfect place for lunch with friends (:
4	After reading such great reviews me and my boyfriend decided to try. Great food and a wonderful price. Thai tea was sooo good as well a the green curry with pork. Wonderful spring rolls and great service. The place was packed at lunch time and I would definitely go again. Awesome and highly recommended!
4	It was moderately good and it was cheap! I had enough for two meals! Will be back! I got their yellow curry and really enjoyed the lemongrass aroma!
5	Thai Basil on University has, hands down, THE BEST Red Curry in Tempe! I was introduced to this location a few years ago from a co-worker and haven't been able to find Red Curry as sweet, creamy, or fresh as theirs anywhere in the Valley! While I highly recommend the Red Curry with Chicken above all other dishes; their Green Curry is also excellent and comes in at #2 for my favorite and #3 is definitely their Spring Rolls. The best part about the Spring Rolls is that they come with a very light, sweet and spicy, yet flavorful dipping sauce. I am not sure what kind of sauce it is exactly, but the consistency is a perfect pairing.Besides the great food, they have very quick service; it's perfect for take out or dining in! Friendly staff and very clean. I highly recommend this location if you're a Curry fan!
4	Today was my first time at Thai Basil--I was impressed! I had always heard about this place from friends in Tempe, and I can understand why. The restaurant itself was small, but it was pretty busy inside (always a good sign). I started with a Thai coffee, yumbo. Love those. I ordered the spicy chicken fried rice and cleaned my plate.I left feeling satisfied, but not grossly stuffed. Our server was not overwhelmingly attentive (which I always appreciate) and our food came out very quickly. That Basil is now on my rotation when dining in Tempe.
5	Love this chain of restaurants. Great curries,  lovely salad dressing,  noodle dishes are wonderful.
4	Awesome Thai food and not too expensive. I had the coconut soup, and hubby had red curry. The coconut soup was full of basil and lemongrass. The flavor was so strong it took me by surprise, but was delicious once I got used to it. It was just slightly over-salted though. The fried spring rolls were great and came with what tasted like homemade sweet and sour sauce.The restaurant was not busy at all for a Saturday night, but there were people coming and going pretty regularly. Even so, the atmosphere was very quiet, which was nice.
5	Thai Basil is my go-to carry-out Thai place. I love the green curry. Mmmm. Green Curry.....The staff is very friendly. They don't just say trite things when they talk to you. They are definitely interested in getting to know their patrons. That makes a big difference to me!The food is always, always fresh. I love how the carrots are scalloped, and obviously never frozen. Fresh green beans, jiminey, I could go on and on!You can't go wrong here. It is a chain restaurant, but the owners have made it their own. I love to go here. Can't go wrong!
3	Warning: when you tell your friend to meet you at Thai Basil -- always always be sure to coordinate to the correct Thai Basil!Why!? Because there are so many Thai Basils in the valley it can be confusing.  Fortunately, this one is close by 2 other ones so I wasn't too off!Seriously someone needs to change their name and differentiate themselves.  No alcoholic beverages at this location, so no Phuket beer for you!  I wonder how they make the drunken noodles here. Wink!  Not to worry still got pretty good food here.  I think Thai Basil is starting to become the McDonalds of Thai food. I ordered me a Mc-Pad See-Ew with chicken; no super-size for me.  If you need a quick Thai fix this will do the job.  However, if you wish to be wowed and powed; I suggest moving on.  My friend ordered the tofu fried rice and she really enjoyed it so I guess it could be a hit or miss, but still I'm the one reviewing haha!    Service was good and the ambience -- well pretty simple Thai decor.  No Panangburgler? - Enjoy!
5	Holy Thai Food!!!  This place was amazing.  Quick turn around after we called in our to-go order was topped by the delicious food.  We ordered the Eggplant Garlic with tofu (no meat) and the Red Curry with chicken!  Both were amazing and so different in flavors.  My meal (the Eggplant Garlic) had gigantic, luscious pieces of  Japanese Eggplant.  I will be going back for sure.  Next time it will be the Red Curry (hot) with Tofu.  Can't wait!!
5	One of the best place to have Thai Food.. It's awesome... The vegan items are too good :-) A must go place for some good food
5	Very fresh vegetables and really tasty chunks of white meat chicken were found in the dish I ordered - the namesake Thai basil. Glad I branched out from the usual pad Thai because the garlic sauce on this dish was boldly flavored and still prepared mild for me as requested. Huge chunks of onions and broccoli really elevated the dish and the rice was great touch on the side for free. I have my eye on the peanut sauce and the curry for the next visit. Open til 10pm and free parking is great since I really can't pay to park and get take-out on Mill, it just doesn't seem right. Very nice staff too.
4	Very good service. We happened to go in on a slow part of the day and my friend and I were the only ones in the restaurant, which usually results in being ignored in smaller places. But instead, everyone jumped up to serve us and was very polite. The food is always amazing and the atmosphere is very comfortable.
4	Like other reviewers, I get carry-out from here at least once a month. The curries last for multiple meals and are fantastic. I'm also a sucker for the Thai iced teas.
5	Great green curry.  Service is also good.
5	One of the best Thai places near ASU, great service & lunch selection as well.
4	I've been here over a dozen times and still haven't reviewed it yet. Sort of that "You don't talk during a meal because it's so delicious" - thing?Anyway,The owners and staff here are so freaking nice. Customer Service is such an important element to dining, that a lot of places overlook, and these folks do it well.Traditional Thai offerings in a very relaxed, clean (thank you), and simple atmosphere.This is the only Thai Basil, of the local chains, that makes Pad Prik King and other "off the menu" dishes -  so I keep coming back to this particular location.
3	Nice location close to the "airport" hotels near University Drive.  If you are tired of hotel food just drive east on University.  The food is ok it has a nice spice mixture.  It does lacks that bite that most Thai food has but I find that most Thai places have "dummy" their food down to appeal to a larger base.  It is worth the trip down the road.
5	My friends and I joke that the Pad Thai has crack in it. But that might be the case. I have yet to try a Pad Thai dish that surpasses the one at Thai Basil. I literally eat here once a week (or more) and the portions are large enough to take home to have another meal later. Consistently delicious! Vegan/vegetarian friendly :).
4	Excellent Thai AND inexpensive! Spring rolls, pad see ew and green curry all fantastic, drunken noodles also good but a step down. Whenever I'm back in Tempe ill be back at Thai Basil!
5	De-licious. Do yourself a favor...eat here as soon as you can. The wait staff was very attentive and sweet. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu. They can spice-up and spice-down any dish you want because everything is made in-house. Want super hot yellow curry or super mild red curry? You got it with a smile! Wonderful fresh Thai, period.
4	One of best place for Thai food  and very nice staff. Only bad thing is they don't have enough space, little cramped. Good place for lunch esp their lunch combos.
5	Food is delicious, good prices and nice people. Perfect combination...
3	Inexpensive and popular place, gets quite crowded at lunch.  We tried the Peanut Curry (Panang) with chicken, and the red curry with beef.  Service is good, and friendly.  Lunch specials come with a small egg roll, that is quite good, rice, and a light cup of soup.Their scheme of spiciness is quite accurate in my opinion.  The Panang chicken was quite good, with more vegetables than I am accustomed to.  The red curry was tasty, but the beef was pretty chewy.  Guess I'm spoiled by the Thai in Los Angeles.
5	The food is awesome!  Everything is perfectly cooked and flavored well.  One of the best pad thai places of the valley.  Prices are typical.  Nice ambiance.   Love the antique type serving wares.  Service is great too.  The place wasn't packed or anything but the food timing was pretty perfect.
5	The dishes that I have eaten here are excellent! Last night I had the the Thai Basil and tonight I had the Larb Kai. The spices in the Larb were wonderfully blended mixing the fresh flavors of the vegetables with Thai peppers.I will absolutely return to Thai Basil on my next trip to Tempe!!
4	My Valentine's date brought me here last year. If not for him, I probably would have never heard of this place. Though I love curry, there are few places that have as good of curry as Thai Basil. Plus, their Thai Iced Tea is so good. SO GOOD.I usually like to dine there whenever I'm in the area. :)
4	Very fair pricing and great Thai. I picked up an order of sweet potatoes and green curry prawns. OMG! It was so delicious I took a nap afterwards that was also glorious. Great for lunch and dinner. I will be returning again.
5	Very friendly staff, great tasting "American-Thai", and the signature Thai-Basil, is incredibly delicious. The management team even brought our table a slice of cake with a lit candle upon realizing we were celebrating a birthday, awesome!
5	Favorite Thai spot for sure. Great curry dishes, fresh vegetables and a relaxing atmosphere. Great hangover food and cheap lunch specials!
3	A renovation...looks to be different kitchen and wait staff as well...tho the wait staff is needing a little contact with regard to acceptable and appropriate daytime restaurant service attire.There has been a renovation...and the space has certainly been improved.  With about 60 seats in the room, the colors and varying heights/spacing of the tables  of dining areas make for what feels like privacy.  On arriving 11:30 AM on a Thursday, I was gratified to see about 40 people in the restaurant.  With no sign about seating self or waiting, I caught the eye of one of the waitress' and she directed me to a seat not far from the kitchen/main service area.  I sat and received both water and menu.  Double-sided, but only lunch menu...no indication of the salad I wanted.  From previous experience as well as menu of other Thai Basil around the Valley, I know the staff has the ingredients and knows how to make my papaya salad...Som Tom.If you have seen any previous review, you know that Som Tom is julienned green papaya prepared with thai chili, fish sauce, garlic, fresh-squeezed lime juice, tomato and palm sugar.  The salad is frequently offered with green beans, shrimp or salt crab.  It may also have julienned carrot in small portion.  When the questionably attired waitress came to take my order, I requested Som Tom and steamed rice...ordered Thai hot, no green bean and no shrimp.  She wrote down my order and turned to tender my order.  On to the phone, checking email and news, occupying my time until lunch arrived.The salad and rice were presented to me in about 10 minutes.  What appeared to be a very large portion of papaya salad, about 3 cups, was an illusion.  The salad was placed on top of a pretty large amount of lettuce, which I did not see until I had taken a few bites of the salad.  I figure I actually had about 1 1/4 cups of papaya salad.Spice was 5 (makes my nose run, while 8 makes my forehead sweat and 10 brings tears to my eyes).Rice...a pricy portion, 1 cup, fresh and well presented.  Just kinda hurts to have to pay for rice that is a traditional accompaniment.No windows on the west side means comfort for afternoon and early evening enjoyment...With regard to  the questionably attired waitress, what is going on with the denim shorts not fastened in front, hanging off the backside...netting and a t-shirt that does not meet the waist of the denim shorts...it leads me to wonder about the cleanliness of the presentation.
5	Amazing food and service!
4	Came here on a Sunday late afternoon and enjoyed a nice, quiet, and leisurely meal as only one of three tables there.  For starters, we ordered the fried sweet potatoes. They came with fish sauce for dipping and were pretty tasty. For our entrees, my friend ordered the Red Curry at a 5 spice level! (that's the hottest they offer!) and it was REALLY spicy. one tiny spoonful and my mouth was burning and I was gulping down water. For myself I ordered the Pad See Eiw at a 3 spice (which was much more pleasant, for me at least).  I liked my dish a lot.  It was a little heavy on noodles and a little light on veggies, but I would definitely order it again.  For dessert we ordered the purple sticky rice with mango - so pretty and tasty too!  I can never turn down sticky rice.  Wish I had some right now....Service was great and friendly.  Our server offered lots of refills on water and checked to make sure we liked all our dishes.All in all, a nice experience, and I will be back some time soon!
5	Oh yummy!  This place has the best lunch-hour specials ever!  The food is terrific, great portion sizes, great prices, fast friendly service.  It's often crowded during the lunch hour but even when there's a bit of a wait, they're quick so you never have to wait long.
4	this place is on our way to our recent thai favorite place, so instead of going routine, we opted to meet some friends and eat here instead. first thing you'll notice is no alcohol. which put me off at first, but after dinner, i was glad i didn't have any beers to bloat me up. the menu is small compared to most asian style restaurants. being ever adventurous, i went with something i haven't ordered before, the restaurants namesake, the thai basil. i should have stuck with my usual curry, pad thai, or pad see ew. it was good, but it just tasted like vegetables with some basil. maybe that's the point? i don't know because i've never had it, but in any event, it wasn't my favorite. the side of brown rice was good though. i did order an app of the fresh spring rolls which were tasty, with two dipping sauces. my wife wasn't impressed by her seafood vegetables, stating it tasted like bagged salad underneath pre-bagged/frozen seafood. service was prompt and friendly.they probably have other good dishes, but we just happened to order 2 we didn't care for.
2	This restaurant has a much smaller menu for a Thai place. It makes it simple to look through, but I was hoping for a new favorite of mine, the Thai Soya fish, and they didn't have it on their menu. I opted for the grilled seafood which states on the menu that it comes on a bed of vegetables with Thai hot sauce. What it turned out to be was a combination of shrimp, scallops, calamari, and fish on top of....lettuce, with Thai hot sauce. So essentially a fish salad. The shrimp, scallop, and calamari were tasty, but the fish was awful. Dry, fishy-tasting. I couldn't eat it. Their fresh roll appetizer was pretty good but not the best I've ever had.I didn't think my meal was worth the $15 price tag, and just so you know ahead of time this establishment does not have a liquor license in case you are looking for cocktails or Thai beer to accompany your dinner. Clean bathrooms. Decent service-our water was repeatedly filled, but for the food itself I would not return when there are so many other choices in the valley.
5	Best Thai food I have ever tasted with service from super awesome and friendly employees.  Been going here for over 6 years and have never been disappointed even one time.  I could swim laps in their peanut curry.  So bomb.
5	Would definitely come back again. We're visiting from la n found here on yelp. Great food and price and staff :)
4	The deep fried items were made very well. Perfectly crispy.  We tried 5 entrees to share. My favorite was the red curry, mild, which was perfect for us.  A nice blend of sweet and heat, but not overpowering. Nicely done.  Small place.  Not noisey, even when busy.  Take out busy. Looks locally owned.  No alcohol on menu, which I think is a plus because such places have to really focus on food.
3	I have been to Thai Basil only once, and had a good experience so I will rate it at minimum a 3 because the food and service was good. I would have to come back and try it several more times before considering upgrading my rating.I came to the restaurant on a Monday afternoon right smack in the middle if the lunch rush. It was pretty busy. The usual working stiff crowd - khakis and button up shirts and sweater sets crowd. But, as busy a it was, I was seated immediately upon walking in. I was seated and one minute later was served a fresh glass of water and a cup of soup. It was basically a veggie broth with some cabbage.I haven't had Thai food in so long, I had trouble making up my mind on what to order. The gold standard for any Thai restaurant is to have a solid Pad Thai, and I figured ordering that would at least serve as a good foundation for determining if this place was any good. But, I was in the mood for curry.The restaurant has a lunch special menu split up into rice plates, curry plates, and noodle plates. I opted for Green Curry Beef. Well seasoned, fresh veggies. Enjoyed it.**Update** I've since returned to Thai Basil for lunch, and had the Pad Thai. It was good, nothing epic - good texture to noodles and chicken, fresh veggies, and good portion size.
4	The deep fried items were made very well. Perfectly crispy.  We tried 5 entrees to share. My favorite was the red curry, mild, which was perfect for us.  A nice blend of sweet and heat, but not overpowering. Nicely done.  Small place.  Not noisey, even when busy.  Take out busy. Looks locally owned.  No alcohol on menu, which I think is a plus because such places have to really focus on food.  May be more than one location.
5	I've been here on a few occasions and have never been let down. Great Thai for a great price.
3	Im on a hunt to find the best thai in Tempe. Tempe only. First one is Thai Basil. I give it an okay. I guess it's all about location and convenience. Been twice. I always give a second chance. I had the green curry chicken and chicken satay. Second time I tried the Pad Thai noodle, Tom soup and drunken noodle. The chicken satay was chewy and dry. I felt like a caveman ripping it off the stick. Thank god for the peanut sauce to give it some moisture. Not worth the price. Green curry had a lot of flavor but the wilted carrots and eggplant with brown edges were a big turn off. Pad thai noodle didn't have much sauce. Too much noodle, not enough goodies. Tasty but not authentic. Need to freshen up the ingredients. More like a chain restaurant. No beer either. Whats a Thai dish without a cold Thai beer!? .. Next.
1	Worst thai food i've had-- nearly inedible. Small menu, no spice rack. Drunken noodles didn't even taste like the right dish. Never again.
2	Ordered pad thai chicken med spicy.  The portions are too big could have easily split it.  Cut the portions down and reduce the price.  It was dry and really spicy for medium.  Also the noodles tasted like they were cooked in tap water, had a weird taste.  Disappointed for sure.  I will not go back.  Quality over quantity please!  This place is all about big mediocre portions.
4	Food here is generally very good. Lunch time is always very busy, which is always a good sign. Desserts could be better.
2	Nope...not what I expected from a Thai place!!! I mean if you are into the bland and sorrowful this is your place. If you have never been outside the US and want to impress Suzy Q with some foreign delicacy, this is your place. If you want to eat real thai food...go elsewhere. You don't believe me, i wrote this for a reason! The Pad Thai was disgusting and the soup they gave me was no more than just hot water with carrots, celery, and cilantro mixed in. No traditional Thai spices available. Ill NEVER return!
4	Very quiet and cozy place. The food has super flavor we had the Thai basil chicken and loved it! We had crab puff appetizer also tasty and enjoyable. We will be back to try more of the yum for sure. Thai ice tea is an interesting item as well check it out when ur there!
3	Food was mediocre. Service was mediocre. Nothing special about this place but they still got 4 stars? In California, when a restaurant got 3 stars and a half, it had to be really good. I'd give 3 stars for everything though.
4	My favorite Thai restaurant in town. They are a Phoenix local chain, and seem to be family run. All of the servers and employees are awesome and really friendly. Thai basil is a great place to fine in for a casual, yet nice dinner or if you just want some take out. I always go with the Crystal Noodle! Gotta get it spicy, and for the bold... Double Thai spicy!
4	Decent Thai food. It doesn't stand out as anything special but the food is good! And locations make it an easy place to go to.
2	Not sure why people like this place so much. The dishes seem to all come with the same brown sauce (except curry), which seems lazy to me. The servers are always rushing around and the place seems understaffed. I've eaten lots of thai food and this place is less then memorable.
3	Vegas Thai restaurants are better than here in tempe. So we ordered:*red curry: the chicken was tough but there was too many vegetables *pad see eww: flavor, spice & veggies were good but the beef was cooked tough as well*pad tai: it was "alright" Our server was very friendly & conversated with us. He recommended the "Thai basil" but was too spicy so substituted it with the "ginger" w/o charging usSide note: it was not busy when we came in, & there were 3 employees just talking not doing anything. Well when I walked into the 1 stall bathroom, the trash was overflowing & they were out of toilet paper. Hello restroom check? Talk about lazy.  Just saying
2	Very average food and horrible service. Waitress gave us attitude for not understanding her accent and never even bothered to check on us once during meal.
5	Get the green curry and don't look back. It's a strong move. I love how healthy this place can be and the food is not processed. I feel like this is how home cooking would be if my mom was Asian. A little expensive though.
4	Love this place! Always order for pad thai and its delicious ! Sometimes i get the cheese rolls and seafood pancakes! Yummy! I would just recommend the weitress to be a bit more friendly! Sometimes they are ignoring you! But other than that its great!
1	Worst experience ever at a restaurant. Their food is average however the way they run their business is awful. We were a party of four and ordered one appetite(~$8), four dishes (~$12 each)and four desserts(~$6 each). I expected the bill to be around $80 before tax. To my amazement, the bill came at $120 with no details. Puzzled I asked the waiter for an itemize bill. When the bill came again, two things struck me: 1.) it went from $120 to $110; 2.) a gratuity was already included. Mind you, we were only a party of four and the last time I checked it was only customary to add gratuity for a party of 6 or more.  The worst part was the service we received was the very minimum and service people were close to being rude. With the difference in the bill their only comment was math is never my strong suit. Really? That's how you run a business? Needless to say, I will never go back to a place where it is run with no business ethics.
2	I was very disappointed with this place.  I called and ordered the spicy fried rice with chicken, and attempted to add an order of wide rice noodles. I should have known the order was going to be wrong when I had to explain the a la carte order three times. Surprise!!!! There seemed to be a bit of a language barrier,  but an employee should be familiar with their menu.  I received a large side of albino egg noodles, plain. The ingredients in the main dish were pretty good, but they were so far and few; literally three pieces of bell pepper.  The description says everything is cooked In a spicy garlic sauce,  so when she asked me what spice level I wanted I said medium. Medium at any other thai restaurant would mean a good heat without burning my fave off.  Apparently here medium means they don't even use any sauce.  Dry rice and tiny pieces of other ingredients is what I received. As if that weren't annoying enough,  the girl at the register was rude and wouldn't even make eye contact.  Sorry you hate your job but I never made you work here. Passible food and terrible customer service will keep me from returning.
3	Thai Basil is pretty solid. I do not recommend going from 12-1:30 pm as the place gets packed. The good news is even if you get there during the lunch rush it moves pretty fast. As soon as you sit down they place a small bowl of soup in front of you (it's basically broth with with carrots, celery, and cilantro). Nothing spectacular but it gives you something to do while you wait for your food. My favorites are the fried rice with chicken, BBQ Pork and the Red Curry, most dishes are served with rice, veggies and a small springroll. It's not blow your mind Thai but it is fast, decent and pretty cheap. I go here monthly for lunch.
4	Food is cheap and flavorful. I'm a huge fan of its coconut soup and green curry. When I lived in Tempe, the only time I ordered a takeout was from there. We enjoyed the food, and thought Thai food went well with the season finale of Game of Thrones. While we may not want to revisit the scene of the red wedding, we would order food from Thai Basil over and over again. My inlaws also like the food from here! You can select the spicy level, and a medium is tingling but not firey. A great place in the college town.
4	I love this place...lots of flavor. I have been to two locations and they are both really good.
1	They ripped us off during lunch. Our group ordered the daily special posted outside the cute, quaint entrance. I was the jerk who recommended the place... we were humiliated when we asked to see the prices per plate we ordered. $40+ for lunch. For THREE people, no booze. We'd ordered from the lunch menu. Had the daily special. We politely asked about the bill and the outrageous price. The waitress returned with scrawled lines, different prices, and it was still $40+. Nothing itemized. Of course we still tipped her, however, it resulted in a fight about it in the parking lot.Normally, I wouldn't even care to post this review had we not been in a few times prior, tipped extremely well, were kind, polite to the staff... they pretended to recognize us... but we had always ordered off the printed price menu. Should that even matter?!Buyer beware? Pain in my butt the rest of the month and beyond trying to live down the embarrassment. And now my group refuses to ever give Thai Basil further business-- which leaves me to grovel, find a new Thai place, etc. Sorry but I still feel cheated. Probably from the constant reminders.AVOID
4	The green curry is soo good. I've come back twice in two days for it. I got the "hot" with chicken and it was perfect, the curry was very flavorful, and the takeout was just as good (and still very hot even though I came 45 minutes later). They will definitely see me again and again since I live down the street from here. I'm not sure if they do the lunch special listed online though, cause both times I was charged full price. But I'm excited to try something else next time.
5	Came here a while ago for some dinner when I was craving some good Thai food. I was not disappointed. It was decently priced, and the portions were pretty big. I saw people leaving the back with take-out containers and getting into cars so I'm assuming that hey do delivery. The restaurant is very cute though if you want to go in. I wish I had taken pictures! They had some cheesy music playing, but I thought it was kind of funny. The food arrived and was excellent. The service was fast and the food had lots of flavor. I will definitely be back.
4	Great dinner spot in Tempe. I've always had good food and good service here. The red and green curry are both delicious. I usually get the curry dishes with chicken, which is always good. The vegetables are very fresh and pair excellently with the curry sauces. I recommend either the thai tea or the chai green tea to go with your meal
5	Okay, so I know 5 stars is being a bit enthusiastic, but when you have the best thai of your life, you just gotta shout it to the world.I went here with my brother in December after hearing rave reviews from him for years. When I saw the special sign outside say "pumpkin curry", I knew my life would never be the same *cue lovey dovey music here*Place was small, but cozy and nicely decorated. Waiting staff was very attentive, and probably eyed me for drinking so much water haha. So back to the curry. Normally I'm not the biggest fan of thai curries and prefer an indian curry mostly, but this was perfectly sweet and savory. Everything about it was perfect, I kid you not! Salad, rice, chicken curry. Beautiful. And now I'm back in Michigan. le sigh.So go here and experience the greatness. Prices are not bad, parking is plentiful, and a good place to bring a date, or a sister, as it turns out :)
5	No less than 30% of my measure of a great Thai restaurant is their Thai iced tea.  This place serves it to you in a giant glass and lets you mix the tea and cream yourself - which is just fun.  Add to this nice quick service and a simple delicious menu and you've got a winner.  I am a sucker for Pad See-Ew with pork and this was a nice ratio of noodle / veg / protein - I had enough to take home for later.  I got it "Thai hot" which is like five stars or something, it was just right.  I will be back without question and recommend this to anyone who needs a Thai fix.
3	Came to this place after reading good reviews and I was not too impressed. I expected get a authentic Thai food but the food here is Americanized. Nothing wrong with that since many of the clientele are not Thai. I ordered the Thai Ra Na which is supposed to be flat noodles stir fried with Chinese broccoli & meat, and served with brown gravy. Dish came out and made with regular broccoli and the did not have brown gravy. Noodles were not the traditional flat noodles. It tasted ok but not what I expected. In addition they do not serve sticky rice which Is a must for a Thai restaurant. First Thai restaurant I have been too that did not serve sticky rice. Staff was very nice and spoke Thai well. They explained that do not get very many Thai clientele and made their food more American style since 80% of their customers are Americans. I can't blame them for that but Americans love authentic Thai food. I think they need to serve authentic Thai food and it would help their business. I recommend this place for anyone that wants simple fried rice and chicken. If expecting authentic Thai food then this place is not the restaurant for you.
4	The music in this place gets me every time... it is some strange covers of pop songs that are so cheesy that you can't help but love it.I have never had anything that wasn't good here, I especially love their daily specials (keep an eye out for pumpkin curry!)... otherwise I can usually be found having the red coconut curry or the drunken noodles.Service is not very good, but the food is amazing!
4	I seriously recommend their mango sticky rice because they use PURPLE rice instead of white. The purple just makes it all the more delicious--but good luck saving room for dessert since all the food is so rich!For entrees, I would recommend either the green curry or the drunken noodles. Just make sure to ask for more rice with the curry (no extra charge). Another dish I recommend is the coconut soup. It's just simply delicious and definitely something unique.
1	I seriously hate this place because of FOOD POISONING! My co-worker and I decided to pick up some Green Curry w/ chicken for lunch. The lady on the phone was able to persuade me to get the dinner serving for just $2 more. I agreed and when I went to pick up the food I was pretty impressed with how big the containers were because I thought I would be able to save half for dinner. I was very wrong. We barely ate a quarter of it and both of our stomachs started hurting really bad and than later in the day, I threw up. I called Thai Basil after work to let them know and the lady was very rude. She said it couldn't have been their food and it must've been something else that I ate because they just make a big pot for the whole day. I let her know that my co-worker also got sick and she just blew me off. She asked me what I wanted and at that point, I did ask for a refund since she was rude and didn't care. I hate asking for money back but if the customer service isn't there, than I will ask. She said they can only give me half of my refund back and nothing else. I picked up the money the next day and thno one said a single word to me about the situation. They just handed me the money and turned around.
4	The boys and I were out and about and as normal craving some Thai, we drove by Thai Basil and decided to give them a try.It was a Sunday night around 6pm and the place was steady not too busy, we were seated right away. Right off the bat we all ordered Thai Tea, we know what we like. The Thai Tea comes in some tall glasses and I just  love the contrasting colors of the tea & cream till I swirl it and blend it all up! This Thai tea was delish too!We went with the crab puffs as starters; they were simple and good for starters.For my main dish I went with the massaman curry, Thai hot!  it was chicken bathed in massaman  curry with coconut milk, carrots, onions peanuts & potatoes and hit with some heat! It also is served with steamed jasmine rice.  This dish was delish! It was creamy, hot and full of flavor! Service was great and friendly glad to have stopped by and given Thai Basil a try.
2	If you can, go over to Rural and eat at the other location. The pricing, given the small portioning, is like a dry booger on the roof of my nostril--irritating and unreasonable. The staff have the friendliness of a video game NPC. It's like talking to soulless shells.
5	My wife and I love Thai food, and we eat here once a week. We've also eaten at the other franchise on Rural Rd, but we prefer the ambience and the chefs at this location.  I've never been disappointed in my 5 or 6 go-to menu choices.
4	I ordered the chicken Pad Thai.  It was good but it fell flat in flavor. I should have requested lime wedges, cilantro, green onion and raw bean sprouts to brighten the whole dish.  I don't know why I didn't think of that as I was eating!  I also ordered it medium spicy which I thought was actually really tame. I wish that I had gotten it spicier. Service was great. The lunch prices and the quantity of food you received for lunch is an awesome deal. I'm pretty sure that Pad Thai was $7.95. By the time we left at 12:30 the place was packed. I'm sure I will be back!
4	One of my favorite Thai restaurants in Tempe. I love- you guessed it- the Thai Basil! :)
4	It wasn't bad, but I've had better Thai food. I ordered Pad Thai and Thai Tea that was brought it to me in a to-go box (not sure why they assumed it was to-go...)The flavor was right but the noodles seemed a little soggier than normal. The portion size was good enough and the spring roll was a nice added bonus. I'll probably stop in again sometime if I'm hungry and nearby.
1	The food was disappointing to say the least. The panang was extremely watery, the sweet and sour chicken, which was supposed to be pork but she got it wrong, was mostly vegetables light on the chicken, and the chicken pad see you (spelling is way off) was extremely dry.
3	Very disappointed. Ordered chicken Pad Thai to go and I didn't notice until I got home that they put tofu instead of chicken. The flavor was very plain, there wasn't even peanuts in it. Don't recommend.
5	Always crowd, but fast. I usually just be there to have a thai fry rice. I have to say the food is decent, and worth the money. If they could have more seats then it would be prefect.
3	So yummy. Love the green curry.  Great for lunch.  Good prices. Great place to grab a quick bite.
3	Tried Spicy noodle and Drunken noodle and both the dishes were just okay! I live in DC metro region and have had much much better. Service was good.
5	I got there at 9:20pm.Very friendly service, nice relaxed atmosphere.  three choices of table settings: the booth, the square tables and the high tables with high chairs. I went for the high table. intimate lighting, soft music. now for the food, I chose the Rama with peanut sauce and chicken. I like my food very spicy so I ordered it "double Thai hot". And hot is was! :-)  it caused a good sweat and a running nose, lol, but that's how I like it. The wonderful different flavors of the food still came through very nicely and I enjoyed it a lot. Fried banana with ice cream to top it off (YUM, I feel like i'm in Thailand) and it was a great late night's dinner. I recommend it highly for a relaxed date.
5	I always either get the pad Thai, Thai hot and Thai iced tea. The lunch special is always gonna be under 10Dollars so that's good. if you typically like your food spicy I recommend getting it Thai hot! Lunch specials start from 11 to 3 make sure you get there either after 12 cause of the lunch rush.
4	Wonderful cozy atmosphere and quick service. The Pad Thai and spring rolls were incredible and the price was very decent for the portion and taste. There's not too much to say except that this is an exceptional little restaurant. Will absolutely recommend!
5	I love Thai Basil and this location especially, despite its small size! Love the intimate atmosphere created by the low lights, soft music unobtrusively playing in the dinning area and the medium stained woods and browns of the decor.The food is fresh, tastes amazing, and even when they're super busy, comes out fast. I think this is the best Thai I've ever tasted. The staff is always friendly and seem good about anticipating the needs of their customers. Tonight, my friend from out of town ordered the glass noodle soup with tofu and I had the green curry with tofu. He really liked the food and managed to finish his soup even though he had some of my curry and he typically doesn't eat much. He said it was so good he had to finish it. He even suggested that we come back again some time while he's in town! I will definitely be back and will try to bring my friend one more time before he leaves.
5	Simply amazing.  Runs circles around the other Thai restaurant in Scottsdale.   Crab puffs,  spring shrimp rolls, red/peanut curry and pad see eww were all great.  If you like spice, this.is your place.
5	Great food. Super fast service. They are always friendly. Prices are awesome. Food can be spicy! Medium is actually pretty hot.
4	I will say I had a lovely time at this thai restaurant,  small but quaint, it definitely filled up our stomachs leaving us happy and satisfied, prices were decent , definitely will come again! P.s. If you like spicy food like I do, hot just won't do it, make sure to ask for very hot to get that hit your looking for in spicy , service was absolutely perfect! No complaints!, very clean bathrooms as well ( unfortunately some hooligans decided to initial their graffiti on their mirror! Tsk tsk! Respect this wonderful restaurants property!)
5	Have been here several times now and its without a doubt one of the better Thai places I've been to in the US. We ordered the spring rolls, pork rice and pad thai (both medium spice).I LOVE Thai food and Thai Basil was not a let down at all. This restaurant was priced well and the food was very authentic and delicious! I don't really have anything negative to say about it at all. If you are an ASU student or live near ASU and feeling Thai then I would recommend trying it out.The service was excellent and fast. I had a very good experience here for my 1st visit. I do anticipate after 1-2 more trips I will be editing this review to 5 stars. Zero complaints, much praise.
5	This place has a become a regular in our to-go rotation for lazy weekends.  I have to say that the best stuff on their menu is the curries.  I haven't tried a curry that I didn't like here, although my favorite is the green curry with shrimp because it comes with a LOT of veggies (bamboo, bell peppers, carrot, eggplant).  It's insane how much food they give you.  When I order curry to-go it usually lasts me for 2-3 meals!
4	This is an update to my review from my first visit. I've become a semi regular here, so that's gotta mean something...and every time I come, the place is packed. Pad Thai is one of the measures of a good Thai restaurant.  If the Pad Thai isn't made well, it makes me question the rest of the menu.  The noodles and ingredients are fresh.  If you get the prawns, they are delicious and huge!   I've had several different curries.  I think their Masaman is my favorite.  The service has always been pleasant and quick. They have a lunch special, price is great. 4 stars only because it's really a small place, and tables are pretty jammed up close together and the parking can be pretty much the same.
5	My favorite Thai place in Arizona by far! My go to spot for dates, business meetings, and just because it's Wednesday.
5	Yum Yum!I love that they actually use spices to heat the flavors up & they ask your spice level.So GOOD!
3	This was weird. I found them on Yelp and called to make sure they were open. "Yes"-hang up. Um, what? Do you not want my business? We went anyway, which is rare because I am stubborn about those things, but the pictures looked really good. When I walked in, they just stared at me. I had to ask for a menu. And water. It was so weird. We joked that you must have to be a regular or VIP to get attention around here.. When the food came, no doubt it was delicious. The ambiance is nice, but I'm not going to go out of my way to go here again because it felt like I was intruding on them or something.They earn stars for: high quality food, open late, parking. They lose stars for: bad service, no liquor license.
5	We had a great meal here. The place was packed! The servers were slow initially BUT it was packed and once we were seated, the service was fine. Tons of vegetarian options. The food was well spiced and the portions were sufficient.I would visit again. 5 stars!
5	10,000 hours to be an expert or 10,000 grains of rice to be a regular. I'm not sure which I would prefer when talking about Thai Basil, arguably the best Thai restaurant in Tempe. Although the area around ASU is inundated with local independent Thai spots, Thai Basil is the hottest (Sorry 5rcha, Thairama, and, Thai Elephant). In fact there are more than five indie Thai spots in the square mile are Mill and University! In a small sample, and quite casual, taste test with a few of my close colleagues, we found that Thai Basil not only has the most flavorful yellow curry, but it also has the freshest and best textured veggies to accompany their superlative sweet and spicy coconut base. The atmosphere is always set to tame lounge covers of pop songs, and mood lighting that settles the agitated or overwhelmed. An order of fresh rolls with the perfect hint of mint accompanied by a mellow rendition of Katy Perry's "I Kissed a Girl" is enough to make the wrong day right. Not only are they open until 10 p.m., which makes that post nine o'clock "where do we go" purgatorial discussion of fast food options fade, they also will carry your order over to Taste of Tops if you want to enjoy a your Thai dream in another seemingly moonlit establishment that offers the best in draft beers an absurd bottle selection.The close by Tempe Farmers Market adds to the convenience of the location as many post dinner trips home are made complete with grabbing a few of those household necessities you've been meaning to get while you are out, or if you just want to sneak a quick vegan treat. The service is impeccable; I've never had a complaint let alone even heard a complaint about any of the staff or quality of the food. The one lone soul who spoke out against getting a bite there a few weeks prior was advocating we get Jack-In-The-Box on Mill, so you know their taste buds can't be trusted. The only problem that has ever arisen has been finding a parking spot, (literally one time out of dozens) which was quickly remedied by available street parking on Farmer. I will say the neighborhood and location are above average in general "cool feel and vibe" but if the ambiance is not to your liking, their take-out service is as convenient as any I've seen. The neighborhood part mostly goes for the University location, but the rest can be generalized to the other two, which I've patronized both and they maintain the standard set by their University site. I am not sure how one would be an expert at Thai Basil, as I previously suggested would be possible in my opening line, but over the years as I've slowly made my way into the "regulars" club with my idiosyncratic fried rice order, I know I wouldn't trade that status for anything. Maybe for some free entrees. Wait nevermind.
5	This. Place. Is. Great. Been going here ever since I spent a month in Thailand in 2008. When I came back I had super crazy cravings for Thai atmosphere and food... Thai basil delivers. Khob khun krap.
4	Nice find off the beaten path of Mill St. Food was really fresh. Pad thai yummy. Beef salad and spring rolls to start were fresh and hot. Each dish was really good. Would have loved a beer or wine ;-)
5	Silver noodle salad takes me to a happy place. They also have amazing daily specials worth being adventurous with - especially if it is a fish dish. Save room for purple sticky rice and custard for dessert.
5	I'm a big fan of Thai food, and I've been to the others surrounding Mill. But this one wins. By far the best tasting Pad Thai in Arizona! It's atmosphere is great, their staff personable, and hours are amazing! If you want the best Thai experience in town, make this your first stop!
3	I went 12/24 at 4:30. It is small attractive with very nice people. The appetizer was excellent while the tea and main course were mediocre. First I am nothing close to an expert and this was my initial visit.
5	Thai obsessed. Chicken Panang Curry, Pad Thai and Pad See Ew are great. I love getting take out.
5	There are quite a few Thai restaurants to choose from in downtown Tempe, but this is my favorite. They have the best Pad Thai and a fantastic Red Curry. The employees are always super nice and greet me with a smile when I pick up my order.
