5	Shannon has been cutting my hair for 3 years.If that doesn't seal it, I should tell you that people I have recommended to her, including the poster below, have become repeat clients.Shannon has a very flexible schedule and can make appointments weeks out.She will also set standing appointments, so you can plan multiple weeks in advance.The salon itself is nice, with coffee and water for clients and several open floor areas so it doesn't feel stuffy. Aside from the occasional crappy teen pop music, it is a fantastic environment. Other service are performed there and among the staff, they can set you up with additional beauty services to cover all needs.Get your hair cut by Shannon... that's all I'm trying to say :)
5	I have been letting Shannon do my hair even before she got out of beauty school I will never change hairstylist. I would travel to her if i had to. I recommend allllll my friends to her and they all love her. She treats you like a princes wine cheese and crackers I FEEL so FANCY .I ALWAYS feel so sexy leaving this salon and I always love showing off my hair . The number one reason I love coming to her is that She takes pride in her work .
5	l LOVE SHANNON!  I started going to her 4 years ago feeling in need to look more "current".  She is so good!  I'm 40 now and I get more compliments on my hair now than ever.  I would consider her an expert at color AND cuts.  She spends A LOT of time with you in the beginning consulting and getting the color just right.  She's awesome adding funky colors, or just keeping your hair a bright and beautiful blond like mine.  She has become such a sweet and fun friend and I look forward to seeing her every six weeks!  Her schedule is very open and flexible.  Call her!  You'll love her too.
5	I have been seeing Shannon Smith for about 2 years, and I am completely in love with her as a person and in her skill as a professional stylist. She is extremely knowledgable in all style types, and has even made some great professional recommendations on what cut would look good with my hair type. It is always a joy to come in, get my hair cut/styled, and just have a great time talking to her. She cares so much about her clients, and is always willing to be flexible with her appointments. I recently moved to Seattle, and I will definitely say that I wish I could have brought her with me!I would highly recommend her to anyone who is in need of a great haircut! She will not disappoint!!
5	As a recent transplant to Las Vegas I put off finding a stylist for too long.  When I finally couldn't wait anymore, I started looking and am so glad I came across Shannon here on Yelp.  This time I just got my typical highlights and a cut.  Shannon did a great job with my hair and she's super friendly.  She just found herself another loyal client :)
