4	It's your fast food sushi joint.  A very small and intimate type of a restaurant.  It's also a bar so if you feel like you want to eat some sushi and just hang out and drink, this is your typical next door nothing else to do type of place.  They serve lunch and dinner.  I like it if I was craving for sushi and didn't want to go too far.  Plus, people are friendly and service is quick.
3	The Place: Beautiful The place looks kinda like a classy bar then it does a restaurant. The bar itself i really liked because of the glow effect of the lights on the counter.  The Menu: laminated piece of paper with appetizers, drinks, dinner menu. Not very good looking compared to the place itself. The menu with the rolls is on a piece of paper provided by the server with a pen, you just check what you want.The Drinks:Great selection of flavored sake. If i ever come back here I'm going to sample the flavored sake. Sadly a small is 10 bucks. They have a lot of high class bottled water on the menu as well. I don't fuck with Fiji water. Drinking water imported from a country where the natives aren't guaranteed clean water is some bull shit so i don't fuck with it. The Food:Steak Hibachi - Got it off the dinner menu because i thought it would be cheaper then getting a whole bunch of assorted rolls and what not. Was done fairly quick, seasoned cubed beef, fried rice and some fried onions mushrooms and zucchini. Overall everything tasted the same so they used one seasoning sauce for everything. Wasn't bad heavy on the garlic flavor but nothing to rave about.The Sides:The Hibachi came with miso soup and a salad with house dressing. Miso soup is pretty much all the same it comes from a paste or powder, the one that i had was a little on the bland side needed more paste, green onions gave a refreshing taste as you bite into one but there wasn't much in there, could have used some rehydrated  seaweed to add to texture. The salad was a cheap premix that comes in huge bags not impressed at all, the house dressing was very nice it was thick and not runny, had the taste of miso, ginger, lemon juice and some other flavors i cant remember.The Extras:Albacore Tempura Rolli'm not a big fan of sashimi so dont ask me about it. this roll is albacore tuna, mixed crab (their term for imitation crab) all rolled up, battered, deep fried, then sliced and served on a plate of micro greens with sauce drizzled over. it wasnt bad but it was a poor choice on my part, the deep fried oil masked all the flavors so it all tasted the same but it was good.over all i spent about 25 bucks here. not bad but a bit pricey
5	We used to live by this restaurant and ate there often.  It was our favorite sushi restaurant!  If anyone knows where that sushi chef went, please let me know.  We miss it!!!!
