4	This is not just a dive bar, it's a dive warehouse.  It's friggin' huge.It's packed with dozens of pool tables, foosball tables and dart boards.  There are probably 50+ tables with multiple chairs throughout the whole thing.  The bartenders are laidback and easy to have a laugh with.  The rail gin is usually Tanqueray (for under $4/drink), which delights me to no end.FYI, this is in the "town" of Madison, not the city.  Therefore, be prepared for lots and lots of smokers inside!
3	I've only experienced this bar on a few occasions and it was only to play in a dart league. Which I must add has excellent competition. I thought i was a descent player but wow. A 4.5 mpr in a game of cricket. That is impressive. This bar is one of the biggest i've every been in. It has more dart boards and pool tables than you could shake a stick at. It also has a descent array of music. I haven't checked out the Jule box but the music it has played has be descent. The pride and joy of the place is its huge projector screen with the big game always on it. If your a sports fan you will love this screen.  Downsides to the place is the location. It is off Rimrock road just off the belt line and the entrance is in the back. Its very difficult to find and the crowd is of the older persuasions. All in all if your looking to have a few beers, play darts, and watch a good game. I would suggest giving this play a try.
4	Finally found a good pool and darts place in Madison. As mentioned, smoking is allowed, and there's no escape from the smell. But because of the space size, it's not stuffy at all. Yeah, it feels like a dive center. I heard that they cleaned up quite a bit through recent renovations to ditch the image of coke-snorting house. I liked the vibe and the crowd.
5	My new favorite place! A bit hard to find the first time, but worth the hunt. Nice big place so you have room even if your group is bigger. Lots and lots of pool and darts - plus decent TVs for sports, decent bar food and often better than bar food daily specials. Good full bar and the 'signature' drink is the Swamp Water! Yum! Jukebox is new and super high tech (looks like a massive iPhone!) and most of the time is already playing good music. Cheese curds may be addicting.
1	One star might be harsh but Pitcher's Pub thoroughly offended me on Saturday and I feel the need to warn people away.  Look it's a good space, maybe they have decent food, I but I refuse to support an establishment that employs snotty workers and does everything half-way.  I went to Pitchers Pub on the night of the Big Ten championship because I heard read good reviews and because they advertised themselves as a Sports bar - has to be a good place to catch the game, right?  Wrong.  Even though they have TVs and a nice big projector, they made it impossible to watch the game.  We had to ask them to put the projector down and when they did we found that some bozo had put the projector right behind the lights on the pool table, casting a shadow in the middle of the sceen.  No big deal though, because they had the lights set up on a pully system to get it out of the way. But no one lifted it up - so I went to go ask if they could move it and the worker refused.  It was, apparently, too much of a hassle.  Fine, whatever.  Then the game started and the bar was still playing Beyonce or whatever through the speakers.  So we went to go ask if they would put the sound on for the game.  The workers literally laughed in my face and said that wasn't going to happen.  I was stunned.  Everyone on the bar was watching the game (I knew as everyone shouted and cheered when we scored a touchdown) and it wasn't like this was some random, no-name game.Anyway, the point is that this place advertised themselves as a sport bar, but refused to play the game. If that wasn't bad enough they were incredibly rude about it too.  We left.
5	Pitcher's Pub is an excellent combination of local dive bar meets sports pub! If you like the feel of your local neighborhood bar, friendly bartenders, cheap drinks, and great food than you need to check out Pitcher's. Sure it is a bit tough to find, but that simply adds to the fun. You will almost never have to wait for a pool table or a dart board (except maybe on league nights but usually even then they have some available). The food is also excellent - as far as bar food goes - I recommend the Rib-eye Sandwich with fried onions and bacon!!! Washed down with a cold $2.00 can of Miller Light or a frosty pint of Hopalicous!!!
3	Definitely surprised by the location of this bar.  I would call it a hidden gem.  You have to access it via the frontage road access off of Rimrock.  It shares the back of the building of a pawn shop.  Once you see the sign you will wonder how you missed it.  It is nothing flashy but the size makes you get over that.  They have great/affordable drink specials.  There are dart leagues, pool leagues and Foosball leagues.  There are so many set-ups for each of these.  This is the perfect place to grab a drink with a big group of friends.  I did not eat when I went, but the people I was with had very good things to say about the food.  There is no waitress service.  And they have trivia on Fridays.  I think you will not be disappointed with this laid back feel.
5	Decent food and beer at a reasonable price, plus a ton of space compared to most of the other bars in Madison.
3	Stop into pp for the first time in many years.  The swamp waters are still great and the bartenders are very good.  On the minus side, loud heavy metal music during badger game seems odd for a sports bar.  Nothing terrible, but nothing that great.
3	As far as a place to meet friends, hang out, and play pool or darts, it's great.  Haven't had food here.
