3	Though our kids tend to order a cheeseburger or chicken tenders off of the kids menu no matter where we go, they like the Japanese Steak House.  Probably because they get distracted by the guy who tosses things around and sets stuff on fire so much that they forget that they aren't eating cheeseburgers and chicken tenders.  I don't know, really, but it at least gets something a little different in them, so we can't complain.The local chain probably won't stand up to a Benihana or anything, but we don't have one nearby anyway, so it doesn't really matter much.  The food is pretty decent and the show is generally entertaining.  You can never really tell if the chefs are so good that they can act like they don't know what they are doing or if they are just that clumsy.Only one complaint is that this location has started serving spaghetti-like nooodles on top of the fried rice, and they just don't mix all that well.  It's not that they taste bad, as they don't.  They just don't blend.
3	Kabutos is good for what it is:  a Benihana-type restaurant.  A group of about 8 people sit around a giant grill and are entertained by the chef as he cooks the meals right in front of them, wielding sharp knives and doing tricks with each food item he prepares.  Kids especially love it and it's also good fun for a group of friends going out on the town.The Hibachi dinners generally come with a salad with ginger dressing (YUM!), rice and veggies, an option of a choice of meat, and dipping sauces.  The flavor of the meal is very good despite the relatively few ingredients put into each (and I normally love a lot of spices).   And I do enjoy the entertainment of watching my meal prepared in front of me.As for the sushi, I have yet to try it since I usually reserve eating sushi for when I visit sushi houses.  When I go to a Japanese steakhouse, I typically want the Hibachi show and food. I haven't been to other Kabuto locations, but this particular Kabuto could use some refreshment.  It's a little dark and dingy inside with no particular decor or splashes of color.  Hence, part of my reasoning for only a 3-star rating.Why else?  Kabutos isn't someplace I'd go out of my way for, but if someone's going I might tag along.  I've dined at Benihana's in L.A. and at Mitsukoshi at Epcot so, to me, Kabutos pales in comparison.  But hey--it's cheaper than a plane ticket!
4	I love Japanese steak houses. It's a lot of fun, and I love the theatricality in addition to the good food. Nothing in life is a delicious as ginger sauce, so that helps as well, and they're always accommodating for vegetarians. I think Kabuto is a great option for a first date. You can talk to each other some, but if it's getting a little lame or if there's not chemistry, you can focus all your attention on the performance. It's also a lot of fun when my niece is visiting with the family, as she enjoys the fire and the food-tossing and all. The menu has enough variety to satisfy picky kid's appetites, and the show keeps them from getting too fussy, even as the evil bedtime witching hour approaches.
4	I went here for lunch with some friends who are big fans for Sushi and it was delicious! I have been craving Sushi like crazy and this was more than satisfying. We had the Bagel Roll and NFL roll but the Earthquake roll was my favorite. I will definitely be back!
2	Food: ekk...putting alto of soy sauce and butter doesn't make the food taste better...just salty. Service: SUCKS big time...our waitress was so so slower were seated before another group and they done and left before we got our meal cooked. The orders were put in wrong. Keep having to ask for drinks refill; guess because of the over salty food. Price: There's a saying "you get what you pay for" It's cheaper than Benihana. I rather go to Benihana and pay more and get better service and experience.Overall: Would most likely not come back...the Pineville location is alot better.
3	So in my search to create a Japanese Steakhouse list, we stopped into Kabuto last night in the University Area. Sushi bar up front and the cook-tops in the back. It was a slow night, so I was curious to see the quality of the staff. Typical menu of soup, salad, rice, veggies, noodles and choice of meat around $18 for single, and $21 for combo. When we arrived, the soup came out just as we sat down, then the waitress took our drink order. A little odd and rushed, but I moved on and enjoyed the soup. Next was the salad which came with a choice of ginger dressing or ranch. Unfortunately, it seemed like the salad w/dressing was sitting around for pre-made with dressing on top. Ginger dressing was chunky and watery...had one bite and set it to the side. Next came the rice and veggies. To my surprise, the chef cooked everything at once and it wasn't done with the same excitement and precision as other steakhouses I've been to. After the rice, veggies and meat came the noodles...all piled on the same plate. I prefer the rice to be in a separate bowl, but well. Overall...just OK. The chef was OK and the food was OK...gots of leftovers as always. They also get you in and out in less than an hour...some might feel rushed, but it felt OK to me as I wasn't able to eat that much because I didn't have a break in between the cooking of other items...it was all piled on.
3	On my never ending quest to find the best Japanese steakhouse in Charlotte, hubs and I ventured into Kabuto on a random weekday evening. At first blush, this particular Kabuto isn't necessarily impressive from the outside or inside. When you walk in there is a room with a decent sized bar and a smattering of tables for the sushi eaters or hibachi haters - you choose. Since I was in the mood for a show, we choose to have the whole "experience" of hibachi and we led in the back room with eight or so double hibachi tables. The menu is standard Japanese hibachi, running $15-$23 for your choice of protein(s). The accompaniments support the shoveling of food: clear/green onion soup, ginger salad, shrimp appetizer (2 shrimp) fried rice, vegetables, noodles and your choice of proteins. So...where did Kabuto falter a bit? The service was pretty solid, the hibachi show was mildly entertainment, but the food...was uninspired. Don't get me wrong, it was fine. But when I see a talented hibachi chef using big pads of butter to cook all of my food, it turns me off. Thus the food tasted like bland butter, not the crispy, tasty, fresh hibachi I love (where they typically use oil). My other minor beef is that the food came out all at once - there was little to no pacing. So, everything butter laden was dumped on my plate. Meh. I'm giving this Kabuto three stars because our server was super attentive and the food was fine, but not great. However, I don't think I'll be back considering I enjoyed the whole experience at the other Japanese steakhouse just down the road.
3	Good food very tasty. Awesome show as well...
5	I absolutely love japanese and i'm always looking for a place that isn't too expensive but tastes great...well i found it!  kabutos has become my weekly spot and one of my favorite places to dine.  the soup is tasty and the teriyaki chicken is top notch!!   portion sizes are enormous so you def. get what you pay for!!  they also put on a great show so for those who like a little entertainment with their meal.  the staff is very nice and friendly.  my food is always made to perfection, drinks always full and the staff treats me like family.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
4	Delicious Japanese food and crazy fast service. As your seated for dinner your soup is immediately given to you as the waitress takes your drink orders. The amount of food the chef prepares for you is enough for 2 meals! I love that I always bring home a leftover box. I'm not a vegetable fan, but the chicken and steak is always cooked how I like it. My drink is always kept filled and the managers are always walking around the restaurant making sure everyone is kept happy. Marten and his brother really make you feel welcomed and they definitely remember returning customers, which I love!! Thanks guys!
2	Sushi isn't fresh tasting, in fact the yellowtail was just plain tough (imagine that.. the best fish ever, tough. Not awesome.)Everything was just mediocre at best other than the dreadful sushi. Bleh.I guess if you have to eat here, get something with their fried rice, which is pretty yummy.
2	This is the fourth and final place we stopped at yesterday. The sushi bar is small and there isnt much of a variety of rolls to choose from. The sushi chef was great and he asked for our likes and dislikes. He altered our rolls to our liking and they were very good. He handed us, in two seperate occasions, complimentary rolls that he felt we would like. They were both very good. We would like to give this place a solid 3 - 3.5 stars but as we checked out we found that we were charged for one of the complimenary rolls by the owner. Maybe it was a misunderstanding. Maybe we should have said something. We may go again because we really enjoyed the sushi chef and the rolls. The chef said he would "hook us up" next time but we're worried of the spying owner that may charge us again for a complimentary roll, but it wont happen twice without a fight from us. We'll see....
5	Went to Kabuto in Charlotte's University area with my previous boss today.  The service was wonderful, the staff made sure I was happy and the food was wonderful!
4	Wednesday nights and Thursday nights. 50% sushi discount. Need I say more?Going in there the vibe was busy, because people know where to go to eat sushi. Some of the tables in the sushi area is a bit small, but overall, when people leave and clear out the seats open up. I had 2 other people with me when we went. The selection of special sushi of course isn't written up, so the trick here is to ask the waiter what off menu specials there are.There are special rolls on the back on a white board, but that could be a little bigger to attract the customer's eyes and so it can be ordered more often instead of looking at the paper where customers usually order sushi. The dragon roll my friend ordered, she enjoyed it.Overall though, I have definitely come here more than once because of the 50% discount and I have eaten my fair share of sushi here. I recommend to try out the hibachi grill as well they have in the back.
5	friently staff, good half price sushi on wed &thru. great place ..Sushi and beer ,,what else can you ask for!
5	Nothing too exciting on the outside, I probably wouldn't have given Kabuto a shot  if it wasn't a UNCC hot stop for its half off sushi. Every Wednesday & Thursday they offer half off all the sushi/rolls- an awesome steal, it was the only thing ever getting me through my night class! Everything is always fresh-double points for fresh sushi. I'll explain my 5 star rating in a quick second! I live right down the road from this place and It is weekly staple for my friends and I- even though I always forget to 'check in'.I think I just don't want my yelp friends to see how much I eat here! Since Yelp prides itself on local business- the two owners alone deserve 5 stars. Every night you will find both owners socializing with guests, filling drinks and even making rolls behind the bar- talk about hands on! I can only review on the sushi portion since I haven't made it past the sushi bar in years. If you're an adventurous sushi eater you must order off the specialty roll menu go for the Jackpot,Carolina , Harris or Arizona rolls- they won't disappoint! If you're looking for  something simple, spicy tuna always hits the spot. If you're going to eat on a Wednesday or Thursday service my be a little slow- any other night, the sushi bar has always been speedy. You can't pass up a sushi meal for 10-15 bucks!  Always a satisfying, fun and easy night out. Nothing too fancy! See you next week...
2	I'm home alone tonight so I decided to treat myself. I ordered filet mignon and chicken combo. I didn't get any soup- I guess they don't know how to do soup for take-out.  I'm not sure if I actually got filet instead of sirloin or strip- it was cooked beyond any recognition of cut, even though I ordered it medium. The ginger sauce on my lettuce (not really salad- just iceburg lettuce) wasn't good to me, but that may just be my taste. The chicken was pretty dry too.The rice and vegetables were pretty decent. Overall though I was so let down and would not return.
3	The food was good but the chef did not speak the whole time while cooking. I am not sure if it was his first day :\
3	Food -- 4 starsHibachi grill was good. I had Filet and Shrimp and I thought it was very tasty. The chef wasn't a Hibachi entertainment pro, but he got the food tasting good and that is the most important thing.Service -- 1 starService was mediocre. For my party, the waiting staff consistly gaffed on our orders. One colleague wanted steamed rice but didnt get it. Another colleague received a beer with a cracked bottle lip, and almost cut herself. I ordered an appetizer and never got. While the staff was apologetic about the missing appetizer, the bottle incident was handled very poorly and left a very negative feeling from my coworker.***HOWEVER, the night I went there was a frat pledge party so with 100+ hormonal college kids wrecking havoc, I would give the staff a pass on that. They were managed decently well, but we were left out in terms of quality service. Atmosphere -- 2 starsMeh.
5	Great food and staff!!
5	This locally owned family restaurant has been a favorite amongst University Area residents for years now.  Located just across from the University, in the back of the Harris Teeter, Kabuto's is probably the best Japanese style Hibachi and Sushi spot in the University City Bubble.I LOVE their sushi.  Their fresh-water eel is unmatched.  I also love their California roll (sometimes I add salmon to it).  The sushi is always made fresh to order.  The rice is always soft and the wasabi is strong just the way I like it.Although I am partial to the sushi bar located in the front of the restaurant, I have on the rare occasion, sat in the back, and partaken of the hibachi experience their fun and entertaining chiefs put on.  The experience is always entertaining and the food is always above-par. There's nothing not to like about this place.  The service is ALWAYS exceptional.  I have been here well over 50 times in my time in Charlotte and have never had poor service here.  There is always plenty of parking located directly in front of the restaurant.  Kabuto's is one of those rare establishments in the University Area that are worth driving to if you don't live in the University City Bubble.  Though I don't live in the UCB anymore, Kabuto's is one of the few places that I still return to dine at on a regular basis. EAT AT KABUTO'S!
4	Sushi was ok for a cheap price
2	Had the worst service ever there. I used to go on a regular basis, but the service has been going down hill and finally hit bottom. I really don't think the waitress spoke English. We waited for 20 minutes to get our check and had to ask again for someone to find our waitress for it to finally come. Then another 15 minutes to get our bill back. When we complained to the hostess, she said oh, ok.  There's plenty of Japanese Steak houses, we will now be going to another.
3	Although I went on a Weds. Night for the half off sushi I ended up with a shrimp hibachi meal that I could not even finish! Overall the food was very good and I had plenty of left overs to eat the next day . Our cook was really nice and did all of the normal tricks and what not. I did expect a bigger restaurant when I walked in but I guess it's a good amount of space! It seemed like they had maybe 4 or 5 hibachi tables and then other normal dining room tables for non-hibachi patrons. The table behind us seemed to have an issue with their cook but it looked like the manager took care of that quickly. Overall I would come back it's a decent priced hibachi meal with quick service. The parking in front of the restaurant seems a bit tight not sure if there was more in the back but I can only imagine what it's like on a fri sat night!
4	Word of mouth made me skeptical of this place but in not one to shy away from a restaurant because of what people say. The restaurant- it's what you would expect of an establishment on this side of town. Bigger than what I thought. Nice little setup though.The show- not as impressive as other Japanese restaurants I've been to. While the guy talked to is a lot and made us laugh, I didn't see much flying through the air like I'd hoped.The food- fried rice and the steak was good. He cooked it to a nice medium rare, suggested a mustard sauce that was incredible paired up with it
4	Good food, good service and karaoke night on Saturday is hilarious. Not the nicest or the cleanest restaurant ever but if you want cheap decent sushi go for it! Very simple rolls and a menu where you check off what you want. Enjoyed it.
4	Great quick fix for sushi! Wednesday and Thursday 50% off sushi cannot be beat! Quick service and relaxed atmosphere. I ordered two of their specialty rolls: dragon roll and Carolina Sunrise. Decent for the price but the dragon roll tasted a bit bland. The crab salad on top of the Carolina Sunrise had a bit of wasabi kick to it. I was expecting more of a volcano roll crab salad on top but this was a nice surprise. My cousin got the lucky 7 and jack pot rolls. Lucky 7 really hit the spot! Most of their specialty rolls consisted of shrimp tempura.
5	Kabuto has wonderful age tofu. I've been her numerous times with my boyfriend. We are still new to the area and last week when we ate at Kabuto's, we noticed that our car was running out of gas. The owner gave us directions and told us to call the restaurant if we ran out of gas before we got to the gas station and that he would help us. That is wonderful customer service.
5	I love the food and the prices.  Wed and Thursday  sushi half off.  Hospitality and  great customer service.  He owners are very nice and the waiters treat you with respect.
3	We decided to go here in search of something different to eat and wanted an experience to go along with it.  The place is kind of dingy and run down looking around the restaurant on the inside, but hey we weren't here to look at pictures on the wall but see what one of our amazing (hopefully fingers crossed) cook can do in front of us.  So we are seated and there is another table adjacent to ours who was seated probably 5-10 minutes before we were.  With that being said, we received service from another cook and not theirs.  If we had the cook the table next to us had, I would have given this place four stars.  He had a lot of energy and was very personable with everyone at his table, something our server lacked.  He was just going through the motions, not much personality to go with him.  The volcano was the most exciting part of his "exhibition."  The food was decent enough.  I got the shrimp and it tasted good, just not enough shrimp as part of the dish.  This is not a place I would regularly go to, since it is a place reserved for more special occassions or dinner dates.  So, overall not the best or the worst experience, but my takeaway from it all is whoever your cook is can make or break your experience here.
5	Can I just say I absolutely love this place!  I was actually a waitress here back in 2005. I left because I moved back to los Angeles California and yet I have not found a place that is as good as kabutos. They have benihanas out here yet still not up to kabutos level. I would really love to see a kabutos out here! I think I might just take a flight to north Carolina to have some kabutos.  Great owners and staff. Try the shrimp sauce on your rice. The best!!
3	The food was delicious. The cook was entertaining and very social. Our server however was the disappointment of our trip. We sat for almost fifteen minutes before being greeted. She did not refill out glasses until they were completely empty. We sat for another fifteen minutes after we were done who our meal waiting for our dessert. I asked another server for a Togo box and she just turned around and walked into the back room/ kitchen. So I just grabbed my own. We are now still sitting and waiting for our check to be brought. The table across from us sat down and started after us and they are all gone now. Very disappointed by service here. Not sure if we will return.
3	Our cook lacked the organizational skills to get the meal on our plates so that we could enjoy it without an item getting cold. But, he was pleasant and courteous, and I made it enjoyable because he was trying. The owner should clean the carpets and be sure that all cooks are ready to entertain and get the food on your plate in a timely manner before they are called to service.
4	4 stars for 1/2 price sushi on Wednesdays and Thursdays! Nothing incredibly inventive here. Basic sushi and good hibachi, if you choose to sit at one of the cook-in-front-of-you tables. Not super accommodating of special sushi requests, but that could've just been the waitress. Overall the rolls were good for a great price. The sushi rice wasn't mushy (a huge pet peeve). And the service was efficient. Don't come here for ambience, but if you need a cheap sushi fix, this should do it.
4	Great food. It's your average show hibachi. Ours was not that great because there was a small child at the table who was terrified of the loud noise and the flames. They did take her outside. The plum wine was delicious! If you want good hibachi and have the extra cash I'd recommend it.
