4	Attention all shoe gluttons: This is your place! Located near Buffalo Wild Wings, across from the Macy's end of the Galleria mall, Shoe Factory is now open for business.Here is what you need to know:1. No pair of shoes is over $10.882. Mostly women's shoes (very small selection of men's, no kid's shoes)3. Mostly heels for the younger crowd (think bright and sky-high)In the battle between quality and quantity, Shoe Factory is on the side of quantity. These are not name brand shoes and it is smart to keep in mind that you get what you pay for. But holy moly. For those of us with closets full of Rhapsodielle and Ross, this is practically heaven. It's a relatively small store and it is *packed* with shoes. No square foot is wasted. In addition to stacks upon stacks of shoe boxes, there is a clearance rack, where nothing is more than $8.88. Oh, and the back wall is lined with purses. I've been assured that the stock is rotated daily, so you're bound to find something new every time you go!
4	4.7 StarsLocation Overview:This location is in a great area. It is next to Galleria at Sunset Mall. It is across the street from Sunset Station Casino. There are a few different restaurants nearby (Buffalo Wild Wings, an Asian Buffet, Macaroni Pasta place, Panera Bread).There is a Walgreen's and Buy Back's as well. It is in the same shopping circle as Galleria at Sunset just in a small shopping center. Over all the place is good. Brand new store, clean, next to Plato's Closet. A little crowded with shoe boxes stacked very high. Customer Service:The women at this location are fantastic. They greet you right away and ask if you have any questions or if they can help you look for something. They most definitely have a good crew working here. No complaints.Quantity/Quality:The quantity of the shoes here are pretty good. They have a very high stack of every shoe. The quality of the shoes so far are just as good as paying $60 for a pair of flat Toms or Vans. They have a wide variety for women's shoes. They have boots, heels, flats, running shoes, snow boots. I did notice a small selection of men's shoes. This small selection of men's shoes only has about two rows. I bought some cute flats from this location about 3wks ago, I have to stand for about 8hrs straight (NO SEATS, NO STOOLS), and the flats are quite comfy. The pricing on the store most definitely is not false advertisement....... Everything is from $8-$25 on shoes. Well worth it.Side Notes:Not for those who are claustrophobic. ;) Very crowded with shoe boxes.
5	Aaaaaaammaaazing! I had so much fun shopping here! The staff was super friendly and VERY helpful! There are 1000's of shoes to drool over and the price so cheap that you don't have to choose one pair or the other- just buy them both! The price on shoes is $10 and some change. The sale shoes range from $5-$8! The boxes of shoes are stacked almost to the ceiling and since I am short the sales people helped me get my size shoe which always seemed to be on the bottom of the pile! I never even had to carry around my purchases, there was always someone there to grab it for me and add it to my growing pile on the counter! I don't think me and the sales staff stopped laughing the whole time- so upbeat! I left with 7 pairs of shoes for a little over $50.00. That included some sale ones and regular priced. They also have adorable handbags! I can't wait to come back to this store!
1	I loved this shoe store and I was a regular customer there.  Recently I bought two pairs of flats there. One of the flats that I bought were to large for me so I went back to the store to exchange them. Long story short she said I could not exchange them because they had been worn but they had not been worn. I was just there the day before. I asked them to talk to management and still they would not exchange them. She basically called me a liar and said her girls would never sell the shoes to me like that. I asked her if I could speak to management myself and she said that she was "being nice" but her manager was an asshole. This place is very unprofessional and had terrible customer service. I ended up leaving my flats there since they would not exchange them and i am sure there plan is to resell them because they had already cleaned them off. I will never be going back it sucks because I really liked this place but I refuse to go somewhere that does not care about customer satisfaction and is proud to say there manager is an asshole. You may have resold my shoes  but you lost a lot more because you lost a good customer. I was asking for my money back I simply just wanted a pair of shoes that fit me and they were making a big deal out of it. its pretty ridiculous considering the fact that the shoes are 11 bucks. worst customer service ever!!
1	I used to love this place and go all the time. But I had just walked in and the staff there was very rude. I'm pretty sure they're seasonal or something because they didn't even seemed like they worked there. They're closing in less than 20 minutes and the girls are literally sitting on the counter. It's such a shame because this is a really awesome place to get shoes.
