5	What a great concept!  Without insurance I have been unable to visit the chiropractor.  The Joint offers affordable care for people just like me. . . 4 visits for $49 and just $19 a visit after that during any given month.  I'm hooked. . . .
5	I'm on my feet all day in heels. I get massages on a monthly bases to ease the pain on my back and the stress I carry on my neck/shoulder. I was a little hesitant about chiropractic at first but Dr. Noggle eased my worries. She is very easy to talk to and explain everything; answers any questions I had. Now I see her ones a week to help realign my back so I can continue wearing high heels :). The added bonus afterwards is you sleep well at night. The price is great and the place is convenient. No appointment necessary. Walk in when ever I find the time in my hectic schedule. The office staff are friendly and offers water when you walk in. The place is very clean. I highly recommend the Joint and visit Dr. Noggle.
5	I recently moved to Las Vegas, and really needed to find a chiropractor!!!  I used Yelp, and found The Joint on Sunset.  I have been going to see Dr. Noggle for about a 1.5 months and all I can say is she is "Awesome"  I was having problems with my shoulder and she was able to give me the treatment that I needed to get this problem resolved!!   I am always able to get in fast, and I love the fact that you just walk in.  The office staff is friendly and I have enjoyed every visit!!  I would recommend them to anyone that is in need of an adjustment!!
5	First visit and feeling better. :) Hope it continues, will let you know. Clean, quiet though a bit weird being in the strip mall and smelling the BBQ from across the street. Doc was friendly and so was Alicia at the desk.------Edit------After a week my back is feeling better and hope it continues. They really seem to care, that's always nice!!
5	Great chiropractic treatments and expert outpatient consultations, at an affordable rate for my family.  Dr. Alexis and Dr. Will are both top notch practitioners.  Alicia, the office manager, is very caring and professional.  I feel great in large part due to the care I receive at " The Joint " !   Erwin
5	Dr. Noggle is fantastic with her patients!  The membership program is great for my family!
5	Very satisfied with this place.    I do hair for a living and this is exactly what I needed to help my stiff back and shoulders.   Cant wait for my next visit.
5	My first visit was incredible... From check in to dr. Noggle very professional.  Thank you yelpers for the advice and recomendation, i feel like a new person
3	So I signed up for the monthly plan and wa going every week, but it was the same adjustment no matter how much I specified my trouble areas. It's kinda like the great clips of chiropractic care. One adjustment fits all. I will be going back to my Chiro that evaluates what my body needs every visit and adjusts me accordingly. I will say though that Dr Noggle is extremely nice and friendly, it's just too bad she's in a place like this.
5	This is my very first ever Yelp review, and it won't even be biased.  Well maybe a little, but only because I highly recommend them.  So yeah, I'm biased now, but honestly biased.  In fact, I'm a little hesitant to give them 5 stars because I don't want them to be a line next time I pop in.Sitting between Pei Wei and Chipotle, it's foot traffic paradise.  Nevermind that though, if I make this a regular routine, you better believe I'll be eating with flavor right after.  So yeah, can you say win-win?I've always been pretty weirded out by crackling bones.  This was my first ever experience after having severe lower back pain (chronic web-site geek) the last couple days.  So right away, you shouldn't give this review too many s-h-i-t's.So the friendly female chiropractor (sorry forgot her name) seemed knowledgeable.  She analyzed my posture and problem areas with pretty good precision.  Soon after she did her thing twisting and cracking.  I expected more of a huge relief of pressure everyone brags about, but that wasn't my experience.  Either way, I did slightly better afterwards and the video they make you watch prior gives you the perception that you'll be in a wheelchair by 50 without some chiro in your life.I can't say I'm a true believer yet in the practice, for me at least.  I'd compare it to stretching your muscles on a regular basis.  Seems like it's a good idea to do it once in a while!So yeah... if I'm going anywhere to get my spine unraveled, this is the place!  I didn't opt for the monthly membership, but I did pre-pay for 5 sessions which resulted in like $110 (don't quote me on that).  I'll be going back for a follow-up next week!  Happy cracking.
5	I have only been coming here for 2 or 3 months but I love it. After just 2 visit the receptionist remembered mine as well as my boyfriends name and always greets us by name. The staff here is so friendly and remembers little details about you. If you're in need of chiropractic care this is the place to go!
4	First visit was yesterday. Easiest process ever! Sign your papers for your chart, watch a short introductory (and very informative!) video of what exactly to expect by being adjusted. Given your little key card/bar code scanner and the receptionist says that its your virtual chart (pretty nifty if you need to visit another location!)I was a little nervous, as this was my first adjustment. Joe was kind and he talked me through what he was doing at all times. Ahh, the relief! Just hearing that POP (by the way, isn't your bones popping!) and feeling more flexibility and range of motion is a relief! The receptionist explained pricing, and all of their packages are totally worth it. Can't wait to go back!Edited to add: I received in the email, a handwritten thank you letter from them! In a day and age of less than average customer service, this was a nice little touch!
5	Dr. Noggle is the best!! She's the only one I allow to touch my back. Great customer service and very personalized. I would recommend this going here to anyone!!
1	This place is keeping itself in business by promoting weekly and monthly recurring customers.  They play a video about diseases related to back troubles of which 75% would be thrown away by the American Medical Association. Some chiros will help you. They will not. I was told that one visit does nothing and repeat trips are the only way to get relief.  Nice receptionist, but morally bankrupt premise that their business is built on. Not practice. Business.
