5	My husband and I LOVE El Metate... we joke about putting a line item in our budget for this place we eat there so much. Their food is delicious, they are family owned and operated - always friendly. Their hot sauce is to die for, both green and red. It's possible I like El Metate better than Amados!
5	When I worke d in Chandler I used to eat here DAILY.....The green sauce can't be beat, period.
5	This place is what mexican greasy pits are supposed to be - it's filiberto's-ish but a little more personal and seems almost like it's family run. Is it shiny new and clean? No. It's cheap mexican food, with awesome flavor and lots of good greasiness. Nobody is ever in there for lunch which is kind of nice because you can see them cook your food fresh and don't have to worry about how long meat has been sitting in a tin. I always get a carne asada taco and carnitas taco which are always awesome. My only negative is once my carne asada tacos had a little too much fat and gristle on them but eh for $2 each you only expect so much.
4	I agree with what Liz already said.  The one thing I had to mention is the green salsa it is fantastic and makes everything there taste awesome.  They should bottle it.  This is definitely a hole in the wall kinda place with very "home cooked" Mexican food. The restaurant is kinda shabby, but not offensive and the staff are always very friendly.  The food always comes out quick and they make it up right then.
2	This is a standard looking hole-in-the-wall Mexican food restaurant just like a gazillion others in Phx.  Unfortunately this one is pretty lame.  I got two enchiladas, one chicken and one beef.  Neither meat is anything I'd recommend or buy again.    The dark brown sauce scared me and didn't taste much better than it looked.  Some sort of beef sauce I think.  It wasn't awful but it was nothing I want again. My copilot on this adventure said her chicken tacos were not so good either, and when we got back to the office she noted that we won't be trying that place again.The place was super quiet for a Friday at 12:30pm. Punch machines were off, a 4yr old was scootering around behind the counter, and I think there were only two people working.  I wonder if they'll be in business next week.
5	We really like this place because there's never a wait to order, the food is freshly made and really good.  If you don't mind the wait for made-to-order, this is the place.  Prices are reasonable and you can hear the conversation if you dine in.  A local favorite.  Try it, you will not be disappointed!
2	First time here. Decided to try this place based off  of the 4 star rating from Yelp. Once my boyfriend and I walked in we were bombarded with the large amount of chairs and tables even though the place was empty and not a single person walked in while we were waiting for our food. It was 5pm and the back looked like they were about to close. We placed our order and sat down while they were making our food. What was disturbing to be me was they were questioning their food to each other. They have a window where you can see the cook make the food and I saw that they threw the fish and the rolled tacos to fry in the same deep fryer which is a major cross contaminate. After the fish was done in the fryer they threw it on the griddle and saw the cook poke the fish like she was looking for something and then smelled it like if she was trying to determine if it was bad. We still kept our minds open and gave them an opportunity to see if the food was good because most hole in the walls places have some of the best food. We came home and openes the take our boxes and was disappointed. It looked very plain and ehhh. We took a bite and sure enough it had no taste at all. I would not be coming back to this location or recommend this place. Oh and they only accept cash only. I was disappointed.
