5	I can't take credit for this awesome find, I owe this one to Ms. Shelly who introduced Theresa into our lives more than a year ago and I have been a loyal follower ever since. In a word .. Theresa is absolutely AMAZING with color, styling and cuts. And she uber talented and is the epitome of the Aloha Spirit. The Hawaiian Islands' loss is most definitely Las Vegas' gain! Theresa is THE hair stylist I've always wanted. Not only does she somehow end up doing EXACTLY what I want with my hair, she's so personable and laid back that my haircuts always feel like visits with a dear lifelong friend. She has done color for me many times and I am always so happy with the finished product! Highlights in all the right places!   She knows what I like, she knows what my hair needs, and she sends me away feeling awesome. This woman is really great at what she does and is passionate about it. So go make an appointment with Theresa! You won't be disappointed! She's simply the BEST!
5	If you want good hair, go see Theresa Paio! It's funny how Hawaii people always find their way to each other outside of the islands.  I came to visit my BFF in Las Vegas after a month of long hours at work... when I arrived, I was a wreck. My gray roots were grown out, my hair was a disaster, and my friend immediately said to me that I should go to see Theresa.  To say that I'm picky about my hair (or my  nails or anything related to my self grooming) would be an understatement.  And I have so much hair most hairdressers have no idea what to do with me.  But given my state of wreck, I agreed to make an appointment and off I went.  So, I walked into the salon and of course I was nervous.  I have had many bad hair cuts, colors, etc... and it is always nerve wracking when you see someone new. But, those nerves went away pretty quickly because as soon as you meet Theresa, you realize how fantastic she is! She listens, she cares, she's honest, she looks at you and knows and will tell you what will work and what won't.  But beyond her talent, she is just an incredible person!! The minute you meet her and sit in her chair, you feel like you've known her forever.  I got my roots colored, then highlights, and a cut.  I explained that I need to color my roots for my grays, and as for the highlights, I said I do not want streaks... and viola, no streaks and my highlights look natural (and not that orange/brassy color that happens to most Asians who try to highlight their hair).  And as for my cut, I stressed that I want to grow my hair out. She explained to me that she needed to take off some length to even out my hair and she showed me exactly how much and she did exactly what she said she would do.  When I left, I felt anew!!  And the best part of all is that I felt like I made a new friend!!   Trust me, go see Theresa, you will not regret it!
5	amazing service, professional & super detailed oriented. Couldn't ask for more moving from out of state and finding someone reliable and that can do good job I believe I found the Jackpot with Theresa Paio.
