5	Our ac stopped working on a Saturday morning in mid September of 2013.  My first response was to call Tate at Fresh Breeze.  He had completed some work for my Mom on a Sunday afternoon and there was no extra charge for coming out on the weekend.  Fresh Breeze was at my house in less than an hour and had our ac working until we could purchase a new unit.  My unit was over 15 years old.  So of course, we purchased our new unit from Fresh Breeze and we could not be happier.  My electric bill has gone down dramatically and we could not be happier with the service and courtesy shown to us my Fresh Breeze.  Thanks, Tate!
5	Tate Wanless owner of Fresh Breeze Heating and Cooling is one of the most honest and trustworthy business owners I have had the privilege of knowing and working with.  He not only takes care of all of my HVAC needs in my real estate business but takes great of my whole families HVAC needs.Thanks Tate for all your excellent service and friendship,Gary WhitleyGary Whitley HomesBuilt by Referral Realty Group
5	If you are looking for honesty and integrity in an HVAC company, you should consider Tate Wanless and Fresh Breeze Heating and Cooling.  I used Fresh Breeze for HVAC maintenance and I couldn't be happier.
5	I've personally used Fresh Breeze for years as well as referred my friends and family also.  They operate with the utmost integrity and have always given me a very fair price.
5	I'm a  single mother of 4 and just bought this home. I woke up at 3am to the sound of water leaking onto my carpet (coming from my smoke detector of all places). I got up in the attic and noticed the air conditioner unit had a small leak.  I emptied the drip pan that was overflowing to buy time before I could get someone out to look at the issue. I called Tate and told him I thought the pipes were clogged and needed to be snaked. He had Ben come over SAME DAY and got it taken care of. Come to find out, it wasn't clogged pipes but it was draining uphill.  Both Tate and Ben explained how things work and answered all my questions. What EXCELLENT customer service!!! I will for sure be using Fresh Breeze in the future for any of my A/C issues and I will be reccomending them to all my family and friends.
5	Tate and Ben are very honest, trustworthy and charge a fair price.  I've called on them multiple times now and they are always punctual and do an excellent job.  They take the time to explain and/or show you what the problem is.  Thank you!
