5	I'm an RN and had lived in the Valley for 4 years, doctor-hopping due to lack of attention, concern, too busy, unavailability, etc.  Then we found Dr Lakin.  His office is in a convenient location, the staff is friendly and very professional, and they remember your name!  Almost unheard of these days.  The doc gives plenty of time to talk to you, listens to your issues, and treats you like he really cares about your health.  He is also very computer savvy and responds to his patient's questions by email if desired, which is great for my family, since we don't always have to wait for a phone call.  I would recommend Dr Lakin to anyone who likes a small, 'personal attention' type of internal medicine practice, as opposed to a 'large factory' doctors office.
5	Doug Lakin is one of the best doctors I've ever encountered -- as his 9 consecutive "Best of Phoenix" awards will attest.  He is warm, personable, and knows his stuff.  You never get the feeling that he is rushing you or disregarding your concerns.The office itself is standard fare - a lobby full of elderly patients and a semi-unfriendly staff who will keep you waiting for 30-60 minutes without communicating a thing.They also take very few types of insurance and I have always had to pay out of pocket.Nevertheless, I will go to see "Dr. Doug" as long as I live in the Phoenix area because I trust him to give me top-of-the-line medical care.
5	Doctor Doug is the best in town.  He doesn't accept most insurance so he's also probably the most expensive, but they will try to submit on the part of the patient.  Agree with others that the staff can be gruff, but when you deal with sick people all day long I can see why.  Doc's motto is taken from Patch Adams in that "The secret of caring for the patient is in caring for the patient." and I can tell you first hand that he really means it.
5	Dr. Doug is the best, without a doubt.  I've been going to him for years and I can tell you that no doctor I've ever dealt with gives as much attention and concern to his patients.  He's very energetic, intelligent, fun and loves to talk with his patients.He also has a great website!  What else can I say, he's my doctor, he's great at his job and I love him!
