1	I wish I could rate negatives but I just put a 1 star which is definitely not deserved! A friend and I wanted to order a pizza and as soon as we parked in the parking lot we seen the employees shooing us away saying we are closed through the window. Wow, I already know most pizza places close the inside about 10 or 11pm so we just wanted to get the number off the door so we could order delivery, but to stare us down from the inside and shoo us away is a no no! We could have easily went to domino's across the street but we were in the mood for pizza hut. Also, on the window we looked at the hours of operation and they were suppose to be open til midnight and it was barely 11pm. And as soon as we left the parking lot one of the employees ran to the side window to make sure we left!!! If that is not horrible customer service I dont know what is! COME ON Pizza you are better than that, well at least I thought!
3	I decided to order a carry out, when I arrived was immediately greeted by customer service. Since this had the WingStreet option, I ordered an eight piece bone out wings with a p-zone. Said it would take about 15 mins. Notice they were busy, it was Friday afternoon. But the cooking area seemed to be having a lot of fun. The manager was one of them, their drivers were standing around waiting for their orders to come out. I did get my order with in twenty minutes, no problem.  Since their competitor Domino's is across the street from them, you would think they would do all of the little extras to keep their flow of customers? Inside of this place looks like the surrounding area! Just because you live or work in the ghetto doesn't mean you have to act like it? Clean the place up! Replace the missing panels in your lowered ceiling! Put some coats of paint on the wall, spruce the place up? I have always enjoyed Pizza Hut, and I will continue to use them. But next time in this area, I just might go across the street?
3	Boneless hot wings were good - plenty spicy hot. Almost too much seasoning, but good. The pepperoni P-Zones were undercooked and not the least bit crispy on the outside. It was good that they accidentally gave us double the marinara sauce, because the p-zones needed it. Very dough-ey. We got the food delivered and it took 75 minutes for delivery. Driver did apologize for delay and told me that they are short of drivers at the moment. Not the greatest, but the hot wings hit the spot.
3	Not a huge fan of this location. My past experience has been delivery and carry out. The first time I ordered my delivery was 45 mins late. My food was cold. The driver was nice he just was lost and instead of calling he was walking around the complex trying to locate our office. The second time I did carry out. Well my food was prepared in a timely manner though I did not realize it until I got back to the office that my full order was not there. I was missing several wings in which I paid for. I did call the location and they credit my account for future orders. The location was super busy though holding a very professional demeanor in serving everyone who walked through the door.
1	Horrible services and they are all bitches never again ruin the order and we still have tp pay full price
1	Am I forced to give a single star?? Yelp fix this issue first. Coming back to Pizza Hut, this girl working on 7/25/14 @ 8:45 pm was rude and mean to me after I gave them almost $600 business. She says she can't deliver to me being mean and rough and hung up phone on me. Fire her because that's not a good customer service. My business is not going to freaking Pizza Hut anymore just because of her.
1	OK, so we ordered pizza for delivery and we made a mistake on our address, we just moved and have an incorrect apartment number.  After we realized our mistake we called pizza hut only to find out the driver had attempted to deliver the pizza but could not due to our mistake.  After calling the store and correcting our error we waited for our new pie to arrive. We waited, and waited and waited.  After more than an hour our pie was delivered and it was... Horrible!  I am confident that it was the same pie they attempted to deliver more than 2 hours ago.  Called the store and spoke with the manager who was less than friendly and was assured that a driver would be by, sometime tonight, to pick up the pie and give us a refund.  We shall see....
1	I ordered online. I received an email confirmation. After waiting for 20 minutes past our delivery time I finally called. The manager (Caitlin) said that she tried to call and received no answer so cancelled our order. Apparently it's policy to call and confirm the order. That was NOT conveyed when I placed my order. Caitlin (sp?) said she could replace the order and we'd wait another 35 minutes for our food. What's the point of ordering online if not for convenience and expediency. No thanks! I'll pay a few extra bucks and go across the street to My Mother's from now on.
1	The incompetent girl taking pizza orders for delivery last night clearly sucks at her job. She said her delivery driver was outside my place calling me several times and even left a message. Prove it. We waited an hour and she didn't think to try calling the number as well? Instead she just cancelled my order all together. I know for a fact I gave her the correct phone number. It definitely wasn't a mistake on my behalf that's for damn sure. I recommend you don't go here. EVER. She hung up on me and blamed me for it. Unreal. Customer service here blows. She didn't even try and make it right and send me a new one. Go to Z Pizza, Pino's or Dominos. Seriously anywhere but here! Especially if that girl still somehow has a job there.
