3	This place is a little hole in the wall located on the Trade St. side of the Gateway Plaza near Johnson-Whales University.  The place is pretty small, so don't blink if you're driving/walking by it or you may miss it.It's a very cozy little place that has both a younger and older crowd.  They usually have some pretty good beer specials and on Fridays after work they have....*pause for dramatic effect*....$0.50 draft Bud Lights!!!  I know, I know, my mind exploded too the first time I heard this.  It's everything you've dreamed of and more since you left college and started paying $3.50 for a bottled beer at every other bar in Charlotte.This is a great spot to kick off your Friday night and also a good place to watch a game on Sunday.  They also offer live music throughout the week, either bands or DJs.
2	The Pub at Gateway is somewhat oddly situated, considering that it's just around the corner from the larger and more popular Cedar St. Tavern, and like a lot of the Gateway area establishments, it's a smaller place catering almost exclusively to those residents who live in the area, i.e. you're driving from somewhere else in town to get to this place. It's fine if you live nearby, but is otherwise not worth any travel. What I like most about the Pub is that its mellow--never too crowded, never too loud--but never totally empty. It's great for an after-work drink with a friend, or have a beer or two while watching a game on one of the TVs. There are quite a few "regulars" who populate the place, so there's a nice familiarity and coziness to the place. There's a nice little outdoor area if the weather's nice, and the tables are usually available, which is rare in the area of Charlotte. The food's pretty good but nothing special (again, it's bar food, after all) but the Pub has great beer specials that change regularly. You'll never really pay too much for a drink, which is definitely nice. Nearby restaurants and pick-up places make it an ideal waiting place before grabbing grub elsewhere. On some nights, the place can be a little wilder (try it on a Thurs if this is what you're looking for), but most of the time it's pretty sleepy, which is just what Gateway likes.
2	Not impressed.  We sat at the small bar area and it looked like the poor (but nice) bartender couldn't move around much back there.  Had one cider and chicken quesadillas which were interesting due to the addition of bacon.  They were good, but I kept thinking about the bacon flavor.Overall, due to its location, I will likely not return.  It just had no character.
3	This watering hole has some seriously good drink specials.. I mean, 50 cent or $1 Bud Lite!!  Ian like!!  I also heard the wings are something to write home about.  I was itching for something else though and I ordered the pulled pork sandwich.  It was succulent and well worth it.  The environment is something that I loved as well.  Only because I really enjoy kinda dive bars.. Small and cozy type of place with an eclectic crowd..  Enjoy.-Ian M.
4	2 words....DAY LOAD!!!I was traveling and I had stopped in Charlotte for a day. Well, this day quickly turned into a week, after I stopped here. Great Specials. Great people. I got there around mid-day and just starting throwing them back hard. I probably had 18-25 beers before I left this place. I was lit up! I woke up in a ditch with no shirt or socks, but I still had my shoes on? just no socks! haha! how bizarre is that? They had a decent selection. The drinks were reasonably priced, maybe even call them cheap. The bartender was awesome. It was an older guy that I proceeded to discuss numerous topics with. He quickly became my boy. I got hooked up with a few buybacks. I'm a big fan of that. Good for business. Next time I am in Charlotte, I will be stopping by here for a cold one or 15! haha
3	Tiny little place within walking distance of the Doubletree.  They served Guiness on tap which gave them an extra star in my book.  Otherwise, it was just ok.  I wouldn't go out of my way to hang out here.
2	Let's just say their specialty isn't food or cocktails. Then again, it's a pub. They generally have good specials and the occasional keep the glass deal.
4	Friday = $1 drafts all night = Awesome. Occasionally you might get yelled at by a homeless alcoholic patron about something regarding your hat, But I dare say sir, what what good dive bar doesth not have such things???
5	Caveat: This is my review for "The Pub" as a lunch spot.I work in one of the Gateway buildings and was looking for a place to watch Euro 2012 a couple weeks ago.  Cedar Street Tavern serves Pepsi and I'm a snob, so I decided to check out The Pub.AWESOME lunch special.  Currently it's $5.95 for a half sandwich or $7.95 for a full sandwich.  Comes with side salad (I think), or fruit cup, or soup.  Get the soup.  All the soups I've had are good (Chili, Steak & Cheese, Corn Chowder, Potato).  They also have those mints that are really just candy.  And they always give me a to-go cup of Diet Coke.The french dip is definitely the best sandwich.  If you're going to go with a half, I'd say the club is pretty good and more filling than others.Overall, a good lunch spot.  Never been at night, but highly recommend it for what I go for.
4	50 Cent beers on Friday nights? Umm, yes please. I can grip four of those bad boys at once with these hands of mine. Haven't had the chance to eat anything here before......actually didn't know they served food, to be honest. I ended up here on a Friday night because two of by buddies lives in the neighboring Post Gateway apartments and they wanted to pregame on the cheap before we hit the main bars/clubs up the street. Nothing really fancy about it......probably no bigger than 1000 square feet, music was decent (from what I remember).....typical Top 40 jibberish, the female bartender that night looked pretty good....one of buddies was mingling with her. I think we got some free shots out of that encounter, haha. Moral of the story, I would stop through in the future......you should too
3	You NEED to come here on Friday. $.75 draught beer, $1.25 if you would like a proper pint of it. Yes, its Bud Light, but who cares?I've heard good things about their food, but I've only had their cheese fries, which were okay. I honestly stay loyal to their ridiculously cheap beer. Stay good, Pub @ Gateway.
4	I always enjoy The Pub at Gateway. Good drink specials from time to time and half priced appetizers from 5-7 on weekdays. I only wish they had blue cheese to dip the wings in (at least they didn't the last few times I was there).
3	There aren't enough places like this in Charlotte, although there is a clustering of them in the French Quarter not too far away from it.  It is essentially a small college dive bar across the street from Johnson and Wales University.  It reminds me of the bars near the colleges in Buffalo.  Very cheap drink specials such as 50 cent Bud Light drafts and they were also advertising their upcoming 6 year anniversary part - $6 drink and drown which is very rare in Charlotte.  A Groupon steered us towards here before a show, and I was pleased with the food.  It is burgers, wings, salads, and wraps, but some stuff is homemade, including their sauces and hummus.  All of their bread comes from Nova's Bakery, which is nice since I'm allergic to most mass produced bread.  I got a basic cheeseburger which was good, but the grilled bun was awesome.  The fries were likely frozen, but they reminded me of Checker's/Rally's which is why I liked them.  Service from the bartender was good.  This definitely isn't a place you will set out to have a fancy meal, but it is good for the price and if you are in the mood for it.  It is small, can be loud, and our table was very wobbler.  For us, it was A-OK.
4	There needs to be more places like this in Charlotte. Tucked away on West Trade St, this eatery is easy to miss if you are not looking out for it but trust me, you'll want to look out for this place. In all actuality, it's a small college dive bar, walkable distance from Johnson & Wales. But what comes with a small college dive? Cheap drinks... make sure to gander at the chalk bar behind the bar when you walk in. That's your specials for the night. And recently to celebrate 6 years, they were offering up 50 cent Bud Light drafts. Can't be that anywhere! But more than the drinks, it's the food that makes this place stand out. I tend to head over a good bit for lunch. Their running special is you can get a half sandwich with a soup or salad for $5.95. If you want the whole sandwich, it's only $2 more... believe me, get the whole sandwich. Even if you can't finish it, you'll be craving the Pub later on so might as well have a back up waiting. The turkey gobbler is phenominal - has to be the best turkey sandwich I've had in Charlotte. The meat is Boar's Head and sliced fresh in the back and is served hot on sourdough - ahhh my favorite bread and compliments the ingredients beautifully. I've had about half the menu so far and nothing has been average - all have been delicious and I crave this spot at lunch. Ohhh and the buffalo chicken wrap... I usually get this on sourdough as well. Soooo good.
1	There is a reason this place is dead every night of the week...Service is pretentious and horrible, the drinks are overpriced, and the food is packaged/processed/microwaved. When there are 3 people in the restaurant it shouldn't take 20 minutes to get a drink, and cold food is completely unacceptable. To those lauding the drink specials, show some self respect... You can get a $2 bud light at the gas station and likely get better service to boot.I rarely take the time to write bad reviews, but they earned it. Do us all a favor and never visit, hopefully they'll close and make way for a decently managed establishment.
3	Let me amend my review, because I refused to let them wither on the vine, so to speak.They have outstanding specials, price wise, and the food isn't half bad. Get the right bartender and you'll actually be happy.And id hate to see them close.
2	I've been here many times and never had a very great experience. First off, it's VERY small inside. That's not a bad thing but is something to take into account. The first time I went the bar tender working was overly pushy. If I took a minute between ordering drinks she would constantly comment about it and make complaints about how I was nursing my drinks and stuff. Not a big deal but kind of annoying. I also ate lunch there with friends and the food took forever and they messed up 2 out of 3 orders. I will say the food was good though and they were nice enough to bring my dog a water bowl which is always a plus. I've visited multiple times for 50 cent beers (I think that's how much it was) and almost every time they were out of that beer even though it was really early.
4	This is a very intimate dive bar and the flavors are BIG! I could have used a few more beer selections, but the local beer they did have on hand fit my fancy quit well! Food comes out fast and the beer comes out cold. Great spot to go to lunch and socialize with the other locals that have found this place! I will be back!
2	It's bar food. It all arrives freeze dried and then they drop it on the grill or in the frier.
3	The drinks are good and relatively cheap for Uptown. The menu is a rather limited selection of sandwiches and standard bar appetizers of average quality. Folks come to watch sports on tv, flirt with the generally attractive waitresses, and to play poker for free on Saturdays.
