5	Yay, Chef Nobu breaks out on his own and establishes a sushi bar Uptown! Although the address says it's on 6th Street, Bonsai Fusion is located inside the 7th Street Public Market. Park in the garage, bring your ticket to be validated.It's the smallest sushi bar in Charlotte, with a whopping 4 bar stools, but if you are one of the lucky ones to snag a seat, you are set for a tasty treat! Don't let the 4 stools fool you, there is plenty of seating indoors or out on the patio. They make up for their small bar with huge smiles, generous rolls, and gigantic flavors that will make your tastebuds do somersaults!There was a fantastic special running when I was there: 2 rolls for $8 or 3 for $11. Hello, sushi for a steal of a deal! The sushi is creatively named, inspired by the 80's. Ask for the Blue Velvet! Nobu and his business partner do a fantastic job and put out some of the most delicious sushi I have ever eaten. They are very creative...have you ever had a sushi sandwich? I hadn't until my stop here and it was delightful.If you love sushi, you will want to come here. Don't let the casual and small space deceive you, it worth it's taste in gold!
4	Walked into 7th Street Market I had my mind on Fran's filling station but my co-worker mentioned that the chef behind the sushi bar was actually from the old Cirros (sp?).  I'm glad he told me and I'm doubly glad I ate lunch here.It's a solid lunch both from the food and taste plus the costs.  $11 for 3 rolls and the rolls are 8 piece rolls!  You will be hard pressed to beat that uptown I think.  The service was great and I will certainly be back for my sushi fix.
5	While waiting on the Daily Show taping during DNC, my boyfriend & I were starving.  Enter 7th Street Market & Bonsai Fushion!  These guys used to provide the sushi at Dolce Vita in NoDa, so we know they're good!Menu is solid, especially for it being somewhat a "pop-up shop" type set up.  They were very clean.We went with the Avant Guard roll & Blue Velvet roll - SO good!  And yes, as others mentioned, they have specials & lunch specials, which make so much cost sense!They offer a variety of beverages from the drink cooler.You can sit at their bar or sit at the tables within 7th Street Market.Prices are reasonable & fall in line with what you'd expect from regular sushi restaurants.  Plus, if you're military, fire, police, B of A employee, or hospital employee, they give you 10% off with a valid ID.The guys working are very friendly.
3	Found inside Seventh Street Station this sushi counter is fast, fresh and friendly!  It is a tiny counter with a few bar stools if you want to sit and watch the sushi made.  Otherwise there is seating in the common area.  The staff will bring out your order if they arent super busy.  Excellent roll options - my fav is the Godzilla (with cream cheese which is 50 cents extra).    They have lunch specials and discounts for some employers like Bank of America ec.  If you park at Seventh Street Station parking garage they will validate you!  I have made this my Friday lunch spot - yum!
4	For as much time as I spend in 7th Street Market, Bonsai was next on my list to check off. I'm a sucker for sushi and really love a good fresh roll made with local products. These guys are a small setup, right next to Tasty Yo, in the market with an easily readable menu. Not too short and not too long. They have all of your favorites -- California, Spicy Tuna, veggie and so on. I really dig that they have lunch specials. Sometimes I'm in the mood for old reliable, but there are times I'm looking to be blown away by something I've never had before. That's what happened this week...Two words: Sushi Burrito. Holy mess this thing is amazing. Spicy tuna, avocado, all of the regular sushi veg, rice, and a brilliant chipotle-honey sauce rolled up in a tortilla. Absolutely fantastic flavors. When I was in San Fran, there is a place that specializes in sushi burritos, and I wish I had a chance to try it. This totally satiated my hunger! Would love to see this on rice paper or a large nori wrapper instead of a flour tortilla. Maybe soon! Prices are fair. Around $9 for lunch. Bonsai has totally won my trust and patronage. Can't wait to go back!
1	What a disappointment! After seeing all the great reviews, we walked all the way there from where we were staying... only to find that it was closed. Had there been hours listed on their Yelp profile or website - or even a phone number - we could have found this out without wasting our time.
4	Talk about great personalities - we had a great time talking at lunch with the Bonsai staff ! Super friendly and quick service : ) +1 star alone for this. We took advantage of the three roll lunch special for $11 - but I wish we had went with two for $9, because it was way too much food for my dining partner and I (we had six total)...I was stuffed, and we had a lot leftover! These were pretty basic rolls, but the sushi was fresh and they honored my request of keeping the tuna whole (not a fan of the chopped type). I will say next time I may get some of the other special roll options because the rest were pretty basic, I like a little something extra in mine. I may also check out the burrito since it looked pretty awesome. The rule to remember with parking: it's validated for 90 minutes BUT*** you do not validate it until you're ready to leave or you'll run out of time, they only give you 20 minutes to leave after it's validated. There is a machine by the door next to Bonsai (ask and they'll point you in the right direction).
5	I love this place for the fresh sashimi that just melts in my mouth.  The freshness so good it reminds me so much of heaven - which would be a sushi restaurant in Little Tokyo. I usually go for standard fare - basic sushi rolls and sashimi.  I think I might have to break free of this habit and try the other things on the menu like their specialty rolls or their burrito.As for the time... they are staffed until right before 5pm (I asked one weekday) even though the 7th Street Market is open until 7pm.  Very friendly, they offered to make  my take home if I call them around 4:30.  And it would be ready for me to pick up at 5pm. (I work right across the street from them.)  Love it.  I should get that number for you off of my desk at work...Extra perks: the personable staff, the 10% off BofA discount, the free parking with validation.
4	Rocking lunch special. Not just for standard business lunchers Mon-Fri. I hit up the market one Saturday afternoon and was excited to see the $9 for two roles $11 for three special was the real deal. Their fish is very fresh and the service was on point. I like the retro movies playing on the tv that marry well with the movie themed menu items. I had the Philly, tuna and avocado and tilapia and avocado - well I split this. Great for sharing with  hungry boy and great deal.
4	Stopped in here for lunch during a weekday which would likely be the reason it wasn't very crowded.  We were greeted and served immediately!  The two staff members that served us were so funny and personable.  They held a conversation with us for almost the entire time we were there!  The sushi prices were great.  In fact, it was so cheap, my friend and I ended up with too much food.  Thankfully, they have boxes and chopsticks to go!  The sushi tasted good but it wasn't the best I've had.  However, I think sushi is always relative to price.  So if you're not wanting to spend a lot but want a decent roll - stop in here!  Added bonus - the 7th Street Market, which is where Bonsai Fusion is located, will validate parking for up to 90 minutes.  Make sure to bring your parking ticket in with you and stop by the door on the way out to swipe it in the machine!I also enjoyed that after our meal, we were able to stroll around the market and pick up a few items.  Overall, it was a very pleasurable experience!
4	My family and I have been going to the 7th Street Market every Saturday for most of the past year.  We usually hit Pure Pizza, Not Just Coffee, Cloud 9, and Orrman's Cheese Shop.  We had seen Bonsai Fusion Sushi but we were a bit skeptical of how good it would be... for whatever reason.  We recently bit the bullet and tried it out....and it was fantastic!  The ingredients were so fresh and the two chefs/owners are great guys and always very accommodating (especially since I live north of Charlotte and often can't get down to the market until close to closing time).   So far we have only had a few of the more traditional rolls but we are looking forward to trying one of the many delicious sounding signature rolls.  My daughter now craves their sushi and looks forward to our weekly pilgrimage.....just one more reason why we love the 7th Street Market.
4	Located in the 7th Street Market, among a few other great places, is this "little" sushi counter.  I ordered the Kani Salad, great ginger dressing, and the Top Gun Roll, which was probably was of the best spicy tuna rolls, topped with tuna, salmon, and hamachi, in Charlotte.  The reason I am giving it a 4, and not a five, two things stick out. First, the roll was a little small, 6 pieces, for $12?  And, I am not a typical person to complain about the price of sushi, but $18 for lunch, and it only 6 rolls and a salad, seemed a little high, when other sushi places in downtown offer a roll, salad, and egg roll for less than $10.  I would definitely go back, but will be sure not to get suckered on the speciality rolls, but rather try some of the lunch specials others mentioned in their reviews. Overall, great sushi!
4	Even though there was a line, the sushi came out fresh and well presented. The miso soup tasted lightly fermented and much more delicious than the packets I usually drink at home. I really enjoyed that Bonsai Fusion keeps escolar on the menu. Many sushi places either don't carry it or use the "white tuna" euphemism to offer escolar and other white fish, but I appreciate that BF is straightforward about what fish you will receive. All in all, Bonsai Fusion is a good lunch spot and I will likely be back.
3	Bonsai's sushi isn't the best I've had. It's certainly not the worst though. This little corner of 7th street market seems to serve decent sushi at a decent price.Some of the rolls are more imaginative than others such as some sort of roll with mango and shrimp tempura. The guy making my sushi was super nice and when he noticed that I wanted to go find join my friends at the table offered to send it to me once it's finished if I wanted to sit down!Ultimately the problem lies in the rolls they have on offer. They're forgettable sadly enough. The quality is okay, the price is okay, the creativity is okay and so this place gets rated as an okay place.
4	I've never been a sushi person...  Luckily, I've been challenging myself to try new things and I have happened upon some of the best tasting things ever... Case in point, the Twins roll at Bonsai... Shrimp tempura inside topped with shrimp and fresh mango finished off with a refreshingly light pineapple aioli... Did that sound mindblowingly delectable?  Because it was...  With the sriracha and soy sauce sidecars?  I was incredibly impressed... All of the ingredients were light and fresh... I'm going to Captain Obvious it right now and say that wasabi was blazing hot... I loved it!  I'm not sure how pricing goes because as I said, I'm not up on the cuisine, but $9 for this roll seemed fair... I was full, but not sluggish and that's the best way to finish a meal when you have things to do afterward...The boyfriend's not really into sushi either... I think I'm going to take him here for his first time, too... Because, confession, I might be a sushi person after all... I definitely know I'm at least a Bonsai person...
4	My hubby and I finally made it to the 7th Street Public Market - and we're so glad we did. Bonsai Fusion is a little sushi spot among the other cool vendors in the market. I had the Die Hard Roll - very good! And my hubby had the bean curd roll - which was also tasty! The next time we're in the market - we'll be back!
5	Love this place and the dudes who run it.  Moved to Charlotte last year from Oregon/California and have STRUGGLED to find any sushi that my west-coast-spoiled tastebuds could tolerate.  After too many overpriced, flavorless, disappointing sushi meals, these guys swooped in and saved the day.  Fresh-ass fish, creative rolls, great prices (especially on the three-roll lunch special), and extremely friendly proprietors.  I'll come in on a Saturday, bang out some lunchtime sushi and then hit up Not Just Coffee. Good livin'.
4	This is a great little shop to get a health lunch of sushi.The owners do their best to keep the fish they use to be as fresh it can possibly be. The portions are just about the right size.They can be found in the 7th Street market along with other eclectic vendors. My meal was about 14 dollars with out tip.So if you in the area check it out.
5	These guys are great. They take a tremendous amount of pride in their work and their menu and strive to offer something unique to the Charlotte area. If there was ever a handcrafted sushi experience, this would be it. Very rarely do I order off the menu, I ask Nobu what's the freshest he has and tell him what I'm in the mood for. And he'll have something incredible rolled up in no time. I highly recommend that path vs. the path most traveled, aka, the menu. But, for the menu traveler, you'll find fun there, too. All the rolls are name after 80's movies!
4	Just tried the sushi burrito and it was very good. The combination of flavors worked great and would highly recommend and order it again. I could have used for more tuna but that's the only drawback.
4	Surprisingly good quality. Rice smells a bit over cooked but overall good quality. Price is $$ rather than $ considering it's not a restaurant.
4	Having been to 7th Street Market a handful of times, I was hesitant to grab sushi from this place.  I don't know why I waited as long as I did - their fish is pretty fresh.Me and this one stylish (and cool!) chick grabbed lunch here on a Thursday afternoon.  I ordered the 9-piece sashimi lunch special - 3 pieces of tuna,  3 pieces of salmon and 3 pieces of white tuna.  All for me!  It was a little pricey at $14, but I guess you pay for quality.  To be fair, quality is good compared to the rest of Charlotte.  CA still has the best sashimi/sushi available on LOCK DOWN.  The dudes that own the place are friendly and nice.  No complaints there.  If I have a hankering for sashimi mid-day, I know where I'm headed.dmo out.
5	Stopped by here on my way home and was glad I did. The service was great! Staff was friendly and funny. I had the sushi burrito and the quality of tuna was good. The burrito was well balanced in flavor & texture. You really should try it!
5	i like the sushi man that make sushis!!!!!! i look forward to eating more of his sushis. yuuummmmmy
