2	We were hungry and not willing to wait to cook or for restaurant service so we decided to grab some Subway on our way home.  At the last minute we changed our minds and got Kyoto Bowl instead.  The husband was a little over-enthusiastic to try it and I warned him to keep his expectations low, but not as low as Yoshinoya Beef Bowl low, ugh.  Anyway, we walk in, and as expected the place is decorated like every other Kyoto Bowl with ugly white tiles and ugly white benches.  There is too much white, and considering the location, it was more like grey.  They also had two fish tanks for me to stare at while waiting for our order.  One of them was half drained and the other had half a dozen tetras swimming around.  Real fancy.Anyway, I got the Teriyaki Chicken and an egg roll because nothing else really sounded good.  There isn't a lot to choose from anyway.  The husband got the Orange Chicken.  My Teriyaki chicken was just meh.  The chicken was a little overcooked and the sauce was so bland.  I figured for sure I would get a tasty, over-garlicky sauce here, but no.  The egg roll was okay, a little soggy though.  I also found it a bit odd that the meat inside the egg roll was beef.  I thought pork was the norm.  Anyway, this place is definitely not worth going out of your way for.
2	This chain revels in '90s kitsch, which I love because all these ugly pastel blues and pinks reminds me of how stupid design was in 1992. Please don't change it!I went here yesterday and no one was here during lunch hour on a Sunday. Strange, but whatever. Ordered teriyaki chicken and the lady friend ordered ... something. She didn't know what it was but it had noodles and some kind of bird meat. My rice bowl tasted decent and generic and I finished it halfway. The Girl couldn't get through two bites of her meal because it didn't taste like chicken (maybe it was duck? I doubt it.) and it smelled like fish. She also didn't finish her eggroll. How do you screw one of those up?Later, the Girl said she was lucky we didn't get food poisoning, but I still used it as an excuse to get out of work the next day. Ha! Take that corporate America! I would probably eat here again because I have a stomach lined with acid stronger than that stuff in the Alien movies, but I won't be taking my sugarpie loverbuns anywhere near here.Love,Tekel
5	Love Kyoto Bowl's teriyaki chicken and other dishes! Sad that some of their other locations have closed.
1	Wish I'd yelped before agreeing to eat here! Pseudo Japanese "food" made with generic, untasty ingredients. Be prepared to use a LOT of soy sauce.
1	Walk inside to see hear Spanish music, see quite a few Spanish magazines and TV guides laying around and the cashier spoke very broken English but could speak Spanish. Kind of an odd way to put together a Japanese food establishment in my opinion but I ordered anyway.I got a chicken teriyaki bowl, a california roll, and crab puffs. The chicken teriyaki bowl was the only thing that I could actually eat. The california rolls were about an inch across and took four bites to eat and even then were dry, bland and was 90% rice. Sushi is supposed to be bite sized. The crab puffs were large but the filling was just horrible. It tasted like they had sat in the freezer for a month before they fried them using old oil.Overall the prices are high for what you get, the food is pretty horrible, and the service is meh. The cashier had to point to my total because he couldn't say it in English. I won't be going back again.
1	One star is being nice.  This place has deteriorated more and more over the years, but today, the food was simply disgusting.  Yak isobar was not edible, smelled like vomit.  Dark meat with gristle and chunks of fat, and sweet and sour chicken soaked in oil and not even slightly crispy.  The place is dirty and the bathroom is filthy and stinks terribly.  I doubt this place is owned by the same people it once was....it is unacceptable.  Don't waste your time, money or appetite.  They do not deserve to stay in business.  I am only being honest and not trying to be cruel.  I hope they clean up their act, but it's hard to imagine at this point.
2	Not horrible, but not great. It kinda makes me think of it as a younger sibling to a noodle place in a mall. Definitely felt the 90's vibe with the decor.
1	Remember in the 90s when Kyoto Bowl was good and you could page your friend, he'd call you and you could ask him to stop by the Blockbuster to pick up Terminator II swing by the Kyoto Bowl and grab you a Teriyaki Bowl?  Then that dude stole your girlfriend, you got an iPhone, Blockbuster closes virtually every store around, and Kyoto Bowl started serving awful food that smells like bile in a bowl.  At least you still have Terminator II.....now on DVD with bonus features.  If you're tempted to re-live the 90's at the Kyoto Bowl, just play some Pearl Jam and grow your goatee out instead.  You'll be happy you did.
4	I think the food is as good as it was ten to fifteen years ago.  I feel bad for this particular location as the neighborhood had hit the skids, and the lite-rail keeps depositing a steady stream of homeless and downtrodden individuals right out front.The orange chicken was great.  (Tip: Order your chicken dish with all white meat to avoid getting the parts of the chicken that have no name).  I thought the place was clean and the food good.  I do think its time to remove the long ago empty and unused fish tank, kind of depressing and a sad internal reminder of what the neighborhood has become.
3	Food is good. Decor is outdated. Fish tank is empty. Clean. Never a line. I come because it's close to work, great price, good food, in and out, but i wouldn't want to hang out.
3	I can't really hate on the place. I come here usually once a week when working nearby. The place is indeed not very inviting, will make you feel like you're the only one who has eaten there all week and nothing fancy but if you have fond memories of all the Kyoto Bowls the valley used to have a few years ago at least the food will be familiar (and the decor too sadly. I'll call it "nostalgic"). I swear by the Oyako bowl (chicken sauteed and then cooked in a Japanese broth, and then finished with egg and served over rice), the only item I ever get and I'm sure the Chicken Teriyaki isn't bad either. Just realize it's not fancy, not amazing but better than most fast foods for sure.
1	I stopped in for lunch last Friday and ordered a Teriyaki bowl. There was one other party in the restaurant besides me. That should have given me a clue right there. The person who took my order was decent. I got the order rather quickly. It tasted good but when I got down to the end I was very shocked. I took a look at a 3" strip of chicken I was saving just to check it out. Well there was some chicken but mostly fat and grissle. I put it back into the bowl and threw it away. That is something I would throw away and not serve to anyone. I thought what are these people thinkin serving something like this to someone. Please avoid this restaurant no matter what you want to eat.
