1	Purchased two pairs of glasses for my son and picked them up today.  I would never pay their prices if they weren't on sale.  They are 2 - 3 times as expensive as other places.  By biggest issue is their terrible lack of service.  When I picked out the glasses and paid it took over 20 minutes to be helped.  I asked if they were just busy today and their employee said, "No.  It is actually a little slow."  I couldn't believe it since there several of us waiting to be helped.  Tonight was no different.  It took 20 minutes of standing in line to simply pick up the glasses.  Like last time, there were only two employees working.  I won't be coming back.
1	I waited about 40 minutes for my appointment with the optometrist, thought I had an appointment. The exam itself was fine, though there was a lot of disorganization apparent through several staff interactions I observed.Afterward, I was browsing frames and had questions about the cost, but the staff told me, verbatim, "It's not worth calling your insurance to get the exact pricing until you're sure you want to purchase them. It's a hassle to call back then if you decide then you're not getting them." They weren't sure whether or not I could be eligible for their 2-for-1 promotion in addition to my insurance benefit, and couldn't seem bothered to find out.I think the kicker was when I asked about their hours they explicitly said they were really busy Sundays but there was only one employee then, so don't come. I wondered, if you know you get a lot of customers at a certain time, wouldn't it make sense to staff appropriately?Thanks, but I'll take my money elsewhere. I'm going to shop around, and if you can't accommodate that, you won't get my business. Don't go here.
1	yes i must agree w/my fellow yelpers i understand they are under new mngt so i thought i would give them another opportunity so i poped in and right when i walked in the door i heard a yell from the back of the store ....I'LL BE RIGHT WITH YOU SIR........which was at least an acknowledgment i was there un like my first visit a year ago when i walked around in the store while the staffed argued with each other never the less i was there a 1/2 hr and the only employ was with the same guy she was with when i walked in and there were two people in front of me so i said x*%& this and left
4	I have been going there for five years. I get compliments for men and women on my glasses. They have always provided good customer service. I was always helped right away, sometimes there was wait, but then I got to browse their selection.  I understand now that they are under new management. I went in there today and they were falling over themselves to help me. Even though I had gotten satisfactory service previously, I was taken aback by their enthusiasm this time. Give them a shot!
4	I popped in the other day to see about getting some new glasses. I've never worn glasses before, and this was on my way home, so I figured I would stop in and at the very least just browse the frame selection. I was pleasantly surprised by the nice staff and I ended up actually buying a pair.When I came in the door the staff were already helping other customers. I was told someone would be with me as soon as they could be. I browsed the selection for about 15 minutes before the other customers finished looking at a pair of frames and left. No one helped me initially, but I did ask one of the associates and he gave me some help.Its worth mentioning that while I was browsing my son decided to start throwing a fit because I would not let him play with the drinking fountain. An associate Ian went out of his way to actually give me a bottle of water for my son to drink. This was a very nice gesture, and I really appreciated it.I finally selected a pair of frames I liked. The staff were able to call my insurance and see what kind of discounts were available to me. Unfortunately my insurance only covered one pair of frames, so I could not take advantage of the buy one get one free sale, without having to pay a lot more. (The buy one get one free sale only includes plastic frames, but I opted to get the polycarbonate frames for an additional $90)I was very happy with the turn around time. It only took them an hour to have my new lenses in the frames and ready to wear. When I came to pick up my lenses the lab tech Ian helped me adjust them to my face properly. He gave me lots of good info about care for my new glasses and really went the extra mile to make a good impression. I was already impressed with their kindness earlier, but this was the icing on the cake. He even let me know they do free adjustments and replacement the nose pads for free!I would give 5 stars If the other staff would have helped me right after finishing with the customer before me. Not a big deal. I would definitely go there again.
4	I didn't buy any glasses here but instead came for a free eyeglass adjustment. I bought some eyeglasses online (the drawback is that you can't get them adjusted if you buy online) and they fit really tightly around my head. I called other places and they wanted to charge me $10 but not here. Everyone was super nice too, might consider them in the future for eyeglasses since they seem to have good deals on 2 pairs.
1	I am not sure that anyone that works at this company knows what the definition of customer service really means.  The service is unfriendly, slow and the facility is filthy.  I've used restaurooms in gas stations that are cleaner.  Not to mention, they're not really inexpensive, in fact quite the opposite.  We had planned to get glasses but after waiting about 30 min after the eye exam with 3-people ahead of us, we decided to just take the script and go.  Now I find out after trying to order glasses online, that they didn't provide the PD (pupilary distance) on the script so we have to go back in to get that measured because when I called they said, "its not something we normally provide" - um but in order to get glasses you need the PD so what good is the script!  I freaking hate this place!
5	Many places are dropping their prices since the cost of corrective surgery and contacts is more affordable than 5 years ago, so what keeps me coming back to this business is the service. For being a large company, they make you feel as if you're in a small "Mom and Pop" kind of shop. I'm always greeted with a friendly smile and the staff is always patient with me. The General Manager, Jodee, runs a store that has restored my faith in customer service.
1	Very rude and unprofessional over the phone. We did not buy anything. Based on my experience and other comments, the ownership need to review their customer service and take action.
2	Friend recommended I check out their glasses. Arrived on a weekday, mid morning, greeted upon entry. One other customer in the store with various employees. 15 minutes later was asked what I was looking for, staff not too aware of their product lines. Asked a question and staff started speaking with another staff member and left me, disappeared. I walked out. If they're going to wear the professional looking white coats, be professional and assist the customer.
5	My trip to Eyeglass World symbolized yet another stage in my life - my first pair of glasses.  If I was in my 20's, I probably would have been bitter and requesting contacts. But, since I am not, I was excited to finally join the masses and get my first pair of glasses.  Specifically, reading glasses for work.  Eyeglass World had a lot of eye glasses.  It also had a lot of mirrors.  I had a blast trying on and critiquing frames.  After a  bit, I had six considerations, so I brought them up to the front desk to get some professional opinions.And this where I will say, THANK GOODNESS FOR MARY.  If you go to Eyeglass Word, make sure  you talk to Mary.  She has been working in the eyeglass field for her entire life and she looked at my pile of glasses in horror.  She picked up the first pair and said, "You are so pretty, why do you want granny glasses?"I jumped back. "No!  I don't want granny glasses!!"She picked up the next pair. "These are also something you would see on an old lady."She picked up the next pair. "Slightly better," she said. "This is something you would see on an old lady trying to look cool."And while the truth can be harsh, the fact is, I have horrible taste in glasses and should never be allowed to purchase eye glasses without supervision.  If Mary did not care, I would have walked out with the same pair my 82 year old grandma wears as she falls asleep on the couch while watching reruns of Lawrence Welk.Mary bravely took control and directed me to the frames that I had completely ignored - the kid frames.  These frames fit my narrow face better, come in the fun colors that I wanted, and were half the price.  Mary opened up a cabinet below and started taking out even more glasses. She held them up one by one, and handed them to me if they won her approval. With her help, I purchased a great pair of purple ray-bans that were covered by insurance and guaranteed to be nothing my grandma would wear.The rest of my experience was easy and fast.  I also got my glasses the same day. They were molded to fit my face.  They are everything I every wanted in a pair of glasses.  And the text I am typing is remarkably sharp right now. Needless to say, I would return to Eyeglass World.
5	Great experience for sure. Christina is an amazing optometrist and has a background in billing/coding. Very nice and personable. My insurance is an all inclusive and she worked with me and the insurance for the best rate. Go here and she can help.
3	I think this place is OK. I was new in town and need a inexpensive place for glasses and this hit the spot. They are very helpful and not pushy with sales pitches. Only not a big selection.
