3	OK,we have a few problems here. This place has a lot of items here. Maybe to much, maybe they should donated a few things to goodwill? it's just down the driveway? Looks like a family run place, and like the old saying! When the cat is gone, the mice comes out and play! The daughter was on the computer bragging to her brother on what ring she is going to buy. Mean while, there were customers in the store needing some help. Brother was trying to do some things but not offering much. I guess the mother was home or away. Because the kids just kept on calling her for questions. Place really needs to be picked up and cleaned. They have a lot to offer, but hard to get to since everything is just thrown in there. Mom, get the kids to clean up and help you run a decent business!
3	Went in for a quick peek at a store that I didn't even know existed,  just happened to spot it while I was going to another store.  I like little estate like shops.  They had some of their   sales items outside.  They looked like nice quality items,  but not cheap by any means.  We saw one dresser selling for over $400.  That's a little bit too much for one dresser.  Especially since the store is right behind a Goodwill.  Its a small space with too many items.  It's a little difficult to walk around and see everything.   I might go backhoe knows.
1	We had the owner, Michelle, come to our home to look at items we wanted to sell. She made an offer and told us to call her. When we called a week later she said she didn't want it but then agreed to purchase anyway, so we set up a pickup date. When no one came at the agreed upon time we called and was told they would be there later ... she was very busy because her partner walked out on her. No one ever called us or came that day! The next AM we called her repeatedly because nobody answered the phone. When the phone was finally answered, Michelle said "stop calling...she is no longer interested". Fortunately we found someone else to take our merchandise. This was a very unprofessional experience.
1	The furniture outside the shop was definitely NOT high end.  For example an old wicker chair and a tacky giant headboard  Showed her our very expensive perfectly maintained loveseat and chair and she said. I'll pass I only go for high end items. I said this is very high end.  She said but it's old.     ?????   I don't get her criteria and question her knowledge of furniture.  We gave to goodwill instead so someone will get a real deal!
5	I have been here a few times , after growing up with grandparents in the estate sale and used furniture business , I know it's a unique and tricky business. This is the perfect place to go when you don't want mass produced decorative items or the hassle of watching websites for the perfect piece. You can see a vision. I read a couple of the reviews on buying merchandise and I'll tell you in this business in this area you are going to make most people angry. With our elderly , transient demographic there are way more sellers than buyers and there's only so much space to show pieces. Thank you for selling nice quality American Made furniture in Surprise.
1	If i could give this place zero stars I would. Terrible place. I came for a bed frame that I called for earlier so they could set it out and it be ready. I was sitting there for a half an hour just waiting for the pieces to the frame because they were just "thrown around" in the back. Place is so cluttered with things you can't even hardly maneuver around the merchandise. The owner was completely unprofessional about things, and the person who was supposed to be in the back getting the pieces left and another guy took over. Now after waiting all this time. They don't have the matching pieces.
