3	I'm not a big fan of the concept of the Walmart Neighborhood Market - according to Walmart, it's supposed to "woo shoppers with easier parking, less crowded aisles and quicker checkout." I can see how that would be appealing to someone who treats Walmart SuperCenter as the place to do their primary grocery shopping. In that case, the individual would probably welcome the opportunity to skip out on the toys, electronics, home goods, and massive lines that characterize your average Super Walmart. They would probably be thrilled with the fact that this version of Walmart maintains the low prices but downsizes the space and speeds up checkout (and for that matter, has self-checkout, which larger Walmarts do not). However, since I shop for groceries elsewhere (my love, Fresh and Easy, or Fry's), only get food at Walmart if I'm also there shopping for other things, and see Walmart as a place to find home goods (paper products, cat food, towels) at really low prices, the Neighborhood Market doesn't really serve my needs. When I went to this location last night to check it out on the day of its grand opening, I discovered that the selection of non-food home goods is pretty small. As an example, they only had 2-3 brands of cat food. They also didn't have hard alcohol (only wine and beer), and the deli selection looked pretty slim. To sum it up, if you frequent larger Walmarts for food, limited house goods, and the pharmacy, you will appreciate having a downsized version of the store. If you like going to Walmart to find a really large selection of every kind of product, you will probably not find the Neighborhood Market too useful.
2	The Walmart Neighborhood Market opened last week. I heard a lot of rumors that it was supposed to be the "Fresh and Easy" of Walmarts. I'm not a huge fan of Fresh and Easy - I find them so so, asi asi, good for some stuff but can't do everyday grocery shopping there.The Walmart store carries groceries, a great produce section, bakery items, meat and frozen foods. their deli section left much to be desired.. Perhaps it was because I was there on opening day, but there wasn't much variety or selection. In fact there wasn't much variety of products other than the Hispanic foods, they have an entire section devoted to Marquez Brothers (a local company) so that was pretty cool. I grabbed a few items (crappy wine selection btw) and made my way to the cashiers. Now I know it was opening day, but none of them knew how to work their registers. It took me over 20 minutes to check out (I had 4 items).. Inpsite of the grocery store theme I still can't get past the taste of Walmart in my mouth. I'll probably still drive across the street to Fry's.
4	the fry's on baseline near south mountain is kind of beat.  i prefer this new walmart.  it's much less crowded, cleaner, and green!  as you walk through the freezer aisles the lights are censured.  i love it!  it's also cheaper groceries.  i've only been twice so i need to do some further research on products so standbye.
4	Love the fact they have motion sensors in there freezer section and that they have multiple plastic bag recycle boxes. Store is super clean and staff is helpful and friendly.
5	Walmart introduces the first Consumer J.I.T. Program Walmart, King of the Just In Time (JIT) supply chain, has listened closely to the voice of their customers through their money centers and social media marketing online assets like their 5 million strong Facebook Fans http://www.facebook.com/walmart and the data shows the consumers need some JIT of their own; the consumers need smaller and less costly sizes to hold them over until they cash their next pay check or they buy elsewhere.   It makes cents, which quickly add up to that Dollar sale Walmart was losing during the 3 day Pay Day crunch.Well enough said, they certainly implemented the best strategy to gather the data and determine the exact pay-days and buying trends in each stores locale, and now they've made it clear with a simple announcement that rattled the supply chain; Get Ready To Rumble CP's,  drop the twofers, the bulk and supersized buys because on this very day, and not a day to soon or too late, Walmart wants your 18 pack of toilet paper in a 2 pack to retail under a dollar and, re-configure that 48 pack of diapers for a 3 day 10 pack supply to retail under a Dollar.  Oh, but wait CP's, because we want those standard sizes back on the shelf on Pay Day.
5	Way better than the one on Thomas. I found this Wal Mart looking for some place else. Now it's the one I choose to go to. It just seems much more up scale and I enjoy shopping here more.
2	I occasionally stop in this store while driving past.  I will try to keep my comments on the positive side.NOTE if you don't read anything else: if you are shopping here, it is imperative that you check the expiration date for food items.  So, my comments here will primarily be about my experience with packaged food items in this store over the past 2 years. Generally, I don't buy a lot of packaged  food, but when I do, I go to Wal-mart because they generally have the cheapest prices.  But for a while, many of the items that I did buy were extremely close the expiration date or beyond it.   There is a certain brand of frozen biscuits I like to indulge myself in from time to time.  I've only seen them at Wal-Mart, of course.  So, I bought them at this store once.  I got them home and realized they had expired in 2008, it was early 2010.  Like I said, I may stop through here once a month in passing to do some shopping for packaged items - because I won't buy meat there at all.   I stopped through there a couple times recently and I have found that I only saw some yogurt that was expired in the cooler and salad dressing that was due to expire the next day.  None of the packaged items I bought were expired or extremely close to the expiration date - I usually check everything before I put it in my cart.I find that the produce section of this store is sub-standard at best.  Can I see shallots, buttnut squash, artichokes or any locally grown veggies/fruits?  They carry typical fresh veg and fruit.  I applaud that , but much of it looks unsavory and old.  Again, in the recent 2 months, I've seen an improvement in this area as well, so I applaud that.    Will I stop shopping there on occasions?  No. I won't.  BUT, I have experienced far better.
3	its walmart...nothing else to say
5	I really like this place because its really close to my house and all my groceries are bought from here. Literally everything
