4	Yes finally a dive I can stumble home from. Amazing interior tv's everywhere great specials. I got a new addition to my rotation.
4	I was pretty skeptical about this bar since I had been to it when it was previously Juggheads. I think anyone that's ever been to Juggheads knows what I'm talking about. I gotta say Castaways knocked it outta the park. It's owned by the creators of Giligan's in old town so it's got the same vibe, just not as... quirky. The location kind of sucks, and draws some funky characters but it's a great sports bar, and the food I've tried is pretty good so I'd definitely go back! I highly recommend checking it out!
5	My boyfriend and I frequent this bar every Friday night.  We have tried all 19 of Castaways pizza and if for no other reason, you need to go here to try them.  Their pizza is DELICIOUS.  It has a nice, comfortable atmosphere and all the bartenders are nice and welcoming.  If you're in it for the sports, they have TV's all over and are always playing the games.  Food and drinks are reasonbly priced as well.  And for us, the best part is that if needed, we could walk home. :)
3	The pizza is great. The drink deals are great. And almost all of the bartenders are great. The only reason this rating is low is because of the female bartender with dark curly hair who was highly offensive to guests we brought to the bar. We highly recommended Castaways and this was such an embarrassing experience. We are weekly visitors who tip very well (when earned) and if it weren't for the other bartenders who are so awesome (Hazard and Boston) then this would have been our last visit to the bar. Karaoke is very entertaining and it's a great bar to chill with friends.
5	We love this place!!! Great food...but even better the staff. Erica is the bomb! She rocks this place with her Chicago style. We love when she works. Guaranteed fun!!! Kevin...sold us on the  BEST pizza EVER!!! Yum!!! He always has a great smile. Then there is Boston...funny dry "wicked" sense of humor.  GOTTA love him...Gotta go...yummy pizza is here!!!
4	My first time here...Erica was great...perfect attitude for the place!  Pizza was very good, drinks were good, but the  place was a little slow for a Thursday Happy Hour.  Lots of sports action to behold!Will definitely be back.
5	Castaways is my JAM! I seriously love this place. It is such a good place to watch a game or just to hang out. Their drink prices are a screaming deal and they seem to always be running a kickass drink special. Their pizzas are also creative and delicious. We usually order the Obama Drama with red sauce. It is basically a Hawaiian pizza but it is covered in delicious bacon :)The bar has lots of TVs all over the place, a smoking patio, and bartenders with great attitudes.My husband and I spent about $30 for something like 4 shots of fireball, two pizzas, and 4 beers. Amazing. I just wish it were a little closer to my house since it never takes long before I'm in no shape to drive :)
5	My husband and I go here every week! We get food and a lot of drinks and we never spend more than 30 bucks! The people that work there are amazing and there's always something fun going on! Plus, it's right by my house! Never too busy either, which is what I like!
5	Castaways is your place for any sporting event. Off track betting everyday. Great food and drink specials.
5	This place is perfect! Wonderful bartenders and great food. One of my regular spots and I have never been disappointed.
5	Love this place! The atmosphere reminds me of a Southern Florida neighborhood beach bar. Its laid back, the bartenders are friendly, and its cheap. They're always running drink specials. They also have good sub sandwiches.
5	We love castaways! We live nearby and have always wanted to check it out. It's great for watching games because there are TVs everywhere. Also, their food is AMAZING. We've had the sandwiches and pizza and it's some of the best we've had. It's clean, not crowded, and a very "neighborhood" atmosphere. Love it
5	The only thing I remember about this night was the bar tab was $28 for 2 people drinking for hours and hours. I was expecting it to be like $80-100. Woohoo!
3	The on tap beer is like what you would drink in college, on your bad days. But the prices - AwesomeFood - IDK if I would try it but some of the regulars were raving.. some people came in by themselves just for dinner. Nice big salad at a dive bar. (Interesting)But, for being a non regular I don't feel the place was 100% inviting because of the bartenders attitude. It was... a bit.. ODD? to say the least. But nothing deal breaking.
