5	I was totally impressed by the owner (Rigo)'s enthusiasm and service. He makes the sandwiches taste better just by the way he makes you laugh! I have since referred at least a dozen of my friends to eat there, and I recommend you give it a try too!
3	It's a fair place but I wouldn't go out of my way. The portions are kinda small for the price & the food is mediocre. Not that you can expect too much from a chain, strip-mall style place. It'll do in a pinch but I'f recommend to try Corleones or Uncle Sams instead.
3	I was so happy to see a Charleys pop up in Arizona! For some reason we're like the only state that doesn't utilize this amazing quick restaurant. The thing about Charleys is that it's always been kind of expensive but the fries alone are worth it!This location seems to be a classic case of lost in translation. Their fries aren't nearly as good as any other Charleys that I've ever been to and their sandwiches can't even compare. The service is really fast compared to other locations because it's pretty much a ghosttown.Someday I'll get a great Charleys experience without leaving the comfort of my home. Someday :{
1	I was hoping for finally a good Philly but didn't find it here. They have the meat correct with exception of its quality. The bread seemed old and tasted stale. Finally their fries were a disappointment. I recall going to a Charley's in a mall and they were awesome! Unfortunately, that wasn't the case here :-(
1	My husband and I went there for our first time today. What a mistake. First of all, the ladies bathroom had no soap or paper towels to wash/dry your hands. My husband had the steak sandwich and I had the chicken ranch. There was so little meat on the sandwiches that we were perplexed when we were finished.  The inside trash was overflowing. I have been sick to my stomach the last hour....never again.
5	Amazing as always. The classic philly cheessteak will never let you down. Fast service, great food!
1	This place has sadly gone down hill and they don't even deserve half of a star for rating. I hadn't been here in years until today. Years ago this was a great place; clean, friendly, safe food handling practices, etc. However, this is no longer the case...Upon entering the store, a strong sewer smell was present. When I asked about the smell to the female cashier, she denied any such foul odor and persisted to take my question personally by being rude, continuously rolling her eyes, and then ignored me. When I asked to place my order, she continued such behavior. Might I add, she was the only one present in the store from what I could see or hear.She then began to grill my Philly Chicken order and my mother's Philly Cheesesteak order at the same time, but also used the same set of tongs to transfer both types of raw meats to the grill and for paper removal, without cleaning the tongs. This practice can cause a bacterial cross contamination risk. What made us cringe was the fact that she used the grill scrapper during cook time... lots of meat/vegetable debris was still present on the grill from a previous order. She then used that same grill scrapper (without cleaning it) to grill our food. Chemical sanitation was not present as well. At this point, my mother and myself were very upset, since proper food handling and sanitation was being severely neglected.During the last portion of preparing the sandwiches, the phone rang. She pressed a dirty button on the wall which looked to have never seen a clean day in its existence, with her gloves still on. With those same gloves, she finished rolling up my sandwich in paper to complete the order. Lastly, she tossed the mangled bags onto the counter and never said "thank you".Heaven forbid I get food poisoning from this experience. I will NEVER return to Charley's again.After this experience, I decided to search the Arizona Health Department Records. Come to find out, this "experience" I had is nothing new. In January, this location received a "D" and had 3 Priority, 1 Priority Foundation and 1 Core violations on that inspection.
