4	This just may be the friendliest Port of Subs I've ever visited. We came in the day after Christmas after stopping by both Big Lots and Target which happen to be in the same shopping center. We had been here before, but it had been a long time ago, before we lived on this side of town. The first thing I noticed was how festively decorated this place was. All the windows were painted, the inside was decorated, and they even had a fake Santa Claus. This just seemed out of character for a chain. The staff working were also fantastic. The two guys working behind the counter were courteous, quick, and funny. They treated us, and all other customers that came in after us like we were the only ones in the store. I love me some Port of Subs, so I'd come here even if the workers weren't chipper, but it was nice to see. Also, since some of the Port of Subs locations don't participate in the loyalty card, it is good to know that this one both takes the card and stamps the cards.
4	This Port of Subs location is one of the two that I eat at with great frequency. The sandwiches are consistently well made and fresh tasting and they're never out of my favorite chips or beverages. The employees are always friendly, attentive and quick. The dining area is clean with plenty of tables.  The things listed above may sound somewhat generic, but when describing a chain sandwich shop there isn't really a lot more to say. There are however, two things that speak volumes about this Port of Subs. The first is that while most of the rest of the shopping center they are in is dead and gone this store still survives and in fact, is usually pretty busy. The other thing is that the same folks have worked there forever. Generally these types of businesses have a big employee turnover rate. Not here! The bulk of the workers have been there for quite a while. I guess that speaks well of the owners. If they take care of their employees well enough to keep them, my guess is that they take good care of their customers as well.
4	This Port of Subs has some great specials right now- on Saturdays, 2-foot longs are $10.99 and Sundays, all cold footlongs are $5. You can't beat that with a stick!Now on the sandwich hierarchy, I'd put Port of Subs above Subway any day. As good as Port of Subs is, it still isn't Capriotti's. This particular location is one of my favorites - it's always clean and very rarely crowded. There are lots of tables and a clean bathroom.
4	Ate here for lunch for the first time and I thought the food was really good. The lady made me a monster of a sandwich which I ended up taking half of it home with me. The flavors were great and the bread was fresh and delicious. The quality seemed much higher than other fast food sandwich shops but to me they lack in having different choices. Which may be a good thing though, since they can concentrate on making higher grade food than having to deal with a huge menu (quality not quantity sorta thing).I would for sure go back here, I saw there is one up in WA State (my neck of the woods) so I will have to go hunt that one down and see if it lives up to my Vegas Port of Subs experience.
4	This Port of Subs is located in a desolate shopping center. The only thing in this place attracting any attention is the pitiful Target that happens to be the only "big-box" store left in the area.Establishment was clean, sandwich-makers were there, and came out to make my sandwich when I entered. All pluses. I ordered my usual - cheddar, ham, turkey on wheat. Made it a combo. It was a good POS sandwich.Will probably become a go-to for my lunch breaks.
1	Lousy service.  We placed an order for delivery online at which time it stated delivery would be in 1 hour 10 minutes if delivery time would be late they would call to notify.  At 1 hour 30 minutes with no delivery or phone call we called them only to be told our order had been ready for some time but they were waiting on their outside delivery service to come pick it up. We canceled our order.  They did not care to call us to inform us there would be a delay nor do they disclose they are using an outside delivery service that is unreliable.  I can not recommend this location based on poor management and customer service.
