5	I had a great appointment at Mayer Eye Care today. Dr. Michael Mayer was easy to talk to and very thorough. Eye care appointments can be very tedious but this one was easy and quick thankfully. I'm glad I found an good eye doctor so close to my house.
5	I'm surprised there aren't many reviews of "Mayer Eye Care" - I guess because there's nothing to complain about. ;-)  This husband-and-wife run business is a gem I HIGHLY recommend.My hubby was having some eye irritation so we walked in on Friday of Memorial Day weekend and I expected to hear "The Doctor isn't in". Instead we were greeted by a very sincerely friendly woman at the front desk who asked us to fill out paperwork, informed us of the reasonably priced exam fee, and was courteous enough to offer a discount since we had no insurance. Then enter the very friendly Dr. Mayer (Mr.). My husband *hates* to feel rushed and is very sensitive about his eyes and he had nothing but praises for the doc after the appointment; he was extremely thorough, very down-to-earth, and addressed all questions and concerns above and beyond his expectations. Thank you Mayer Eye Care for such a positive experience!!
5	Dr Mayer is perfect.He is so patient its unbelievable went to visit Dr Mayer last Sat, for my normal yearly eye exam.Well i decided to have this wonderful idea to try contacts.LOL.never wore them before never even tired to put/try on contacts.So i was a complete and total newbie!Lets just say i had soooo many problems trying to get them in let alone out.Dr Mayer was perfectly patient.He is so nice and calm he made me relax and not panic.(I was having a lot of problems not because of the doc but due to me being new at contacts.)He is the perfect eye doc.Most people would have gotten frustrated and mad and would have started being impatient Dr Mayer.Totally cool totally down to earth.Im very very happy I chose him to be my eye doc.Otherwise if it wasn't for him i would bat lady blind.THANK YOU DR MAYER.Thank you Kristen for being so patient with my scheduling difficulties.
5	Dr.Mayer and his receptionist Kirsten are phenomenal. I went there because it was close to my home but now my entire family and I go for his exceptional treatment and caring personality. I would recommend Mayer Eye Care to anyone!! he is so patient and never makes you feel like your asking stupid questions. Mayer Eye Care have great prices for people who don't have insurance and great prices for their frames n lenses...
5	100% on customer service and quality. The Optometrist is friendly and knowledgable.
5	I found Mayer Eye Care while searching the internet since I was in DESPERATE need of new glasses. I saw they had some good reviews and they accepted my insurance so I made an appointment. Right when I walked in the door I was greeted by Kristin by my first name. I was SHOCKED. In a lot of businesses today you're lucky to even get a smile when you walk in. I had filled my paperwork out online so I turned that in and she had me pick out the glasses I wanted. (Good thing since my husband went to a different eye doctor and he didn't get to pick out his glasses until AFTER the dilation which made it difficult for him to see, so getting to pick mine out before was an absolute plus) They have a really nice selection of glasses and sunglasses.Dr. Mayer came out and greeted me and began what had to be one of the most thorough eye exams I've ever had. I don't recall ever getting half the stuff done that he did. He was very friendly and explained everything to me. He wasn't pushy and I never felt like I was being rushed.I ended up getting glasses and sunglasses and they were both ready in less than a week. I've only been wearing them a couple of days but so far I am very happy with them. Kristin said if I did have any issues though that they will work with me to get them corrected. Once again, excellent customer service.I will defiantly be going back for my yearly exams. My husband is even going to switch when it comes time for his next exam.
5	Dr Mayer and his front desk girl (Kristen I believe) are amazing! Kristen was super sweet and helpful. Dr Mayer was super thorough with his exam and seemed very knowledgeable. Dr Mayer did recommend me to a specialist which is someone I have seen before and did not care for in the least bit. I will be back eventually to do the annual exam and hopefully we can find a prescription that will work for my difficult eyes.
5	I am so happy I found this place!! I have heard horror stories of trying to find a good optometrist in Vegas, and previously went to Lens Crafters for convenience.  My insurance changed since my last visit and going to Lens Crafters would have been very expensive.  I searched my insurance site (Teachers Health Trust) and looked at reviews before choosing Mayer Eye Care.  Everything about my experience with them was delightful!I called on a Wednesday and was scheduled for a Friday.  I was greeted by Kristen, who is awesome and friendly.  I filled out paperwork, and the doctor was out to get me a few minutes later.  He was incredibly friendly and walked me back (no second waiting room!).  He was very personable and appeared to genuinely care.  I told him I wanted to switch contacts because the last ones were too thick (Biofinity, I think).  I had previously worn Acuvue 2.  He suggested Acuvue Advance Plus (which I loved) and gave me samples of Acyvue Oasys to try out.Overall, I perfect experience.  I ordered a few box of contacts and they were in a couple days later.  I'm so excited to have found this place!
5	I wonder if this would be a four star review if my previous optometrist wasn't so horrible.They explained to me what my insurance covered and did not cover before I took the exam.  My previous optometrist did not.  They called me the day before to remind me of my appointment.  My previous optometrist did not.  They said they would call in a year to schedule my next exam (hopefully they will).  My previous optometrist did not.This was my second attempt to start using contact lenses.  I was very rushed at my previous optometrist and left there frustrated and still wearing glasses.  The doctor here was patient while also being encouraging.My prescription hasn't changed much and I was not pressured to buy new glasses.  I looked up the contact lenses online and the office's price was within 5 dollars of the online price.Really the only downside I can think of is that their hours require me to take off time from work.
5	I had such a great experience at this place. Dr. Mayer is very knowledgable but also personable. Kristin, at the front desk has been nice every time I have called. They have a great selection of glasses too.
5	I can't say enough good things about Mayer Eye Care.  I'm very particular about my eyes and have had some issues (running with scissors when little) and I am serious about eye care so I drive over from Summerlin just to ensure that I'm getting proper care.Dr. Mayer is so professional, courteous and very thorough!  I recommend to all of my friends.   Kudos to the entire staff!
5	Continues to live up to the 5 stars! I recently had my yearly exam and again the doctor greeted me personally with a very short wait. I love that it's a small place. My husband is now a convert!
5	I'm a huge reviewer at trip advisor but I really wanted to review this Eye Care. Easy to find nice location, first walked in clean well maintained office. Upon approaching the front desk, there were 2 female employees the one with long hair almost left me speechless because the way she posed a question as to my business there felt like I was an unwelcomed guest to someone's house. I was so confused I decided to ignore her and look at the other lady sitting down with I believe had tied hair & she was definitely more welcoming and helpful. The wait wasn't bad and then I was called in and met I believe Dr Mayer, I can see why there were good reviews for this business exactly why I chose this as well. He was very professional, friendly, and had a wealth of information. I was not at all nervous to ask any and all types of questions to understand my eye sight. My son has autism and was having a tad of an off day so he was talking more than usual and moving around. He even dropped a poster that I am usually on it not to happen but I was stuck on the chair with the machine. I will def say FAMILY FRIENDLY because he did not drop a hat. Thank you!! Wrapped up my appointment it was awesome and going to see the frames to choose from again I had the woman who seemed she hated her job, no extra help or helpful info.This eyecare if you are looking for one is a yes! 5 star even w/ that one employee because it wld be a shame on the rest of the amazing people there.
5	Very kind, gentle & professional staff & doctors. Dr Michael Mayer is very personable, easy to communicate with & patient. Kristen was so helpful in working with my insurance and in helping me pick the right glasses for my personality & the shape of my face. They have a good selection of glasses with up to date styles for all ages.
5	Dr. Michael Meyer is one of best optometrist out there. He takes the time to thoroughly explain the results of your exams and welcomes any questions. Not a lot of doctors these days are as personable or take the time to make sure you leave with a positive experience.
