5	Personal service, great prices. My dad started going here and I had to follow! Would recommend them to everyone I know!
5	Very honest, competent staff. Would not go anywhere else. They always are fair and will try to save you money if possible.
5	This is the best place to take your car!  We drive an hour to get here.  The service is phenomenal!  If you do live in the area, they will give you a ride home and pick you up when you are done.  (I wished I still loved close but they are worth the drive) Their service is fairly quick but they still do a great job!  Every time, I get my bill I say, "Is that all?!"  Really, I sometimes WANT to pay more but they won't let me!  Where else can you say that?!  Never have I found more honest, word-working, kind people.  They don't need to hike up their prices because they have loyal happy customers. :)
5	A+ service and very speedy and affordable!!!! The staff is super friendly and they know what they are doing!! Not to mention everything g has a warranty!! I highly highly recommend!!!
5	This is the best place to come and get your car repaired in Mesa. They are honest and give you a fair price for repairs. I don't feel like I'm being taken advantage of and they don't try to "fix" things that are not broken just to get more money out of you.  Chad might not always smile at you but you can believe the work done on your vehicle is done right:)
5	I came in for getting 3 engine mounts replaced and my cars trunk lock/latch fixed.I found out driving home one of the engine mounts was defective and no working right so I brought the car back the next day which I had to anyway to get the trunk latch fixed, without any problems or hassle, Chad the owner apologized about the inconvenience. He then ordered a new engine mount, installed it and also repaired a steering fluid leak. when I went back for picking up the car and paying for the trunk latch there was no charge. It blew my mind. That if nobody knows is called "CUSTOMER SERVICE" which is very hard to find these days. thank you East Mesa Auto. You have a customer for life.Montgomery Brooks
5	Finally!!! I found my mechanic here. It's taken two years to find a great mechanic. Chad is the kind of mechanic you dream of. I'm not kidding. Honest and reliable. When diagnosing your car he starts with the least expensive problem and systematically eliminates whatever could be wrong. My car was overheating and I was told by several auto repair shops that it was a head gasket and quoted prices ranging from$700-$2700 to fix it and a lot of those shops are listed on yelp with 5 star reviews! Chad did a compression test first and then checked the thermostat which was fine. Then he checked the water pump which ended up being the issue. Absolutely amazing service from everyone in this shop. Also took me home while it was being repaired and picked me up when it was finished. It's such a relief knowing that I can count on Chad to do the job right next time anything else comes up with my car.
