4	The furniture here leans more towards traditional styles, with various options to customize, depending on what style you choose. They do have more contemporary furnishings, but nothing you would really label as "modern." Our sales associate was very friendly and helpful. We did find a sectional that would have worked, but we ultimately went with a different company for our couch. This wasn't because of this actual store (They were all very nice here), but because I found out that a lot of Thomasville furniture is made overseas (i.e., China) these days rather than in the U.S (North Carolina) where it was originally made. If I am paying a lot of money for a nice couch I want it made in the U.S.!
5	OK, so we haven't even received the furniture yet, but we have loved the experience with our sales person so much, we had to YELP about it!!Georgiana is personable, helpful and has single-handedly put us at ease with furnishing our home!  We moved from out-of-state a few weeks ago and have almost no furnishings because we had a MUCH smaller home in California...She is patient with our ever-changing choices and very helpful in her suggestions, without being pushy.  She came out to measure our space in the house so we could be sure the furniture would fit - NICE!I will YELP again after we receive the furniture, but we are so happy with how the process is going!Thank you Georgiana!
1	Our experience with this store has not been positive. We special ordered a bedroom set and the girl doing the order made one mistake after the other. We told her the tax was less in Tucson so unless they could match the price we would buy in Tucson. So she tried to adjust the price. I think that took about an hour and countless mistakes but finally we had the reduced price. In hindsight I wish we had just bought it in Tucson and avoided all the problems with this clueless sales person.They told us it would be 6-8 weeks ok. In the meantime we decided to change the headboard from king to queen after they already had the furniture in stock. They told us it would be another 6-8 weeks. It was just a headboard why does it take 6-8 weeks for a standard headboard only?The more furniture you buy the more Thomasville charges for delivery! Yes you heard me right. What a rip off.Finally they called to setup a delivery date. Told me I could not pay by credit card only cash or check. Are you kidding me? Why won't Thomasville take VISA? After much argument on the phone the girl said they could take my VISA but would have to take off my "discount"! What discount I said I got no discount on this overpriced furniture! She was talking about the difference in sales tax we had agreed upon earlier. Now mind you I just spent $4000 on furniture and they are trying to nickle and dime me to death.  I have never dealt with such a bunch of thieves in my life. Finally worn out I just agreed to pay by check and I will never buy from Thomasville again! Steer clear of these crooks there are better companies out there who treat the customers with respect not like cash cows.
