5	here's the word from a trusted friend who recently went:verylatinit was yummy and funawesome musicfun dancinggood crowdon a scale of 1-10?11
5	The first time I went to Karamba's it was for Pride. I went for after hours and it was amazing! I paid my $5 cover fee and went into what looked like an industrial style bar. There were tables being hung from the celing and there were also a backdoor to the outside patio as well as a the ladies restroom. When we went deeper into the club, the blue hued bar gave way to the deep red dance floor. There were tables for dancing on as well as a plush looking chill section. The dance floor was PACKED with men grinding up on men, with women griding up on women and the ocassional straight couple peppered into the crowd as well as a few large groups of women dancing together. Oddly enough there's often a lot of straight women who go there with their bffs so they can dance in peace. There's some chairs and more hanging tables surrounding the dance floor. Then there's the outside patio... there's a few water foutains and a ton of patio chairs, benches and tables. Sometimes it feels like the patio is where the real party is at! Since that weekend, I've been a regular there. I'm sure if you venture there for afterhours some Friday or Saturday night you'll see yours truely tearing it up on the dance floor to some of the hottest hip-hop and reggeton around! If you do, pull me away from my friends and say hi! Hope to see ya'll there!
3	Fun place. Music is mostly good. Drinks over priced. Lot of hot latin guys. But its hard if u dont speak spanish well. N clickish. But becareful lots of cops in area.
1	This place charges a cover charge?! We should be paid to come in there! It's in a horrible place in town, drinks or retardedly over priced & the parking is ridiculous. The inside of the club only smells more worse then the urinal because the little tiny room they call a bathroom is 2x2! You can't pay me to come back there. I wish I had known how horrible this place was before I got suckered into going & basically throwing away my money.
3	Ihavent been here in a year. I used to love coming here but i realized the djs suck. Never play a request and dont know how to keep asteady beat. Its probably the only 18+ club for gay guys on the weekend next to forbidden or whatever they call it now. I havent been during bar hours cuz i just turned 21. The crowd is all latino gay guys with a couple of black and white guys. The outdoor patio is pretty big with benches tables and a huge fountain that looks like everyones been in it someway or another. The dance floor is medium sized and has a few mini stages in every corner. 5 bucks fridays and saturdays for 18+ after 2am. If u ask me, its not really worth it. If you do go, get hi or drunk before you do.
5	GREAT music and tons of fun! LOVE the music!! Fridays is mainly for "cheros" akaguys that wear pointy boots with matching belts as they play that kind of music. Notreally my thing but can be fun if you got your buzz going. Saturdays is hip hop,reggaeton, and house music which is the main day it gets POPIN!  After 2 it turns 18and over-never really stayed after 2am so don't know how that it. NOTE: Karambas is not a place to go looking for guys or a dress to impress kind ofplace.  It kind of reminds me of a club I used to go to in Juarez except with alot moreeye candy.  The atmosphere is very fun and people don't really go there to mingle itsmore of a place to with your friends and have a good time without having to impressanyone.  From experience usually the people who don't like going here are the people who are looking for someone else or sad to say ugly lol not to be rude but its true.Bathrooms: Yea they're kinda small but um im there to party... if your worried about thebathrooms LMAO please don't go out or maybe drag a urinal with you.  Prices: People say their over priced but honestly i thought they were cheap... if yourhard up for cash look extra sexy so a cute Latino will buy your drinks for u duh!
4	This spot is pretty dope! Had fun and low drama!
3	Cute little latin club. Only been here Sat nights and it's $5 cover past 2 AM. Good music but dance floor gets packed and not the biggest. Parking can get to be a pain on those nights too. A plus for the younger crowd is it's an 18+ club. Neat patio area in the back. Give it a try!
2	Very tiny bathrooms. Drinks are overpriced compared to non gay bars. I do appreciate the design , great drag shows but I won't be back.
2	If your looking for a bottom boy this is the place.  Lots of fem Latino dudes here.
2	I really had high hopes for this club.  New to the area I was excited to try a new place. The drinks are good. But the added dust bunnies being blown from the ceiling are a deal breaker.  It's rather disgusting.  This place needs a good cleaning.
5	It doesn't matter what anybody says about dance night clubs, you have to see for yourself because this club is absolutely incredible they have an amazing sound system and laser light, this is definitely where I would want to be on the weekend if I'm looking for a dance club. This club is so good it has received the best of Phoenix Award several years in a roll, none of the Latino dance clubs have survived only this club because the owner knows what he's doing and provides great music and entertainment you have to go stop in and see this place if you're looking for a Latino club this is really the only place in Arizona to go.  Also the club has a food taco stand outside which is good and also an amazing outdoor patio that's absolutely beautiful it also has there are areas in the club that are sort of tucked away where you can sit with friends and drink and have a really great time. I am LMAO at all these little young tweakers who are posting bad reviews because they had a bad time give me break they have no clue what a really good dance club is all about, and their one time bad experience has nothing to do with the quality of a club. Maybe if they weren't so high they could have enjoyed the club lol.
1	By far the worst gay nightclub in phoenix and trust me I know gay nightclubs!!! Lol no seriously this place is crap I have been suckered to come here a few times for a birthday party and some other events and it's no fun the drag show is lame or the acts I have seen are the Dj is good plays some different tunes the a/c is non existent I think they use a swamp cooler. The bathroom is the size of a toilet stall and always packed that u have to piss in the alley where there is plenty of hookers at your disposal. The drinks are expensive, watered down and even the soda tasted funny the bar tender was very nice and friendly. Never tried the food outside but I hear it's great, the parking is another disaster there is limited space and the night we went there was a few break ins in the back parking lot near liquor store. Just being honest but the bad outweighs the good at this club, give it a shot at your own risk but remember I warned you.
