1	Very dated rooms and decor also Friday night clientele is rather sleazy, it is right next to Tequila Willys that should say it all
4	I was in town for my daughters graduation and stayed here. The place is newly renovated, very clean and the staff was very nice. The breakfast was okay. The price was fair. I would defiantly stay here again
4	Got a room for $50/ night and It really was better than expected! The staff were very polite and funny, and made me feel at ease and welcome at the hotel. The continental breakfast was quite good considered how inexpensive the stay was. The room was well accommodated, had great lighting and was very clean. The only thing i can really say was lacking was the bedding. The blankets were thin and pillows were small. But I would definitely stay here again :)
4	I have stayed here three times now on a business trip. The room was under $50/night. They just remodeled all of their rooms (suites are being worked on) and it's impressive.  I do travel a lot for work and stay in nice places but considering the price, services and quality of the rooms, this is one of my favorites.Pros: nice and friendly staff, ok breakfast (bagels, waffles, eggs, yogurt, apples, juice, coffee, cereal), clean rooms, comfy bed and pillows, a/c, cable tv, fridge and microwave in the room, free internet, pool, free printing services in lobby, gas station next door that has a mini mart for snacks.Cons: if I had to come up with one, sometimes you can find some 'interesting' people staying here. But with that said, I have never been bothered or felt unsafe.Highly recommend!
3	The outside of the hotel wasnt all that appealing. It is an "U" shaped building with the pool and the office in the center. There was construction going on the time I was there so half of the building wasnt being used and  there were workers there the whole time  I was there. They didnt bother me at all, they were gone by the time I returned for the night.The room was nicely updated and everything worked well and was clean. The breakfast was good, warm , free is up my lane.The lower stars are for the immediate location to the train tracks. It was very loud at night with freight trains going by all night. Thankfully I sleep through those things but while I was awake they were loud and if you are a soft sleeper this may be an issue.
4	Clean spacious room. Friendly and helpful staff. I'm currently moving from the Pacific Northwest to the east coast, nicest hotel we have stayed at so far!
4	Had to stay in a hotel one night before I could move in to my new house.  This was the Hotwire 2.5 star hotel in Surprise/Sun City.  $54 out the door after taxes and fees and such.  I was impressed!Check in and out was a breeze.  Friendly front desk.The rooms were very nice.  4 comfy pillows, a nice king sized bed with a comfy mattress, soft sheets etc.  The bathrooms were fairly new from the looks of it.  They also provide you with 2 bottles of Dasani in your room for free!  That is a nice touch being out here in the sweltering heat!  I did have a little problem connecting to the wifi but I called the tech support number and they helped me out.I would definitely stay here again!
3	The desk clerks were great, friendly, and helpful.  The outside of the hotel is not all that great, but the rooms were very clean.  We were here for a Cardinals game and it was less than a 10 minute drive to the stadium, so that is a plus.  Free breakfast is always appreciated with young kids.  The bad part is that no wake-up call is required because the train horn will wake you up every two hours or so anyway.During our stay, a transformer down the street blew so the power went out in the hotel (obviously not their fault) early in the morning.  I contacted the desk clerk and he said the power should be on shortly, but offered to put us up in another hotel for the same price.  Due to the temperature and no A/C, I jumped on this offer.  They moved us to another property down the road and took care of everything so the key was waiting for me when I got there.I'm not sure if I would stay here again, but my experience was OK.
1	I made a reservation the night before my arrival and was told it I was set. I arrive and the person at the front desk (front desk Tommy) was rude. He refused to honor my reservation due to me having a large truck. I offered to park elsewhere if his manager asked me to. He refused to check with his manager and refused to give me a room. The level of discrimination was astounding. I will never give my business to this establishment. I've stayed 24 different nights with various best westerns this year alone. I really didn't appreciate the hotel not honoring my reservation.
2	The rooms are nice and the breakfast is good. Not worth is with the traffic and noise outside. It is horrible! I do not recommend this hotel if you are trying to catch some quick shut eye after a long drive.
4	Don't judge a book by its cover or neighborhood.  Pulling up to this hotel my husband and I were a little weary and we were afraid this would be a case of you get what you pay for.  The friendly service at the front desk, the gorgeous newly decorated room, the innovative walk-in shower, the complimentary bottle waters and delicious fluffy biscuits and  gravy and the breakfast buffet proved our first impressions were incorrect.  We highly recommend the best western sun city!!  The reason I did not give a 5 star review:  the door had an inch wide opening at the bottom letting in light and noise from outside.  Limiting our privacy as well.
3	Stayed here for a football game at University of Phoenix Stadium. It's about 10mins drive. Rooms are average, fine for an overnight stay. But great service and very good breakfast ... bacon and biscuits and gravy! Yum.
