3	My experience with Beno's was mixed.  The job was pretty good, but after a few mishaps.  The company was contracted through Lowe's to lay tile in a guest bathroom and children's bathroom. Everything was removed by my husband and myself (i.e. previous vinyl tile removed, baseboards, toilet, etc.).  I purchased the tiles and supplies through Lowe's to be picked up prior to the installation by Beno's. The plan was for a one day installation for both bathrooms.  The time window was 0900-1100. They arrived a little before 1000. Unfortunately I wasn't present for the installation, but my mother was there. Prior to installation, she verified the tile location and grout colors, and was told the information was on the contract they had.  The job was completed and during the walk through the wrong grout color was used in both bathrooms.  The installer informed my mother that he switched the colors because usually people don't want the grout combination I chose (dark tile with light grout). I requested the grout be corrected that day, but they were out of grout.  They returned the next day to correct the mistakes.  The job came out pretty good.  A few of the grout lines were uneven, but not too noticeable.  I may use them again as I have another bathroom to be tiled, but I may have to think about it hard or at least be present for the next installation.
1	I'm only giving 1 star because it won't let me give zero stars. We contracted through Lowe's who hired Beano's to install carpet in our entire upstairs. The installer arrived and immediately appeared afraid of our dogs (which he couldn't see, but could only hear barking). He then went upstairs and pulled back a section of carpet that has had furniture on it for the last 12 years. There were stains on the under side of the carpet, presumably from the previous owner. He then leaves our house, calls Lowe's, and tells them that our house is unsanitary and wreaks of urine. We clean our carpets monthly! Lowe's told us we had to remove the carpet and bleach the floor before they would install the carpet. I'm pregnant! We can't bleach the floors. We are getting a refund and refusing to do business with Lowe's or Beano's ever again!
5	Beno's Flooring installed laminate in our family room, living room and two hallways.  The crew of Carlos and his helpers were fantastic.  They took their time and did a very good job.  The showed up a little before 8 both mornings and worked pretty much nonstop until 5 the first night and 8 then second.  I would use them again for any future flooring projects.
5	My husband and I had Beno's Flooring contracted to do our tile and carpet install from 1st Choice Flooring. All of my interactions with the ladies that confirmed installation dates and times were kind and helpful. Both crews were very professional and hard working. The tile crew took 3 days to do 2 bathrooms, a den, living room, kitchen and our hallway. They were extremely hard workers. The flooring looks amazing! The carpet crew came in after the tile was installed to put new carpet in 3 bedrooms. They worked quietly and efficiently. They vacuumed the floors once the install was complete and hauled away all of the old carpet. I would recommend Beno's Flooring to anyone looking for flooring installers.
1	Beno's Flooring came to our home to give us design information regarding an installation of backsplash tile, which we had already purchased.  Their designer, Dede suggested that we run the tile in a unique way, but she did not communicate it to the installer, nor was she here for the installation.  The tile had to be removed, costing us about $900.  Sadly, I do not recommend this company.
