5	Tried out the new ENCHALEDEEZ burrito, bombsky. Also new spicy pineapple salsa is super tasty. I def took extra for the fridge.
3	The food is good, if your going to use take out order in advance and ask for more meat, they can be a little light.
3	Haven't had Baja Fresh for some years. But was craving their burritos with the yummy chips and salsa bar. Walked in to see they have a LOBSTER burrito thing. Well that was easy.We ended up getting that and some steak burrito, which I didn't care for. But the lobster burrito was delicious with lot's of great flavor and more lobster chunks than I had expected.(Don't you hate when you forget to review after going to the place and then when you actually have time to write the review, you forget half the information?? Darn.)
4	Grabbing a quick bite for lunch and the coworkers wanted to head here.  The place was very clean and the wait was minimal.  Our food was served hot, fresh, and quick.  We had a nice relaxing lunch and enjoyed our food.
2	The last two times I've been to this place the food was absolute garbage.  Onions are always rancid and the tomatoes were green.  At one point they were out of coke and salsa.  Had to get my $ back and leave.  Maybe one of these days they'll get their chit together and put out a good product.  Same experiences at the Sahara/Decatur one.  The only one that had been consistent was Charleston and Ft. Apache.
5	This store is very clean, speedyA and accurate. The three times I have eaten here I have received EXCELLENT service from Giselle. I am a big fan of friendly service and cleanliness. This store does what it takes and has great employees.
5	I watched Undercover Boss one night and the CEO of this company was on. Very moving and inspirational episode!!! Lots of tears and tugging to the heart. I spontaneously came here with my Mother and surprisingly.. she hasn't had any fresh Mexican food neither have I in a long time. So we were both in for a treat :)It was around 5p.m. and we were kindly greeted by the general manager, that was also my cashier. It was nice to see he was hands on than a GM that just sits in the back office all day. Jose Garcia took our food orders and I forgot to get a drink, which he was more than happy to accommodate. He gave me a refillable plastic "to go" cup, which anybody can bring in any time to refill for .99 cents forever! So it says on the cup :D How nice!!! I love tea and they had four varieties to choose from... all you have to do is push the button of the one you want to drink and it pours out. I loved their sweetened Green Tea and Nestea Raspberry Iced Tea has always been one of my favorites.We headed straight to their famous fresh Salsa bar... which had six different kinds to choose from. My Mother picked both Hot Salsa sauces and I picked the famous green sauce.. Salsa Verde Medium and the Salsa Mango Mild with tons of cilantro added to it. I loved the Mango Salsa the most out of all and I went back a few times to get it refilled. Chunks of freshly diced mango, red pepper, and jalapeno. You can tell it was made that day and it definitely had some heat to it, but it sure made everything taste refreshing and good. My mother enjoyed both Hot salsa sauces and the Mango salsa. Word of caution.. once you taste the sweetness of the mango, it made the salsa verde green sauce taste bitter. We ordered one Baja Chicken and Steak Burrito. It also came with a side of tasty golden torito chips, which had a nice crunch and ate all of them at the very end with my mango salsa!!! Delicious! The Steak burrito was hearty and filling. The handmade guacamole, melted jack cheese and Pico de Gallo made the burrito come alive. The Chicken Burrito was delicious and tasted better with the mango salsa. Both tasted so healthy... it was guilt-free to enjoy. My mother loved these burritos so much she asked me the very next week to eat there, but this time we took my father and they happened to be closed!!! It was 9:30p.m. and they were cleaning up. Now I know.. Baja Fresh closes at 9p.m. even in Las Vegas! My mother was so bummed and goes.. those are some good burritos.. where are we going to go now??!? :(  Service was great and the salsa station was always refilled whenever anything looked half gone. Even saw the GM change a light bulb by the drink station as soon as he noticed it. He greeted every single person that walked through the door and asked how they were doing. Even some by name! He also came around to each table and asked how everything was. Very hands on and that is impressive. He was cleaning all around the place, taking orders, and answering the phone for takeout orders. He showed a great example of how to be a role model that people can admire and learn from. David Kim would be so proud!
