2	The course itself is fine. The customer service (from the golf shop to cart attendants) is ALWAYS terrible. I've been playing this course for years (since they open very early in the summer) and the employees are like this every time. Unfortunately, because of the convenience, I'll probably continue to golf here.
4	Just came back from Mothers Day brunch at Stone Creek golf course, everything was perfect. The omelette station was good, they also had a prime rib station, waffles, french toast & chicken. They had lots of other options, and free flowing mimosas. We paid $25/person, which included the mimosas, coffee, tea, and soft drinks. All of us enjoyed the brunch, the only problem I had was that they ran out of cheesecake bites before I could grab one, otherwise everything was great!
3	I really enjoy the layout of the course. It's challenging but not ridiculous. It is usually in fair shape as long as you don't go after a lot of rain, since most of the course runs through the stone creek which becomes a wash after a downpour. They have a good range setup and chipping and putting green. It's in a good central location near PV mall and the rates are usually pretty fair compared to other courses in the area. The greens are usually puttable. All in all I am sure I will go back at some point in my life to play with some friends that don't have a huge budget for a top notch course. It's one of them courses you want to enjoy with a 12 pack of brew and some hacker friends.
4	Stonecreek is a nice place to play, and the price is fair.  I do like the layout.  Fun but not gimmicky.  The scenery is nice, too.I will have to agree with others about the ball vacuum (aka creek) running right through the middle of the course.  The staff also seemed nice enough when I was there.  I'm not sure what others were complaining about.  Overall, it's a decent place to play, and its location makes it ideal if you're meeting people from the other side of town.
4	Fun course. Check out the night golf during the summer. They have a range too.
4	I used to be in the golf business and this course had sort of a bad rap.  But that was a long time ago and I have been curious so I have played this course a few times in the past few months.  First of all, I don't know if it is the new management or just a myth but this course is actually in pretty good shape, even in the summer months. Anyone can grow grass in January but I have to say that I have been impressed with course conditions the few times I have played there.  Not only that but it's a fun course to play.  I have been accused of being a little finicky about the courses I play. I like a challenging course but don't want to beat my brains out for 18 holes.  I like holes that are different and unique but I don't like tricked up or gimmicky holes.  And this course is just plain and simple a fun track.  it's a pretty good value as well. I have been practicing there a lot lately and they have a pretty decent practice facility as well.   One last thing.  The staff is very good.  Very friendly.  Go try Stonecreek.  It may not be the nicest course in town, but I bet when you are finished you will look back and say you had a good time. And that is what golf is suppose to be about.
2	overpriced for an average course
4	Definitely good value here. Just played it today for $39 bucks. I've normally just been playing Starfire whenever I wanna get a cheap round in but I liked this course a lot more. I was very surprised how big and spacious the course was for being right in phoenix. Much bigger than Biltmore and Starfire. Had a lot of long par 4's and a 500+ par 5. Water on a few holes and some strategically placed bunkers throughout the course. The greens were in very good shape. GPS on the carts is a huge plus too for a $40 course!Bottom line-it's not a course that is gonna blow you away but for a quick, middle of the week round, it's perfect.
3	A friend was staying in the imemdiate area and wanted me to meet him for an early morning round at Stone Creek.  I was somewhat hesitant, since I had not heard of it before, but decided to give it a try.  I was pleasantly surprised - a nice course nestled between condos, hotels, and residential neighborhoods.  They describe it as a links style course - and it is to the extent that it has rolling mounds and is rather flat.  However, it does not have the high grass in the rough usually associated with links style golf courses, which makes it a little easier to play. There is a creek or creek bed that wanders through most of the course, which can be a challenge - but it is something you can plan ahead to avoid.It also has a driving range and practice area, although not as nice as a lot of them in the area. When we arrived for our round, we thought we would hit some balls to get warmed up - we were stopped by two coyotes that seemed to think an area 30 feet from the tee boxes was their home.  Friendliest coyotes I have seen - totally unafraid of humans.  They finally wandered off, but it was almost like they were domesticated.The price is reasonable, the fairways are well maintained, and I found the personnel friendly.  There are few a carries of any great length, so it is a very nice course for those that are not long hitters.Because the rough is very manageable, and there are not a lot of holes that require carries off the tee, I will be recommending this course to friends that are not really interested in some of the tougher courses around the area.  It is a great course to lay back, have a fun round, drink a few beers, and spend some time with friends.
4	I attended a banquet at the club house.  They served very good food (chicken marsala, rice, vegetable mix, salad and roll).  The room was nice and was a perfect size for the 100 guests.  The room had large windows that overlooked the golf course and also had 2 TVs in the room that we used for a slide show.  Very nice facility.
4	Not a golfer, but living literally 20 feet from this course it is a very attractive layout with a sort of Links style design.  As a runner I personally love the multiple paths with variable elevation snaking throughout the holes and with good lighting even in the early morning hours I've put a number of miles under my feet here without a bit of hassel from the grounds crew who is out working the fairways quietly at 4am every single day.
1	Played here today. Course is in terrible shape. Greens are burnt and most have weeds growing on some portion of them. As well, many greens are mis-cut with varying depths of cuts across the greens. Collars around bunkers in most places are at least 6-8 inches deep of tough, just ridiculous. Tee boxes - some were burnt out, some were cut no less than two weeks ago. Most tee boxes are angled and not flat, horrible. because the course sits in a flood plain, when the monsoon rains accumulate water, it has nowhere to go, so the course smells like raw sewage. Doug in the pro shop is rude and unprofessional.
1	The employees in the shop suck. The course is in awful shape. It took an hour to play three holes. I don't think I will ever go back. I had to take off after 9 holes because it took 3 hours to play them. What happened to Stonecreek?
2	I live just off one of the fairways and have probably spent more time on the course walking my dogs than playing but I played Kokopelli a while back and purchased a discount card that also applies to Stone Creek. Although the course is in good shape I think it lost some of it's character when they decided to cut down a lot of trees. The guys in the pro shop said it was to speed up play but it still took almost five hours to play. And what's with the $4.50 for a pint of beer? I didn't feel like I got my money's worth, so probably back to Kokopelli for me.
1	Terrible customer service (if you can even call it customer service)  From start to finish it was bad.... The pro shop being the worst. Followed by the sprinkles running with no one to shut them off on at least half the holes. Take your money elsewhere. ..To many other courses to play with much more customer oriented staff....
3	Three stars is right for this place.It is ok... Some holes are challenging with water, bunkers and distance.I didn't like that they tried to charge me for the gps on the cart. I thought it was sneaky.$20 bucks for this place for 18 with a cart is the max I would pay...
1	Horrible customer service!
1	I had a HORRIBLE experience at this course. It was my first time and my last time playing this course. Rather than tell you a story, below are some points of my round today. Stay away from Stonecreek Golf Club. 1. The inside staff was VERY rude and did nothing to apologize for a delay in our tee time.2. Speaking of our tee time, we were scheduled to tee off at 11:10. We didn't tee off until after 11:45. 3. The front 9 took 3 hours. 4. The ranger did nothing to speed up play, and did not apologize for slow play.5. The range balls are $6 for a small basket. Oh, I will get to the range.6. There was NO grass on the range. It was horrible, and everyone on the range was complaining about the conditions. 7. The practice putting green was horrible and the cups hadn't been changed in what looked like weeks.8. The course was in terrible shape. From the tee box to the greens, the course should be closed simply for the fact of the playing conditions. This was a complete waste of time and a complete waste of money. They also refuse to respond on Facebook and Twitter. I will not go back and will consider contacting the local BBB.
2	On our recent trip to Phoenix, we gave this golf course a try. Of the 3 courses we played, this was our least favourite. Price was just okay.It was cart path only when we played which wasn't too bad, but not preferable. The vibe of the golf course was a little strange right off the bat. Staff & other golfers didn't seem near as polite as the other 2 courses we had tried.Right after the 1st hole we had a group of 4 older men yelling at us to "hurry up" from their tee box. So right off the bat we felt rushed and that really took away from the experience. We are a group of 4 decent golfers and weren't slacking off by any means. But cart path only is tough to be quick if you favour the side opposite of the path off the first couple holes. Nothing like going golfing and feeling rushed and pressured to run to your ball. Not enjoyable!The course itself was well maintained but some holes were a little tough. One in particular has the biggest sand trap I've ever seen, followed by a pond right before the green. 2 strokes to get out of the sand and only to land in the water ruined that hole.The GPS system kept getting messed up and the digital scorecard was not very user friendly.While trying to grab a quick bite to go after the first 9 we had to literally call out to someone in the kitchen to come serve us.Overall, would not do this course again and wish we had gone somewhere else.
1	I had occasion to play  the course for the first time. The fasilities were first rate but the person behind the counter in the pro shop was not. why would a company have a person like that working at the counter unles the companys policy was to have individuals play some place else.I felt like telling the person I'm sorry for taking up his time. I and my golf budies won't go there again. The counter person needs to get a nice personality not the one he displays.
1	Wow--a golfing party including a man who claimed to be an employee threatened me with assault for walking on the golf cart path.  The hotel manager had told me (twice) that it was permitted and they give out a map identifying the golf cart path as a "pedestrian trail."   I was polite.  And then kept on walking as they shouted epithets and threats.  Welcome to Arizona.
1	I booked a tee time with Jason the day before for the next morning. He took my CC info to get me the online deal they had running. I show up early am and they don't have my name or tee time. They said they were booked solid for a few hours. Couldn't get a single in there. I asked if they could search my name to see what he did. They wouldn't. For all I know he stole my cc info. I better not be charged for a tee time that didn't exist. Silver lining was the cart guys were nice.
4	Nice layout good shape, nice practice area.5 hour round big drawback . Rented Titleist clubs, gps in cart.
5	I've been playing this course for years. Always been well kept and decently priced. Played here twice over the last month. Perfect as always. The only downside of this course is the stupid stone creek that runs through what seem like every hole. It is a black hole for golf ball especially if you are a big hitter. Leave the driver in the bag until the back nine.Over all I highly recommend.
4	I like this course because it's reasonably priced, for the location, and in the summers it is very challenging in the rough.  They keep the grass long and thick and it really forces you to consider shot selection on every shot.  That is the goal, right?  To challenge ourselves...I have noticed many angry reviews regarding staff and pace of play, I say "boo hoo" to that.  I'm a Phoenix native and I've played MANY courses in Phoenix.  You get a different experience everywhere you go.  If you're an avid golfer, this is a great course to play.  And hey, if some old man yells at you from the tees, yell back at him!
1	Played nine holes. First time there. Staff wasn't overly friendly and there was no one to direct us at the start. We called for a ranger from the cart but no one ever came. Thanks to a big hose on the 18th fairway my ball stopped short. The air was full of bugs and a stench wafted in from time to time. The stagnant water probably didn't help. The only nice person I encountered was at the end. I can't remember the guy's name who cleaned my clubs but he was very courteous. Last time I'll play there and I honestly think they could care less.
4	I played the back 9 this morning and I would have to say overall it was a good experience. The course was in good condition and I took part in a early bird deal 27$ after tax and you play the back 9 and get any breakfast off the clubhouse menu. Everyone was really nice and helpful. I would recommend this course to anyone looking for a good deal. Don't expect to get a course like the rest of scottsdale or paradise valley but again it was a good experience.
2	We golfed yesterday . It was cart only . The course was wet and muddy. The rough was very tall and thick . It was almost impossible to find your ball  we lost about a dozen balls . The ground was wet so it was very inconsistent . The greens  were relatively  smooth and about an 8 it was a lot of walking  shot my highest round in years
1	From the putset this was a negative experience.  Pro shop staff was sullen and unfriendly.  On top of that, they were ill organized and unawRe of how many were in our group.  Then we were frisked at check i and told that we had to take our beverages to the car.  Really?  You checked the contents of my golf bag?  Finally there was the couse itself . . . Conditioning was marginal and pace of play was excrutiatingly slow. Bottom line; I'll never darken the door again!!!
1	I really want to like this course as I grew up going to it and its sort of a "common name" amongst my friends.  The rates are decent and the course is challenging.  That said, Fool me once....Fool me 4 times...After not 1,2,3 but 4 really bad customer service experiences, I think its about time to write a review.  Customer Service Sucks!  everything they do is robotic and doesnt make common sense.  They held us off for frost the other day for a while, which is understandable....but at least pick up the phone and call your t times to let them know instead of standing there staring at the wall.  Then, while waiting you can be more nice and tell people you are sorry and you are working on it instead of "shrugging your shoulders" and looking at people with disgust.  We asked if one of our players could pay a 9 hole rate as by the time we got to play he didnt have time to do the full 18....The answer:  we dont have a 9 hole rate...Thats funny because I have played the back 9 many times before...Oh thats the back 9 only...Seriously!! you cant sell him a 9 hole rate and allow him to play the front 9 while we are playing anyways????  Sorry sir, we dont have a front 9 rate?  I wanted to say "The files are IN the computer!!!!!"  Just plain trying to offer bad service at this point.  Stonecreek....Dead to me!
1	We played 11 holes this morning and the front nine was in rough shape. We waited at every shot on the back nine and it took about 45 minutes to finish two holes. It was so bad the course employee that played with us left and said it was way too slow!! Typically, the front desk will offer some sort of voucher or discount for feature use. When we asked the guy at the front he started yelling at us. As a business owner I can say this is the WORST management team I have ever seen! I will contact the ownership directly and notify them of my poor experience!  Stay far away from this place!!!!
4	Yay, I AM a fan! ;) My husband and I love to come here as we live about 2 miles away. Great course to play a decent round of golf. Greens can be challenging. The grass can be a little wet and muddy, which didn't bother us but something to be aware of. Makes your round more challenging, which we enjoy. Maybe don't wear your favorite pair of golf shoes or pants the day you play ;)
