4	I bought a guitar online, but it needed to be set up (altered)--in particular, the action on it was too high. I brought it into Empire Music, which was my local neighborhood music store at the time. The guy who helped me--I wish I could recall his name--was nice and very helpful to me. But he also gave me his take on why it is so important to buy instruments at small, local stores in the first place, and explained that in this case it would have been in my financial interest to do so, because they sold that same guitar for that same price, but with a lifetime guarantee the online retailer doesn't offer. And he pointed out that stores like his couldn't stay alive just working on instruments bought online from big corporations, but that if his store weren't there, I wouldn't have anyone to set up my instrument.I have to say, he was right! I am not a person who can afford to pay some huge premium to buy the same thing at a small store that I can buy cheaper online, but he disabused me of that prejudice that the big online retailer was always going to be cheaper or the better value, even when compared with a store in a wealthy suburb like Mt. Lebanon.More importantly, he was really patient and sweet, showed me some things about my guitar that were useful for me to know, and best of all did a fantastic job setting up my instrument! When I got it back it was so much easier to play and I was immediately able to spend hours practicing on it without killing my fingers.So in short, if you are looking to buy an instrument and/or get work done on one, definitely think about swinging by Empire. They have competitive prices, their staff are friendly and passionate about the business, and they do good work. It is an important thing to have a music hub like this in the community.
4	Every time I wander in here the staff is super friendly and helpful.  Just rented a PA  and it was in great shape, sounded good and they provide all the cables for a pretty nice price.  Highly recommend.
1	One star for the unpleasant experience I have had at this store. I was treated very poorly by a particular gentleman with an unjustified ego who was working the counter. He dismissed my honest inquiry in a very rude and unprofessional manner. It seems as though he would only care to cater to the experienced musicians who enter his shop. It's a shame he could not assist me with some grace and respect. Because of him, I do not care to return to see if any other staff members are any more helpful. I will not be returning here for ANY musical needs.
4	excellent service.  really good with the kids.  the owner Joe always provides excellent service
