2	Hi, my name is Alicia and I have a migraine. In fact, I've had one for 7 straight days. My wonderful doctor just wrote me two prescriptions so I can kick the pain in the pants. Groovy. Prescription Drop-Off = No problem. 15 minute wait? I can swing that. What's another tick, tick, tick of the clock as my head throb, throb, throbs. I mosey around the aisles. Nice. Latex gloves on sale - 3 boxes for $10. Oh, look, espresso chocolate. Tick, tick, tick. 45 minutes later without my name called over the loudspeaker (bummer), I head to the Pick-Up. I'm anxious for my meds. It's been a long day anyway, and this is the final stop. Or so I thought. I take a seat and stare at the floor. After all, the overhead lights hurt my eyes. I glance up and the pharmacist smiles at me. That's pleasant. I continue to wait."What's the name?" I answer her. That's when I hear they have 3/4 of my prescription ready but that one drug (my drug of choice to tackle the migraine) is out of stock. Would it be okay if I waited until Monday? Uhmmm... My mind flashes back to another Walgreens on another day when I'm waiting - in agony, mind you, after oral surgery. I want my narcotics like the children of rock wanted their MTV. I was told they were out, and I'd have to wait... or take my carcass to another pharmacy. I opted for the latter, for the claw marks in my palms were evidence enough that I couldn't stomach this pain any longer. So, needless to say, when I was told by this particular Walgreens that they were out of my gonna-make-your-boo boo-all-better meds, I had an emotional hiccup. WHAT? Count up the minutes. One hour in this stinkin' Walgreens and I'm really no better off than when my peds walked through the front door. Double ugh. Why couldn't they have called my name over the loudspeaker like they said they would? Then I wouldn't have waited in vain. Stupid pharmacy. I want my drugs!
2	I like Walgreens overall. I've used them in AZ, CO, PA and FL, and until I started using this one, never had a problem.However, in the 9 months I've been here, this one has proven itself more inept than all the other pharmacies I've used in my life...combined. They've lost prescriptions, entered quantity and refill numbers wrong, had their automated system call me saying I had something to pick up when I didn't and not call me when my pills WERE ready (I mentioned this to the pharmacist -- his answer? "It's a multi-million dollar system, so there are bound to be some errors"). They haven't known the answers to some questions, have sent me on a merry chase, have charged me for three nuva-rings when they only gave me one...need I go on?As soon as this last prescription they've messed up (without telling me) that I'm waiting for comes in, I'll be switching pharmacies. I should have done it months ago. Ugh.
4	I live close by so Peekaboo and I walk to this Walgreens a few times a week. There's a Redbox inside with our name on it. I like to take advantage of the clothing sales like the $1 multi-colored tank tops. Peekaboo likes the pet aisle, especially the doggie treats.I haven't had any negative experiences here. The pharmacist has been helpful, they allow Peekaboo inside in a cart or my arms, and I always find what I need so I give this Walgreens 4 stars.
4	So it sounds weird to love a Walgreens, but this location is set up in a way that makes me partial to it compared to other locations.  Their wine section is absolutely amazing and has fun new labels at great prices & often has awesome specials.  They also have a great selection of liquor like Pinnacle Vodka (whipped cream flavors) etc.
1	Worst customers service. In general, the stores never have stock on hand that is on sale. You'd think they would have stock on hand and more, esp if it is on sale but no and even the first day of ads, they don't have items.The shelf space is very limited.Again, if you advertise something on sale, have it on hand for the customers...Don't waste your time with this store chain..Not worth it"
2	Me and my boyfriend shop here all of the time. Usually have great customer service except today...our cashier Katina was very nice..deserves recignition...there was another lady on the other hand who was very rude to us. We had purchased 2 12 packs of Pabst beer, which are usually on sale for $6.99. There was a sign posted which said $6.99..they rang up regular price. The rude lady stated that she would not change it because the sign was wrong and should have been taken down. (She saId this very rudely)  Ummm excuse me...we believe people should honor the price that's up..it was their mistake not ours. The cashier Katina was sweet enough to call the manager up to refund us the difference.
