3	It's your stereotypical badly decorated Chinese restaurant with the stereotypical Chinese restaurant fare.Ordered House Special Chicken and House Special Lo Mein. The chicken was the typical spicy-ish coated chicken nuggets with broccoli. The lo mein was a bit oily, as per usual, but okay.Probably wouldn't go back unless I REALLY couldn't think of any other place to go. Which is pretty unlikely to happen.
5	I have never actually dined in this establishment but my coworkers and I were looking for an inexpensive place that delivered to our office that did NOT involve pizza. We discovered Cook on Wok and we were pleasantly surprised! Their lunch specials are fantastic! Great price (average $5.50 for an entree, side of rice and an egg roll) and their portions are extremely generous. I have even stopped in to pick up lunch (saving the delivery guy gas, and us having to tip him, haha!) and the I'm going to assume, Owner, was extremely friendly and sweet. THAT to me screams good business, which, in my opinion is hard to come by these days. This is not a fine dining establishment, and no the ambiance is not anything to write home about but the food is pretty good, the service is great and the prices are reasonable more can you ask for?
1	I am reposting this review that I posted on the Cook on Wok restaurant review page as this is obviously the same restaurant but just re entered with a #3 after it.First off I will agree, the staff are friendly.  That is pretty much all this restaurant has going for it though.  Never having eaten here, my husband and I decided to give it a try for takeout.  We were told 10 minutes on a to go order which ended up taking about 25 minutes.  Seriously 3 other people placed to go orders, received their food, and left in the time we waited.  The staff was very apologetic and threw in an order of egg rolls for free in spite of the fact that we had not complained at all about the wait time.  So service is good, but what really counts is the food.  I really had a good idea when we unpackaged the meal and took out the glow in the dark pink sweet and sour sauce.  If a restaurant is going to serve over processed, sub par condiments there isn't much hope for the food.  The egg rolls were extremely greasy and rather tasteless.  The pork fried rice was over all rather bland and had a previously frozen quality to it.  Nothing tasted remotely fresh.  Finally the coconut chicken we ordered was inedible.  The chicken was stringy and so hard you could not stab it with a fork let alone chew it.  The sauce again appeared to be processed but since we couldn't eat the chicken it was hard to really gage it's quality.  To sum up we paid over $20.00 for some rice that tasted like what my mom used to make from a box in the 70's and greasy egg rolls.  We could have gone down the street to Panda Express for half the price and twice the quality.  Pretty sad when the fast food option is better than the sit down.
1	Very poor quality meat, not authentic, bad flavor. AVOID
3	Ok so this joint is under "new management" and I'm going to be frank here when I say the food sucks now.  I gave this place 2 different times to surprise me with their original flavors and quality of food but alas.. it's seems to be consistently poor.Cook on Wok has maintained 3 out of the 5 stars for the following reasons:1) their not so delicious food is still reasonably priced on the lunch menu2) I'm lazy and they deliver3) I'm EXTREMELY lazy so not only do they deliver but you can order it to be delivered ON-LINE, haha.If you're feeling cheap and lazy and don't care if the food is top notch or not, give them a whirl.With any luck the "old management" is just on vacation??
1	Food Poison that what I got when I went to eat here, Food was very poorly cook and taste was horrible. The services that we received less than one star but the lower you allow to rate this people is one star.This place should be close down and the county should inspect this kitchen very well, I never got food poison before and within 10 minutes of eating here I was rush to the hospital.
3	Not bad.  I had the sesame chicken lunch special, and the chicken pieces were big and tender, but the sauce was a bit too syrupy for my taste.  Oh well, better syrupy than dry and tough.  I'll go back another time to sample the rest of the menu.
4	I got here 1 minute after 3:00pm -- 1 minute -- and she told me that they don't serve lunch anymore.  So I threatened to leave, thinking full well she would ask me to stay and say "Okay, I'll let it slide this time..." but she didn't.  Halfway to my car I realized I was hungry, so I returned and asked if I could look at the menu anyway.Dammit.I got the small portion of orange chicken which ended up being about the same price anyway.  Despite the initial annoyance, I found it very tasty and scrumptious (did I just use the word scrumptious?), so I'm bumping my review up to a 4.  Just make sure to get there PLENTY OF TIME before lunch ends at 3.  Jeez.
3	Came in at lunch and not too busy so I was a little worried. Then others came in and were calling for pickup.Food was all cooked to order and hot with good taste and texture. Atmosphere is ok but not really a Chinese theme.Service was fast and friendly. The menu had good variety of standard Chinese cuisine with good flavorings. We ordered five different items and they portions were very large even on lunch specials. Price was very reasonable value. Definite must try for lunch specials.
1	Long wait to get food for a slow night.  Food is over pricing for the quality of food and atmosphere.  Service not so bad, but I have to call for refill on my drinks, wait stuff didn't even bother to ask if everything was ok.  Restroom is dirty, does does the hallway to the kitchen.  Stuffing for the egg rolls was left an attended on one of the tables.  I don't think they will past my health code.  I don't think O will ever come back there again.  Sorry!
4	Hmmm...I am confused by the other reviews...is this the same restaurant?I have ordered to go as well as delivery from this restaurant and have been more than happy! From what I have tasted its the best Chinese food delivery in Henderson!They have awesome lunch specials (Including multiple vegetarian options!) for a very fair price. You get large portions, and I think that the food is damn good. They use no MSG and the vegtables are good. The sauce isn't too gooey and they are very lenient on changing menu items-even specials which usually doesn't happen! They also send out coupons for free delivery and free meals that easily top the competitors coupons. My boyfriend and I can each get two full meals (4 total containing a entree, rice (fried or steamed), a veggie roll, and if you dine in soup, for under $20, which is enough to last for 3 meals for each of us. (Don't judge we are very busy and it's nice to have extra food in the fridge). Cheap and good? I will be back!
3	Parking right out front. Great lunch special. Kung pao chicken,  fried rice, egg corn soup and egg roll. For $5.50. Since this review was started the lunch special prices have increased but still a good deal for chinese in the area. Food good amount and quality and service was medium. Restaurant is clean . Good deal worth trying for lunch. Will come back.
3	I've been here a number of times for lunch because its so close to campus and the food is cheap. Its not a bad value at all if you're craving westernized style Chinese food-- certainly better than the crap you'd get at panda express or other fast-food chinese. The owner is a somewhat friendly Chinese immigrant who recognizes his regulars. The egg roll is a tasty greasy spring roll that comes with that comforting sweet n sour sauce. The egg drop soup is tasty with hot sauce but I absolutely love their hot and sour-- feels great when you've got a sore throat or allergies acting up. I've had just about everything on the menu. The Mongolian beef is tasty but a bit chewy. The cashew chicken isn't bad but I much prefer the Kung pao chicken. The orange chicken here tastes familiar to the Chinese food fan but is still considerably better than your average fast food fare. I recommend  the house special chicken which has the sweetness of orange chicken but the added spice of sauteed red peppers and some vegetable. The fried rice here is nothing to write home about so I usually opted for the white for health preferences.  The portions are rather generous here so expect to be stuffed everytime you eat lunch here. Green tea goes well with the meal and is pretty cheap.I really don't suggest you come here expecting an amazing dinner-- its more of a casual lunch spot. Its far from original or innovative but don't knock it till ya try it. They certainly won't blow you away but they just might convince you to come back.[Edit: I've heard that the ownership and management has recently changed here, and I haven't eaten here in at least 10 months. It is possible that my experiences are not an accurate representation of what you may get here. Just a disclaimer.]
1	Oops - wrote this review in Oct of '11 and forgot to post it.  Haven't been back since though . . .10/2011 -- Wow, a year ago I would have rated this place 4 stars but my second experience with new owners is worse than the first. To start, over the last 5 years I have ordered from CoW probably 100 times. I have tried many different dishes but a staple ordered every time was Spicy Noodles, a chef specialty. The delivery guy before new ownership (probably the owner , he seemed invested and was there EVERY time I ordered and handled the phone, deliver, and packaging when I did take out) was the kindest person I have ever had deliver to me. He was over so many times while I was pregnant he asked to see the baby after my son was born. And when we ordered after that he would joke about if Gibson was ready for Orange Chicken yet. Great rapport. I wish I knew his name. I would order from any restaurant he was involved in. Enter new owners. I feel weird giving one star for a place I liked for so long, but my last experience went from bad to worse. 1st was the delivery. After 1 hour 15 minutes I finally called and the answer was pretty rude (keep in mind the online quote for time was 45-60 minutes and past experiences with CoW had been timely).  15 minutes or so later I got a call from delivery saying she was lost and asking for directions. This frustrates me because basically every computer and phone are geared with GPS capabilities. Seems ridiculous for delivery people not to use those tools since that is their business.  This is horrible, but I was actually pissed that my boyfriend gave her a +25% tip (which is generally our m.o.- our delivery peeps love us). 2nd the food. Quality wasn't horrible but the comparison was miles apart. Spicy Noodles had NO meat of any kind.  This dish formerly had chicken, shrimp and pork so it was a disappointment to have none. Then the crab won tons, another staple with Chinese take out in my opinion. They were over fried and therefore hollow inside. All the filling had been blown out in the fryer so we basically got charred won ton wraps. Both my boyfriend and I had dishes we have had before, me with Hot Braised Tofu and him with the staple Chicken and Broccoli and both were not great and definitely not the flavor and quality we had in the past.  I'm eating the Hot and Sour soup today fir lunch but don't have high hopes after my experience so far. Not to mention they no longer send strips withe the soups which I thought added a great crunch to a nice hot soup. All in all extremely disappointing. I have a hard time giving a restaurant I once loved a single star but the new owners should not be able to maintain the same name. They obviously have a new chef and the friendly staff is gone. If any one if the following had been positive I wouldn't have been so harsh but every aspect was a flop;  customer service, delivery, food ingredients, food quality . . . I can't think of one positive thing.  Bummer, I now need a new Chinese restaurant.
5	I do not know why this place has such a low rating. I love this place, the food is great the portions are more than generous, they use white meat chicken, and the service is attentive. Also, the prices are very cheap, $5.50 and $6.50 for lunch is perfectly acceptable. They will change the heat level for any dish and make special arrangements for you. I wanted honey walnut shrimp with chicken instead of shrimp and they did not bat an eyelash they just said no problem. I also like that the plain lo-mein is truly plain, no vegetables or anything. Really give this place a try, and for other posters who have not been here in a while, you may reconsider coming back to this place. The decor is a little odd, 50's Chinese diner chic? Kind of strange but who cares? The place is good, clean, cheap, and the service is good. What more could you want?
1	The food here was absolutely awful and I'm not at all picky about my cheap and greasy Chinese take out. I got the teriyaki chicken lunch special. The chicken was the consistency of jello, didn't even taste like meat and the fried rice was just hard, gross and plain. The portion was smaller than a usual lunch special at other places but even worse - my box was like 80% rice and so little chicken! Even the egg roll was just meh, although I was starving and I usually love egg rolls :( Wouldn't go back here or recommend it.
5	This restaurant is a hidden Gem. The food is great, fresh, the help is very friendly and attentive. It is right in the middle of Stephanie between the 215 and the Galleria Mall.  We found it by accident and it is the BEST Chinese food we have found in Nevada. This is a must!
5	Wow, great Chinese food and in this little hidden away plaza by a gas station!  Everything was wonderful, appetizers were perfect. Staff was great, what a hidden gem in Henderson!
2	Thought I would try something new, but I will stick to my restaurant.  They have great service - greet you at the door, and are attentive when placing your order. I ordered pad Thai, which maybe was not a good choice.It was very bland.  Very, very bland. So much so I had to throw it back in the fire, add some of my own stuff to add some flavor.  Never had I done that before, but I guess there's a first for everything.  My mom enjoyed her food though.  Maybe it was just my food, but that was my first time there, and not a great food experience.  I'll give it a shot one more time.  Based upon some of the other reviews, the food is good, so I'm willing to try it again.
5	Best Kung Pau Tofu ever!  Delivered right to my hotel room.  Really appreciate their can-do attitude toward a vegetarian.  Quite a contrast with Panda Express who said they don't do vegetarian.
3	It's more of a 2.5 star to me, here, but whatever. I tried this place several years ago and the food bored me too much to become a regular customer.We finally gave it another go, because maybe things are different now, etc. Just like the first time, service was friendly, and I liked the restaurant's ambiance and cleanliness. Price is nice for the lunch specials. But, just as before, we found the food boring and mediocre.In the same way that the five star reviewers here can't understand why us two and three star reviewers are disappointed by the food, I just can't understand how anyone could call it yummy, great, or the BEST. It's nowhere close to those things for me. Too bad.
5	This place always delivers great food and really great service.  Sometimes I din in or even carry out.  The food is prepared quickly and is so good. I will always come back...enjoy!!!
5	We ordered the sesame chicken & vegetable egg foo young; both were so delicious we ate every bite!
5	I have to say that this was a great surprise! The food was outstanding, service excellent and very clean. We have found our new Chinese food eatery!
5	Awesome! Great food, wonderful service and good prices. I will definitely return. Had low mein and fried rice with wonton soup. It was packed full of meat and the wonton soup was the best I have ever had.
