4	Great place with amazing steak. Kids beg is to go here and service is always good. I hate the wait though. This is the main gripe I have with outback because they usually have more then enough tables to seat you in.
2	I had the pork tenderloin, it was kinda salty. The garlic mashed potatoes were pretty decent. The green beans were very rubbery!! The server was pretty cocky but my grandparents like it here so I go! My grandma raves the Wedge but blue cheese isn't really my thing.
3	I like Outback.  Generally speaking, it serves a decent filet for a chain restaurant.  The Aussie cheese fries and the wings are consistently good.  That said, this particular Outback was a disappointment when it came to the steaks.  The spice coating was overpowering plus the meat tended to be on the overcooked side and dried out.  Still, in all fairness, the service was friendly and attentive---no complaints there.
1	We have eaten here for the last 7 years, every 3-4 months or so. The restaurant must be under new ownership and we won't be back again.In all honesty, my dinner was great, but my partner ordered the 8 oz. prime rib (his usual). What was delivered looked kind of like the meat patties you get on McDonalds 99cent burgers, only thinner. Even the waitress said she'd never seen one that thin. The waitress offered to get him another one but he declined and just asked her to take it away after about 3 bites.Here's where it gets bad. The 'owner' came by and said 'I'm the owner, I can do anything I want'. Unfortunately, any admission of error or apology doesn't seem like anything he wants to do. He could have at least 'passed the cardboard thin prime rib off on a new chef', said 'I'm sorry' or 'our mistake'.Such a shame.We left as soon as possible. I had to leave the rest of my dinner uneaten; a nice 12oz prime rib and 1/2 lb of crab legs because I couldn't enjoy my dinner while he was sitting there miserable.We won't be back to this Outback any time soon, and will be eating at a different one.A simple apology would have done wonders that comping his 'dinner' didn't. We prefer to pay for value received and don't really appreciate comps in lieu of quality and integrity.
4	I have not been to the Outback in years as past visits have, well, sucked. I am not one to complain, I just never go back if I have a bad experience or two. Seriously, there are too many good places to go out to eat to return to business who don't focus on their food. So my boss loves this place and she wanted to go and of course as she is the boss I agreed to return to the Outback with her. I have to admit this place has changed. Our server, Bree, was excellent! A server can make or break your meal and Bree was on her game. The food was really good, OK, I am super picky and was ready to hate it as I have in the past but tonight was different. I ordered the teriaki marinated sirloin. It came perfectly cooked at medium with sweet potato, salad and bread all for $12.95. Maybe I got lucky and came here on a good night but I am glad I did and will definitely return.
5	I must admit I have a thing for Outback.  But this Outback is something special...Their interior has been remodeled within the last couple of years and it looks unlike any I've seen before.  It's absolutely delightful!  There are new designs and murals on the wall, and neat dividers between booths.  The bar looks wonderful and the table tops are shiny and new.  There are all new wooden floors too.  This place got an overhaul and looks great!Our server was a new girl who had been there a few months, and she did a pretty good job.  I had the spinach artichoke chicken flatbread pizza as an "aussie-tizer" and it was AMAZING!  It's only available for a limited time and I highly recommend you get to try it while they have it!  There is an awesome happy hour that spans as long as their open, "billabong hours" they call it.  In Australia a billabong is a watering hole, and so at the Outback the bar is their billabong. Their  small draft domestic beers are only $1.95 and the house wine is only $2.50 a glass.  I know right?  Awesome!The food was outstanding as ever, 10 oz Strips are delicious and the perfect size.  And to top it off with a chocolate thunder from down under was the icing on the cake!  This place is just legit from top to bottom.On a side note, the manager there, Scott Hughes, is an amazing guy.  I've met him a few times and he's always so incredibly cordial.  He is the essence of hospitality and customer service.  He is always walking around talking with guests ensuring everyone is doing great in his establishment.  He really takes pride in his work, which is so rare to see nowadays in the restaurant industry.  This guy is great at what he does and I'm glad I know him.If you're in the neighborhood by Superstition Mall I highly recommend going to this place.  It's got great food, great people working, and great management!  Woohoo!  This is as good as it gets!
4	I haven't been to an Outback steakhouse in probably about 4 or 5 years but I wanted something different so I decided to stop by.  Our waitress seemed a little busy so it took a bit of time in between her visits but she was so nice and friendly that it made up for it.I ordered the 10 oz Ribeye and to my amazement it was actually cooked correctly!  It is one of my biggest pet peeves to go to a restaurant, order a steak medium rare and then get it medium well.  If you're not going to cook it right, don't ask!  Moving on though....the Aussie fries and clam chowder were both really good too surprisingly.  I don't usually expect to get good clam chowder at a steakhouse.  The bill was less than I was expecting too which is always a nice surprise.  I will definately be venturing back before another 5 years passes!
4	Was  disappointed. We did not get drinks until after we asked for them after our meal was served. My wifes steak was killed even after we got specific with them how we like it cooked ( Medium well). We asked for another as she was disappointed after the last time it was rare when we went out. this made us miss all our movie times except the last option.    The owner actually was there and came and appologized. He also took care of the whole bill. I asked him if we could pay for the other portion and refused as he wanted us to return. I Thanked him then, and as we say him as we left. They corrected the problem and even went thr extra mile. That is service from an owner. I definately recommend going again and supporting great business men like that!
3	Love the food here.We went w/some of our friends who were regulars and sat at the bar. The service was so so.
4	I'm a new fan of the Outback Steakhouse. It probably had been ten years since I had last had it until a couple of months ago. Now I have been there a few times and I plan on going back. I love ordering the shrimp as an appetizer and I have found that the Filet Focaccia Sandwich is awesome! I am not a steak person, so this suites me fine. Eating here can be a little expensive, but I really like the food!
4	Staff was personable, nice and efficient.  Details were handled well by the waiter and the ribeye steak was Very, very good!  I will return.  I hope they can keep this momentum going as it was all very, very good!
3	Real good food, reasonable prices, service is hit or miss but usually pretty good.  Glad they finally saw the light and opened for lunch on weekends now.
4	We went to this location with my parents and were not disappointed. We recently had a not so awesome steak experience at Black Barts steakhouse in Flagstaff and this Outback steakhouse made me love steak again. Our server who happened to be the owners son was wonderful as well. Will def go back again!
4	Over all a great place to eat. there are color crayons and pics for the kids to stay entertained. the staff is great. our favorite is Nicole with the pretty black curly hair. ask for her!the food is great and always fresh. for this price point, Outback goes out of their way. obviously, if you come during peak hours of 6 or 7pm, be prepared to wait for seating, because its a poplar place. we like to go around 4:30 to beat the crowds.I havent disliked anything on the menu yet, however, because they recently changed their pecan blue cheese salad recipe...so they get 4 stars...even the Manager said he was disappointed that Corp changed the salad recipe, it was my wifes favorite.
4	My son graduated from HS and i decided to take him somewhere special. When i brought up the name Outback Steakhouse he was all over it! the people here were friendly and the food was great. we were served quickly and we were out in time to catch the movie we were going to see
4	I typically tend to stay away from chain restaurants as often as possible.  I do have to say though, that I have been to several Outback restaurants thoughout the years and honestly I will say, I have never had a bad meal at any of them.  The quality of the steaks are pretty good, and it was cooked to a proper rare, so I can't complain about that.  It has a pretty extensive menu, if steak is not your thing, and I would have no problem going back to an Outback Steakhouse in the future.
3	I really like this location and would recommend it. Quality food at reasonable prices. Outback has excellent blue cheese dressing and tasty salads.  Only problem I experience repeatedly here is I'm part of the few that prefers my steaks WELL DONE 2 out of every 4 visits its pink or even red.... Hey if I'm paying for it cook it how I request. That's y I give it 3 stars instead 4 or 5.
2	Wow....what happened to outback?!?! Service is friendly, but slooowww. Bread was stale. Steak cooked to order but really fatty. Yuck! Won't be returning to this location.
2	I have no idea why one day I was craving the steak here.  I went to another branch once back when I lived in California.  It was packed for a Monday night.. mostly snow birds.  We got tilapia, sirlon steak special, and a rib eye steak. Took the waitress a wihle to take our order, she brought us over bread that was super fresh and hot, very yummy.  Tilapia was a lot better than I expected, seemed like it would be overwhelming if i ate the whole thing though.  My friend said the sirlon was good.  As for my rib eye steak I ordered medium rare but it was well done.  I felt bad to bother them at such a busy time but I couldnt eat the well done steak it was way too dry.  They were nice and made me a new steak but it took forever.. both my boyfriend and roommate were done with their food when my new steak came out. The new one was juicier but didnt have much flavor.  Not a big fan of chain resturants.. they always cook my steak too much, just my luck I guess.  Will not be returning.
1	Food was cold and undercooked and an employee used the restroom and didn't wash their hands.  First time having a bad experience at this establishment.  Wasn't servers fault the foo was cold it was the expeditors fault.
2	Very long wait (even though we arrived early and there were few waiting), extremely slow service, food was tasty though.
4	I ate at Outbacks around the US on my trip and this Outback because of the service was the #1 best. We ate in the bar and Melissa was our server. She was awesome Food is always consistent ... I do wish Outback would put one decent  draft beer in as they use to instead of the second rate Blue Moons, Samuel Adams Dos Equis choices. Yuk They use to have some type of Aussie Amber that was great. I hate the beer choices I love their food. Thank you for great attention to my last visit.
2	Steak was under cooked, staff was slow, and to top it off, we hear the manager arguing loudly with the elderly couple across from us about how they didn't know what medium was. So what you're telling me is we ordered two steaks cooked the same way and we're complaining about the wrong one? The one we think is good is actually over cooked?....
3	Just as good / bad as all others depending on your experience.  Personally I think for the price this is a great deal.This time I tried the Steak & Lobster, I had the lobster grill what a pleasant surprise.The bartender was very nice, and overall this is my second time hear and I think it is a good store overall.
1	I've only eaten Here once.  I love prime rib but this was the Worse prime rib ever.  Not just bloody but cold on the inside. Customer service bad,  although they, lack lu sterly, offered to take it back and cook it longer but I had lost my appetite, I did eat part of my husband's dinner which tasted okay,  we paid and left,  haven't been back since. ........ i guess could've been an isolated incident. ......Not impressed.  No complaints at the Flagstaff location however.
4	I had a good experience overall. My meal was cooked well. My waitress was nice. Her name was Jodie.  I had sirloin, cooked medium, tasted fine. Also, shrimp with crab on top. I think I won't get that again. I like it better with just butter. I had a wallaby darned, always tasty! If you don't have patience, don't come. It is a little slow, but I'm in no hurry.
1	I have eaten in Outbacks, literally, all over the United States.  Unfortunately, this one is closest to my home and I had a one star meal yesterday 07/25/14.  Let me say, that I usually go here with a crowd. Yesterday, I had lunch, just me, after a business meeting...I took myself out. Was starving, in a great mood, and wanted Steak and Lobster. I sat in a bar booth. My waiter was an older woman with short white hair who tried to rush me, was prickly and EXTREMELY unfriendly and in a big rush. I was her only table and she was walking away while she asked what do I want to drink. She never brought my water  She threw my salad in the bowl to serve it to me. Everyone else (in other sections with different wait staff)  received normal looking salads, but whatever. I asked for dressing on the side..and it came on top.  The AWFUL waitress surely was responsible. It took 1/2 hour to get my meal after I noticed waiting after I just pecked at that boring salad. Then a table of three men came in and she was sweet to them, friendly and said "thank you" Worst wait staff experience. I only left a tip because I know bus people need it. too. So the FOOD was only acceptable and NOT normal yummy-like Outback.  The steak was cooked properly, but tough and nowhere NEAR the flavorful steaks this chain really puts out.  The very small  lobster tail (I ordered steamed) was about  30 seconds under-cooked, but I ate it and it was tasty.  I had asked my waiter for my potato dressings on the side, but alas it was on top already, again what would she care?So all this for my "atta-girl-treat yourself  special lunch for $35. Previously,about 3 months ago I was there and  they had to re-fire my steak TWICE to get it to medium-rare.  However, the staff has always been -except for this little lunch of mine--usually very nice.  I mean why else would I stop in if I wasn't usually comfy there.  After the last few meals, just in the "meh-had better" range, considering the price, and now the hiring of a nasty white haired witch server?    I'm done with this location.  Finding another go-to steak house immediately.
4	Friends and I went to this Outback a few days ago as I was frustrated over projects I was doing at home and decided to treat myself.  Our waiter was in training, but did quite well (although he could have gotten refills on our iced teas a little quicker and without us asking).  Food, as always, was yummy.  I did need to send my steak back to be cooked a little longer.  I had asked for medium but due to the thickness of the cut it was a bit closer to medium rare.  Manager himself brought the steak back which was a pleasant surprise.  We all had the mini shakes as a dessert!  I had another wonderful experience at this location.
2	the food was standard, nothing special,  went for lunch,  Server was very lacking , did not introduce self, never checked back regarding meal, did not clean up dishes or refill drinks in a timely manner.  Probably will not go to this location again.
3	I ordered a medium steak and it came out almost well done. It was also over seasoned. They weren't even busy so I don't know how that happened. I just ate it without sending it back.At least the waiter was super nice and they have an "A" health grade rating.
4	I was skeptical about going here after reading the reviews but it was the most convenient after watching a movie at the theater.  I was by myself taking some time for myself without kids.  I sat at the bar and my bartender was awesome.  She was very attentive and made sure I was taken care of. The male bartender didn't seem all that great. The food was on point as well as the cocktails.  The only downside was the manager.  He made sure to check on the "regulars" but nobody else. I get wanting to see how the regulars are doing since you see them often and you make money off of them. However, if you are already in the bar area asking out their meal tastes you would think you would ask the others how their meals are too. Just my opinion. ...
3	Not sure what is going on at this location. Over the past 3-4 years the food quality and service has deteriorated. Not near as crowded as it once was. I usually order the sirloin and wedge salad. They do tend to cook steaks on the rare side, keep that in mind when you order. I usually order medium rare, but medium is a better temp at this kitchen.
1	Very disappointed as a veteran to their Veterans Day menu, if you could call it that. They offered drinks and what they call the bloomin onion which is basically a deep fried onion ring dish. That was the extent of their Veteran's Day menu. If that was the approach that myself and my fellow veterans took to some of our conflicts, we would have been given 5 bullets and a slingshot. This is an example of corporate greed where they try to attract new customers by offering a Veterans Day menu with some complimentary dishes. This is a form of dishonest and self-serving false advertising. This veteran as extremely disappointed with Outback Steakhouse.
1	Quite possibly the worst food I have ever had at a reputable restaurant. Some food was inedible salty and the veggies had no seasoning whatsoever. Terribly disappointing.
1	Wait time is 25 minutes, not bad considering all the people waiting. The service was slow as it took an hour and change to get our food served to us. Our table attendant gave us a complimentary dessert for 2 people and there were 5 of us???I ordered steak and lobster and received the smallest lobster tail I have ever had. I have caught crawfish that were larger than the lobster tail I was served. I can say that this dinner was not worth the wait nor the 80 dollar bill. Very dissatisfied.I will not be going back to the Outback!
3	This place used to be so good. I especially loved their salads. They put the drsg on the bottom and was so fresh. The steak is okay but they changed their seasonings. It doesn't have as much flavor any more. It is okay but not as special as it used to be
1	Just returned from Outback as we were given some gift cards.  Our kids each got the Outback Special 6oz sirloin and it was the worst cut of meat I have seen.  Each of them struggled to cut the meat.  I even tried and it was terrible.  I mentioned something to the waitress and her comment was "that is how all the Outback Special Sirloins are".....we'll continue to go to Texas Roadhouse where the steak is edible.
1	I have tried so incredibly hard to give this Outback location a chance. My husband and I really like this restaurant chain and this is the closest location to our house, so we've been here dozens upon dozens of times.  But every single visit without fail, there's a problem. I even went so far as to email the General Manager a few visits ago, who graciously sent me a $40 gift card so we could try again. Unfortunately, yet again it was a big flop. The steak is always so rare that it has to be sent back- cold, red, bloody and rubbery. It's literally inedible, and I really don't mind having a steak on the "rare" side. I hate being "THAT" person who sends everything back, but when I order my steak medium, I expect it to be pink throughout with some red, not freezing cold and straight from the cow. You'd think that when the server comes to take your plates and the food goes uneaten, they would realize something needs to be fixed, but they don't seem to care. The service is seriously lacking. The wait staff is doing something wrong when every single time we visit, we have to track down someone to take our orders 20-30 minutes after being seated. Our food comes before salads, and by the end of our meal we've had no drink refills and have to remind the server for the 10th time that we never got any bread. We have been to numerous other Outback locations across the Valley and have never experienced this level of incompetence and basic lack of service industry knowledge. We will continue to visit the Chandler and San Tan locations, but my patience for this particular Outback is absolutely gone.
