1	Somebody tell me where I can get a decent haircut and good service. Still looking and I have a lot of haircuts left in my life time.  I was passed over 3 times today after waiting for 45 minutes.  I finally got up and left.  Never returning to any supercuts ever again.  Don't waste your time or money at any of them!
1	Super rude!! The guy who gave me a haircut, Philip, is definitely someone who shouldn't be in this line of business if he doesn't know how to be courteous to his customers. He snapped at me (oh yes..he did) for taking an extra minute to explain what i wanted and said that I wasn't being clear. And then later in the guise of making conversation he commented about a child who came in saying that that child sounded possessed! I should have walked out. I regret not having done that.This is it for me..no more super cuts ..ever! Done!
5	Been going to Phillip for the last 6 years (Previously at Great Clips) - great guy. Have 3 friends that go to him as well. Just took my 2 year old to Phillip and he likes him a lot.
3	What can I say it's a Supercuts. Just don't get the big latino chic. She has no idea how to cut hair. Bad haircut once, shame on you. Bad haircut twice, I'm an idiot. :(
4	I've gotten my haircut here over the years when I've lived in that Happy Valley area.  I've had it cut by Jennifer mostly and Philip a couple years back.  I've never had a problem with this Supercuts.  And, I'm extremely picky about my hair and paranoid of getting bad haircuts.  Prior to coming here, believe it or not, I went to Aveda salons so I was worried about them slaughtering my hair.  But, Jennifer and Philip always have done a great job and have been super friendly.  I'm not trying to discredit some of these reviews because we've all had our own experiences, but I find it really hard to believe that Philip was rude to anyone!  He's always super friendly to me and to everyone that I've seen him come into contact with in there.  I think you might need to give him another try if you had a bad experience because he's got a witty sense of humor from what I remember and I can't imagine he would intentionally be rude to anyone!  Just my .02 on that.
3	Me and my mother decided it was time for a haircut so we went here since it was close to our house and not too pricey. I asked for just a trim and a lady barley cut half a centimeter oft ends. My mother got a shampoo and whenever she would say something, they would talk to her as if she were retarded. Not going here next time.
1	I went to the happy valley location with my daughter to get our hair cut.  My daughter got her cut from Jennifer and I had the displeasure of Philip.  They were both extremely rude and unprofessional. Philip even had the audacity to tell me "this is Supercuts and im not here to make money for my pocket, its for the customers pocket!". all I did was ask if I could have a shampoo and hair dry.  I will never go there again and hope they can either find better staff or train the current staff on customer courtesy and professionalism. It's an embaressment to the neighborhood.
4	My haircut routine is to pay a lot for a haircut I like, then get a couple discount haircuts before I go back to save some money.  I have trouble finding discount hair salons that I can stand every for a haircut that'll last 3 weeks though, and the reviews on this one didn't make me feel any better.  I was in the area though, and in desperate need, so I went in.  A male cut my hair (didn't get his name, but probably Philip?), and despite the bias I came in with after reading all these complains, I had a good time!  I don't talk much but when we did, he was funny and pleasant, and he was great at listening to my expectations.  Of course I still slightly prefer my other salon, but I think I've found the place I'll go for in-between cuts :)
3	I have gone here a few times,  and usually it's not a bad hair cut for how cheap they are. My problem is with their so called "appointments". I understand that this is a hair salon, but every single time I make an appointment on my lunch break, there is always someone finishing their hair cut and another still in front of me. I just don't like taking the time to make an appointment,  just to have to wait 20 minutes anyways. If you have the time though, it's not bad for the price.
