5	Located off of Elliot and I-10, Sakana is the place to go for fresh, inventive sushi.  Fresh, fresh, fresh! That is the name of the game here.  For starters try their spring rolls, crunchy and delicious! Their sashimi melts in your mouth. Like budda, baby. I normally get salmon and yellowtail. Good stuff.  I have never had a roll here that I didn't like. If it looks like it will be good when you order it...it'll be even better on the plate.  Try 'em all.  After 6:00 or so on the weekends, look for hour waits. But it will be worth it.   The combination of taste, value, and unassuming atmosphere is hard to duplicate here in the valley.
5	Excellent place.  I have eaten here several times and the place is always busy.  The sushi is good and you can order things that are not on the menu if you know what you want.  I have a friend who works for Intel with a lot of Asians and they frequent this place a lot, which is how I came to discover this place. The prices are good and are much cheaper than the RA or Kona when you take into account how big the portions are.
5	Nigiri sushi, this is usually why we go and have sushi. This places nigiri is amazing. The finest cuts of fish, the best edamami (if that is how it's spelled,) and the greatest service. I know that it is in a lackluster mall. There is not a huge air of pretension surrounding this place. And it is definitely not trying to "keep up with the Joneses." This is EXACTLY why I love this place!
5	Coming from the east coast, I am a bit snotty when it comes to sushi. Every place I tried in Arizona didn't even mildly live up to my standards. Then I found Sakana's. They have the freshest fish in town, decent prices, and really good service. They even have the grills to do it up Japanese steak house style.Try the mahi mahi tempura roll, it's my favorite. The baked scallops roll is phenomenal too. I definitely suggest sitting at the sushi bar the first time there, the cooks are really entertaining and a lot of fun. Also, if you're a big beer fan, this place has asahi black, which I normally can't find at many restaurants.
5	I'll say it.  There is "sushi".  And then there is "SUSHI"What most people consider sushi is some form of rice-rolled fish in a seaweed wrapper.  Maybe some cucumber rolled in if you're feeling inventive.But what Sakana serves is so far beyond what I've had anywhere else, its almost sad for them to have to downgrade themselves as serving the same cuisine as some other throwaway joints around town and hell, around the country.When you find your favorite sushi spot, you just 'know it'.  Its like reading your car manual and discovering you have a sweet feature you haven't even been utilizing.  Then you abuse the fuck out of it.  I want to abuse the fuck out of the Sakana yellowtail, both in Nigiri and Maki form.  It is the freshest I've had anywhere, and (pardon the name dropping) but I've eaten at Koi in LA and Miko in Vancouver.  How they do it in a land-locked dustbowl is a mystery to me.  Whatever magic they use works, which they also must use to enlarge the rolls because they are a GREAT size.  Not too big so you can't get em in one bite, but almost.  For their size, the prices are VERY reasonable.Go here for your every-day-sushi and stop throwing it away at shi-shi celeb ventures like SeaSaw and Stingray (disclaimer: There is CERTAINLY a time for celebrity sushi, but IMO, not appropriate for everyday dine-out sushi)
2	I found this sushi to be painfully mediocre.Standard menu with average roll options... quality was poor, in that my boyfriend ended up on the pot for an entire evening immediatly after consuming Uni at this establishment....
5	I love Sakana's, but I wonder if it is the good food or just all of the good memories that I have there.  It was a hot spot for my friends and I many moons ago.  I really had a nice time.  i like the intimate atmosphere and having tried sushi at Sting Rays, Ra, Kona Grill, Kobe, etc.....I think that Sakana's has always been the best.   This is my favorite sushi restaurant.
1	This is the worst Sushi restaurant. I guess I never learn because they gave me food poisoning more than once from the eel.Don't get adventurous here because they'll make you hate all the good stuff that you would enjoy otherwise. One such example is their uni which is not fresh and served in too large a portion.The service is also terrible. They have a lame attitude and last time I got the caterpillar roll, I told the waiter that it tasted bad so he laughed and walked away not offering to exchange it. I ended up paying for it with part of his tip.Their rolls are humongous so if you're a glutton who doesn't care about taste, this could be your sushi place. Most rolls contain lots of fake crab.
1	I agree with Dan.I'm not a fan.  This maybe a good place for a sushi novice, as many of their rolls to contain Krab!
4	I enjoyed my meal here thoroughly.  The nigiri was awesome, I had the salmon and yellowtail-- both were HUGE and delicious!  The spicy tuna was quite tasty as well.  I will definitely come back if I am ever in the neighborhood again.  I went with a client and it was a good setting for talking.  We went for a late lunch and it was not packed and not empty either, just a perfect amount of diners in there.  The service was quick and efficient, friendly.  Enjoy your meal at Sakana's- not that you need me to tell you that, you simply will.
5	Best sushi in town. Huge rolls, and unique ones too. Try the escolar sashimi. It is usually a special on the board behind the sushi bar. It is lighly seared (for those of you who can't handle the slab of raw fish style of sashmi). The squid salad is really good too, when they have it :(
4	Totally good! Tasty food. Great unobtrusive service. 50c appetizer if you buy a Kirian beer. Very, very good overall!Minus one * for way too kiddy atmosphere. They were EVERYWHERE!! Like OMFG, just keep families with children in like one side of the restaurant or something.
5	I've gone to Sakana for 12 years. When my friends or family come in from Seattle, it's where we have sushi. I can honestly say that I remember once or twice having something I didn't care for. Once or twice in 12 years is not a bad record. I think sometimes we have bad experiences and that's probably what happened to the two reviewers that hated the place because I've been referring sushi lovers to Sakana for a decade and no one has ever said they weren't impressed. Actually, my nephew once said that he preferred Sushi 101 on University because their nigiri were smaller and fit into your mouth better.  What kind of American is that? The portions at Sakana are pretty big, he does have a point... but I'm all about maximizing my buck and the quality has NEVER disappointed. Try the salmon (NOT smoked) and the yellowtail nigiri. Melts in your mouth.
2	I don't understand how this rates so high. As other reviewers have said, this is not good sushi. It's edible (thus the 2 star rating), but it's not great. I have been to this restaurant 3 times to make sure I wasn't missing anything, and each time I've been only mildly satisfied. They do not serve real crab, their rolls fall apart, and the service is not that great. Maybe I'm going at the wrong time? I have been there during lunch time each time I've gone and have not been impressed at all. On the 3rd try, my friend and I decided that we would not be returning any more.
4	You know, I've read some mixed reviews on this place. I enjoy going here. I think the pricing is reasonable, and I haven't had bad service. The food is pretty good (in comparison to other Phoenician Sushi restaurants).
3	I've been a big fan (a five star fan of Sakana) for at least 5 years. When we moved to the South in 2006 and tried a handful of Sushi places in mid-sized southern towns I really missed Sakana. We went last night to celebrate the New Year and I was disappointed. I think they may have changed management I know they change distributors. The just wasn't the same. Maybe they're cutting corners because of the economy. Who knows? At any rate I'll probably just drive up the Scottsdale location next time -hopefully Ray is still running that show to perfection.
4	this is some good sushi. better than most we've eaten in the valley. reasonably priced, and the staff is always super attentive.
1	I will just say that when you find a good Sushi place, stick too it! I am not a big fan of trying new places when you already have been somewhere amazing! I will also not return, the best thing I had was the deep-fried crunchy eel roll....when they can't get a spicy tuna roll right...it can't be good!If you are looking for an amazing place, and are in the north scottsdale area, check out Fusion Sushi: http://www.yelp.com/biz/fusion-sushi-and-china-bistro-scottsdale
4	Order the baked scallop roll and the ahi salad - you will be happy. This is not a sushi place for creative rolls - it is a very basic menu. But if you order the two items mentioned above, you will be happy. Once we ordered this big seafood soup with a bunch of shellfish in it - it was very good as well. It usually fills up quickly at lunch, so you have to get in a little early.
4	This is still my all time favorite sushi place....atmosphere is strip mall blah but the price and sushi is fabulous.Their baked scallops or langostino's are fabulous. Their Vegas roll is deep fried and though not as refined as Ra's version still very satisfying. Sashimi portions are large and fresh. I also recommend the escolar...slightly grilled with a sauce. Salmon dynamite is good as well. Always something new, though the "crab with a K" in everything is a little disappointing but it's usually out shined by great toppings. The miso soup and iced green tea are good and you can't go wrong with a sake-bomber!!
5	I was lucky (and grateful) to have some native Arizonan's for friends when I lived in the Phoenix Metro area. It is through these people that I was introduced to Sakana.If you are like I was, you might be carrying an unfair bias toward seafood prepared so far away from the sea.Sakana is WONDERFUL and very reasonably priced!Get the Baked Scallops sushi. It is DELICIOUS!The Mango Saketini's are very very good.The age-dashi tofu is yummy.This location of Sakana is especially good to party in. It really gets rollicking and is a little bit loud. If you are in the mood for a more elegant subdued experience, I suggest the other location of Sakana in Scottsdale. This place is a party and you might have to yell to your date.
4	My husband and I just moved to the Phoenix area from Ohio. We really enjoy our Japanese cuisine and thought that our native state had some really great places to offer. However, we are now fortunate enough to live within walking distance of Sakana. We figured we'd give it a try on a random recommendation, and we are so happy we went. You wouldn't expect much out of this place, being shoved into a tiny strip mall, but the restaurant is of fair size and has a very moody/laid back atmosphere. The hostess greeted us in Japanese, which sort of took us aback, but it was a nice touch. Everyone was really friendly and the wait staff was very knowledgeable about the items on the menu.As far as the food goes, it was excellent. I had an Alaskan Roll which was some of the best sushi I have had in a while. My husband had equally good sushi in a dish that I cannot remember the name of! We tried the spring rolls as an appetizer and enjoyed those. They tasted nice and fresh.The only negative, and it's really not that bad, is that it is a little pricey.Especially if you are trying to pinch your budget as my family is, but it's not an extravagant price. It is affordable if you have extra cash for dinner out.All in all, it was really enjoyable and good and I am looking forward to returning.
5	Wowed and all SMILES!This place hands down had an amazing combination of quality service, superior staff, and an unforgettable atmosphere.The moment you walk in the door you are happily greeted by basically everyone working there.  Its very pleasant and I was a bit skeptical about the sincerity of it.  It only took a few min to observe that everyone working here was genuinely happy to have you as a customer.  Some of the sushi chefs are shouting jokes with the customers and staff and everyone, including customers, are laughing.  This was so odd to me but it made for and EXTREAMLY enjoyable dinner.  I had a great time, so did the rest of the customers.The fish portions are very generous here.  The sushi had a clean taste with just the right amount of delicate flavoring.  Some of the best I've tried...period!  I highly recommend this place and I will be back for more.I really did leave with a smile =)
5	This place is the best place I've found so far for sushi in the Phoenix area.  The wait staff is always attentive, the sushi isn't overpriced and  their specialty sushis are actually good.  They stick to the basics, and don't veer too much into the west for their ideas.  The plates and silverware are clean, which is more than I was able to say at a different place I'd tried.  The sushi prices are similar to other places I've seen - except you get 3 pieces, not 2.  They don't stick too much rice in the rolls.  The pieces can sometimes push the limit, but most are manageable.  All in all, this is a great place that I will come back to time and again.
4	Consistently good, but consistently slow. The rolls are great though and they will make substitutions. Ada G. and I love the Baked Scallop roll and their Ahi Tetaki Salad is a favorite too. We've smartened up and gotten the toddler his own ahi roll on occasion so he wouldn't eat all of ours and peace was maintained. (How do they do this in the UN? It's exhausting!) When you order a large Sapporo you get a 50 cent seaweed salad too! Don't you love a bargain? When I came here when I was gainfully employed, lunch would always take an hour and a half so don't expect something quick, but it's always good. My husband doesn't care for it as much because he considers himself to be a true connoisseur but I like the rolls so I'm right at home here.
5	As an avid sushi lover, I can proudly say this is my ultimately favorite sushi place. My boyfriend and I are always on the hunt for good sushi places and were thrilled when we stumbled upon this place! The location was a bit difficult to find and park at when it's busy. The atmosphere is quaint but cozy. We typically sit at the sushi bar where service is great.The rolls are unusually large (it takes me two bites to finish just one piece!) and the price for these rolls are inexpensive. I recommend the philidelphia roll. The salmon is always abundant and you can taste the smokiness.In comparison to the chain Ra Sushi, Sakana's rolls are fresher, larger, and cheaper. Best. Sushi. Ever!
5	This place is STILL my all time favorite place to go for EXCELLENT sushi with a GREAT atmosphere.  The sushi chefs of San Francisco, Miami and Northern Virginia need to come here and learn a thing or two about quality and price.  ARIGATO!!!I just had lunch here the other day (9-9-09) and the quality is still the best I've ever had anywhere.
5	Huge portions, excellent quality and great prices!  One of the best sushi restaurants in the valley!  Not the most exciting atmosphere, but don't let that stop you from going!
4	I enjoyed Sakana very much!  I happened to stumble upon Sakana during happy hour while out searching for a new mom & pop joint to have dinner at on a Sunday evening.  The place was lively and the sushi that kept passing by me looked amazing!  There were some pretty good deals for happy hour including appetizers for 50 cents with the purchase of a Kirin.  We ordered a few rolls including the Miami roll which was one of their special rolls of the evening.  The rolls were ok, standard fancy pants rolls.  I guess for my personal taste with sushi, less is more.....I tend to appreciate the more simple sushi in which the taste of the fish itself really shines.  For this reason, I really enjoyed their yellowtail sashimi above all else.  The presentation of everything was very nice and the sushi chefs made the ambiance very fun and authentic as they took shots with some sushi bar diners.  I would definitely visit Sakana again, especially for their sashimi.
5	I've been going to this place for years, sometimes for special occasions, and sometimes it can be a weekly get together with family.  No matter when it is, the sushi is hands down the best I've ever had.  I am a sushi connoisseur and in all of the places I've been and had sushi, NY, CA, IL, WA, FL, Mexico... nothing compares to the quality!  The price is very reasonable as well.  The only thing that is a tad disappointing is that the wait staff there seems to have a high turnover rate, I sometimes see a couple of the sushi chefs who I can remember from as far back as six years, but other than that, as much as my family and friends and I go there, we never get recognized as "regulars" because there's always someone new working there!  I'd say that's their only downfall.... Other than that, this would be by far my favorite place to eat in Arizona ;)
4	Very good and high quality sushi. I ventured there based on the helpful advice of the Yelp community and I was pleasantly surprised. I had the sashimi deluxe lunch which contained lovely pieces of fuji albacore...very good!The place was very clean and the staff quite friendly and helpful.  I'll definitely go back.
2	Tonight was my second visit to Sakana. My first visit was for the lunch sushi special. More sushi than I could eat, for 10 bucks. Although the Cali roles were outstanding, the other pieces were average. Tonight I stopped in for Cali rolls, unagi, and edamame. The Cali rolls looked and tasted like they had been made 30 minutes before I arrived. The Unagi was outstanding! Huge pieces of eel, served warmed, tasty and filling. Service kinda sucked, waited a long time for a drink refil. Overall, average. Will return for sushi lunch special.
4	OMFG, I love sushi!Sushi bar with TVs, regular dining area, and a section setup for Teppanyaki.It's great sushi at a great price.
4	Friendly service and fresh fish. This is the only place where they have more than just one hot sauce - Sriracha, fire sauce, and jabanero sauce. The last two were really good. $7 for 5 piece sashimi. Tuna and yellowtail was good.  $9 Softshell crab roll was decent, but then again it's never that spectacular anywhere. Interestingly, I saw Larry Fitzgerald in parking lot. Now my outing to Phoenix is complete.
4	I have been to Sakana twice and really enjoyed what I had. I had the Dynamite Crazy Fire roll and it was delicious. I also shared the Terriyaki chicken dish and it was good as well. I will be back for the roll many times for sure.
5	The BEST sushi that I have been around along with excellent service. I have had some other good sushi.... but this was the best priced and the best portions for your money.... if you like sushi (sashimi in particular) check this place out. I have also tried their 7-spice.. or 10-spice Salmon with spicy mayo sauce.... delicious!
2	I have been here once before today and thought it was OK. Knowing that have a huge daily special for only $10 I thought it would be perfect to share with my daughter, I think it comes with 5 pieces of assorted sushi fish, a crunchy California roll, crab tempura and a stuffed shrimp egg roll thing plus soup and salad, definitely a lot of food! That's what we planned on ordering until we sat down at the sushi bar and saw them pre-making the CA rolls and setting them off to the side on a large tray...UGH you know how I HATE pre made stuff! I decided on a tuna/avocado roll and Val got a shrimp tempura roll, I also ordered a cucumber salad. Well I'm much more for quality over quantity and Sakana seems to be the other way around, yeah they give you a lot but it's really not that great. My tuna roll was OK, the Shrimp tempura roll was filled with an enormous amount of mayonnaisey Krab meat and my cucumber salad was a giant bowl, probably 3 cucumbers worth, of just plain cucumbers WTH? I tried to explain to the guy making the sushi but he didn't understand my English because he spoke mainly Spanish and I don't think the waitress understood to clearly either when she returned to me with another bowl of less amount and less fresh cucumbers, plain again but with a drizzle of something foul. There is much much better sushi to be had and I'm more than happy to pay for it elsewhere because Sakana's sushi isn't quality sushi to my standards. But if your looking to fill up on mediocrity by all means pull up a chair.
5	The sashimi and rolls are always fresh, the portions are big, and it's not overpriced. They have a great lunch menu, I wish I worked closer to one! This is definitely my favorite sushi chain. Love it here!
2	Plus: The uni was quite good. I'm a recent convert to the Way of the Uni, so I had high hopes based on my first tastes. But in the end, the rest of the meal was just... meh.I'm a sucker for Spider rolls. But this one was over-powered by the addition of some odd crab meat mix. It wasn't bad, but it sure didn't have the flavor of soft-shell crab.My wife had the Crunch Eel roll. It's a variation of something she gets as her standard order. Because the ingredients tend to be different from spot to spot, it's always fun to see each establishment's take on her favorite. In Sakana's case, they go much heavier on the batter, developing a product that's, well... hard. The "eel sauce" was heavier on the eel than the sugar. To me, that's a matter of taste. These guys want more eel, she wants it sweeter. That's OK. Just a mismatch in expectations.She also had some unagi nigiri. Her comment: not very flavorful. But I chalk up at least some of this to the sauce, as that didn't resonate with her.But as luck would have it, some friends have invited us _back_ tonight. They claim it's one of their favorite places. So maybe we just ordered wrong. At any rate, we'll try that again. Maybe the teppanyaki is better than the rolls, or that the sashimi will be sublime?
4	What a difference a guided tour and 24 hours can make!Upon learning of my less-than-stellar reaction to their favorite sushi and teppan spot, the insisted I return. And am I ever happy I did!This time I stuck to the small board of "specials" in the back, enjoying some incredible smoked salmon and albacore. I nibbled on a little of the white toro and even had some of the teppan others were enjoying. Outstanding!So if you go, ignore the rolls. It's as if they are made for the average schmo who doesn't really like sushi and was brought there on a dare. In fact, skip the whole menu and look behind the sushi bar to the little white board. That's the good stuff.
4	Good quality great portion sizes and good prices.  If you are looking for a solid sushi place n the east valley this is it. Their sashimi plates are unparalleled in value. A ever changing menu of speciality rolls will keep you interested and their birthday celebration procedure can not be beat.One thing to be aware is they auto add gratuity at 4 people not the standard 6.
4	Now, I like happy hour as much as the next person, probably more, but sometimes I am just not in the mood for loud music, surrounded by a bunch of beautiful people, in a trendy setting. When I'm looking for something a little more reserved and I want good sushi, I go to Sakana.The portions are VERY generous, the atmosphere is quiet and cozy, the staff is happy and friendly and the focus is on good food, not a cool image. While it appears they don't have a "happy hour" at Sakana, they do have a special "Customer Appreciation" menu (Mon-Thur) with discounted prices on the most popular rolls. Plus, last night when we went, there was a special of "order a Kirin or Kirin Light and get an appetizer for 50 cents." What a deal!Also, this is a great place to go with a group because of the Teppanyaki Grill tables, and that is always a fun time! Sakana is one of Ahwatukee's best kept secrets for true sushi lovers!
4	I could've sworn I've written and updated reviews of this place.  Where did they go?  Sakana is my favorite sushi restaurant.  If it weren't for the fact that I've developed allergies to rice and most white fish and certain shellfish (I pretty much stick to wild fish now, and you know how rare it is to find, and how expensive it can get!), I'd eat sushi and sashimi everyday!  (Well, OK, every OTHER day, for I also can eat THAI FOOD everyday!)Lunch combos are great!  In taste and in price.  We would always order the baked mussels.  Loved the spider and crunch eel rolls.  I honestly can't remember disliking anything we've tried here.  It's been awhile since I last visited, so I may update my review soon!
4	Good choice for an affordable sushi dinner.  Portions and quality are good. Prices (including sake) are reasonable. When I travel to Phoenix on business, this is on the list to visit.
5	Hands down the best sushi in the valley. Don't let the modest decor fool you. You always get the freshest fish, best rolls, and perfect portions. There are always great specials to try too. I could eat here everyday. This is just one of those places where they get it right. No gimmicks. If you want great sushi this place is for you.
4	I'm in town from Berkeley for a business conference, and I brought my family for some vacation time.  Tonight we wanted sushi.  Closest to the resort with an atmosphere we figured we wanted was Sakana.  We ordered way too much food, but it was all very tasty.  Berkeley is a foodie haven, and we are admittedly food snobs.  Sakana was good stuff, and we'd recommend that you give it a try.
3	I went in with fairly neutral expectations, ready to be wow-ed or very disappointed. Sakana is mediocre--some things done well, others not. Our waitress, although thorough and attentive, made me feel really rushed. The 50 cent appetizer deal is awesome, and the fried scallops are great! (I love all things fried--their 50 cent appetizer menu is awesome for other fried food fanatics). The sushi tasted pretty good, but felt a bit soggy and fell apart. The teppanyaki steak was absolutely delicious, but the chef did not do any tricks or anything interesting. He just chopped up our food, cooked it, and calmly placed it on our plates. I'm used to flames and excitement when I go to a teppanyaki place. Their birthday song is pretty funny--a loud drum, a Japanese birthday song, ice cream, and a Good Fortune cat are enough to embarass almost anyone! All in all, decent food but mediocre service. I'll probably do take out if I bother with this place again.
3	I came here for my birthday because I had never had a teppanyaki dinner before. My girlfriend and I thought it would be fun and this was the closest place that offered it. Reservations were made and we were off.The two things to get here are definitely the teppanyaki dinners and the appetizers. The fried scallops were awesome. They were just greasy little poppers of deliciousness. In between the appetizers we ordered a little bit of sushi, which was tasty, but definitely fell apart like other reviews have mentioned.I think the problem was overstuffing; the paper was just barely wrapped around all of the sushi. After that came the teppan steak. It was prepared perfectly and the cook was great. He tried to talk to us a bit but the restaurant was a bit too loud and crowded so that didn't pan out.Lastly, I'll just mention a bit about the service. Our waitress was very kind but man did she seem in a hurry. I know the place was busy but I didn't get to feel as relaxed as I wish I could have. If I go back I'll try not to hit a peak time in service just to see if that was a fluke.
3	I actually give this place a 3.5 rating. If you don't mind sacrificing a little on quality for good prices Sakana is your place. Don't get me wrong, there is nothing wrong with the fish here. I like this place. It is a good value for your money. The atmosphere is laid back and a good place to hang out with friends. The service is OK, but it lacks the ambience that the staff at the Gilbert location give. But, like I said I still like this location and will visit it often.
1	I think I would like to try the Sakana that everyone else is reviewing because I surely could not have been at the same place... Finding high quality sushi in the Phoenix area has been a challenge for me as most of the places I get referred to are a bit too "Americanized" for my liking. Sakana is thou the worst offender of doing this. My husband and I went the other evening and ordered what we thought were 7 different rolls...nope-they all tasted the same. Fake "krab" minced up and doused in mayo- minced tuna..again doused in mayo-and what didn't have mayo had cream cheese or was deep fried-ick. Even when asking the waitress what was in the rolls (we like to try different things) she at no time said "krab salad"-she just said crab...so when I get rolls that have this stick all minced up with mayo you can certainly understand my frustration. The head chef came over and apologized-however stated that it was their "style" and that's how most of the rolls are. Dinner was atrocious and you leave here with your clothes reeking of oil due to the teppan bar that they have. So money wasted on something I could have done myself with a jar of Hellmans and a package of VandDeKamp Krab and additional money wasted on a dry cleaning bill. Save your palette and your money and go elsewhere if you are looking for good, clean, sushi. If you like all the mayo & cream cheese rolls then this is your spot.
3	limited vegi rolls...i was so very much wanting  a sweet potato roll but could not fulfill that craving on my visit to sakana.  i settled for a very blah avocado roll and lettuce with fried tofu on top (this is what they called a salad).  not very inventive, not very exciting.  my friend and son enjoyed their nigiri and maki plus generous helping of shrimp tempura.  i think this is just not the best place for vegi's.
2	This is a super "loc" spot and it's usually hustling and bustling.  Nice that the neighborhood sushi fiends are so loyal.  Fortunately, Sakana is not in my neighborhood so I don't have to feel bad about not liking it.  The menu is just average, both on paper and on plate.  The service is a lot like servicing yourself- leaves a lot to be desired.
3	The fish is always very fresh and portion sizes are generous.  The fiji albacore tuna is pretty good when in season.  They have great deals from Mon-Thurs.  1/2 price sushi rolls.  Their rolls are always fresh and huge.
1	My family and I have been dining at Sakana on Elliot for at least a decade and for the most part, have been very satisfied with our experiences. In fact, we would call it one of our "go-to" places. Over the last 6 months or so however, that has changed and as of today, I will not go back. Craving fresh sashimi and being consistently disappointed has not been good for my loyalty nor my pocket book. Today, my son and I tried yet again, wanting to give Sakana another chance. Today the albacore was fishy and mushy, some of the other fish was "borderline" and my cucumber roll lacked any substance or finesse.We were told nothing would be done in terms of compensation (i.e. taking something off the tab) because we did not inform them in enough time. Poor quality food, poor service...big bummer.
4	Sakana is not gonna amaze you with fancy rolls or the freshest fish in the world but they combine some solid combos with a great price and solid service.I come to Sakana on a semi-regular basis for lunch because it is rare that you can find a $10-12 sushi lunch that won't leave you disgusted or with stomach problems later. Sakana has the wonderful Sakana lunch which is $10 comes with miso soup, small salad, a crunchy california roll thing, like 6 different nigiri pieces, and a spicy crab jalepeno popper thing. Yeah you read that right all of that for $10 at lunch time. I am a hungry dude and it's rare that i can finish all that food because there is so much. They also have a very good sashimi lunch special that is miso soup, 4 pieces of 4 different fishes, bowl of rice all for $11 and again very good. The fish quality while not gonna make you mistake it for fresh catch or the best california or Seattle sushi joints is still fresh and tastes like it should and not like its been sitting for days or gonna be confused with the stuff sitting for hours on end at Fry's. I actually think it's pretty good and they do a good job at switching up what is in the lunch specials for what is in season and fresh so you do get good stuff and not just plain stuff as they mix in stuff like blue fin tuna or toro belly. I like the sashimi because usually it is Tuna, Salmon and 2 other fresh catches that rotate.Also try the scallop dinamite as it is pretty good for cheap at lunch.Like i said though don't expect to be wowed as it won't happen but you want a good lunch for cheap this place is as solid as you can get.
5	Still the best sushi I've ever had.  Partner in crime and other Cali friends agreed with my assessment.  Arigato.
4	I came here at the recommendation of my friend, he said it was the best sushi he had ever had, I was skeptical to be sure. Upon arrival the  staff was very friendly and we got  our food quickly. The california rolls are the same  as you'll find just  about everywhere (that is, filled with mayo), and the vegas roll was good, but way too crunchy, almost burnt, it  should have come out of the fryer about a minute earlier. I got the  eel nagiri and it was delicious, although it had too much sauce on it.  Overall sakana was decent  but certainly not the best sushi.
4	Co-worker says 'Let me take you to my favorite sushi place - it's a secret!'Sushi says I?  I'm in!!!So they dragged me here!  If 4 stars means I'm a fan - then I am.  Great prices and my old favorites were not screwed up.  I kept thinking "it must be double roll" day because I ordered 2 rolls ... but some how ended up with closer to 20 slices.  Is that real?  I mean ... the value would be hard to beat.  Especially since I went to sushi lunch the week before and spent almost 4 times as much for the same amount of food.  I liked it.  Will definitely go back.  But ... it's a secret so you can't hang out in my joint.Would be interested in their teppan grill -- looks very intimate over there.
1	They have a very limited menu, horrible service, and a really pushy staff. I'm sure there are better places out there for cheaper.
5	Love this place! Good sushi & other cruisine.Sushi Bar good for dates or table for family.Try the Baked Scallop Roll, it's the best!!
1	THIS PLACE IS HORRIBLE! The service is the worst you will get at any Sushi place I've been to. I went for lunch one day and ended waiting over an hour to get my meal and the bill. Our waitress never came back once to refill our sodas or anything. The staff was rude when we reminded them that the bill needed to be split. NEVER AGAIN!
3	Why, oh, why is Teppanyaki such a challenge!?!  It is the ultimate in party cuisine and a great experience, plus the food seems that much better cooked in front of you.  Somehow though Phoenix remains without a great Teppan restaurant.My nephew is an Asian food junkie and loves Teppan, so for his birthday we really wanted to give him a great experience and Sakana remained one of two places in town we have not tried so onward...We were sat immediately about 15 minutes prior to our reservation and quickly ordered drinks and sushi.  After reading other reviews I walked over to the sushi bar and looked at the day's specials.  We ordered two types of Nigiri off the special board and then Uni and Spicy Scallops.  For my nephew we got a spicy tuna roll.  There was nothing wrong with any of it.  The sushi had a clean taste and was very good.  It was a pleasant surprise.The teppan started with a decent soup and salad.  The show itself was good, not great.  The portions of the meats were astonishing, absolutely huge.  Same with the veggies.  The rice was good and came in the standard cup.  A little odd was that the rice and veggies were an add on for an additional $3.  Not a big deal but just different.  Overall all the meats and the shrimp were okay.  I took a piece of my husband's steak as Teppan steak I always feel has the best flavor for steak from my perspective as a non steak eater, and it tasted like typical steak.So basically the whole food experience was a standard.  Nothing really standing out, nothing bad.  On the other side was the service.  Lackadaisical is the word that comes to mind.    My sister said she felt she bussed our table.  Since our party of 4 was alone at the teppan table we kept passing her our dishes to put on the other end as not one thing was removed from the table.  Think about the number of items I mentioned having and how many dishes that means!  I had to ask to get water and tea refills and my glasses were removed and returned in the most bizarre way.  A pitcher could have been so much simpler.  It took a good 15 minutes for my sister's beverage to come from the bar.  It was almost an hour before the teppan chef came over.  The server though was personable enough that the non-service service was less irritating than it might have been in other circumstances.  I doubt I will be back, but it wasn't a bad experience and for someone in the Ahwatukee area i would say if they have time and don't have a ton of money to spend on Teppan or sushi it is not  a bad choice.
5	Been going there for years.  Love the food and the service is great.  When I have my Japanese counterparts in town, that is the only place they want to go for sushi.  If you are looking for a show, sake bombers and assembly line manufactured rolls, this is not the place for you.  If you want fresh fish at reasonable prices, this is the place to go.
4	We go to Sakana on a regular basis. We usually only order sushi. For the price, location, and quality and quantity of the sushi, we really like Sakana.
5	I love sushi. I love Sakana. First off, their sushi is typically on point. I've only ever had one item I disliked and that's the seabass. Not a fan. One item that's a must have is their house smoked salmon nigiri. Holy effing awesome. I always want to eat like a dozen orders of that stuff. The best reason of all for Sakana though, is that they are open on Sundays and have a happy hour. For some reason I am always craving sushi on Sundays and there is a huge lack of good places open. Sakana saved me and I will return the favor by telling of its awesome.
4	Yeah man,...I don't really know all that much about sushi or sashimi.  The things I order are bastardized American versions of a long forgotten cuisine steeped in traditional intricacies and guided by the hand of custom.But I don't mind.  I like it.And when my wife wants to go out and have something nice, it really looks like I did my homework if (and when) I take her to sushi."Oh my gosh, I love sushi."Yeah baby, we're gonna wasabi this shizz up.  So it was Saturday and we were invited to a birthday party at a lounge where $250 dollar bottles of vodka were awaiting us in cozy confines of some random V.I.P. area where hundreds before us have made it rain on hostesses spilling out of their corsets while working that bottleservice.What could be better than to segue into our night's exploits with a little sushi and where better than Sakana?  I'm not sure the answer to that question but since I live in Tempe this place was the ace up my sleeve.We didn't want to get too full but we wanted to eat.  I was hungry but cautious.  So we ordered accordingly."My wife will have the house martini and I'll just have water (ahem).  We'll have the Rainbow Roll, the Lobster Tempura Roll and the Gyoza appetizer."The inside of Sakana is pretty dark at night and I like that aside from have to hold the menu closer to my face to read it.  Our waitress was competent enough to bring the food quickly but not enough to get my wife's drink order correct.  It's alright.  We were hungry and we ate and we didn't get too full but definitely were satisfied.  I know my wife won't let me pass this place up again.
4	The food was AMAZING! We tried so many different kinds of Sushi from The Tootsie Roll to spicy tuna rolls and they are all delicious!The frozen oranges were the perfect after dinner treat! The song and show for the next tables Bday was a hoot and our waitress was extremely attentive and on top of her game. It is a small place but didn't feel uncomfortably crowded even though all tables were full.
4	This place gets packed for lunch to get there before noon!  We were quickly seated and then our server got our drink orders.  The green ice tea is right on.  The real stuff!!  I got the #4 Chicken Cutlet (Panko Fried Chicken with Tonkatsu sauce).  Most lunches are served with Miso soup, salad and rice.  I got everything of the lunch except for the rice.  I thought the lunch did not come with rice so I just eat what I got, until I looked it up on the website.  HUM?  Either way, the service was great, food was great, and the prices are reasonable!!!
4	I have been a loyal customer of Sakana for some time now, and have made converts of many other people as well. Every single visit is a great experience; the staff is fast and friendly, the sushi chefs are artists of their craft, and the food is amazing!The fish they get is some of the freshest I have ever eaten, and they get some amazing variety as well! The whiteboard up behind the sushi bar is always listing their latest specials, and that's usually where I do most of my ordering from. Of course, if I can't decide what to eat, the sushi chefs are always more than willing to make some creative suggestions.
3	We went for the lunch special. Most of it is premade and sits behind the chefs. Its all very rice heavy so I suggest the sashimi instead if you want to get your fish on. Its fair and the price isn't bad and the staff is very friendly and attentive. I recommend driving down to Mido Sushi for the all you can eat special.
5	This is my favorite sushi spot.  The price is right, the staff is friendly, the sushi is pretty darn good and the ambiance is nice and cozy.  Great for a date, or even just lunch.  I can walk out full and sakied up for 20 bucks!
5	Best value sushi in town.Very good, very fresh. Nice prices. Not over priced like RA and Roka Akor etc..
5	I have not found better sushi in all of az.  Sakana rocks!  Fresh, fun, friendly.  Prices are good and lunch specials even better. I am a loyal customer.
4	What can I say, it's a tasty local sushi joint. I'm not a huge fan of the Kona Grills of the world, so I can appreciate a nice individually owned sushi spot.I had the Squid Salad, a Rainbow Roll, Las Vegas Roll, Ahi Tuna... all were pretty tasty and not too pricey at ALL!
5	I'll say it off the bat, I work here so I may be a bit biased.  BUT, I know that they only serve their freshest cuts of fish and don't even bother serving anything below par to customers!Their rolls are obviously not genuinely Japanese, but they have specials everyday of their newest incoming fish for those that want "real Japanese food".  The chefs are very flexible and friendly and are able to make any suggestions necessary as long as you ask politely.  Happy hour Sunday-Thursday and beer specials with discounted apps every day!  Very affordable and tasty, they have something for everyone.  Still have yet to try their teppanyaki, but I've never heard any complaints.The baked scallop roll and Fiji Tiger roll are a must have!PS- be nice to servers, we make less than minimum wage and more than half of the income comes from tips.  We try the best we can!
4	Coming from California you can feel my snub towards desert sushi.  Also while visiting Arizona a while back was the first time I've ever had BAD sushi. BUT-how much longer could I have avoided such sushi cravings I've been having since I moved here? I need sushi in my life...AMBIANCE: Its interesting how sushi houses in Phoenix take orders by having a paper menu which the party can mark themselves. (Highly efficient btw.) Located in a random shopping center, Sakana has a comfortable atmosphere with a little more real estate than you would figure this spot to be from the outside. Family & hip(ster-ish) oriented (patrons & servers alike) instead of the familiar K-pop cover ballads they played some 90's pop hits from MJ to Prince. Nothing like your 'HE HEEE'S!' & purple rain while you're scarfing down some good fish. Its casual.SUSHI & SERVICE: I went with a party of 5 on a Sunday with most of the tables occupied. Even so I was surprised we got our drinks & smoked salmon sashimi  within 5 minutes. We sampled 6 different rolls-from baked scallop to the tootsie roll to the fried Californian. All which I should say is pretty LEGIT. Not the straight out the water fresh but the THIS-IS-AS-GOOD-AS-IT-CAN-GET-SUSHI- WISE-OUT-HERE fresh. Which is all I can ask for! Really, it was DELICIOSO. -The rolls are your standard size for (Americanized) sushi about 4-6 pieces.-If you ever order the baked scallop roll they bless it with an abundance of crab meat/chopped up scallops & topped off with sprinkled fish eggs-no room for dissapointment here. Though Sakana has 2 other locations in the valley it does not have the flavor of 'chain' sushi. Also they mixed up an order of a massive sushi plater & placed it on our table then had to quickly take it back right when my cousin was about to pinch one with her chopsticks. Well 2 minutes later we were served a plate of another Vegas roll-on the house. To compensate for the possible emotional distress you may have caused taking away  that triple roll platter-compensate you did. NOTED.BRAVO Sakana for your timely & friendly service, being open on sunday & the complimentary sushi. I shall return to this sushi house in the desert! Finally a place for my sushi fix.
4	My fav new sushi place. Screw the Ra's and Kona Grill's...ick. All the specialty rolls are amazing. I also order the baked mussels and squid salad. Great service, great wine and friendly enviornment. Being a massive 80's music fan...they play tons of it and it makes me very happy as I eat...haa :) I would say this is the best sushi I have had since Kyoto's in Scottsdale. Also their specialty drinks are awesome and pretty big as well. This is a must! :)
5	By far my favorite sushi place!
5	I HEART Sakana, I have been going to Sakana since my 16 year old was in a high chair. It is by far the best restaurant in Ahwatukee and the best sushi to get in Phoenix. If you need something to do with valley visitors take them to Sakana for the sushi & Tepan tables. Price is fair, they do have a happy hour menu so one can try new things.... GO FOR IT!
5	One might call me a "sushi whore." So it's safe to say, "If there's good Sushi in town, it's been in my mouth."  I'm from southern California where the sushi is plentiful and the quality is world-class. SAKANA is by FAR, my favorite sushi spot in the valley. The atmosphere lovely, the sushi unparalleled, They have customer appreciation Monday-Thursday for all you penny pinchers and starving college students out there. Equally as notable, if you buy a large Kirin, you get a .50 cent appetizer; so "bottoms up" to the ultimate place to grab a cold one. Oh, and Keep this under your hats, but here's a little insider tip for all you "rock stars from Mars": If you're looking to have some real fun- SUSHI BAR. These guys are bitchin. (If you want to find out just how "bitchin" they are, grab a seat and prepare to get swash buckled)... "Meh"- Teppanyaki is decent, but EVERY sushi item is Perfection for the taste buds. They offer daily roll-specials so make sure to check em out when you arrive.  Eat well, live well and surround yourselves with ones who do. - Cheers.
1	I wanted to like this place, but honestly only because of the sushi chef Ramon, who was flirting with me while I was dining solo after work and even tried to give me free food (cooked salmon ribs). Unfortunately, I got puking sick immediately after leaving this place and considering I only had 2 drinks and I'm not a lightweight, I can only blame the sushi. I suppose I should have known something was up when the yellowtail didn't have that signature taste I love so much and the salmon seemed to have a filmy texture but as I said, Ramon made me want to like this place. The portions were huge but in addition to my horrible aftermath, I found the selection of fish and rolls to be limited (no bluefin toro or shiro maguro) and my waitress was very inattentive.I'm sorry Ramon but I will not be coming back to see you.
5	......and still, the best sushi I've ever had AND they always have cute  friendly waitresses taking care of business.  Desiree has spectacular eyes and a warm smile!Lunch today was deelish and I'll be going back a few more times before heading back to the bay.  New partner in crime will try it this weekend and I'm sure she gonna rike it.Arigato guey!!
5	My wife and I stopped in for some delicious sushi before attending an event in Phoenix.  The sushi was delicious. My wife, who typically doesn't like tuna LOVED our spicy tuna role.  Everything was so fresh. The service was outstanding and fast!  Great experience!
5	Best sushi in Phoenix, not much else to say. Fish is so fresh, and portion are large, just a great value. They also serve tapanyaki which is really good. Just wish they were open for lunch on weekends.
3	Food - okay, the sashimi didn't seem fresh, but I liked the fried sushi rolls. Spicy Tuna roll tasted okay.Atmosphere - there was a weird, fishy smell in the air. Maybe its because they are cutting SO much raw fish, but it smelled like the seafood section of asian grocery stores, not appetizing. Service - it was fine
3	I was disappointed in Sakana, mainly because of the service.The food was excellent, and wonderfully priced. I think I ate a week's worth of sushi for $25. But the service!It took us a while to be seated. When we were seated, it took several minutes for us to get drinks. I ordered edamame and the waitress forgot about it. After 25 minutes, I had to remind her. She apologized and brought the appetizer and THEN got our order. We waited another 45 minutes to get our sushi. When the sushi arrived, it was incorrect. She had brought another table our order and their order to our table. Another 15 minutes of waiting to get our order re-made, and we finally got to eat. We arrived at 7pm and left around 9:30pm. Again, the quality of the sushi was great. I enjoyed the rolls and the prices were excellent.I'd give Sakana another chance, in hopes that the waitress was new or training.
2	Meh. Service was not very quick but it was friendly. The sushi was decently priced but seemed uninspired and was not particularly fresh. The spring rolls were strange to say the least, mushy inside with a fried doughy shell instead of the usual flaky shell. Not worth the trip in our opinion.
1	This place is so BAD!! Seated right away, with reservations, poor quality of food and the service matched.  Such a let down...chef had zero personality and the food matched.  Cheap drinks and appetizers was all that was a positive.
5	I went to Sakana for the first time this week and had a great experience!Decided to sit at the sushi bar, and quickly ordered my 3 favorite sushi items. The rolls were HUGE! So delicious and everything was really fresh. Our waitress was nice... I told her I wanted a nice glass of white wine and, ironically, she ended up bringing me my favorite white wine of all time - Kim Crawford Sav. Blanc. Perfect! I love when restaurants have that on their menu. The sushi chefs were fun and entertaining, and even handed us some fun, new, off-menu stuff to try. The food and service was great. I'll be back again!
3	I went here for the first time last week and was disappointed in many ways. The service was  bad. My waitress took forever to take our orders. We waited 40 min for the food, she didn't even come back to refill our waters. We ordered 3 different rolls including the special " Crazy Dragon Rolls?" , all of them, some how ,taste the same: all had imitation crab as fillers. The rice has way too much vinegar that completely overwhelm the taste of the unagi.  The price was good, I guess you get what you pay for.  I probably will not come back, however thumb up to the manager who was walking around chit chatting with customers.
2	I was so excited to try this place after reading the reviews. Not a good first experience. First we had to wait 30 minutes for our food and got 5 different rolls to share.  There was so much mayo in the crab it left a coating in my mouth (YUK!)  The Phili roll was warm including the cream cheese.  The only good thing was the bartender.  I might go back to try the tepen grill but won't be getting sushi from here again.
5	This place is great. I always go here for lunch, and they have great lunch specials. The staff is friendly and food is a great value. Next time you think about going to some chain for sushi, scratch that idea, and go to his local joint instead.
3	I'm torn just like Natalie Imbruglia.I like attending Sakana's.  I think their rolls are good and they do have exotic ingredients sometimes.  I always got to order the fried shrimp heads and of course my octopus with some lemon zest is a plus.  I can't rate this place an "out of this world" experience, but if you need your sushi fix I would recommend this place.  Overall the sushi is good, but the rolls could be tighter.   I think their drinks and appetizer combination special is a great idea and I totally dig it; buy a drink and get an appetizer for $1 -- Cool!  Ambience is chill and a night bar feel.  Decors are erratic and I don't know what to say about them. Service is good and the birthday song in Japanese is always a delight and welcomed.  I want to hold the lucky cat! - Enjoy!
4	Great Food, Great price, Great Atmosphere... Had a Large kirin, with 99c appetizer mushrooms.. best fried mushrooms i have had in a long long time.. California Rolls and Alaska Rolls also on this trip.. Very good, and FRESH...Wife - Teriyaki Chicken,, very good even though all places only sell breast meat on chicken entrees... Portion size was huge comparative to the lunch pricing..I had the Calamari Jalapeno salad,, lots of Calamari, seriously was more Calamari than salad,, the dressing is unique and matches very well to the dish.Iced Tea was definitely not china mist or nestle, or lipton,   very good also.2 appetizers with beer, and 2 full entree's for about 30 bucks out the door.. simply great.... Will definitely be back,, oftenThanks!!
4	Always pleased.  Good portions of fish in rolls.  Unlike RA!
4	Lively atmosphere, busy place for a Tuesday night.  We enjoyed everything...gyoza, veg roll, fried tofu salad, tempura shrimp and teriyaki chicken.  The complimentary 1/2 orange for each of us for dessert was a nice touch.  Lots of folks enjoying sushi, looked good.  Would go back.  Service was just a little slow.
4	Found a new lunch spot oh yea! Went with some coworkers on a Friday at high noon, guess what yall the place was packed, but we waited about 5 mins and then got seated. Right when you walk in you can see on the counter what the lunch specials are, and I knew before I was seated what I wanted! I ordered the Sakana lunch special which was delish! It had rolls, jalapeno stuff crab popper things, tuna, salmon and other fish, came with soup & salad and was 10 bucks!! TEN BUCKS YALL!!! OMG it was delish! I know normally I would not be able to get all that for ten bucks!  Sushi was fresh and great tasting, service was kinda slow, but it was a very busy Friday lunch rush! I am glad to have found them and to add them to my many lunch spots stops! I will be back!
5	Sakana is the best sushi spot I've been to in the valley, granted I have not been to many, but it's my favorite yet!  They have a great atmosphere, service, and last but not least, sushi!  They always have great deals going on and have a large variety of things to choose from!  Every time I have been to Sakana there has been a group there celebrating some sort of special occasion (birthdays particularly), it seems like a great place for them too!
5	This is my new place for sushi in the Valley.  Went for lunch on Tuesday and the place was busy but service was very prompt.  We ordered 3 different sushi rolls and a salad.  The portions were so large we took plenty home.  The ingredients were fresh and very flavorful.  Had the eel, spicy crab, and Mexican caliente rolls and all of them were absolutely DELISH!!!  If you're a sushi lover, you will not be disappointed!
4	I'm no sushi connoisseur, but I know good food when I taste it! This place has sparked a passion for sushi no other place that I have ever been too. As a matter of a fact, I have been here 4 times for lunch in the past two weeks! Since I'm a bargain shopper I usually get the $10 lunch special which comes with a salad, miso soup, an assortment of nigiri, 2 stuffed jalapenos, and a California Roll. All of the lunch special is delicious you can even upgrade the regular Tuna for the Big-eye tuna for $1 more on special days. This place is so good I literally dream about eating here and I can't stop thinking about it until I go. The fish is so tender and fresh! This place is kind of small and Lunch is only served from 11am-2pm, so get there early if you want the special. One of these days I'll make it here for dinner to try the Teppanyaki, but right now I'm committed to lunch.   **This place does not have silverware on the table so if you despise chopsticks (like I do) you will have to shamefully ask for a fork or pretend like you know how to use chopsticks***
5	FRESH !!!!SPAIN BLUE FIN FRIDAY & SATURDAY .   BIG EYE TUNA MONDAY - FRIDAY all the fish is very  fresh and the portions are bigger than any other sushi bars, the teppan is allways fun with big portions and low prices .
5	My friends and I have been coming here for about a year; we have dubbed our Tuesdays "Sushi Tuesdays," and will continue to give patronage for many more years. If you are looking for great food and great service this is the place to come, its like finding an oasis in the middle of a desert. You could go to one of the many run of the mill sushi joints around town but you would be missing out on what life truly has to offer.As previous reviews have stated, there are excellent appetizer specials when you purchase a Japanese beer such as fried calamari, chicken yakitori, edemame and of course pot stickers (fried or steamed) for $1.My favorite dinner item is the big eye tuna, they cut a piece right behind the cheek or gill of the fish and call it the big eye kama. The meat is extremely tender and ample, like having a steak except incredibly nutritious. The fish is served with a sweet sauce which is delicious and when eaten with Kirin Light it creates a perfect pair, just ask for it you will not be disappointed. Rolls are excellent as well, some of my favorites would be the Cajun wild fish roll or the crunchy eel roll. The sashimi is always made fresh and promptly, the shrimp, salmon and eel are some of the tasty items I enjoy.The Bartender Wes keeps everyone quenched and always has positive energy. Management likes to interact with their guests to ensure satisfaction with all orders, which equals great customer service. Thank you Jun, Taki and April.
5	What a fantastic place! I came in around 7:30 on a Tuesday night, in a hurry to get some good grub before meeting someone at 8. I told the waitress this and she was extremely prompt the whole time. The food came out quickly as well and was great. I got the day's special - California rolls with spicy tuna on top, which they called a Boston Roll.I made sure to leave a nice tip due to the great service. I'll have to come back again some time so I can relax and enjoy the ambiance rather than rushing through.And yes, I was on time to my 8 o'clock.
5	This location is so worth the trip!The fish is the freshest I have ever had. Service was 5 stars and quite frankly the attention to detail is excellent.Great value for the dollar.
5	When this California girl wants good sushi but can't get home to the California coast, she goes to Sakana! I grew up in Monterey Bay & was often able to enjoy sushi grade seafood right off the boat courtesy of my fishing family.  Sakana has impressed me since I moved to Phoenix in 1999. They always have impressively fresh fish. I highly recommend ordering from their specials board because it is usually the freshest & best quality fish being offered. Oh, and did I mention the portion sizes are ginormous compared to higher priced, lower quality Phoenix sushi joints?  Well, they are!  Also, don't be afraid to ask what the sushi chefs recommend, they've never steered me wrong.For my 27th (again) birthday, my friends & family joined me for dinner at their teppanyaki tables. We got dinner & a show! Ramon, who takes great care of us at the sushi bar, was cooking that night and got all my guests into the action. Food was very good, but the ambiance made it excellent.Jun, a manager, was also very accomodating when I invited my vegan friend to try sushi for the first time. Eee gads you say?!? Not so, Jun was able to have a batch of rice made without the benito flake seasoning, ordered us some fantastic veggie rolls using it, and added a great veggie tempura sans animal product.My bottom line is this, if you want good quality sushi and excellent service & attention, then Sakana on Elliot is the place to go. Just leave two seats at the sushi bar open for my husband & me!!
4	I've been to Sakana's a number of times but since I found Sushi Ken about a year ago, there's usually no other place I go to for Sushi besides Sushi Ken. However, if Sushi Ken happens close for any reason, my next choice is Sakana's. They offer some good tasting sashimi. The ambiance is quite nice here as well. If you want to take a date out or want to go out for some drinks with a group of friends, this place will provide you with a nice hip atmosphere but not like Ra; where every hipster and pretentious people like to hang out because they think sushi is trendy and cool.
5	Tempura for lunch was great.  So was the sushi rolls.  The service was beyond GREAT!!   All the staff seems to working for one goal, custumer satisfaction!!
5	Ok.  We love Sakana. There is not much to say, it is perfection.Consistently good food and service!  We were able to order 5 different types of rolls, drinks (of the alcoholic nature) and it came out to just under $40! I love Sakana and it is worth waiting in line during the busy weekend evenings.
5	Great lunch specials! The best green tea ever! Love this place. Always great fast service.
5	Best sushi in Phoenix, hands down!
5	Love this place!!!! Great FRESH  sushi!
4	Like their happy hour stuff, pretty good sushi for being in Phoenix, good service, friendly people, funny sushi guys.  We had went there after being disappointed by Nobuo at the Teeter House, found out they were owned by the same company, became less of a fan after that comment.  Seems kinda dark sometimes.
5	We have been going to Sakana since around we moved to Tempe in 1995.  It has been consistent over the years; great, fresh sushi, generous portions, reasonable prices.
5	I LOVE this place. It's my birthday dinner with my fiance tonight, and sushi is my favorite. He told me that I can pick whatever place I'd like to go. I choose Sakana. I can't get enough of their stuff and that's not saying their portions are small. They aren't. They give you really nice sized sushi rolls and at an affordable price. My fiance doesn't like sushi, but they offer other types of non-fish foods like chicken and beef so he's happy too. I'm so excited to have dinner tonight! I can't wait!
5	It's is the place for sushi in Tempe and south Phoenix. It's priced fair and the fish is so fresh. This is the only place I suggest for sushi in this corner of phoenix.
4	I love this Awhatukee Sushi and Temppanyaki place. Great food and service. Fresh daily special creations and old favorites for sushi lovers. The temppanayki is reasonably priced.
5	Sakana, you tricky minx...you're going to steal me away from my other sushi spots.So many positives, I'll try to keep this short.The owner is amazing. He spent a great deal of the night explaining where the fish was sourced, when they get their fish in, the difference between quality vs quantity ect. Once I ordered Mackrel, he told me it was from Norway, asked what other kinds of fish I liked --- Then offered me two pieces of Tuna to taste (as comparison) completely GRATIS!Also, and I have no idea how this even happened...I was thinking out loud "I wonder if they have fresh wasabi?"  I see the owner walking toward me, and before I have a chance to inquire, he puts out a small bowl in front of me "Tada!" ...fresh wasabi!" HOW DID HE KNOW!?The meal continues to be amazing. The fish is super fresh (he showed me a picture on his phone of the tuna he brought in that day) and the service spectacular. These folks WILL take care of you...and make sure you leave happy.Other points of note: It was someone's birthday at the table next to me, they brought out a drum and a sang a song for her, which I thought was cute. Also, the oranges after the meal, a wonderful touch. They're cut into small segments, placed back into the orange, and served with a little toothpick to pull out each piece.The ONLY issue: The restaurant is small, and tables crammed. But again, when we sat down at a small two seater, I think I made a face because he took our menus, and said "let me put you here..." and gave us a larger spot. Very intuitive folks who care about the quality of their product, and the people eating it.Nicely done Sakana...very nicely done.
5	This sushi was surprising and amazing! There was a baked scallop roll that melted in your mouth. It was kinda messy but so worth it! Also we had the crunchy eel roll, the crunchy california roll, and the tootsie roll, which nicely complemented the meal. But that scallop roll... if you're lucky enough to live near this place please go here!
4	Sakana on elliot was busy on this friday visit.  The waitresses were all very helpful (and beautiful) and plenty of them to serve us.  We started with some green tea, and edamame.  Nice size portion on the starter (twice the size of Ra).  For sushi, we had the salmon - which is in the style of Jiro- salmon layed over the cupped sushi rice - delicicious!.  Then we moved to our sushi rolls - the rainbow roll was fantastic - salmon, tuna, shrimp, guac, all very fresh.  The california roll was excellent also.  We had the baked crab roll - which I have to say was not my favorite - supposed to be scallap and crab baked over a cali roll.  All in all, we definitely enjoyed our dinner and will return.
5	Really good lunch specials. For $10 you get a nice plate of a lot of different kinds of sushi and one roll plus green pepper poppers that are awesome. It also comes with salad and soup. It fills you up and tastes great.Convenient for me for lunch because it is near work. Sometimes you have to wait and once in awhile the staff isn't as attentive as they should be. I've waited for food and the check a few times but it's still good so I keep going back.Lunch time does get busy so if you don't work close and you are trying to make it in an hour you might be cutting it close.One of the better sushi places in town.
4	This place is nothing like the Sakana in Scottsdale. Not in a bad way by any means, but it does seem a little bit more cozy and not as stuffy. Our server was really helpful and had some great suggestions. We ended up trying the a specialty roll of the night and they were both super tasty!I don't know about you, but I'm not one to try a new sushi place without a recommendation... so consider this as me recommending Sakana to you! :)
5	We had a fun meal here!  My friends had the teppan meal and shared with me...very tasty, and fun to watch the chef - he was very entertaining!  I checked in with Yelp and received edamame at no charge.  I ordered California Roll and Salmon sushi, which was fresh and tasty.  The staff was friendly and service was excellent.  I chose it based on what I read on Yelp, and was not disappointed!
5	My daughter and I had the $10 lunch special, some salmon roe sushi, and a las Vegas roll. Great price, fast friendly service, and the sushi was good considering there is no ocean near by!
1	Ridiculous. I have had better fresher sushi from a supermarket. The place is overpriced and completely poor quality. Pretty sure they gave us canned tuna and canned crab soaked in mayo. The service is a joke. It took forever to place an order, the woman next to us had to flag down a waitress to even get a drink order and she was there longer than us. The servers checked on us once after we received our food. We literally waited more than  20 minutes to get the check and another ten to get my card back. The rolls are so oversize and we did not even get a plate to put our rolls down. I am pretty sure most of these reviews are fake or these people have never had semi-decent sushi. The rolls were just a huge mess and fell apart if you tried to move them. Each bite of sushi here was equivalent of three bites of normal sushi. I was really excited because this place had such amazing reviews. I just wasted 40+ dollars on a terrible experience. I should have just gone to a supermarket or gas station, because at least they are honest about ripping me off.
1	Service: Seated promptly in the booth section but was left along with several other patrons at different booths to find our own service after waiting over 4 minutes. Once we got the attention of a server, we placed our order for the lunch special rolls. Even though this place was very busy (~12:30pm with lots of business lunch patrons), you could watch as some servers stood around not doing anything. Rolls came out at a reasonable pace but we weren't even given a small plate to eat each piece off of and had to eat over our roll plates. We were only checked on once (not by our original server) and that was because she was resting her elbow on the booth section divider and casually asked us if everything was good. When we were done eating we waited for at least 5 minutes to see if they would bring a check, then we started making eye contact with servers hoping they would get the point but they would continue with whatever they were doing. We had to flag someone down to get our check. Unacceptable level of service from start to finish.Food: You could tell how they could offer such good deals on their lunch special rolls when they overload the rolls with rice and fake crab/mayo (I have no problem with either ingredient, but they pack the rolls with it to the point where many different rolls tasted very similar because they were so dominant with the fake crab mix). Each piece was extremely large and cumbersome to eat, often falling apart before you can find a way to fit it in your mouth. The rolls weren't even in the shape of a circle, but more like a rounded triangle. The sushi chefs were either rushed, new, or incompetent. I'm also suspicious that the spicy tuna uses canned tuna as filler along with chunks of real tuna. I'll let you decide if that's acceptable for sushi.Ambiance: It's ok. You won't pay attention to it when you're trying to get a servers attention.
5	Went here for my boyfriends birthday for sushi and tepanaki. Both were delicious. Prompt service and always had full drinks and something to eat in front of us. The rolls were tasty. The tepanaki chef was awesome. Kept us entertained and even let my boyfriend try one of his moves. The food was delicious, especially the steak and the salmon. I loved how interactive the chef was. Will definitely be going back.
4	My husband loved the salmon sashimi
5	Always consistent. I believe this is some of the best sushi I have had and the price is great. I don't go anywhere else.
5	I am almost wanting to go and un-star places I have been before, because they pale in comparison to this place.We got 4 orders of nigiri: Salmon, more salmon, tuna, and Salmon roe -- all of them were amazing. We also got a spicy tuna roll which was fresh and delicious, and eel roll which was tangy and delightful.The sushi was SO FRESH, I couldn't believe it. The nigiri was powerful in it's simplicity, and the rolls were incredibly well constructed and  beautifully presented. On top of that, the wait staff here really has their shit together -- like WHOA. Nobody missed a beat, everyone was helpful, and the sushi chef's were chopping and going through order tickets like wildfire, smiling the entire time. Some guy even bought them 4 bottles of sake for their great effort, and I know it was well deserved.Amazing service. Even better sushi.$22 dollars. AAAAAH! I will eat here every day for the rest of my life!!!
5	We decided to have dinner here with our clients who are from Canada. I had eaten here years ago and our clients enjoy this restaurant when they come to town.  I had forgotten that this is an Ahwatukee GEM! We arrived at 6 on a Wednesday night, they greet you like family at the door, and we were able to take 4 seats at the sushi bar. We are all sashimi fans and this place is reasonable with fresh fish! We will definitely be back soon, we all thoroughly enjoyed the experience! "Ramon" behind the sushi bar was extremely efficient and friendly!
5	I have been coming to this particular Sakana's for about Four years now. Every experience has been amazing. The only change has been the ever progressively evolving crowd of patrons. The servers are amazing, even when they had to go through the small hiring spree about a year ago. They are helpful, and always gracious.Ramon, one of the Sushi chefs, is awesome. He knows his stuff! He is always happy to chat with patrons, and share a cheer or two with a glass of beer.The ambiance changes every day.Friday's are usually the busiest, with mostly families and birthday go-ers. Saturday's are more or less like the previous, and Sundays are amazing with their customer appreciation specials!Every time I have gone, they have always have had New Rolls, Specials, and different types of Sushi to try.Their Rolls are absolutely delicious, and quite large.For the prices, this place is worth it.I am quite smitten with Salmon in particular, as well as Eel, so I usually order their Alaska Roll, and Unagi. Quail eggs are adventurous, and I am excited that they have added Tokyo Style Ramen to their menu! You have to try this- It was ridiculously delicious and satisfying- not to mention their Lobster Miso as well.This place is my Sushi Spot. I have taken numerous friends and family here, albeit some who don't partake in Raw Fish, or seafood in general (they offer teppanyaki, and non-fish items as well!).I don't care what anyone has to say- I have been to other numerous Sushi places, and this place still sits number one on my list.
5	After many years of searching(with no luck), I was searching for a nice place to take my wife for a date when i came across Sakana. The site where it was listed offered no reviews or information besides a few pictures and location. I decided, being the risk taker that I am, to give it a whirl. We arrived at a little hole-in-the-wall place tucked into a small strip mall. Outside we found a packed parking lot and a line at the door... on a tuesday.  Sakana was just opening for dinner service and despite the tuesday dinner rush(still makes me chuckle) we were seated swiftly and with choice as to where we sat. Once nestled comfortably at the sushi bar we were greeted by Ramon, not my idea of a sushi chef, but boy was i wrong.   Itamae doesnt quite describe the skill level Ramon was on, he was masterful, and strangely I was not put off by him at all when he engaged me in conversation(I am not a public people person). Ramon you are great at what you do!  Now we are at the most important part of the journey, the food, which was delicious. We ordered sever different types of sushi: Eel, Blue Fin, Egg and Octopus. Lets start with the bad first, Octopus... I personally hate it, always chewy, tough and so citrusy i cant bear it. So thats the bad, now for the good. Blue Fin melted in your mouth with the consistency of firm butter and was excellent. The Egg was great aswell, sweet with a back end of head dizzying sake(not over bearing but noticable if you dont drink.)  Now for my favorite part of the meal, Eel, saying that I am an eel lover is an understatment, I dream of good eel, all I can say is that I was impressed and thats the highest compliment I could ever give to eel because I've never had bad eel. Also had a crunchy eel roll that was superb.  My wife ordered Calimari and Ramen both of which were delicous aswell, the sauce for the calimari was my favorite part of the plate. As for the ramen, if you want good authentic ramen with a smell that will cause people to come up to you and ask you what that is that you ordered, look no further.  All that for under $40 WHAT?! ive paid over a hundred for far worse!  After years of searching I have finally found my sushi destination. Thank you Ramon for the many wonderful times you have provided us with we will be back soon!P.S. I have never left that place with out atleast one thing gratis(fish ribs were great but im too lazy to eat them...)
5	Just ate here with some friends to catch up and had an AMAZING time!!! We did overtake the bar but Hiro our bartender and sever extraordinaire was more than happy to help us out!!!  He definitely is always on his A-game and it was very much appreciated.  The sushi was pretty good and fairly priced along with the sake and other drinks.  The overall feel for a sushi restaurant was laid back and casual which was spectacular and finding the restaurant is pretty straight forward.  I will be back for more fo sho!
3	6/30/11Took visiting family and Mom to lunch (Mom and sister's choice).  Ordered a lunch combo of nigiri and sushi (this came with soup and salad, as well) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sakana-sushi-and-grill-phoenix?select=nIsYuomKUtkrNr8vmBFeuQ#nIsYuomKUtkrNr8vmBFeuQ, chicken cutlet app http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sakana-sushi-and-grill-phoenix?select=N7xj81S16w8rHVyIJNtVAg, veggie tempura http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sakana-sushi-and-grill-phoenix?select=vRZl2Szfl5D0Np7L0GWiGg#vRZl2Szfl5D0Np7L0GWiGg, and soft shell crab roll http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sakana-sushi-and-grill-phoenix?select=RUv26rn7h0xSBDb90juw3w#RUv26rn7h0xSBDb90juw3w for everyone to share.  Extra miso soup and salads were ordered.  We enjoyed the crab roll and veggie tempura a lot, but the star was the chicken cutlet!  It was meant to be a complementing side dish for niece and nephew, who had ordered chicken teriyaki dishes for themselves, while the adults were going to have sushi, and yet, here we all were enjoyiing the cutlet.  Who knew?
3	I randomly get the worst sushi cravings known to man, so I found Sakana on Yelp and decided to check it out. We got there for happy hour, and obviously that means it's going to be busy, I get it. We walk up to the hostess and let her know there will be 2 of us. She responds, "It's going to be at least 30 minutes until there's going to be a table, so..." This is normally where said hostess would put your name on the list and tell you to have a seat, but this girl just blankly stared at us like they didn't use the crazy advanced technology known as a waiting list, which requires crazy things like a computer, or even paper and a pen. We awkwardly looked at each other for a few seconds, until I finally said, "That's fine...can you put my name on the list?" She actually responded, "Oh, you want to wait?", as if no one in their life ever waits for a meal at a restaurant. ...Darling, what is the purpose of the chairs in that little area in the front of the restaurant if not for waiting? I've never had a strong urge to eat my dinner there while people waltz in and out from dinner. She then asked us if we wanted to sit down immediately at a "shared table", which I thought might be something similar to the tables at Benihana - but no, it was literally a table we would have to share with two people already sitting having their dinner. Nothing says romantic date like 2 randos coming over with the hostess and sitting down to eat dinner with ya! We declined and waited however long it took, then went back to our own table. The food was pretty good - not the best sushi I've had, but certainly not the worst, a little overpriced even with happy hour and most of my review was just based off of how completely inept the hostess was, but I won't punish the food. :)
2	I've been travelling to Phoenix for work and I've been looking for some good sushi and thought I found it here. The first time I came here the fish was fresh and the portions large and prices good.  Friendly staff, nice atmosphere.  What's not to like.  You know what?  i'm coming back.  That's right.  Probably the very same week.  Well... that was a mistake.  I sat at the same bar.  Ordered the same food.  The sushi chef was different though. Every piece of Nigiri I ate made me tear up.  I'm not always a complainer (vocally) so I didn't say anything and just assumed the chef was new and learning the ropes.  Well, the next day my stomach told me otherwise. I now realize the chef was hiding bad fish with massive amounts of wasabi. I never went back, nor will I.  Also, I eat a ton of sushi.  I'm surprised I don't have mercury poisoning.  I say that to point out that my stomach never gets upset from even decent sushi. The second star is because it's a game of russian roulette here.  You might get lucky.  If you'd rather not play the game, go to Sushi Ken.  I've eaten at about 15 sushi joints around here.  That's the go-to spot.
5	I come here at least 2-3 times a week for my spicy tuna fix. Love it! They know me already so I don't even have to ask them to make it extra spicy. Miso soup is delicious, the curry chicken is cooked to perfection and they have 99 cents beer, why is there not to love? Also if you survive their spicy sushi challenge you get your dinner for free and bragging rights.
2	Below average. So many other places to go. Don't waste your monry
2	This was a very disappointing experience. The sushi was falling apart and out of the 3 rolls, 1 was at least average. The miso soup had no tofu and the spring rolls had nothing of substance inside. Not sure if the good reviews here are for the tepanyaki but the sushi was awful. I am giving 2 stars just because it was really cheap. But the sushi was really a 1-star meal.
4	Crazy busy place with lots of "regulars". It seemed like everyone was friends with the waitstaff. In fact, one of the waitresses was doing shots with a customer. Anyway, now to the food. I sat at the sushi bar since I was by myself. I had my usual which consists of Hamachi, Tuna and Unagi nigiri and a roll. The nigiri selection was fresh and tasty. The roll was a little disappointing. I can't rememer what it was called but although it was disappointing I still enjoyed my dinner and would definately return.
5	Fresh fish, big portions and fair prices.
5	My friends were craving sushi and decided to drop by.  Checked in on Yelp and got a free edamame dish.  I ordered the white plum white, but they only had enough to fill a little passed halfway, so they sold it to me half price; it tasted good.  Then I ordered Kirin beer (~$6 each).  You can get the sake bomb for a cheaper price too if you get it w/ the beer.  I didn't; my cousin did.  For each beer bought, we could buy an appetizer dish from the options listed.  We got the calamari, the dish w/ jalapeno and zucchini and batter I think I forgot the name, the spicy tuna roll, and shrimp tempura roll.  All of these were good.  Most of these were split among 3 people; we got full fast and walked out of there buzzed.
2	It pains me to write this review.  I've been going to Sakana since grad school in 2007, when we'd hit up the 59th Ave. location regularly.  When I moved, I was happy to find this location was close to the house and it became my 'take-out' sushi joint.  Probably went there 20 times in the past year - mostly with called in orders, but often dragging the (non-sushi-eating) boyfriend along for a dine in.  Rolls are big and stuffed with fish, esp. for the price, and the quality is pretty good.So what happened? 2 terrible experiences in a row.  In May, I had a hankerin' for take-out, called in my order, and got the usual "It'll be ready in 30 minutes."  Perfect.  Enough time to drive over, stop at the Safeway and get some beer before picking up the delicious yumminess.  Did that, got the sushi, paid and was halfway home when it occurred to me that there were fewer boxes than usual.  Pulled over, did a check and... sure enough, they forgot my nigiri.  Darn.Called them up, told them what happened, and headed over to pick up my food.  (I had been charged for it, I was going to get it.)  Head to the hostess, tell her who I am, "Oh, ok.  We'll put that order in for you." Uh? You didn't already? "You're going to expedite it, right?" "Oh, of course."So I wait.  And wait.  And wait.  How long does it take to make up 8 rice balls, wasabi them and plop pre-cut fish?! Talk to the hostess... it is coming? My other sushi IS sitting in the car.  "I'll go check."  Ok... so I wait some more.  I've been irritated for a while now, but apparently it is becoming visible.  It has been 30(!!) minutes since my "expedited" order was put in (70 minutes since my original order was phoned in).  The manager sees this and comes over, asking what is wrong.  I tell him.  To his credit, he gets the order handled and gives me a $10 coupon to come back.  Still annoyed, but mollified, I head out.Fast forward to last night.  I have my coupon and a hankerin' for sushi, so wrassle up the boy and head back to give Sakana another chance.  I put our name on the list (30 minute wait) and, because it is crowded & noisy, head outside to wait.  There are several other folks out there and, periodically, the hostess comes out calling names.  Once. Twice.  Three times.  She comes out, calling names.  After a while, someone comes out and lights up a cigarette within smelling range (ew!!!), so the boy and I head inside to wait.  Names are called.  New people come in and get their names on the list.  More people are seated.  It can't be long now! Then the hostess goes out and fetches some of the new people, happily taking them to a table.  WTF?! The boy goes and looks at the list.  We've been crossed off.  WTFF?! Our name hadn't been called - we were in earshot the entire time; why was it crossed off? Forget this - I guess they don't want us to eat here.  So we got up and went across town to my true favorite sushi place.  (If it weren't such a long drive to Scottsdale, we'd always go there.)  Which worked out much better, since the staff recognize us, the fish is better, there is more non-sushi variety for the boy, and it is much less noisy and crowded.I'll be back to Sakana one more time.  I still have that coupon after all and $10 of sushi is $10 of sushi.  But now I'm on the prowl for a new sushi place close by to become my new "take out" place.  It's too bad... I DO like them a lot, but to receive execrable service two times in a row is unacceptable.
5	I really like this place. Their happy hour is awesome, with complimentary miso soups. Who would have thought it would be possible to order 3 rolls, mixed tempura, miso soups and 3 drinks for under $30?? AND pretty good sushi! I definitely recommend.
2	I go here for the lunch and get the lunch special. It's good most of the time but real watery. I ate some bad sushi and regretted it. I probably won't come here again.
3	I'd give Sakana a 3.5 if I could...The food was a 4, but the service was a 3.  They were busy and our server seemed new.As always we looked on Yelp for somewhere to eat when we found ourselves on the road, away from our house, and looking for something great to eat. We had the fried tofu (really good if you like tofu, Miso soup (hard to mess that up), edamame (free thanks to our Yelp check-in!), and an assortment of sushi that was really good.  We will definately give Sakana another try if we end up in their part of town again.
5	I've had a lot of sushi from a lot of places, as many others have. The difference between me and some of those people is that I've had the pleasure of visiting Sakana. In fact, after my first visit I was hooked, and have had the pleasure of visiting countless times. I'll keep it very simple and provide you the order to end all orders. Why is Sakana better than any other affordable sushi option? Quantity, quality, price...amazing service is the cherry on top. Instead of being subjective I'll focus on a more objective view. Here's what I order EVERY time with my girlfriend:Drinks $14: Large Kirin and sake x2 Appetizers $2 ($1 each with Kirin purchase!):Jalaccini (fried zucchini and jalapeno)Fried mushrooms (best you'll ever have)Both come with "miso mayo" the greatest sauce I've ever tasted!Sushi $7.65:Spicy tuna roll (the biggest roll you will find, bar none. I kid you. not, these things are stuffed full of tuna)Mexican Caliente roll (jalapeno goodness, just as gigantic as the spicy tuna!)Grand total for 2 sake bombs, 2 apps, and 2 giant rolls: $23.65 + $5 tipThis is the best of the best, and for a price that can't be beat. Oh and here's a bonus: they have gluten free soy sauce! Other tips: ask for the happy hour cocktail menu, they don't have it out, but most of the drinks are incredible and affordable.
2	I don't understand the good reviews for this place.I gave this place two tries.  Went with my boyfriend for lunch and it was okay for the price, not great.. but decent.We thought dinner would be better, a lot of sushi places don't exactly shine for lunch.  We judge a place based on the nigiri.  It just wasn't that... great... it wasn't that fresh, wasn't that flavorful.. just not up to par at all.  We took people there for a business meeting and the people that are just used to tempura and California rolls seemed happy.  Basically.. cheap rolls and tempura.. okay for lunch.If you are a sushi snob, find somewhere that showcases the fish more. Oh! And this place plays 90's pop music loudly.  Weird.
5	Ramon was amazing!  We needed a gluten free dinner and Ramon personally assisted us with options, cooked and served our meals.  He was friendly, knowledgable and very gracious.  The food was outstanding, atmosphere was casual and comfortable. It was obvious that many diners were regulars and staff knew them by name and preferences.  We will definitely return and will recommend this restaurant.
3	It's always a good sign when you arrive at a restaurant 5 minutes before it opens and there's already customers tugging at the door trying to get in.If you purchase a large Kirin beer, you can add an appetizer for $1. We tried the calamari tempura, which was pretty good. I liked the light tempura batter, and the fry on the calamari and accompanying jalapenos was good. We also had the edamame, which were a little undergone to me. Still, everything was such a great price that you can't complain too much.The Sakana lunch special is a really good value - big plate of sushi and rolls for $10. A friend and I split this, along with 2 additional rolls. The fish portions were good, and I thought the rolls were very fair for the price. Alaska roll was nice, as was the Mexican caliente roll.Portions were generous, so we weren't able to finish everything even after indulging ourselves into a food coma. For the lunch prices, I think Sakana was good. I'm not sure if I would stop in for dinner, but if I'm in the area again for lunch, I might stop in.
3	Came back for lunch and sushi was very fishy. Prices are still good and happy to get free soup. They should also tweak their salad dressing because it's very pungent and not in a good way.
5	The sushi here is a little expensive, but it is worth getting. The staff are very friendly and the environment is nice. This is the only sakana location that does teppan. My family and I go here at least once a wee. Probably one of the best sushi places I've ever been too!
5	Still the best sushi, this side of the Pecos (river, not road).This is my go to sushi place, each time I ride into town.  Sometimes I'll eat here several times before hitting the road again.One thing I noticed this time around, was that many of their "happy hour" sushi specials, seem to all be a variation of a California roll.  Hmmm?  As good as this place is, I don't see the need for such creative increased profit margin tactics.Oh well, I just won't order those items on my next visit, which won't be soon enough.
2	Terrible hostess, doesn't have communication with guests, isn't respectful or friendly and ignore customers
5	This is my weekly go to for Sushi, Ramone always takes excellent care of me an my girlfriend. They generally buy whole fish, so we all benefit. i.e. higher quality fish for a lower price and my personal favorite Salmon ribs. It's not on the menu but they generally have them. They also offer gluten free options for the unfortunate ones.I cannot say enough good things about this place after searching nearly 5 years to find a good sushi spot in the Valley that doesn't break the bank.
4	I came here with my husband on a Friday night. We were seated within 5 minutes, which was nice. We started with the super mussels- AMAZING!We were also big fans of the crazy roller coaster roll, the sashimi was fresh and cut thick- which was a nice change from the usual thin slices restaurants usually serve. The only part of our meal we weren't crazy about was the samurai roll- the breading was too thick and overall kinda bland and yucky. We will definitely come again. The service was friendly and attentive, and the prices are reasonable for the portions.
1	I'm a big sushi fan and not incredibly picky, but this experience was very odd. The Yelp reviews were good so we went. They were busy when we got there so we waited a bit which wasn't terrible but consistently the service was slow and another waitress had to basically take over our table. Worst of all, the sushi was bizarre. I ordered an Alaskan roll and spicy tuna and the Alaskan came out as a gigantic roll with piles of salmon and mayo-filled fake crab salad and no avocado. I appreciate the value I guess? but having the huge roll with that in it was inedible and I have never not finished a sushi roll. The spicy tuna had tons of mayo-y spicy tuna and then more fake crab mush. Our tofu tempura appetizer came out after the entrees. The music was also strange- loud 90s music. The hibachi chef clanging in the corner with a gaggle of women yelling 'woohoo!' didn't add to the experience. Not sure we'll be back.
5	The service was efficient & the staff was friendly, attentive, & knowledgeable on the ingredients. The atmosphere was comfortable. The food itself was fresh, tender, & melts in your mouth, but the sauce for the eel was a little stronger than normal.  They have a cool Japanese style way to celebrate birthdays!
3	Not bad, but not great. Had a four star rating so we decided to stop by here on our way back home to LA. Unfortunately, we were a bit disappointing.. All the smaller rolls were pretty much some variation of a California roll, which were okay but had no differentiating flavors. The boyfriend got the sashimi lunch special which was a good price but tasted pretty average. The last dish we ordered was the baked scallop roll which took foorrever to come out. I wish I could say it was worth the wait but again not much flavor. I recommend they give  a warning on the wait time for that dish.The only upside was that the waitress and sushi chef were very nice and attentive.
5	Fresh and delicious sushi. Can't wait until next time. The staff is also very friendly such a great bonus.
5	Amazing as always! I been going here for years and I love it. I had a friend that worked there and told me the fish is flown in daily. Not surprised as it always tastes fresh and mouth watering. I suggest ordering one of the sashimi bowls and this amazing roll wrapped in cucumber (forgot name).  The best thing about this place is the delicious food at a great price.  I have been to a lot of places in the surrounding areas and I ALWAYS go back to Sakana.  Also they have a ton of daily specials and wait for it............. HALF SHELL OYSTERS!! Yummy! Ok now I'm hungry!
2	Went because of Valentine's Day. Won't go again. The food was ok enough but the staff was horrible. She forgot to place an order for us three different times and we kept having to ask someone else for help. Then to find out after an hour and a half of trying to get our food correct that if we wanted an extra soda there were no refills, you had to pay again. Food was ok, but not worth everything else involved.
5	Some of the freshest sushi we've had in AZ. We've been here several time with the kids and they are consistently impressing us. Not easy to do when you're used to the sushi in SF and Seattle. Highly recommended.
4	"Japanese" food Arizona style. I had low expectations walking here. 80's music blaring, menu full of rolls never even imagined in Japan, Korean sushi chef drinking beer behind the sushi bar, weird seating arrangements, waiter forgetting an order....BUT the miso soup, gyoza, hamachi and grilled Saba were pretty tasty. If you want the real deal, go to Shimogamo.
4	The fish is good and the service is friendly.  I suggest ordering rather light here because the typical roll is pretty big.  After moving out of the neighborhood 10 years ago, I almost completely forgot about this place.  Stopped in the other night and what a treat - three rolls for $22 - and we were stuffed!
5	Great sushi. Good atmosphere. A little dark (in the evenings) for my tastes but I definitely recommend it.
3	This sushi restaurant has fresh fish and is the best I've found for a reasonable price in the valley (This coming from an east coast foodie who LOVES sushi.) However, the service is bad more often than it is good and NEVER go here in a hurry. I've never made it out of there in less than an hour. Once I went in there and asked for an itemized check, it took them 25 minutes to bring the check back AND it still wasnt itemized. In fact, I still don't know what it was. I love their sushi but its about time for me to find a new sushi restaurant after how many times I've had waitresses be rude and even ignore me. Their redeeming quality that kept me coming back so long was their happy hour prices Sunday-Thursday. Its a lot of sushi for a small cost. So if you have plenty of time and don't mind a bad waiter or two check it out!
2	I wanted to like this place, at first. I had high hopes, mostly because the reviews were good. However, in a nutshell, service is shoddy.I was in a group of four in total - my boyfriend, myself, and his two roommates. We arrived at a particularly busy time (7:30 PM on Sunday Night, which doesn't sound like a busy time). There was a bit of a wait as they cleaned up a booth for us - however they left some things on the floor, a napkin and some crumbs on the seat - so it wasn't really as clean as I would have liked. That's just me being critical though.Anyway, on to the actual food and service.The menu was strange, and was pretty barren. There were only two ramen options, two udon options, and four miso soup options. Entrees were mostly tempura too. There wasn't a lot to choose from if you didn't want an appetizer or sushi. I ordered a bowl of miso, a cucumber roll, an avocado roll, and a rainbow roll. My boyfriend ordered the chicken teriyaki. One roommate ordered the udon, while the other ordered the ramen.My miso came out first, and fairly speedily. It was absolutely delicious, although I was disappointed there wasn't any tofu - however that's silly of me considering I didn't order the tofu miso. It was delicious regardless. I loved it.Then was the waiting. The udon came out second, after around 15 or 20 minutes. Then came the chicken teriyaki, which was another 5 or so minutes - the udon was already half gone at that point.Then, ten minutes later, came the ramen. The udon was nearly gone. The chicken teriyaki would have been too, but my boyfriend was eating slowly and very little as a sort of respect thing for me, since I had been waiting for my sushi for what seemed like forever.Finally, after what felt like forever, my cucumber and avocado rolls came out. I will admit that they were to die for, although a little tiny bit salty. I don't mind saltiness though! I ate most of those before my rainbow roll came out. The rainbow roll wasn't actually that great - the crab mix inside tasted too sweet, and they used way too much.The rolls themselves were fairly big and hefty, and I got full from the cucumber and avocado, and half the rainbow roll. I was really pleased with the first two, but that rainbow roll was a little "bleh." I was actually really surprised at how the avocado tasted - it was firm, creamy, cool and very, very yummy.Throughout the night, there was in total of 4 waitresses waiting on us. It was very busy, which I completely understand, but I would have expected food to come out together rather than all separate. I had also heard complaints from my group on how dim the lighting was. "We aren't vampires" was a good comment.All in all, the food itself was very good (aside from that crab salad filling, but it might be good for other people), but the service was spotty and spread out, and it was noisy, busy, dim and not as clean as I would have liked. Me and my boyfriend's check came out to be around $40, which sounds a little steep to me, but drinks weren't included.I don't recommend this place, and I don't plan on going back, but I do commend them for their cucumber rolls.
4	Sakana is the best sushi place I have been ever, awesome specials displayed when you walk in the door, great teppanyaki if thats your thing as well.  Get there early as there is always a line!!
4	So their tagline is Friendly Staff. Generous Portions. Quality Food and I think they really did a good job of that. Staff - everyone seemed to enjoy their jobs from wait staff to the chefs to even the owner. We sat at the sushi bar and they toasted us any any new arrivers up as a welcome to the bar acknowledgement. Service - I redeemed my check-in offer with a smile...had enough attention and plates were cleared away quickly to ensure we had room for more goodness coming out.Quality Food - The rolls were unique and plentiful. Someone mentioned order light and work your way up to new rolls and that is so true. And the prices to quality and portions is surreal. I would only get half of that for more in Chicago. We had the Smokey Bear (Shrimp Tempura, Smoked Salmon, Habanero Sauce) and the Crazy Roller Coaster Roll (Tuna, Yellow Tail, and some other goodness). You didn't feel heavy after eating them. You can pass on the edamame.. it seem undercooked and packed with table salt.Lastly and most importantly, don't judge this place by the cover. It's probably more on the divey side of things or just random placements, but the food doesn't disappoint.
4	Pretty solid sushi place. Sashimi was delish, and they give huge portions. For the more specialty rolls they were able to make imitation crab taste amazing which is pretty difficult to do. Ginger was very fresh and you could taste the difference. As for presentation and cut, my tuna roll was very unevenly shaped and looked like a dog chewed through it which was surprising because the other dishes looked great. One of the specialty tempura rolls was HUGE on both ends like 1.75x of a regular piece so it came apart when I picked it up (and i was careful) but falling apart sushi is one of my pet peeves so that did not sit well with me. Price cannot be beat!Overall though a great experience. Free miso soup when you sit down too.
5	I have to say this was some really fresh sushi and it was full of flavor. Service was excellent. Also the price was very reasonable for the size of the rolls. Will return again on our next visit to AZ.
4	Cold.  Diggity.  Damn.Who knew such a quality sushi place could be found in Phoenix of all places?After seeing/passing by this place a few times and getting the nod of approval from a trusted pal, I finally decided a few weeks ago to try it out!-Quality: Check-Taste: Check-Presentation: Check-Reasonable price/value: Check-Portions: CHECKYou can get 5 pieces of sashimi (tuna tataki tasted great but as far as I'm concerned - Salmon takes the gold!) or a roll (soft  shell crab roll, DO IT) for about $8.50 - $10, pretty typical - BUT, they also have a Sashimi Deluxe lunch special for $12.45.  And it comes with TWELVE PIECES OF SASHIMI!  YAYYYYYYYYIf, for some strange reason you're not a fan of sushi (what's wrong with you) the Chicken Matsuri (also available during lunch) is DELECTABLE.  It's basically an upgraded version of chicken katsu - how, you ask?  Well they glaze the crap out of it in this semi-spicy semi-sweet sauce chock full of a healthy dose of AWESOME.Grade: Sashi-Mi, Sashi-You, Sashidayyy
3	Didn't quite live up to the expectations. I was told it was the best sushi in the valley, but the fish wasn't quite the right temperature, and the rice didn't have that subtle sweetness I look for. The specialty rolls are more "American-ized" with lots of fried things and heavy mayo sauces.The staff was extremely friendly and I enjoyed my experience there but wasn't wowed by the dishes.
4	Sushi was fantastic, however the decor inside needs refurbishment. The floors need redone. That booth style seat mixed with tables and chairs needs to go. Place is tacky in areas, but the food and service are fantastic. If the decor was better it would be a perfect date place.
4	One of the best all round sushi places.Great tasting special rolls (salmon dynamite is really good and different). Sushi pieces are nice as well and are what you would expect from a sushi joint.Way bigger portions and quality than other sushi places so the value and flavor are hard to beat.Place is decent inside, dark and kinda getting old but not dirty.
3	Their all day sushi happy hour is a smokin deal! It's not just little rolls with little flavor to them either. They have spice and everything nice on their happy hour. I usually get the Mexican roll and one of the dynamite rolls (both good). They are not stingy with their meat, you will leave feeling full yet wanting more! Is give four stars, but the atmosphere isn't the greatest. It's a place to go for fun and great deals...not to impress.
1	Extremely poor service. Couldn't comment on the food as I left after being asked to move into a small space between two parties at the bar.
5	I have eaten here frequently and have always been impressed by their stellar service and excellent food. Their Itame are some of the best I have dealt with. I love asking the chef to surprise me and watch the masters go to work. I highly recommend the lunch Bento boxes. They come with an assortment of different rolls and a smattering nigiri. The price is always pretty reasonable, $10-12 plus a drink and soup.I highly recommend this place!
4	Yummy and great!   Awesome rolls.   The Salmon Bomber is probably one of the best rolls I have ever had, at any sushi joint, but watch out, it's spicy!
1	We used to love this place. Unfortunately tonight, we had the absolute worst service ever. We will not be returning.
5	This is officially my favorite sushi place when I want quality and large portion sizes for Nigiri.I love this place: full bar, teppanyaki, and my favorite sushi that will not be named for fear that they will run out of it. The rolls are pretty awesome too.  I am a Las Vegas obsessor and it was not my favorite (too much roll, not enough cream cheese), neither was the Smokey Bear (delicate flavors, but I wasn't in the mood for that).The Blood Orange Roll was heaven (and unlike anything I've ever had).  Then there was something with the Habanero sauce that I DID NOT like, but my boyfriend loved.  The Habanero sauce is all the heat and not a lot of flavor, but I'm less interested in super spicy.  I now know to not order stuff with Habanero sauce.I gave it 5 stars because nothing was BAD, but was just did not fit my flavor needs. Everything was super fresh and awesome in terms of portions.
5	I come here for the Teppan-cook tables! It's always delicious! This place is packed on the weekends! Sometimes the wait will be a little crazy. Good food & Service is great.
4	Some co-workers brought me here for lunch and I enjoyed it very much. The service was good and the food was even better!They have a variety of hot lunch specials in addition to a wide variety of sushi and rolls.I tried a few different tempura roles and loved them.
3	Portion size was a 5, pricing was a 5. They have a special menu which I got great deals on spicy tuna roll, philly roll, tempura roll. Even the roll from regular menu was priced right too. I gave a 3 because I thought the fish on top of my rainbow roll was too thick cut. It shouldn't be super thin but it's a thick cut. There's a great habanero spicy sauce but they need to use it as accent. It was drowning the roll. So I can't really say if the sushi tasted fresh or not...maybe it was previously frozen. The place has potential...good lunch crowd.
5	I love the nigiri, and my family loves this place and we have been coming here for almost 12 years now. We have never been disappointed.
3	Giant Hand Rolls Stuffed With Fish!  This is not the highest quality sushi, but it is a bargain for the size of the rolls they are serving up.  Were talking a snow-cone full of fish.  2 hand rolls is enough to fill me up for lunch.
2	I've been to this place many of times. The atmosphere is old and run down, the service is slow, coming from a server myself, and it takes forever for them to run credit cards. I have been over charged multiple times! The food though it always good! Save your money on alcohol though they can't makes drinks at all here. Stick to the beer.
5	The sushi here is so fresh you'll swear they have an ocean out back!The staff is very friendly and the food is really reasonably priced. I love this place so much, but was hesitant to write a review because I want to keep it to myself ;)Sakana is by far the best sushi I've had in the valley!
5	I've always had great food and good service here. Sushi bar, table, or teppan, it's all good. Items are very fresh and all have been tempting.  Something I have noticed here is that when you sit at the bar they have never given us something to sample.  Hmmm.  Maybe it's just my fading memory.But overall, this place is my fave.
4	I go there for the sushi and not the customer service. Hosts need to learn how to greet a guest and how to formally talk to them and acknowledge them, as for servers need to be more human- they don't really care for you much other than them receiving their tip. But the sushi is AMAZING! Such great prices and good portions, yummm.
5	GOODNESS (DAILY) GRACIOUS.I did it.  I fucking did it.  Finally came here for dinner to try the teppanyaki and it did NOT disappoint.  While we were waiting for an available chef to finish up on some other tables (sometimes people are so selfish, hogging a chef all to themselves), I couldn't help but notice that one of them was quite animated while the other was kind of...uh, robotronic (?).  After pregaming with some soft shell crab rolls (UH YEAH) and salmon sashimi, I was quite in the mood for some grilled awesomeness.  Luckily, we got the animated chef as our entertainer/cook.  LET THE GOOD TIMES ROLL!I don't want to spoil the experience for anyone who has not yet been here, but I felt the inner child in me exploding in awe-inspiring wonder and hunger as the chef went through the motions of throwing eggs in the air, skillfully chopping veggies, making DELICIOUS fried rice, and finally the greatest moment ever - frying up the rib eye steak I ordered.  I wanted mine rare and that's exactly how I got it served!  Excellent food and an even more wonderful show to boot.I'm 100% sure that my buddy and I were at least 8000x more excited about the dinner experience than the lame-ass* kids sitting across from us.  They didn't even take the swig of sake after getting the broccoli tossed in their mouths!  Psh, amateurs.*Here I'm using lame in place of "un fun" as opposed to "unable to use their legs" (like FDR Jr!  Okay I'm done).When I factor in the quality of food, the value of what I paid for, and of course the excellent show on top of it all (not to mention that I'm in Phoenix), this is an easy A to give out, even if it's not to Emma Stone (ooooo I want to have a taste of her teppanyaki, wassuuuup).
5	Great service, amazing food.  The baked scallops were delicious.  The spicy tuna and salmon were creamy and had just the right amount of heat.
5	Whoa, get here at opening (the line is immediately long)! Best quality of fish that I've had out here. A bit pricey but completely worth every penny.I enjoy their specials. I've had the opportunity to try so many different varieties of fish (example: albacore from several different regions around the world). I even enjoyed their monk-fish liver, which is something I'm not usually into. My boyfriend loves the fish eggs and uni!
3	I'm from New England and Hibachi is way cooler there. The food is better. the act is better ...and funnier. Our guy was so boring! (he was nice though and seemed new) As were the other hibachi chefs in the room. The cut of steak (rib eye) was really fatty. fried rice was awesome, but c'mon...I can easily make that at home. not too impressed. first hibachi place I've ever been to in Phoenix and first time I've truly missed New England.
2	Came to Sakana in Ahwatukee tonight because we were in the area and I had a great experience at the Scottsdale location. I regret that decision.The music was very loud for dining, the galley style dining area in which we were seated was sort of cramped and was the only access to the bathroom so my shoulders were rubbed by people's behinds three times as they passed. The waitstaff started to clean the dining room and flip the chairs as we ate, although there were at least 4 other occupied tables in the restaurant and they did not close until 10:30 (we paid our bill and left at 10:40).This brings us to the food; I was extremely disappointed in the sushi quality. We ordered whitetail and unagi to start and the unagi was unusually fishy in flavor and was over cooked. The cut of the whitetail was generous, but not the knife skill I am used to. It was not trimmed on the thin side of the filet and wasn't a consistent thickness all the way through. About this time we were delivered a mug of hot green tea, which was odd because we didn't order any, were told they were bringing us another, then about one minute later a server came by and said sorry and took it from our table. This only seemed odd because when I waited tables I would never think of taking something from a table, even after serving it to the incorrect one. We then had the Roller Coaster roll and found the spicy tuna on top to be mushy and flavorless. The best thing about the meal was the tempura calamari. It was crispy and flavorful and not greasy. I expected more based my previous experience, not sure if it was just an off night but the number of issues were off putting.
5	I have, for the most part, avoided sushi since moving here to Phoenix from Seattle for obvious reasons.  So - to compare this to a sushi joint on the coast just isn't fair.  That said, for Phoenix, this place is right up there with Ra in regards to quality and freshness.  The service is what impressed me right off the bat.  There is something to be said for a place that hires pretty and friendly girls in a location where you wouldn't necessarily expect it.  The $10 lunch special is quite a value, and when you consider the free edamame for checking in via yelp (I love those little perks) and then get a delicious beer to go with it you're spoiling yourself for lunch at this place.  The miso soup and salad that come with the lunch are equally delicious and it is safe to say that I will be back at least once a month going forward.  Bravo Sakana - you won a fan!!My plan is to go at some point for dinner to get the tepanyaki - I imagine the quality will be right there with Benihana at a fraction of the price.
1	Probably the worst sushi I've had in the Phoenix area. I wanted to enjoy it because of the great reviews, but the bland "spicy" edamame, baked scallop roll that was basically just a mess of mayo and lump crab, the salt less/vinegar less suonomo salad, and the inedible salmon bomber roll ensures that I will never come back. The best part of the meal was that my dog could eat the edamame because they were so lacking in any seasoning.
5	Sushi is a treat for me. My husband and I are very picky, and have tried this restaurant for the first time. A good indication of the quality is that it was filled with patrons within 30 minutes if opening. The staff is friendly, helpful, and responsive. The good is fresh with many interesting menu offerings, and very good.  Everyone around us was happy and comfortable, indicating that it's a local favorite. This I the first review I have written. Because we are always looking for the best of the best, I felt compelled to share this one. Enjoy!
4	The Sunday night happy hour here is amazing!  I'm not sure how long the happy hour lasts, but we came at 7 pm and got to take advantage of it.  They have about 10 rolls on their HH menu for only $4-5 each.  We thought the rolls would be really small bc the waitress told us they would only come with 5 pieces (instead of the 8 pieces from the regular menu) but they were just as big as rolls that I'm used to eating.  I ordered an appetizer and two rolls and I actually had to take one entire roll home because I was soooo full.For appetizer I got agedashi tofu.  It was different than I'm used to, because the tofu pieces were pretty small, but there were a LOT of them. I'm used to larger, but fewer, pieces of tofu.  The sauce they had it in was delicious and spot on.  But I think that they do not dip the tofu in potato starch like other places do bc the outside wasn't that slippery chewy texture, it was straight up just fried tofu.  I probably would not order this dish again.For my rolls I got spicy tuna and scallop dynamite.  The spicy tuna was what you'd except, but VERY large pieces in the roll!  I couldn't even fit a whole piece in my mouth at one time.The scallop roll was a california roll topped with a LARGE mound of krab and scallops (cooked).  It was a warm roll.  I enjoyed it, although I was expecting the scallops to be raw!  I think I would've liked it better if they had been raw, but it was still good.p.s. - if you check in on yelp you can score a free edamame appetizer!
4	Great sushi and near the apartment so very convenient.  Love the atmosphere and the service was well.  Got to do it again and try the Hibachi next time. Oh yeah!
5	The best so far that I've had in the Phoenix valley. I have not been to other locations. The portions are huge and the price, not huge!
5	When we first got seated our server was trying to catch up and was a bit frazzled, but as a server I totally understand that feeling. We told her we weren't in a hurry and she took a deep breath and thanked us for giving her a break. Her service was very prompt and knowledgeable about the food. And the food was incredible, especially for the price point! That's not a cop out for the food but I was pleased when we received our tab. We had a great time on our anniversary dinner and will definitely return
3	I stopped by here on the way to Prescott from Tucson, after I spotted it was the closest to I-10 and super easy to get to. I try to eat healthy on the road, so was happy it was a quick in and out option. I went on a Sunday, so it was nice to hit happy hour. I'm not sure of times, but we got a menu with lots of rolls at half-price. Naturally, we went for the Vegas roll, which was delicious and the Spicy Tuna.Both came out super fast and tasted very nice. The service was quick and we were basically in and out in less then 30 minutes. I was able to get the free edamame with my check-in on Yelp, which was nice! They had lots of sashami, but unfortunately, none of that was on the happy hour menu. Over all it is a nice, all be it, very darkly lit sushi restaurant to sit in, with football playing for those interested.
4	This is definitely one of the best sushi restaurant I have ever eaten at. Portions were large, the service was quick, the staff was friendly and very polite and this for a very cheap price!One of the best experiences I have known in the US. French sushi restaurants should take this one as an example of perfection.
3	Great value for the sushi you are getting but the indoor environment was not what I expected. We got stuck in a extremely small table and could barely fit everything on it.  The servers were good, but nothing special. We ordered a couple of rolls, received free edamame after my Yelp check-in and some Saki bombs to complete the meal. I will say that all the rolls we ordered were quite delicious, but got way too full too early so save room! Spicy tuna, Las Vegas and Toostie Rolls were the winners that evening.  We came here for a late dinner, and they were very forceful with us after last call for sushi. It made us feel like they were rushing out to pay the bill. I wouldn't mind coming back here to grab a couple rolls again.
5	I LOVE this place. I am a sushi enthusiast and this place is the best I have found in AZ by far. The have a lot of off menu items be sure to ask for the chirashi bowl!
3	I've been here a few times and loved their sushi. We decided to come here for my boyfriend's son 7th birthday. This was what the birthday boy wanted to do with the rest of the kids for his birthday.  They always wanted to go to a Teppan so we picked this place. We were seated right away. We had the whole Teppan table to ourselves since there were 8 of us. Our waiter, Josh, took our orders right away but once he did, he was MIA for most of the evening. We barely could get a hold of him. A friend and I had to help ourselves to getting napkins, utensils, emptying the table when we were done with our soup and salad and getting to go boxes for our leftover food. He forgot to bring my bf's Kirin so we had to hunt him down for that. But he, also, forgot to bring us our appetizers which was included in the Teppan Special. We were busy with the kids and watching Moonie, our Teppan chef that we didn't get a chance to hunt him down for our appetizers. I understand that he got busy but it is uncalled for when we barely saw him nor came to our table to make sure everything was good or if we needed anything else. He should have had the manager assist him. I had to hunt him down to get our 4th sushi roll. Our Teppan chef, on the other hand, was awesome! Moonie totally entertained the kids so that helped make our dinner somewhat special. Overall, I wasn't happy with the service but the food was good. If it wasn't for Monnie, I would have told my bf to not tip Josh but we felt it would be unfair to Moonie...good thing we gave him a little tip earlier after he cooked for us. Every adult in our table have been in that kind of industry - we've all waited tables so we know how it is when you get swamped. A good waiter should have asked for help. We were appalled with the kind of service we got. I know we weren't the only one because the table behind us were griping about Josh's service as well. He forgot to bring the rest of their sushi and they waited a long time as well.
