5	Everyone here is always very professional. Mike and Chris are great. They always have coupons on their website. They always do a great job and make you feel comfortable. You never feel like they are ripping you off and will work with pricing if you find somewhere else that does a service cheaper. This last time, they took me in for an oil change and headlight out just 15 minutes before they closed. Their water dispenser was out of water and Chris offered me a bottle of water! That's service!
1	First time here, but service is okay so far. :|I  actually had Awful customer service, my dad suggested to take my car elsewhere for new brake pads on my front side.This other shop that I went to instead was much more friendlier and they did a fantastic job too in exchanging my brakes pads!! # Oh and I just got a text message from Brake Masters today and found that to be annoying since ( A.)  I didn't take their services and (B.) I did not check off the box that agreed to accepting emails!! How rude!!!!!!!!!!! :(
5	Great customer service! You know they will always take care of you and prices are very reasonable. Extremely fast service as well!
1	I had a simple oil change today. Not happy at all! They broke the hood release handle. Then didn't inform me until after I had paid. I was right next door and they had my phone number they never bothered to contact me to show me what happened or ask me how I would like it to be fixed. Gluing was not the solution. The piece should be replaced. This upsets me... The guy taking my payment stated it was broke before and they reglued it. NO, not the case the part has never been an issue nor has it ever been broken. Also hood left dirty with oil hand prints all over it. Now I know why there was no wait. STAY AWAY!!!
5	Awesome customer service!  Usually with the coupons from repair shops there seems to always be a catch. Not Here! They honored the coupons with a smile and did not try to up sell me. I will definitely be back!
4	I have come here for basic oil changes..Friendly staff.. prices are reasonable FYI this location actually moved down a block to another location
5	I have moved to Phoenix from a small town and I was worried about finding a trustworthy place to take my car. I found it with Steve and his crew. We have taken 4 vehicles there over the past 3 years and don't go anywhere else. We have recommended them to people and they have also been very impressed with the prices, quality and friendliness you get there.  We have gone there for practically every thing and they have always seemed to help us out. We have now moved almost 30 minutes away and my husband and I still only take our cars here. They're excellent!
5	Great staff.  Very knowledgeable about their services.  The prices for my front brakes was awesome! $144 out the door and was finished in just over an hour.
