5	such a nice little place. cozy embient. spent 30 bucks for a whole foot massage spa package, well worth the money! love to come back next time in town.
5	Today I definitely got my moneys worth and more.  I had purchased a coupon from Living Social so I am always willing to give something a try at a discount.  I was expecting a pleasant foot and hand massage- but what I got was a full body massage (clothes on) that really got all the kinks out.  When you close your eyes, you would imagine you were being worked on by a fit Swede or Russian woman- and not a nice little Chinese woman, who I believe was the owner.  Sometimes you get people that are just rubbing- but this lady put her all into me having a great experience.  I will be going back with my hubby for the couples massage.  You cant beat it- even at their regular prices.  I gave her a better tip- as I hadn't gotten a rub so good from any of the many other places in town that charged 3 times the price.  I left feeling great from the top of my head to my feet.  It is a clean and pleasant place and friendly staff- although the English is spotty.  Just go and try it- you wont be disappointed!
5	Love this place, have been here 3x's already.  Very friendly and great experience every time.  They are consistent and worth every dollar. It is located in a retail center which tends to be busy during the day, so opt to come in the evening when the area is quiet. Definitely making it a monthly date :-)
5	long over due review. been here 2 times. and plan on going back a few more. the staff is AWESOME!!!!!. very very nice , massages outstanding. get the full body 90min $60 worth every penny.
5	This was my first time going to a foot spa. I usually get full body massages from the more traditional spas. But since my mom was with me during this trip to Las Vegas and she didn't want to get a full body we opted for the foot spa. To my surprise they did a full body (with our clothes on) and boy was it amazing! My mom is usually hard to please but she left there wanting to go back all the time. Though I wasn't completely sure how the atmosphere was going to be because the rooms were open at the top so you could hear sounds from everywhere... BUT after getting my massage I can say that the ambience was perfect and completely relaxing!(I enjoyed this place so much that I just had to make a yelp account just to share my satisfaction with everyone!.... Time to go write other reviews lol) I most definitely will be back!
5	My sister in law and I came here expecting just a foot massage. We said we wanted the 1 hour massage and ended up getting a 1 hour full body massage for $30. So worth it. Sally and Coco did a great job, always smiling, and knows exactly how much pressure is needed.  Will be back soon.
5	I am so glad I found this place thanks to the reviews on yelp.  I just wanted a foot massage but I got more instead!  Since I didn't schedule an appointment, I had to wait about 15 minutes to get a massage.  The receptionist told me that I could take a nap while I waited in one of their rooms.  This surprised me.  When the massage therapist arrived, she dipped my feet in a bucket of hot water and proceeded to massage my head, neck and shoulders.  It felt great.  She then did my arms and then my feet.  She even gave me a back rub.  This initially started with my top on, but when she did my back, she instructed me to take my top off so that she could rub hot stones dipped in hot water on my back.  The whole experience was amazing.  It lasted 1 hour and was inexpensive.  It was so good that I tipped more than 20%.  I am definitely going back.
5	Called ahead of time for an appointment they do except walkins. Las Vegas is number 1 in the Southwest for having so many reflexology spas and the competition fierce and affordable for the consumer. For the most part 30 bucks get you a one hour foot & body massage. Having that said let me just say this place is clean affordable and the staff here is absolutely wonderful very friendly therapist that know what they're doing... kinda like thai massage but more Chinese by working your body from head to toe! Don't let the little cute Chinese therapist fool you they are very strong when it comes to pressure points! So make sure to let them know if it's too hard! That's the way you work with your therapist letting them know how you feel.  AWESOME MASSAGE!
5	Very nice especially being pregnant. Clean, peaceful atmosphere. First time at a foot spa, I will definitely be back.
5	Very happy!  My wife and I both had the one hour session and they were very nice and professional.  I'm looking forward to seeing you again.
5	Went in today for a massage with my gf, and it was absolutely amazing! The two ladies that took care of us were sweet and very attentive. They knew the problem areas and definitely worked on them more! It was 30 bucks for an hour and definitely worth it! We can't wait to come back again!!
5	Awesome massage. If you've never been to a foot spa - don't be afraid. It's all legit. The therapist will spend about 30 minutes on your feet and 30 minutes on the rest of your body for a fully clothed massage. Nothing shady here.   Magnolia is clean and staff was polite. Treat yourself.  Oh- and if the reflexology pressure is too much- just tell them to go lighter on you.
5	Excellent service.. Love everything about this place. They pay attention to what you need. Very detail on all the strokes. Request for Ping. I will go back there again. It is always nice to try it cheaper like what I got from groupon. If you like the service then you can go back if not then you did pay much. With my experience, I enjoyed it and specially you are in a private room.
5	This is my third reflexology massage and by far the best.  The previous two (at other places) were actually a bit painful, not here at Magnolia Foot Spa. The pressure was just right and so relaxing, I worried I might fall asleep.You can count on receiving not just a foot massage, but a full body massage with all your clothing on at prices far more reasonable than massages offered at local day spas.
5	Great Place.  Did the yelp special $28 for the $45 service.  Was very friendly and professional. Will definitely recommend to others and I'll definitely be back.
5	This place ROCKS!!! $45 for 100 min! Awesome deep deep tissue! Im an endurance athlete and I get massages every few weeks.  This was BY FAR the best ever!! She even did a time walking on my back, legs, butt....Ask for Snow.  They were all soooo friendly too.
5	This place is amazing! Seriously, no joke, the best $30 I've ever spent. I will tell everyone I know about this place.I called and booked a 1 hour massage. Although the sign says "foot massage" they provide an amazing full body massage. I don't have the time to go into detail but I will try to summarize the 1 hour...It's located off the "beaten path" (a good thing). I walk in, clean nice place with an attractive  very sweet female at the front counter. I was taken back to the room, start soaking feet, then the massage areas began in this order...FaceHeadNeckShoulders Arms HandsThen she removed my feet from warm soaking water, dried, then started on toes, feet, calves and lower thighs. I thought I was close to being done but she then asked me to turn over and began the "back walk", which I was hoping for. It was awesome. I'm 6 foot tall 200lbs. The hands of a petite 100lb Asian female just aren't enough to provide the pressure needed. This amazing lady, whose name I unfortunately failed to ask for, did a fantastic job using her elbows, knees, heels, etc. to work everything out incredibly well. Once again, I thought I was done, however she then came out with "hot stones" or rocks and worked my back for another 5 min or so. She finished off with a 2 min body scrub with warm towels to remove lotion/oil etc. This is a total no brainier. If you're looking for a great massage at a great price, look no further. Highly recommended. .
5	LOVE this place.  The hubby and I are avid fans of foot spas and regularly seek them out locally and even when we're travelling.  If done right, you can get a fantastic massage at an affordable price.  Thanks to my fellow Yelpers for such a great rec!.  We came in right when they opened, asked for 2 60-min. massages and were quickly escorted to our "room".  The massage chairs are not out in the open like at other spas.  Each room/pod/cubicle has 1-2 massage chairs, each room with a curtain to provide privacy from other patrons.  Now the walls aren't enclosed, so you can definitely still hear others and vice versa.  But I like how the rooms give you a little sense of privacy and attempt to shut you away from the world during your time there.  Our massage started off with a neck/shoulder massage.  Then, while your feet soaks you get a face/head massage, which really is just getting the blood flowing for the real deal: the foot massage!  Now, full disclosure:  The foot massage is typically when I fall asleep.  Can't help it, something about the pressure points just puts me and my body at ease.  Foot massage was on point!  Definitely the highlight of the massage (which you would expect given the name of the business).  Next, legs.  Flip. Back/legs/shoulder.  The ladies who worked on us were awesome!  They twerked us out, no joke. My masseuse had good pressure and really worked on my knots.  They have a stamp card where every 10 massages earns you 1 free massage.  w00t.  All in a all, a wonderful experience.
5	AMAZING! Best massage I've ever gotten, went there with my boyfriend last night and we got snow and lily they both are STRONG pressure the whole time they really knew how to stretch us out and got all my knots out, actually felt Immediately looser. Recommend this place! It's low lit but not too dark and had relaxing music .You're in your own area but not in a closed room so sometimes you can hear other ppl walking in but only for a few seconds because they keep noise down to a minimum. They really know about reflexology and pressure points from head to toe. From soaking feet in hot water w tea bag to stretching out it was consistently amazing we did 100 mins and it was seriously the best I've ever had. I've been to expensive spas all over the strip and off the strip but snow knows her stuff and has strong healing hands. They gave us a stamp card and they have great prices as is so it's well worth it! Can't wait to go again. Thank you snow and lily!
5	Best place in Henderson and you can't beat the value. It's not a spa, so don't expect perfect solidtude, but you get a great 1 hour massage for $29 that touches every major part and $42 for 100 minutes is just awseome. Cici is respsonsive as the manager and my wife thought her massage was perfect and Tina is fantastic.
5	Me and my husband came to get a message here , we have never gone to a place like this and we're kind of skeptical but it was awesome ! We will definitely be back!
5	This place is great! It's clean, reasonably priced and the massages are absolutely amazing.
5	The massage was worth it for $28 u get hot stone and full body massage. i will definitely come back!
5	Wow! All I can say is WOW in a GREAT way! Truly an amazing experience and I wish I would have found this place sooner! For $30 you receive a full body massage from head to toe AND you get hot stones on your back! Lily was my massage therapist and she was simply amazing! I definitely recommend her! Although she may look tiny, she is STRONG & will help alleviate any kinks in your body! Very friendly staff, very clean & just such a cute environment! I am definitely coming back!
4	Great place to get a goo massage. Their staff are friendly and their deep tissue is awesome. would recommend this place for cleanliness and customer service.
1	Not sure if it changed management in the last few days but now full body assuage means only neck,arms and feet.  They won't touch your back anymore.  I've been here a few times and it's always been great and friendly. This time was subpar, chaotic and a bit rude. Nobody really seemed to have a clue what was going on, felt rushed, and when it was over they try to force you to tip for horrible massage and push you out the door.  Time to find a new place.
5	I just had a massage from Ping. Best reflexology/massage spa I've been to in Vegas!!! Price was incredible, great deal through yelp (including the additional five minutes). Walk on your back, hot rocks, lifted you up...felt just as relaxing as the endorphin release after a ninety minute yoga session. ***Definitely recommend!!!
5	First time to Magnolia and it was a treat. Very clean and I got in without a waitBing was the best !!! I will be back for sure and the price is excellent
5	Wow, it was amazing! Our friends took us here after a half day of trap shooting in LV. The place says Foot Spa but they do full body in tandem of the foot spa and it's pretty amazing. We did the 90 minutes service and my wife and I were glad we did. The venue is really nice and very pleasant with new and clean towels and furniture. Go with confidence and I bet you you'll be addicted to this place! I just wish we had one in Utah!
3	I'm not an expert, but I have been to three reflexology places, so far, and I have received many massages.  My usual place is Ocean Reflexology.  I saw the great reviews and the Yelp special for Magnolia, so I thought I would give them a shot.  From my experience today, this place can't hold a candle to the service at Ocean.         I made an appointment for 2 P.M.  When I arrived, a few people were trying to pay, so I just stepped back.  After they left, nobody addressed me, so I went up to them and said that I had a 2 P.M. appointment for a Yelp special.  Someone brought me to a room and then left.  I stripped down to my underwear and sat...for ten minutes.  People walked by, but nobody said that they would be with me in a minute or anything like that.  One man (I think the owner or manager) looked in my room...and then walked away.  If they were too busy to take me, they could have had me wait in the waiting room.  As a side note--there are no curtains for the rooms.  I thought I read that there were curtains.  I didn't see any on any of the rooms.     When the massage therapist arrived, he just said "Hi" and then started getting things ready.  The massage was just okay.  The pressure on the head, neck, and shoulders was not very strong and he used very slow strokes.  At Ocean, they move much faster and use various techniques--that's what I prefer.  He was much stronger with my back.  My only issue with his back work was that he mostly used the same stroke over and over again.   For the hot stone treatment, he just held two hot rocks and rubbed them up and down my back quickly.  I lasted about two minutes.  I've never had that treatment before, so I really didn't know what to expect--I guess I was just expecting a little more.     When I went to pay, the woman at the register said that is was $28.  I gave her two twenties.  She said, "Do you want the rest for the therapist"  She might have called him something else, but that was the meaning.  I didn't like that she assumed that I was going to leave him a $12 tip for a $28 service.  In all honesty, I had planned on giving the therapist the $12, but he was late, left me sitting in the room in my underwear for ten minutes, and just gave a so-so massage.  I told her that I was leaving him $7.  She then gave me two singles and a ten dollar bill, trying to force me to give him a $12 tip.  I asked her to give me two fives for the ten.  She then said that most people give at least ten dollars for a 60 minute massage.  I gave the man the seven and told her thank you.  Then I asked if I could have a card.  She gave me a card.  I said, "Can I get a stamp on it?"  She then stamped it and said nothing.  Although when she spoke earlier, she sounded pleasant, I got the feeling that I was not welcome in their establishment, even though I was never rude or crabby with any of the workers.  So...live and learn.  Maybe I just had a bad experience there.  There are a lot of positive reviews for this place, so maybe I just caught them on a bad day.  Anyway, I only give my business to places that seem welcoming, so I will not be returning to Magnolia.  At Ocean Reflexology, they treat me very well and always do top-notch work. I will continue to give them my business because they earn it.
3	I've been here twice now. The first time, I got a male masseur who did a pretty good job. He's a shorter, portly Asian guy. I'm sorry I don't remember his name. I don't believe he spoke much English, but he had strong hands and gave a good rub.The second time I went I got Cici. I was a little excited at first since I gather she's the owner or at least manager so I figured she would know what she's doing, not to mention she's kind of cute. Unfortunately, she had an obvious cold, smelled like she had been eating Taco Bell (in the same plaza) quite recently and she gave a massage like she learned by watching Youtube Videos. Not much pressure and clumsy technique.Both times I've gone in was because my feet and legs were sore and ironically, they pretty much massage everything here except for your feet! Your feet soak, but they don't rub them. It's more of a torso massage. It's cheap, it's decent, and it's open till midnight every day, but it's nothing to rave about in my opinion. It's $30 for an hour and then I tip another $10-$20 (which is expected) on top of that. So unless I'm just bored at night and want a quick semi-relaxing experience, I would rather kick in another $20-$30 and get a real massage somewhere else.Also, not much privacy. The massage does take place in your own little "cube", but there is no curtain or door or anything. Both times I've been there, as I get up afterwards to get dressed, other customers have walked by and looked me up and down in my underwear before heading out to pay haha. I'm not the bashful type so I really don't care much, but I know some people would hate that!
5	I just came back from having the best ever massage from Jessica.  She was very through, polite, and knew just all the right spots without me having to say anything.  She could tell what needed work.  Hot Rocks were great, lifted up and stretched out just perfectly.  The water was warm, and the lotion smelled great.  I felt great the rest of the day and the next.  The atmosphere was great with good calming music playing.  It was easy to drift away as the stress was being taken away.  I didn't have to wait, and I was very happy with the way I was treated.They say foot spa, but they do a full body.  The price really can't be beat as well.  My only regret?  Only doing 60 minutes, I should have done 90 for the great prices this place has.  Jessica is now the only person I'll go and see.
5	The new owners as of 1/1/2015 have picked up right where the prior owner left off.  The spa is very clean, orderly, and professionally managed.  The massage givers really want to give the best foot massage possible.  Some, including the fantastic Jessica, have worked at Magnolia for years.  You will not be disappointed.  The spa has a pleasant, relaxing atmosphere.  And the price simply can't be beat.  I will be a life-long client.
