2	Clean. Tasty. Did NOT make me sick but still got a headache from the MSG.
1	I would not eat here again. Staff not friendly. Not helpful. Small scoop of rice and small portion of chow mein. Avoid this place. Portions are extremely small. Better off eating somewhere else.
2	Oh my.. how can you mess up on fried rice AND chow mein. These are Chinese fast food staples. They were either too salty or too starchy. And they give so much of it! At least the entrees were edible, I suppose.The artificial lemonade was good... and the staff is nice?Other than that, I'd avoid this place, unless I somehow attracted your tastebuds...
1	Horrible! Rice has no flavor. Very bland. Kung pao chicken isnt spicy and again so flavor. Chicken is very chewy. I only saw brown meat in the dish. Orange chicken was bland too. No flavor. The service was horrible. No smiles. No greeting. No "have a nice day". Asked about soy sauce and the lady pointed to a community squeeze bottle. Ew! My boyfriend isnt picky about food. He'll eat just about anything and he gave up half way thru his meal.
3	China Pantry is located in the food court of the Las Vegas Premium outlets. Right in the middle of a busy shopping spree with my cousins, I found myself ordering a three item combo to share from here. For a little under $8, I got a combo with fried rice, noodles, chicken teriyaki, chicken curry and chicken with mushrooms. Pros: It was a decent amount of food! They don't really give a lot but it is enough to get you decently full. The chicken teriyaki was nice and lean! There was a good amount of chicken in the chicken curry and chicken with mushrooms (meaning it wasn't all veggies).Taste wise the food was pretty good. The chicken dishes were flavorful! The curry sauce was good. The teriyaki was just the right amount of sweet! Cons: I didn't order anything to drink but did ask for water. The lady working there gave me a cup of water and when I asked for another (since I was sharing this meal), she said only one water per customer :(.It's an OK place. A little bit pricey which is to be expected since it is at a food court at a popular outlet.
1	For a Chinese restaurant, this is one of the worst fried rice I have ever had. it was dry and flavorless. Everything didn't have any taste.
