5	First time here.. and when I seen what the menu looked like I was sold.. sandwitches looks awsome and prices was good.. I question the food about size and tease.. the owner jac then approached me and told me that they had the best sandwitches In vegas and if I didn't like it he would refund me my monry.. so I took him on his word.. and I have to say that the man was not lieing.. the sandwitch I had a long time.. the new york bomb was great and would tell anyone to try it.. jac&ray they can cook a good sandwitch.. looking forward to another and everytime I come to vegas I will be make sure to go there
4	This is in the food court in Fashion Show Mall.  This was a pretty good meal for the price.  I ordered the Cubano and was quite pleased.
3	Not bad, cheap and on the strip too.  One of the best places on the strip to eat that will not make you take out a loan.
4	This is one of the most affordable and tastiest spots at the Fashion Show food court. Their menu carries a good variety of salads, sandwiches and appetizers for a good price ($4-$9). The service is fast and friendly and the portions are generous. Food tips: The papanachos (cheese, bacon, side of ranch), chicken tenders, black angus burger, and Philly cheesesteak are great options for lunch. And if you are really hungry... Make your sandwich a meal and upgrade your fries to papanachos for a few extra dollars.
3	Sonora Hot Dog...How can you go wrong with a bacon wrapped hot dog?  Pretty good when your hungry and tired from walking up and down the strip.
5	Amazing food for being a fast food restaurant. Every ingredient is fresh & high quality. Delicious, very affordable & generous portions.They also make excellent breakfast. Should definitely stop by, too good for food court food!!! :)
5	The service was friendly. I ordered a Cuban sandwich and enjoyed it. The price was reasonable.
1	It was not what this thing hyped it out to be. A total fail. I wouldnt choose this place over Wendys.
1	Went in today at 1:55 pm. And ordered a plain veggie sanwhich and nothing else, and was gonna order a combo but the last cut me off and told me my total without her full attention. Waited 25 minutes for a god damn sandwitch with that could be made in 2 minutes! Walked up to the counter and demanded a refund, and apparently my order was never even on the system!! But I did see people come before and after me get their order! The people working were busy on their phones and kept walking to the back, like they didn't even care and they were messing up other peoples orders! I am so mad! tried going on the company site to complain to corporate but could not find it. So decided to post on here. I would give this place a zero stars if I could. I will never come back to this place. The two girls working didn't even say sorry or try to correct it. Please find better people with proper customer service so this won't happen to anyone else. There was an older lady waiting as well a after me and I had to break it to her that my order wasn't even there, and she went and complained as well. My email adress crazyandevil13@yahoo.com if any managers or corporate need to contact me for an apology.
3	Jac and Ray has been open for a few years,  I used to go all the time. They were less expensive to get a burger meal, than any other place in the mall.After drastic changes in management, the service became horrible, and the prices started going up. I stopped going there, and it's been over a year since I had last been there.I decided to give them another try. The quality of service has improved 100%. The girls behind the counter, were very friendly and efficient! The time it takes to get your food is still very long. However the burger is made of fresh ingredients. The first time back, will not be the last time.
