4	"This place is cool not sure what it was called before but they renovated and expanded and it's not sooo dive-ish anymore lol. The owner took over what it was so he decided to tailor it to the same crowd. Mainly biker's bar but it now has space for live entertainment and dancing I suppose!?! Food is alright but I suggest sticking to drink's here with a happy hour spanning from 10-7 that is just crazy!! I thought biker's didn't drink?? Maybe thats the sissy biker's I'm thinkin about hmmm!??! If you like the smell of leather I highly suggest trying this place oh they also have a full service patio for dining/drinking.Saturday Band every sat. 9:30 pm-1 am $1.50 DOM Wells  Sunday Free BBQ  Monday Chips & Picks Poker @ 7pm  Tuesday Stripper & Students $1.50 Dom Bottles & Well Drinks  Wednesday Open Mic @ 9:30  Thursday Reverse Happy Hour 11pm - Close  Friday Band every Friday 9:30 pm-1 am"
3	this is a good old rowdy, party, have a good time bar. it's not fancy. it's geared to a very laid back crowd, alot of bikers and alot of people who like hard rock n roll. they crowd may look a little tough, but it's really a good mix of people. don't dress up here. you will stick out like a soar thumb. there is a full menu and the food is on the cheaper side. happy hour is 10-7! they have 35 cent wings all day long, i think everyday. not sure about the every day thing. there is a live band on fridays and probably saturdays and it's hard rock. there's a dance floor. it does get really busy and is generally alot of fun. it's dark due to lack of windows. there's alot of places to sit. a good all around time. not for kids at anytime.
4	Haradtailz is a biker bar, but normal people such as myself are very welcome here! Its a pretty big place with a patio for smokers outside. Its not all that chic or spiffy on the inside, but I give it 4 stars for the live music they have in this section of town. Every time I've been, which is only about 7 times, they have had quality cover bands- No stinkers! There's a dance floor-area, plenty of space, and if you are being bombarded from the loud music you can go to the other side of the room which is behind the bar for refuge. Great place to enjoy some live hard rockin' music!
4	Used to go to this place every other weekend when I lived off Bell Rd. from 2002-2004. Loved this place. I haven't been here since 2004, but I had a blast every time I went in. You can dress really sexy or come in a bikini top and short-shorts. No one cares there. It's a biker nightclub. The drinks were somewhat pricy back then (not sure about nowadays, sorry). But I always had fun there. I don't know what it looks like now or anything, but I hope one day to visit, just to see what it looks like now.
