4	I like to patronize businesses that do exactly what they say they are going to do...and do it with smile:)Cartridge World is one of those places:)They say they will save you bundle on ink and toner cartridges for your printers...you know what?...that's exactly what they do!The Beautiful Carin and I have 5 printers in our offices and one or another is often in need of a replacement cartridge.Before I found good old CW, it was easy to go through $100 or more in ink for printers every month...every freakin' month!No more...cartridges for one of my HP's (that cost almost $40 a pop, even at Costco) are only $12 (when I take the empty cartridge in to exchange for a fresh one:)...That seems like a pretty good deal, to me:)I also need to add that I have had exactly one cartridge that didn't work well, in the past 3 - 4 years of using CW (a better average than buying brand new, BTW)...you know what CW did?...They honored their warranty and they replaced my defective cartridge with a smile:) Finally, they have a Cartridge World Frequent Flyer punch card...buy 10 and get 1 free:) I just love free!Next time you need a little ink, give these guys a try...they will save you more than enough to get a couple of burgers up the road at Lucky Boy:)
3	I'd give this Cartridge World location 5 stars for the awesome service, but their prices are 20-30% higher than the location at 6th St & Indian School. They do price match, but still...
5	We had a problem with one of the cartridges we purchased there- it stopped printing while still half full.  We decided to return it. Based on our prior experiences with (the owner/ franchise owner? always the same man) we figured he would work with us.  We have recognized him as a smart  business man who gets customer service...and we were right! He just handed us new a one no questions asked, and showed us what was wrong with the one we had, which he was quite entertained by since he had never seen before.  We feel good about patronizing this place, and keeping cartridges from the landfill.
1	Prices were relatively same as new cartridges.  Staff was friendly, but HUGE mistake here. Tiny sign on back counter warns of leaving cartridges in car heat. After buying and making a few stops with cartridges on front seat, when I got home and opened they exploded magenta all over my counter! When I called, they said that "yeah, we're supposed to warn you,  sorry". WE LIVE IN ARIZONA! Kind of a big deal, Cartridge World. Make big bold sign or be sure staff makes customers fully aware that your refills go off like old faithful if left in sun for over 15 minutes
