3	When this place opened up, I was stoked. Finally something in my 'hood that wasn't: a) a chain  b) fast food c) Mexican (don't get me wrong, I love some Mexican food!).For months, I drove by Koi, and gazed longingly. I wanted to stop in, but I needed to cook for my family. They do not care for sushi. So dining there wasn't an option either. Finally, yesterday, an opportunity arose where I could dine there with some friends. We decided to hit up Koi for a late lunch / early Sunday dinner. As soon as we entered, we were cheerily accosted by a very enthusiastic Korean lady. I'm not sure what she said, but she seemed really happy to see us!There were maybe 2-3 other tables in the place that were occupied. Not bad for a Sunday afternoon. Upbeat 80s pop beeped and booped throughout. We were seated and presented with some very embellished menus and a HUGE glossy menu of 50 rolls -- one for each state. Hoo boy. They seemed to each feature the same 4-5 ingredients (tuna, salmon, avocado, cream cheese, jalapeno, masago), in different configurations. There was also a regular sushi menu. The fancy book-like menu contained Japanese and Korean salads and entrees.I opted for the Hawaii rolls (tuna and avocado). My compadres ordered the gyoza, tempura veggies, chicken yakitori, an avocado salad, and california rolls. While we waited, our super-cheery server brought some pretty typical miso soup. When my rolls arrived, the first thing I noticed was that they were pretty stingy with the tuna. It appears that one piece was used for the entire 6 rolls. Many of the rolls contained no tuna whatsoever. They were also very large and loose, making them quite a trick to eat. The rice was pretty bland and the tuna was OK. My friend's california rolls were one step above Safeway quality.The tempura was pretty good. Light, and not greasy. The veggies were crisp. The gyoza was fried, and I suspect they were pre-made. I usually like mine pan-fried and then steamed. The filling had cellophane noodles, which gave them a weird, gooey texture.The avocado salad was definitely on the "will order again" list. It featured a generous portion of ripe avocado served on crisp lettuce, with a tasty, spicy dressing. The chicken yakitori also got nods for being decently good.While we were eating, or server kept the drinks coming, and cleared our plates often, which was awesome. She also stopped by with some rather yummy berry wine and gave us each a small shot, and encouraged us to toast loudly when we slung em back.  My verdict is, while I'm glad Koi is here, don't go there for the sushi. Go there for a cool place to hang out -- for something different in Glendale, that's neither shady nor overblown. The atmosphere is just right -- fun, friendly, and low key. Have some drinks and maybe some fried things or a salad, and toast loudly.Update! 07/09/07:I visited Koi again a couple days ago, and decided I needed to come back and give them another star -- just for their delicious, tangy / spicy / sweet octopus salad and their even MORE outstanding service and attention.  My sushi judgement got a little mellowed out. I had only ordered maki before, and didn't care for it. But one of my dining companions ordered tako sushi, and he found it quite decent (but not great). We did however, have another great time.
4	A friend and I recently went on a busy Friday night. The location leaves a little to be desired, in a shabby strip mall, and from the outside doesn't look promising at all. Once you're inside though, it's all good. Considering how busy it was (no empty seats at the bar, no empty tables) the service was attentive, friendly and reasonably fast. As mentioned by the other reviewer, the glossy menu offers pretty much 50 different variations on the same theme. My friend and I had the New York roll (I think would've been better off as the Arizona roll, it was pretty damn spicy), the Alaska roll (the smoked salmon on top was of good quality, better than I was expecting) and split 2 orders of salmon roe nigiri and 1 order of scallop nigiri. For the price, the nigiri orders were a little on the skimpy side but quality was good. The rolls were also a little on the expensive side, but ours were well made, not stingy with the fish at all and quite tasty.Overall, not a bad little spot. 4 stars as 3 is not doing them justice, but lacked anything special to put them over the top.
5	They have the best spicy tuna! Best sushi place so far in Arizona.
1	We decided to check this place out for a late lunch on a Monday. The place wasn't terribly busy, just a few other patrons. There were two sushi chefs on duty, more than adequate for the number of people in the place...and yet, our first rolls took 15 minutes to get to our table. Our last roll didn't show up until about 30 minutes after we ordered and they almost completely forgot our Unagi pieces (which I found odd considering the waitress had highlighted all our selections on the order slip to make sure the chefs didn't forget anything). They have an all-you-can eat deal for $25 per person. But we were thinking we didn't want that much, so we just ordered off the regular menu, it still ended up costing us $50 for two! Now spending $50 on sushi for two is all fine and good and pretty common. But you expect a little something more when all you ordered was a couple of rolls and a few pieces. Plus, you expect quality...while the sushi wasn't HORRIBLE, it wasn't GREAT or even very good by any means. It was just plain blah! Even the special roll we ordered was boring (I don't remember which state it was named after because all the names seemed to have been assigned arbitrarily and this was all just too gimicky even for me).They automatically charge a 15% gratuity no matter the size of your order or party. Now, I suppose from their point of view, it was a good thing they did when we were there because we would have leaned more toward the 10% or lower mark. I'm sorry, but tips are given based on level of service and quality, neither of which were supplied in abundance by Koi. My advice? Sushi Eye! Still by far the best sushi I've had since I moved out here, the best price and the best special and original rolls!!!
1	Third time was definitely NOT the charm here.  We gave them an honest try.  Hubs went there first several months ago; being a sushi virgin, he thought it was ok.  I tried it with him, and said, "Meh, just average."  We tried again - same thing:  the rolls were unremarkable and the nigiri mackerel (my benchmark for a new place) was just ok.  We drove by the other night and the restaurant sign was different.  Hmm, we thought - new management??  We gave it a try.  Well, it was obvious when we walked in it was the same place, new sign.  We should have just left but, no - desperate for a decent sushi place close to home, we stayed.  Ok, so I have NEVER ever, EVER left sushi on my plate.  Ever.  These rolls (softshell crab, and eel) were awful.  I bit into one, and my teeth just kinda stuck in the rice.  I could hardly chew it.  The seaweed was like rubber.  I ended up picking out the middles and eating them, and left 12 empty rolls of rice glop on my plate.  To add insult to injury, they automatically include a 15% tip for any size party eating there, and charge tax on the tip.Never again.  Takamatsu just down the street at 43rd and Dunlap is way better.  Sorry, Koi, you had your chance.
2	Visited Koi for the AYCE special to celebrate a friend's bday. The menu is extensive, but the rolls are all more or less the same. The items came out slowly, sometimes with too much rice packed on so I wadded up some of it in my napkins. I felt guilty for wasting, but I didn't want to get charged for leftovers on my plate.It's kind of tacky how they ask for proof when celebrating a bday, but I guess it's necessary to weed out the fakers. My friend got a free dessert and they gave us some wigs & boas to wear for our Polaroid picture that they posted on the wall. I wouldn't return since it wasn't that great of a deal and the food was mediocre. I could go to a real sushi restaurant and pay $30/person to get higher quality sushi.
3	I was taken to Koi and thought it seemed like a nice place.  The food was good, I enjoyed the tempera dinner.  The size of the apps and dinner meal was more than enough for my girlfriend and I.  The sushi list was large but I would not recommend this place if your just looking for sushi.  Not so sure why all the hate towards Koi, the place seems nice. yet I would not give it a four star review, Nothing was over the top.  It seems like the people that came here for group outings were not that pleased.  Its a small place that does not seem to get packed maybe this is a good place for a few people or just a couple.
4	Saw this place on my way to Camelback Ranch Stadium, and i made me grin, i love sushi, and i love to grub!After the game,my friend and i stopped in and once we walked it, you are greeted, not sure what they say(maybe hey, you eat then get he hell out) or welcome, i say welcome.. Service was great, they explained how the All You Can Eat Menu works, or you can choose a regular meal, I told myself, Self !, you like sushi, save a buck while eating please, so my friend and i choose the AYCE and enjoyed all three rounds, i say rounds cause you have three times to eat, so choose wisely and eat everything on your plate as you were told!The have a huge sushi bar or you can pick a side seat, the fish was good,fresh, and i never waited longer then 5 minutes for my orders to arrive, i was impressed by their service.They have a menu on the table, its 50 states(choices really) of rolls, pretty cool, just make sure you read the small print, cause what you might think is this type of roll,they have somewhat renamed it.Will return once i am in Phoenix area again, oh and they have a room/bar that seems really cool, not big or small, just right, will try it next time i am in town.Try it for yourself, and i hope you enjoy a nice meal for yourself.Takecare
1	I have never left a sushi bar so angry and exasperated in my life!Koi has more rules than a elementary school cafeteria at lunchtime!They don't let you go outside for ANYTHING once food is on your table... not until you pay the check. They tack on a 15-18% gratuity even if the service is sub-par, and normally at places where gratuity is automatically tacked on to the bill it is. I was included in a party of 15 for my friend's birthday party and part of the desire to give our patronage to Koi was the All-U-Can-Eat Sushi (which a portion of this party has indulged in on a previous visit). When we were seated the waitress told us that a portion of our party couldn't order the All-U-Can-Eat Sushi, it had to be all 15 of us or none of us. We were contemplating just getting up and leaving, and we should have. I had a feeling this wasn't going to end well and it didn't. The birthday girl decided to stay and we ordered. Then we were informed that they wouldn't accept certain coupons from the Arrowhead Koi... this is like a disenfranchised franchise. The owner seemed to be creating his own rules. It didn't even say Arrowhead on the coupon... it just looked like one they didn't take... according to the waitress. The service was slow... very slow and we waited to get drink refills. Then the waitress came back to tell the birthday girl that someone took her order... so she had to wait for it to be remade. All the sushi rolls looked the same. There was no artistic value to the food. I couldn't tell the spicy tuna tempura apart from the tempura calamari roll, and the taste reflected sameness. Quite disappointing since sushi is an art form when done correctly (or just done better).The waitress left dishes and empty glasses on our table for the entirety of the meal, and when she did finally clear things away she dropped dirty soy sauce chop sticks right on the birthday girls lap. Yes there was an apology on the part of the waitress, but it shouldn't have happened.According to the friends that have come to Koi before they raised their prices... and they don't take American Express and they don't have a Happy Hour - the large beers were $6 - at Yen I could get the same for $3. We ALL decided that we are not going to Koi ever again, tonight they just lost 15 customers. Pretty pathetic.
1	When I first walked into Koi, I wasn't impressed with the atmosphere, but that wasn't going to stop me from giving the place a chance. We had a pretty large party that night, so we were seated in the party room. First thing I noticed was the service, it was taking our server forever to get us some waters, and to bring us our food. I guess the reason why the service was so bad was because the place only had two servers that night. Now for the food, the sushi was good enough to eat, but I have had far better. One of my friends seated at the table looked on the menu and saw a picture of this dish piled with meat along with some vegetables on top, well when his dish was served he got the exact opposite, a pile of veges with meat on top. Not only was his dish totally different from the picture but the meat was extremely dry. Now for the bill, what we ordered ended up being  outrageously overpriced. Now I always tip well, usually 20 or even 30 percent, so tipping isn't a problem for me at all, but I hate the fact that they have a rule that you have to pay 15 percent gratuity no matter what, even if the service sucked, which in this case it did badly. We ended up being forced to leave an 18 percent gratuity tip to service that did not deserve it. Oh and they have other rules too, as if where in some kind of Nazi concentration camp, we are not to leave to go outside to have a smoke or anything else for that matter until the bill is paid. So in conclusion, this place is not worth the cost due to mediocre food and bad service.
3	Not bad. A tad overpriced for the food you receive. They seem to use the same ingredients for all the rolls. I've only been here twice, and it never sticks out in my mind. It is in a convenient location since it is right across the street from the Harkins movie theater. There are definitely better restaurants around in the area.
1	Koi is decent sushi with a bit of variety, and something I enjoy often.Just don't go to this location! There's a mandatory gratuity, so the staff loves to be slow, and rude. Good luck on getting your drinks refilled, or even seeing that snappy old lady in a kimono crack a smile!I cannot emphasize enough that everyone who works here is a ****ing jerk. They seem to get away with it because there aren't really any other sushi bars in the area. I don't care that I have to travel almost ten miles to eat at another Koi, I'm never going to this place again!And neither should you.
5	The staff at Koi are a delight -- they each have a unique personality that they don't shy from expressing, and after a few visits, you'll feel like your dining with friends, not staff.The sushi is top-grade, in my opinion.  I've lived in the Phoenix valley for 35+ years, and tried more sushi houses than I care to count, and the variety, quality, and price of Koi is first class.Visit today!  If you see me there, say hello!
4	Myself and a small group of friends have become regulars here.I've always had great service, with maybe 1 exception (a waitress I haven't seen in a long time...).What's the key? TALK to them. They're a great group and if you're friendly, they're friendly. Any good sushi bar I've been to is social. If you want quiet and intimate, go to one of the snotty overpriced Scottsdale restaurants.Jade is about as good as they come. We've had such a blast with her - she's even taken sushi from our table and given it to others, which then got us all laughing and talking. And since it's all you can eat, so what?Yes, there are rules, but every a-u-c-e sushi place has them. There isn't anything unreasonable and if you've been to any of the other ones (I can only think of 1 that is still around in that general west-valley area), it's one of the least restrictive. Trust me, you can get belly-busting full without breaking any rules.As others have mentioned, there is an automatic gratuity. I'm also not a big fan of this practice, however, I justify it in my mind that you're not just tipping the server, you're tipping the sushi masters. I never leave without adding additional tip anyways, so it's a become a non-issue for me.Go to get stuffed, or go to try an assortment of different sushi without worrying about paying for something you don't like - it's all good.If someone in your party doesn't like sushi, they have a regular menu that's pretty typical - teryaki chicken and the like. Enough that it shouldn't stop a non-fish eater from going (but who'd like those people anyways??? LOL!)
5	so my job forced me to spend 3 long days in Phoenix----now not to step on anyone toes, maybe it was where I was staying, maybe it isn't always 119 degrees acording to my rental car thermometer, but being there for 3 days sucked other than finding this little gem. I ended up spending 2 of my 3 dinners here at Koi. Nothing about my stay near 9425 North Black Canyon Highway makes me want to return anywhere near again except maybe Koi Restuarant and especially their heavenly Shrimp Tempura. I walked in with a co-worker late on a Monday as we were hungy, it was late, and we happened to see their painted window about some All u can eat and happy hours of 8pm-10pm. The place in in an outdoor shopping center, I swear have seen on numerous Cops episodes. I walked in not expecting much, openned the menu and noted the Korean sushi joint which is all too common in the San Francisco Bay Area where I live and is all too common of a tip-off of a mediocre sushi/Japanese meal. So, their happy hour menu offers 1/2 priced appetizers, 2 Special rolls for $8.95 and $1 per piece Nigiri sushi----yes, I did just type $1 per piece Nigiri Sushi. I ordred 2 special rolls, shrimp tempura appetizer (4 pieces for $2.75), and 8 Nigiri pieces (1 unagi, 1 albacore, 1 white tuna, 5 salmon)----out comes the Tempura---if you read my prior Yelp reviews, i have found considerable trouble in the foodie capitol of the world finding consistent outstanding Tempura.----who would have guessed the best Tempura I have ever had in recent/even long term memory would come from this random place in Glendale AZ?----the Tempura was perfect, panko batter, not a hint of oil or grease, the shrimps texture was perfect-----the dipping sauce was even outstanding, it was not a typical traditional sauce, I am a japanese traditionalist----I hate designer rolls, spicy this-spice that----but this take on dipping sauce, a soy/ginger based sauce was so good I could have drank the leftovers----the Sushi was outstanding----well the rolls, i ordered 2 Hamachi rolls were just Ok---not great, but just as good as anyones else----but the Nigiri was to borrow the young kids slang, 'off the hook;' ---we are talking nice large fresh pieces of fish---seriously large quality cuts----they wrapped the top of the rice and even extended to the underside of the rice----the Sushi rice? perfect, excellent texture, not sour, ----fast forward 2 days later, ---having limited choices for food----I go again---i wait it out until 8pm to hit the happy hour---Order the tempura, 16 Nigiri pieces ----the tempura was again so damn good I was honestly contemplating ordering another round-----the Nigiri was almost as good as Monday, but even so was still excellent. The White tuna was outstanding today, better than the salmon--the Unagi was also outstanding today--yes, I do agree the service needs work, there was only 1 waiter today who while pleasant, seems pretty green---he failed to notice many plates of sushi waiting to be dropped to other tables including mine---And yes , they add 15% to the bill automatically----and Yes. Even more of a complaint is they add the 15% POST TAX!---my dad always told me never tip on tax, here they do it for you-automatically-----regardless of this---if I ever get stuck in Phoenix again, at least  I will have Koi to look forward to.-------if you happen to live nearby--I strongly recommend this place-
1	Wow. Before I decided to cheat on my old lunchtime standby- Japan Express- I read the reviews. None seemed too bad and I was prepared for all the rules ahead of time (not being allowed to go outside for any reason, and tip added).  The shrimp tempura was very tasty. I should have stopped there. They offer rolls named after each state (??) I settled in on the Kansas roll- seemed harmless enough- crab, shrimp..When it was served it was so slimy and pale, I KNEW I shouldn't eat it. I did and boy I will tell you, I had to run to the bathroom straight away! Ruined the rest of my day :-(  The service was charming, I will say that! But cheat on Japan Express?? Never again!!!!
5	Best sushi in town! The restaurant itself isn't high end, but the food is amazing! Worth a try, I promise!
4	This place is good. Friendly staff. They also have an all you can eat sushi offer for around $25. Not bad considering good rolls run about $10.
3	Just wanted something quick and gave this place a try.It was ok because I was hungry and service was good.Still cant beat the sushi at takamatsu which is only yards away down the street.
5	We love Koi!   EVERYTHING they make is top notch!  You'll love it!  Ask for Jade and she'll take REALLY good care of you... just don't let her pinch you or tickle you while eating!  Let her know we said HI!
4	Was looking to try something new last night so cheated on my old favorite Mr. Sushi/Akaihana. First thing I learned after reading lots of reviews and settling on this place: their reverse happy hour from 8-10pm is only monday-thursday. The 3-6?happy hour is 7 days a week. Oh well. Ok so Service was great with the exception of the Green Mussel special we ordered which I think the sushi chef may have forgotten about because it wasn't until about 5 minutes after we'd finished all our other food that our server yelled at him in Japanese?... and our mussels promptly came out immediately after.The bf ordered a small Kirin, I ordered a glass of the plum wine ($6).We ordered -a spicy tuna roll ($6), - the "Maryland" roll ($9.95) which was shrimp tempura and cucumber inside the roll with a spicy crab mixture on top, -a california roll, basically, with river eel and eel sauce on top($11.95) which I can't remember the name of (all of their specialty rolls are named after states).-the Green mussel special ($4.95) which was 4 mussels baked with sweet, spicy, creamy sauce and topped with green onion and masagoAll were really good with the exception of the spicy tuna which was only so so.As other reviewers have said, there is a 15% gratuity added to the check. I think it's a little weird that people get so upset about that... having been a server in my younger years, I almost always tip 20%+. And I always calculate tip based on the after tax amount (bill totals 10 bucks, you leave 2 for tip for a grand total of 12. what's the problem?) But that said, because the service was good, we left more than the base 15%. They also have a sign on the door that says they no longer accept AmEx, fyi.There were many positives about this experience. Next time I will come during Happy Hour to see what their specials are like.
1	This place is laughable.  I laughed and one angry sushi chef geve me the dirtiest look.  "So fresh.  So good."  Ha! Ha!I guess anyone who gives this joint a high rating doesn't really know what sushi is.  Or what quality sushi is.  They have fresh enough fish and they do make it look like sushi and they do fool those who don't know any better.This is I think what happened to make Koi so bitter and to have such stringent rules:  1. The neighborhood is poor.  I know, as grew up not far from there and the area has just "gone down".  They are close to some cheap crops of condos, apts. and houses that, if aren't occupied by older family homeowners, by younger renters.  Apollo Highschool is nearby, and so my point is, that they are freqented by lower income folks that just don't know what sushi is.  They have never had real sushi.  2.  Koi must get ripped off a lot.  They get left with ZERO tip from kids or maybe by someone who DOES know what sushi is and realizes that they have just stepped in to what has to be the poorest, most stingy excuse for sushi that was ever served to them.3.  Sushi is expensive and that is just a fact.  Places can't offer cheap sushi and this place is trying to fool customers into thinking that it exists.  It's not cost effective for them to buy sushi grade fish and then to try to sell it at a discount.  They'd lose money.  People probably leave without paying their bill/tipping.  They fill up on the "all you can eat" and then leave for feel like they've been had so they leave with little or no tip.  That is sad, as we tip 15% no matter how we've been treated.  Husband and I went about a year ago and each ordered the $30 all you can eat."  Right away they tell you all of the rules or you read them on the menu or find out in the middle of the meal.  The kinds of sushi is limited.  Only 2 orders of nigiri so that you can't have all of the sashami that you like.  That was my first thought.  Hey, $30 for a bunch of sashimi.  NO WAY.  Others must have tried that.  Customers may NOT take the fish off of the rice!  If they find rice, they told me that they will charge separately for nigiri.  Jeesh!4.  Okay, so they are all about the RICE.  Rice is cheap right?  Now, they have thought of a way to make some money, even if people are disappointed.  But then again, they won't know any better will they?  Seriously, the slices of nigiri were almost paper thin.  Not quite, but almost.  Thesushi  rolls, constisted of a pencil sized piece of fish (again, fresh enough) surrounded by a one of those mini powdered donought sized amount of rice and seaweed wrapping.  Really, THAT much rice.Somehow around 3:30, we forgot how awful Koi had been when we were trying to go for happy hour yesterday and Mr. Sushi (Akaiahana - similar neighboorhood - not exaclty quality but better than nothing in this area - but Mr. Sushi is another story,,,) was closed until 4:00.  We were hungry/short on time and didn't want to drive far so we decided to give Koi another try. We sat at the sushi bar.  Smelled like moldly floor mat.  Waited for about 5 minutes to be asked for drink orders. and they weren't busy.  Strange weak iced tea came.  Only hot sake available.  Ilk!  This is a rotten part too - Both soy sauces were watered down!  That was just ridiculous.  I wasn't surprised that they tried it with the light, but even the regular was WATERED DOWN!  They get away with this for those who don't know what soy is supposed to taste like.  How cheap can they get?  I poked my spicy yellowtail and spicy white tuna out of my "rice ball" rolls (I was allowed this time as we paid regular price, not all you can eat).  Peeled my salmon and white tuna off my my giant clobs of rice.  We ate the shrimp tempura and spring rolls.  Not too bad.  Small long shrimp with LOTS of tempura.  The sauces weren't horrid.  Just "from the bottle" and watered down again.  Nothing special.Got a strange tea refill that wasn't what we'd originally ordered. BIll was about $30.  At that time, I didn't look closely to find that I may have been charged gratuity already (I'd forgotten about that from last time and until I visited Yelp), so I tipped 20%.  Maybe the included grat. is for all you can eat.  If I tipped 30-40% without realizing it for this cheap meal, I'm going to cry!So when the server came to clean plates up, she noticed, Oh, you do not like the rice?  I just responded, not THAT much rice. Kind of funny. Besides the dirty look, the service was just a little bad.Anyway, I thought it'd be interesting to some of you to understand WHY I think Koi are the way they are.  They've been wronged.  I'm not sticking up for them.  I think they suck and they should be cool to get treated  cool.  Just because others screw them they shouldn't punish everyone!CHEAP!  Not normal sushi.  Stingy.  Not friednly.  Not cool!  Save your money.  Travel a bit if your'e in this area!  Nothing good around here:(
4	Good sushi, good service (most of the time), and a hilarious staff!  The guy behind the bar goes by James Bond.  Almost every time I have sat at the bar, he has made us a roll on the house.  Always delicious!  He's also known for making tornados... your basic sake bomb, swirled, and smacked on the bar, immediately followed by rapid consumption.IMO, the pricing can be pretty expensive if you are not getting happy hour prices.. With that, I recommend either the traditional happy hour 3-6, or the reverse happy hour, 8-10..... BTW, that is 7 days a week! Flippin' great deals!
5	I've been coming here since it opened and I always leave happy. I wish this place was here when I was in high school! They are so fast. My waitress, is always the same lady and she is so funny. I always catch her making her own lyrics to the music in the restaurant. Ha hs. They are awesome here!
3	This place is a few blocks from our house.  We don't come often but it is always good.  Although they get you on the happy hour..sushi for $1 really means one piece of sushi for $1.  Not really worth it.  You are better off getting the 2 rolls for $8.95 or something like that.They automatically add gratutity to their bill.  How can you fight it?  I mean, sometimes they are worth 15% tip, but most of the time they are not.  This place is a hit or miss.
1	I am sitting at Koi at the moment and wanted to make sure not to forget to review it so that no one is ever fooled into thinking that this restaurant offers quality sushi.  I'm having real trouble placing my finger on the exact problem but this sushi is WRONG.  I feel as if I may become ill were I to finish it.  I ordered a spider roll and the crab was clearly deep fried in old oil and then stuffed inside stale rice and served to yours truly.  I stopped at this restaurant because it was between two appointments that I had scheduled.  This was a mistake!!On the other hand I feel that I must mention that the staff was very friendly and expedient, unlike the service that was apparently experienced by some other yelpers.So, if you want fast, friendly, BAD sushi, Koi is for you. (Not me)
5	Still have been coming here about once a month for happy hour.  The boy and I love this place.  Jade is always so funny, Don, one of the chefs always makes us a special roll, which is so generous of him.  We love it.  It's our typical date night location for us, or our friends.  Definitely worth it!
5	Beat sushi I have ever tasted. $25 all you can eat sushi. Great food and drinks.
3	The first time I went here, they had quality sushi, then the rest of the gazillion times I went, they some how only had mediocre sushi. The only reason I keep going back is because they are close by.The little lady who serves comes off rude but I think it may just have to do with her being foreigner. She told me i used too much SOY sauce one time(Im a freaking paying customer! Ill use all the soy sauce I want lady!)!They add 18% (or 15%) tip to bill regardless of how little you order or how awful the service was. ew! They do have a decent happy hour though!
3	We don't go to Koi often. But we know the sushi is safe and usually good. My only complaint is that they automatically add gratuity to everyone's tab. I don't know how they can legally do that. The service is ok. Sometimes you get a decent personable sushi chef, sometimes you don't. Sometimes you get a friendly server, sometimes you don't. We love their sushi tho... Spicy tuna, spicy philly roll, spider roll and some of the State named rolls.
4	So, I had to spend another 4 days in PHX last month. One of my highlights of my last trip here was Kio Sushi and their killer Happy Hour specials, that I had to re-visit to see if the magic was still there. So, it has been 2 years, I know a lot has happened in the world in 2 years, I understand inflation has happened, but was not quite prepared for the increase I found here at Kio. So, yes, they have changed their Happy Hour offerings and prices in the past 2 years. -----in fact, I calculated  what my prior happy hour meal from 2010 would cost in the 2012. Well, they have removed the fancier Roll offerings, ---but just for the Nigiri menu, my $20 2010 meal, would now cost over $54 with their current menu----gone is the $1 Nigiri---it is now $3-4 per piece! They still had the Tempura for $3.99? --which I ordered 2 of them and I will admit the tempura was still great and they still have the killer dipping sauce----which is a ginger/sweet soy concoction which is so good, I would drink it is they offered it as a bowl of soupI ended up spending $30 and a meal which was considerably smaller than my 2010 visit-----All in all, If I ever have to return to PHX, I will keep Kio on my go to list, but next time, will not wait for Happy Hour as it has lost much of its prior glory
2	My best friend and I are sushi junkies. She introduced me to Koi (isn't this how you really spell it?) about a year ago. We loved it the first time we went and because it's near our homes, we figured it would be our go-to-place for sushi and happy hour.We were wrong. The second time we went, we had brought another girlfriend along. All of a sudden, the sushi went from amazing to bleh. The servers didn't pay attention to anyone in the restaurant, and there's an older lady who appears to be miserable to work there. Then, our bill came. I tip generously everywhere I go, so I don't need a restaurant to add an automatic 18% gratuity to my tab. If it was great service, I would understand... but since it's lousy service, why would I tip 18%? That isn't even realistic. Honestly, reading this over, I should give them one star.
5	Really good sushi the best is Mississippi roll.
2	Sushi was less than mediocre. The all you can eat is actually for tempura rolls. Nigiri and maki rolls have certain rules such that you can have one roll any 5' pieces of nigiri but even then it lacks execution and not very well done . They also add in 18% gratuity no matter if iris one person or ten. So for $40 you can go lots of better places for sushi than this place.
4	I've never had a bad time at Koi, I don't know why it seems so many other reviewers hated it. Yes they do add a 18% gratuity but I appreciate that cause I don't have to tabulate a tip. I love their sushi, specifically The Minnesota I think it's called. It comes out really hot with yummy spicy mayo and it is to DIE for. There's a older asian lady who works there who is a hoot! She has a great sense of humor, you really must talk to her.
4	I haven't been here in a month or more but my wife & I have visited this restaurant many times. I alwys leave a bit poorer and we are normally stuffed to the brim. First off whenever you walk in everyone greets you. My wife & I love the SIZE and fresh flavor of Koi 's Sushi & Sashimi. The quality cannot be beat The balance between rice and fish was perfect. The freshness of the fish was incredible and the rice was just the right consistency and temperature.Every time we have come here we were seated as soon as we checked in and handed our menu.The menu offers a wide variety of dishes. The ambiance of the place is casual.  The service is spectacular and friendly.  Our glasses were never empty nor did we have to ask for anything we needed since it was provided to us even before we asked for it.  The price was very reasonable for the amount, taste, and quality of food that they serve.  This place is great!!  The food is always tasty and fresh. I love all of the creative rolls they have but I also really enjoy the simple sushi or sashimi dishes. The menu has a large variety and so most people should be able find something that they would like on it. The food is always tasty and fresh. I love all of the creative rolls they have but I also really enjoy the simple sushi or sashimi dishes. The menu has a large variety and so most people should be able find something that they would like on it.  However NOT every sushi we have tried there was "mind-blowing", BUT everything we've had there was all absolutely top notch and enjoyable.Service is extremely efficient. You feel completely taken care of throughout your meal. EVERYTHING WAS SO DELICIOUS, IT WAS UNBELIEVABLEFood - A-Ambience - B+Service - A-Value - A
5	This is hands down our favorite sushi restaurant. My friends and I have been coming here for over 8 years and have never been disappointed. Can't beat an all day happy hour Mon-Thurs. Great food, service, and the prices are reasonable!
5	I came for lunch on my day off and it was a great experience. The service was kind and speedy. The atmosphere was my favorite part. It was clean and fresh. Earlier this week I went down to Mr. Sushi and it was too crowded and noisy for a relaxing lunch. I liked this setting much better.I had green tea, which had a nutty flavor to it. The tea was freshly made and served in an individual tea pot.  I also had the spicy salmon with cream cheese roll and a eel and cucumber. Both were delicious.  I liked that I could get a piece of octopus sushi. It was interesting & different.When my family comes to visit Phoenix, I will be taking them here!
5	I like this place.  The rolls are large and filling.  They also have great happy hour specials.
3	My husband won't eat Asian food, but he will eat her... if that means anything. He loves their garlic shrimp. The sushi is good, but I'm not always in the mood for it and am not super adventurous with it. The sesame chicken is good but a little sweet. We really like the place but don't judge a book by its cover. The joint isn't much to look at but the food is good and the service is great, which is the most important part of a restaurant.
5	Love this place! It's pretty far out for me but I don't mind making the drive to eat here. A place that offers a mix of Korean and Japanese foods is all I need in life. The staff is super friendly and I love how they can remember my order! The beer selection is fantastic, the edamame is Better than most, and the spicy soondubus are amazing! Update: they recently changed their name to K Sushi!!
5	Best sushi in town! Definitely is a little hole in the wall place but has the best tasting sushi hands down! Very affordable, great all you can eat special and cheap saki. Staff is very friendly except for one of the servers is a little rude/ straight forward sometimes but other then that its my go to sushi spot for sure.
5	It's always a bit of a challenge to walk into a new sushi place, but walking into this one was a definite win!  The staff is very nice.  The food is delicious!  They have a roll for each State in the Union.  I have accepted the challenge of eating all 50 States.  I will be returning again!
