5	Stop by while visiting a friend who lived close by. She told me about Hawaiian Sun BBQ, which had just opened. I ordered the Kalbi Short Ribs. Effing good by the way, and the portions are decently large. It was tangy, a little bit sweet, overall great. Came with two scoops of rice... which is the same everywhere. I also had the macaroni salad. Damn delicious! I don't know what they put in this, but it tastes different from the typical mainstream places like L&L and Ono's. Not a bad "different", but a GOOD "different. I even bought a to go order of macaroni salad. My friend got the Crab Ragoons as an apetizer (really good with sweet and sour btw). I didn't know what a ragoon was... yeah... and just in case you don't either and feel like you're asking a stupid question... it's pretty much imitation crab with cream cheese in the middle, wrapped in a won ton skin -- deep fried! It's not hella greasy either. She also got a Chicken Katsu "mini meal" and some random hawaiian drink (there were a bunch of flowers on the can, so I'm just assuming). Next time I visit good ole arizona, I'm going to FIRST somehow stretch out my stomach, then SECOND come back here and get the Kalbi short ribs again... and I really want to try the katsu, since it looked pretty ding dang good.
5	I'll be the first to say i dont know the first thing about hawaiian bbq, but i really enjoyed my meal from Hawaiian Sun BBQ. I ordered the seafood plate and couldnt have been happier. The breading on both the whitefish and shrimp was sweet and fine and really allowed the flavor of the fish come through. I have to admit that I have seen Hawaiian Sun BBQ for about a half a year as I've become a regular at Maria's in the same plaza and never thought much of it from the outside. But I couldnt have been more wrong! There are big comfy booths, plenty of tables to push together for larger groups, colorful art on the walls, and an amazingly cheery owner at the front counter. I have been using yelp for a couple years to help me find everything and anything whether I'm here in the valley or out traveling to new places, and I can honestly say that the reason that i have started my Yelp account is so that Hawaiian Sun BBQ will be around for many years to come.
1	did not like at all.  there was a funny smell in the place when we walked in.  kind of like and old persons house.  there wasn't a lot of choices.  my husband like the place but dosen't take much to make him happy.  i did not like it at all.  the food was bad the place smelled.  not much else to say.  the man that worked there was nice!  i try to find something good every place i go and that was what i could find.
4	Ok, I was looking for a Japanese Restaurant and yelped the place next door, but my wife said.. "hey let's try  Hawaiian bbq"  so we went in. We really enjoyed the food and the atmosphere, not your typical fast food tables and chairs and the owners were very nice.  I will say that I am not much of a macaroni salad fan so next time, we'll just get more rice, less macaroni.  Very friendly and very good fresh food.
4	I've really grown to enjoy Hawaiian BBQ over the last year, so I was excited to try the new place. We walked in and went up to the counter to place our to-go order. The woman at the counter was very friendly and was perhaps the owner as she was telling us about the different flavors of the Hawaiian Juices that she orders. It took a few minutes to cook up our food (but we heard it cooking so we knew it was fresh) and she brought it out to us. After getting the food home, I dove into my Chicken Katsu and my boyfriend ate his Spam Musubi and LocoMoco. He really enjoyed his food and I thought that mine was average. We used to eat at Ono Hawaiian BBQ often and I would have to say that I prefer Ono's version of the Katsu because the chicken is meatier at Ono, while at Hawaiian Sun, there seemed to be more bread. I also wished that I had noticed that she only included one side of Katsu sauce. Bottomline: I'd go back, but since it's a few miles from the house, I dont see it as a frequent dining option. I'd recommend giving it a try to anyone who's thinking about it.
