5	We have taken our dog, Sophie, a few times now to the dog park at the Tempe Sports Complex. It is absolutely fabulous once you find it! The Complex is huge, so the first time we went, we parked on the opposite side where the dog park is located since we didn't know better. My only problem is that there are no signs directing you at the Complex where everything is.  Since then we have figured out exactly where the dog park is and the best place to park (hint: turn onto Carver Rd and you can park in the lot right in front of the dog park. The Tempe Police substation is on the corner).The dog park itself is absolutely huge-much, much bigger than the one we used to go to in Ohio. The times we have been to the park, there have been about 15-20 dogs which is a good amount. There are benches for the owners to sit on, as well as some picnic tables. Additionally, there are bags for dog poop and faucets for water, so if you forget bottled water it's no problem.  All of the dogs and owners we have met at the park are very friendly and nice.  We have not yet encountered an aggressive dog, and all of the owners watch their dogs very well.Sophie has so much fun running around and playing and is always worn out by the time we get in the car to come home. She even found the last remaining puddle from the rain last week and managed to get muddy :)
5	Jack, Stella (my dogs) and my boyfriend and I just love this dog park. We used to live nearby, and would go everyday. I'd say 98% of the dog owners are courteous, and the dogs are usually wonderful. There are a lot of "regulars" that you will see there all the time. I've never had a negative experience, and for the year that I was going here I had only seen maybe 3 dog fights- which were quickly broken up. There is a lot of humping dogs, however, but that gets nipped in the butt quickly, as well. I've since moved across town, and am frequenting a new bark park--but we still try to go to the Sportsplex Bark Park as often as we can. :)
4	I take my dog to this dog park quite often and the park is large enough so the dogs aren't crowded together, people can throw balls, dogs can run at full speed and there are plenty of poop cans, poop bags, pooper scoopers and places to sit for the humans who hang out while their dogs play.One of the reviews mentioned that there were quite a few dogs who liked to hump other dogs.  Unfortunately my dog will occasionally pick out a dog who he feels he needs to show who is boss, but this is fairly rare.  Dogs will do this, not sure if it is a dog park thing, just a dog thing.  It's up to the responsible dog parent to curb this behavior.  I do.People are usually very good about cleaning up their pups poop, but there are plenty of us who are willing to grab a pooper scooper, wander the grass and rocks to keep the place clean.  If you are there sitting while your dog is playing, get off your butt, get some exercise and help keep the place clean. Also, some dog parents will walk the path around the park and expect their dog(s) to stick with them.  This is a dog park, let your pooch run FREE and let them play and be a dog.  Let them have one place where you aren't screaming their name and telling them what to do. Just my opinion. :-)There is one chocolate lab who loves to come over and act like he wants you to pet him, then he'll raise his leg and attempt to pee on you.  I have actually seen him jump up onto a person and pee on them.  WTF?  I've never seen the pet parent ever try and stop this behavior, but he/she should.  If this is your chocolate Lab, please try and get him to stop doing this to people. Gross.
4	Enormous! Compared to the Chapparal Dog Park, this one is like a whole canine planation with dogs running around for acres on end. Ok maybe not that big, but really large with lots to sniff. Which is really what you care about when you have an ADD bloodhound with a hyperactive nose. The people there are usually really cool and you might even feel like a parent at a kid park socializing with the other mommies while they prance around and chase or hump each other. It's nice to have a human to chat with while your pup runs around.There are a couple of strange peeps (more than avid dog lovers) here along you may run into the self-appointed dog-park police who will not hesitate to tell you to pick up your dog's crap or let you know that your dog is not playing nice, but pay no attention. There is no actual dog park po-po. On the whole, this a great place to let 'em loose for a while and wear them out.
5	This is only the second dog park I've ever taken my dog to (the other was Cosmo Dog Park in Gilbert) and I liked it much better. I took the risk of going at noon on a Saturday afternoon and was pleasantly surprised. There were about 20 dogs in the park, but because the area is so big, it didn't seem too crowded. The dog has very little "dog mess" around, which shows me that people take pride in the park and generally clean up after their dogs. My only complaint is that I saw so many owners with food, which has a tendancy to cause issues with some dogs. Owners were giving dog treats to dogs (a big no no) and there were a couple young kids walking around with ice cream bars with dogs following them (just asking for a dog to knock over your kid to get the yummy treat). All in all, I'm a big fan. I guess you'll see stupid people at every dog park, right?
4	Really enjoy bringing our dogs to this dog park it's very big! Last summer they put in a nice covered area with some picnic tables. Most of the time the bag holsters are stocked but if they are empty there are scoopers available. There is a nice dirt path around the whole park you can walk around while your pups run and play :)
4	Went on a very hot Friday around 3 pm.  My dog was the only dog in the park most of the time but that was just because of the time of day I think.  Nice and big grassy area with lots of benches around to sit and watch the dogs. I really liked that it had a little gravel path around since I don't really enjoy walking in grass.  It was very clean. I didn't see any poop and there was several baggie stations for clean up. The covered area with picnic tables was awesome since it was 100 degrees. Hopefully next time we will go a little later in the day and we'll meet more dogs.
4	Well I swore up and down that we'd never take a dog to a dog park (most trainers don't recommend it actually) but we broke and took our rambunctious new pup to the dog park at the Tempe Sports Complex. It is a gorgeous park with lots of shade trees and a path that goes around the perimeter of the enclosed area. He loved it and we loved the fact that nobody yelled at us about bringing our daughter (she sat as quietly as a 2 yr old can on one of the many benches munching ice cubes and laughing at the puppies) or about having a pit bull. Plus it's super clean because everyone cleans up after their pets. They also have a nice water fountain with a dish at floor level so you can give the pups a drink too.The only reason I cannot give it 5 stars is because I wish it had separate spaces for large and small dogs. A rather large (I've handled many a pit bull and mastiff in my life but none made me nervous like this dog) tan shepherd mix kept coming after my puppy and the owners were slow to respond. Finally after the second time she rolled my pup to the ground and make him dive between the closest set of human legs he could find we decided to call it quits. We probably won't go back in if that dog is there. Otherwise all the other dogs were nice and when they weren't their owners were quick to correct them.
4	Nice place for dogs to run around- plenty of area for them to have fun!
4	Thank goodness for Melissa H.'s review or else I would have never found this park. I recently started volunteering with a rescue and am constantly looking for places to take dogs on the weekend. I woke up early enough to get my four legged friend and before it got too hot, decided to take him to the dog park. Once I found the park, Ringo was ready to go and took a few laps of the run. It was clean (didn't notice any stray messes) in addition to the water fountains, a few people had dog bowls and coolers out filled with water, and everyone was kind to me and my pup. Everyone seemed very attentive to their dogs but also very relaxed and it was definitely what I expected in my first visit to a dog park.
4	This was my first time going to a dog park, and thought this dog park was pretty nice.  It's very large, with a grassy inner area and gravel outer ring, with some shaded areas for you to sit as your dog runs around.  When we went there were about 5 other dogs around, which were all friendly.  There are water fountains on either end, at human and dog level.  Since my dog's a little shy around other dogs, we'll probably take him here again, but at a less busy time.  He really did enjoy running around, sniffing things, and just being a dog without a leash on!
4	This is a great sports complex with well maintained grounds. I recently started coming here for kickball and I was impressed with how well lit and busy it was. Every field was packed and the bathrooms were in good shape. Only four stars because there are no soap dispensers in the bathrooms (ewwwww).
4	They have planted winter grass and it is beautiful!
5	Cosmo dog park can keep its stupid lake, this is the best dog park in Arizona.  My wife and I have been here about 20 times and each and other time my dogs, wife and I have a blast.  Everyone is nice and there is always 10 to 30 dogs at the park no matter what time you go.  The walking path is nice and the park is pretty clean unlike Cosmo dog park.
4	Whenever I am in town and my wonderful son has a softball game I am there watching the team.  I always enjoy the games and the kids that hang out around the ball park.  Afterwards we go to a bar and have beer and peanuts.  Love this place because you can throw the shells on the floor.  I wouldn't miss this for the world.
5	Love this park! It is huge and there is lots of room for my dog to run. They provide water fountains and buckets for the dogs and bags to clean up dog poo (sometimes people fail to clean their dog's poo up though but it may be because they are not paying attention). The people that bring their dogs to this park are friendly and I have not seen any problems with aggressive dogs here.
1	I take my dogs regularly to this park. Today however, my dog was attacked and the owner(s) did nothing about it, nor were they anywhere to be seen while the fight was going on and when I separated the two dogs. I left shortly afterwards and I still don't know who owned this dog because the owners hadn't checked up on it. It was pretty frightening seeing this strange dog growling menacingly at my tiny girl dog, pinning her to the ground by her neck and biting her. I guess I'm taking my dogs to Shawnee Bark Park and using the small dog enclosure from now on.
4	This is my favorite dog park in Phoenix.Namely1. It is kept up rather well both by the city and by the locals who take care of it.2. People will ostracize your dog if it is aggressive. Sorry for people who have dogs with issues, but you will not have to worry about a dog staying in the park if it attacks. ESPECIALLY with a police station next door. 3. Pit bulls are NOT looked at funny here. We judge the dog (and the owner), not the breed.4. It is spacious and provides a comfortable amount of room for lots of dogs.5. The Great Dane rescue I work with has had a couple of meetups here, so if 10+ Danes can run freely here, comfortably, you know it's good. ONLY BAD THINGS1. Location for me, I'm in Laveen, this park is not. But I don't trust people at a lot of parks so I make the trek when I can.2. IF IT IS A RAINY DAY!!!!! There is a significant ditch in the park that collects water whenever it rains.  Not an issue for my prissy Danes, however, if you have a water dog, skip the day.  Or bring jugs of water to rinse, and plenty of towels. : )
4	i love this place....and so does my tyson
3	This is also a sports complex large enough to hold 4 LAX or Soccer fields. Restrooms are available with multiple restaurants in the area and easily accessible from the freeway.  Unfortunately there are no food kiosks. Wal-Mart and Costco is within 1 mile. Free parking is available that surrounds both sides of the fields. The gated dog park is located on north side of the field. Minimum trees so shade is at a premium.
5	Great dog park! I travel all over for work and usually bring my dog with me, so I'm always looking for a good dog park for her in each area. I went here from all the good reviews and was very impressed. The grounds are very well maintained, and all the dog owners were quite conscientious about picking up any waste and keeping an eye on their pup. It's big enough that even with 30+ pups on a  Sunday morning it didn't feel at all crowded. Lots of shade and water faucets for the pups.
5	This review is for the dog park only.  This park is huge!  The grass was freshly cut and it was free of dog poop landmines, which means people pick up after their dogs here.  There was plenty of space for us to get away from the big dogs that my little dog is not fond of and have our own area to throw the ball for her.
4	This review is specifically for the dog park. Probably one of my favorite dog parks in the area. Big and open with lots of shade and seating. There's normally a pretty good crowd which helps my dog burn off some of his puppy energy. Best to come in the morning or at night, because the crowd does taper off during work hours.
5	This park is huge! Six soccer field and a skate area. The park is well maintain. Love it here!
