5	After a safe and successful move from California to Nevada, it was time to return the U-Haul. Mail Plus was our nearest drop-off location. I called the store first thing in the morning to make sure they were open because it was Christmas Eve and I wasn't sure what their business hours were. The lady who answered the phone was friendly. She told me they were open until 1 pm and could come by anytime, and they also had an after-hours drop off as well. When we got there, the same employee I had spoken with over the phone did a final check of our U-Haul and told us that we went about 43 miles over the mileage allowed on our contract. She asked us if we drove a different route, we told her we drove on the normal freeways as we always do. Then she asked us if we verified the mileage that was written on our contract with the mileage shown on the truck when we picked it up in California, and we told her we probably did not. We apologized, explained that this was our first time renting a U-Haul and just totally forgot to double-check the mileage. We were supposed to get charged for going over, but she did some sort of override thing on the computer and wrote that we had to drive a different route because of the heavy rains we were having in California. This was true too- California and Nevada had such horrible rainy weather for the past week! Thank you very much! That was very nice of her to not charge us any extra fees.  I would definitely recommend this place for U-Haul services!
2	I use mail plus all the time and on any other day i would have given them five stars, because they have always sent my packages and they have never gotten lost, but most of my packages were just cookies and brownies i send to my husband when we are apart. I have given them 2 stars because of what happened recently, and i advise against people sending packages through them that have prepaid shipping labels. When you actually pay for the shipping, they will give you a confirmation number and are very courteous but when you aren't paying them for the shipping they lose your packages and don't care. My experience the reason i wanted to give them 1 star but gave them 2 because of the times they got it right. My boyfriend spent a bit of money to get my a present but it wasn't as they described online so for the amount he paid i thought it wasn't worth it so i decided to send it back. We contacted the seller and they sent us a free shipping label but i don't have a printer here in vegas (im from california) so i went to mail plus because they said they would allow me to print my label there, so i did, and i noticed the label said ups ground, so i made sure to ask the guy, Do you guys accept ups packages? and he said oh yeah, we do. so i trusted them and left it with them. I checked ups today to track the package and they only have it that there was a label made for the return but no scan of the item what so ever, so i called mail plus right when they opened to find out what happened. They are blaming the ups guy who comes to pick up packages saying that it either got lost in the shuffle when he came to pick it up or that its lost in there warehouse. I asked could they have sent it to a wrong service they said no, usps would not accept the package if it said ups. Just in case i called both ups and usps, usps has never received this item. As for ups, they said they would scan all items before entering their truck, and that they would scan them again when it enters into their warehouse, and there's no way it was able to be shipped from the warehouse without it being scanned again, so there's no way it bypassed 3 scans. I called mail plus back explained all this, and basically they said, they are in a transition phase so he doesn't know what happened but they know that i brought in the package. that the most they could do for losing my package is to ask the ups delivery pick up guy if he knows where my package is, because you know picking up many many many deliveries everyday hes going to remember my package a couple days ago. i kept asking them what they are going to do when my package isn't found and they just kept telling me they won't tell me that, that they don't want to speculate. so basically they lost my package, and their only option is the ask the pick up guy. they also forgot to tell me that ups pick up is a courtesy service not one of their actual services, otherwise i would have driven down the street to the ups office. so thank you mail plus for losing my package and doing nothing about it. Even though i used your service for every single one of my packages, i will no longer use your services hopefully this review will help others from losing their packages and their refunds because of their incompetence.
5	Went to this location to order from their U-haul services. Christina and Jim went above and beyond expectations and provided great service. After getting partway to our destination, we had a personal situation, and had to work something out with a different type of u-haul service. They worked with us in order to help get us what we needed. Nice people and very helpful with our situation.
5	This is a very cool store.  Not only are they a mail store, they are also a U-Haul Rental store AND they have a variety of foods which are hard to find from all over Europe.  This is a cool place and knowing they have these cookies I love from overseas, I will be back there.  Of course they are a Mail store and U-Haul rentals, if ever needed this is a place will use.  It is under new management/ownership, so you should visit this place if you have never been or revisit if you have used in the past.  Great people, great products and great service.
1	To improve, first I would recommend the trucks actually be maintained. This is the third time we have rented a 26' truck and the third time the battery has died. Only this time, it was worse; we had to jump it 5 times. Since U-haul obviously has no quality control nor pride in its name, we won't be using U-hauls again. We let the owners know and as expected no acknowledgment, apology, or compensation.
