4	I walked past a few time, then finally one late afternoon a week ago, we stopped by for 4 tapas, shared by three, with Sangria. fine food and service, will be back to try more from the menu
4	I'd agree with Stephanie here, it probably is the best Tapas experience in Edinburgh. I'm just going to add one thing, I've never had a problem getting a table here on the weekend, Thursday nights seem to be the killer! I don't think they run any specials or events, it's astonishingly packed for no reason.So come any other night and taste the most authentic dishes in the city.
2	Tapas here are just so-so, and I say this as a person with somewhat extensive experience of the Spanish culture, and for that matter, also the tapas culture of Edinburgh.  The olives were mushy, old and obviously tinned, the bread was stale, the calamari was incredibly tough and impossible to enjoy.  The sangria was tasty, and the croquetas were standard, mystery-content fare (no complaints there).  The meatballs and chorizo were passable, but you can and should do better here in Edinburgh.
2	I've wanted to try this place out for some time and finally took the plunge to go here on Friday evening.  The place was pretty busy upstairs so we were seated downstairs.  The interior design is trendy but there are a lot of hard finishes - timber etc, no curtains or soft upholstery to absorb the sound, so it was quite noisy!  The staff seemed really stressed out and busy too, which made the experience quite tense.  As soon as we arrived they got confused with our booking.  Service was slow and they didn't work very well as a team and that's the only reason I give this tapas restaurant a 2star rating.  The food was lovely, although a couple of dishes were warm, not hot - which probably had something to do with the disorganised waiters/waitresses.  Wine was nice though.  The tapas were served two or one at a time, which is fairly common for a tapas restaurant.  Patatas bravas, king prawns in garlic and chilli sauce, croquettes and meat balls were all really tasty and just as good as any other tapas I've had.  Although the mussels in chilli cream sauce did smell a little fishy.  I'm always a bit wary of mussels but thankfully there were no undesirable after effects! The downstair area soon filled up while we were there and the couple behind us made a big song and dance about the service, long waiting time between each tapas and cold food.  I thought they were being a bit over dramatic and it put a further dampener on our evening, however they were soon handed discount vouchers and sincere apologies to shut them up!  I did feel sorry for the waiting staff as they were obviously under staffed and it was a busy night.  I would return, just maybe on weekday night, rather than a weekend when they are less busy.
3	I returned here one Friday evening again for tapas and wine and it was a much nicer experience.  We were welcomed and sat downstairs again.  The staff were far more at ease and it was less chaotic.  All the tapas served were hot this time and served almost all at once with less waiting around.  Maybe my last visit was just a busy night and understaffed?  Order the meatballs, they are lovely! Will definitely be back, but I advise you to book, they always seem to be busy.
2	We had a voucher from Groupon for  2 people: 5 tapas and a glass of house wine. So we reserved and checked in on a Wednesday 6:30 pm early evening. It wasn't busy and we were invited to choose a table. The tables on offer weren't dressed. I was surprised as it only takes a few glasses and a side plate & napkin, they were bare - bar from a small vase with flowers.We were eventually given stacked plates 2 napkins 2 forks 2 knives and 1 spoon - eh..? The menu was supplied and on choosing our waiter explained that the pigs chees were not available, so we replaced those. in addition we had beer battered Gambas, chorizo sausage, Spanish meat slices with tomato & chili jam and Iberico selection.The a little later he came back to explain that another tapas - the  Iberico selection  - was not avaiable either. Good.. fine.. can we have the pimento peppers then please? No - they are still awaiting a delivery of those. So we had to settle for croquettas. The food was delivered in stages, I was worried they forgotten us but then we got all Tapas eventually. Now here is the thing..who ever said to their chef that Spanish Olive Oil was good for using on a plate,  should also explain to him that it doesn't have to be so much, nor does it have to be on everything that is served. Apart from the Gambas everything else was drenched in olive oil. I also had one taste of the chorizo and I had to send it back as it was awful. The cheese platter we had instead (again with the olive oil) fared no better.We left quite unsatisfied and also had to get rid of the olive oil taste some how
2	Like some of my fellows here I had a  voucher so decided to go for lunch.  I had booked but still we got the crampest table for 2 people. Never mind, we were entitled to a glass of wine and 5 tapas to share, so we ordered a selection and a glass of rose wine each.  When bringing the wine, the waitress asked us if we wanted bread and olives.  We were happy to pay extra for that so we said yes as some nibbles welcome to soak up the wine at this early time in the afternoon.Then, the waiting game started.  We waited, and waited, and waited.  And guess what, nothing happened.   Eventually, oh surprise, a plate of tapas turned up, with an apology I have to say.  On its own.  So we ate it.  And waited.  then another turned up.  And so on and so on. In the meantime, we had managed to swallow a fairly disgusting rose wine, just because it was there.   Overall, a pretty bad experience. The food was fairly poor, the tortilla was dry, the calamari was soggy.  The tapas came in stages, the service was slow, our olives and bread never turned up.  An hour later, we both started to feel very queasy and headachy and had to go and lie down.The only reason I am giving 2 stars instead of 1 is because the waiter apologised for the delay a couple of times.  I certainly won't go back. There are places that make far better tapas in town.
1	My First one star review!This appears to be a restaurant with two distinct areas: Tapas Bar and Restaurant which is Iggs next door. We ate in the Tapas bar as we needed to stay near the train station to pick up a friend and I really wish we hadn't bothered. The service was cheerful and friendly but incredibly slow. We ordered cava which sat on the bar for so long we almost went to get the bottle ourselves. I made a point of saying was it cold still and the waitress assured me it was...it wasn't! The only table available was (we subsequently discovered) by a draughty door. We ordered about ten dishes including Gambas al Ajillo and a few others like the cheeses and hams and the morcilla.The whole of the food served looked like a very tired collection of bits thrown on to the plates and  did not set the taste buds going in any way. The portions were also small. The impression I gained was that this had not been recently prepared. The mussels were largely colourless, tasteless and decidedly limp. The sauce they sat in was only luke warm. The Calamari could have been tepid rubber bands. The whitebait was neither crisp nor hot. The prawns were dull in complexion and flavour.The Gambas al ajillo were again dull and limp. Plus all the dishes had different mayonnaises like saffron alioli and lemon mayo etc. but were all acutally the same cheap squeezy mayo.All in all one got the feeling that this was a tapas bar that did not want to give the impression that it was concerned to entice customers back and thereby create a regular clientele.We paid up and left quickly and went round the corner to Monteiths for some better food and some good wine! Something I wish we had done before walking through the door!
