1	Used these guys for a warranty repair. The 1st couple of people I spoke to on the phone were very nice, however flexibility for scheduling was not there. The first person said I could ask for a specific time, the 2nd person said I could only choose a time frame, the 3rd person said they pretty much ignore that and schedule by geographics.  AND online they even say, 'a time convenient for you. And by the time we were able to get a mutual time for the repair, the tech was unpleasant. The appliance did get fixed.  5 stars for getting the appliance fixed, 0 stars for the tech's attitude. Not sure how to rate being pleasantly lied to about scheduling.
1	If you were to ask me about my in store purchase and customer service I would have said it was great. However that all changed once they had my money and the purchase was complete. I spent nearly $3,000 on a sectional over Memorial Day weekend and was told that my order would take at most 14 weeks but that most orders take around 6 weeks. So at the end of July I call and I'm told August 21st is my delivery date. I call back at the end of August (it took three messages and calls to reach my salesmen) and he says he's been trying to call me but my phone was broken (it wasn't, I've had the same phone for 10 years). Then he tells me it will be September 21st. I begrudgingly agree since this is the maximum timeline in the 14 weeks. Now here we are and I call again today and I'm told 2-4 more weeks. I tried to talk to the manager and express my dissatisfaction and he stood there silent on the other end of the phone offering no concern or effort to expedite my shipment. Bottom line: once the sale is final and they have your money they put zero effort in helping you. Meanwhile here I sit (on the floor) 4 months after my purchase and I still have another month to go (that is if this time quote is accurate)!I recommend taking your business elsewhere. Somewhere where customer service is more than a smile to get the sale.
1	If you were to ask me about my in store purchase and customer service I would have said it was great. However that all changed once they had my money and the purchase was complete. I spent nearly $3,000 on a sectional over Memorial Day weekend and was told that my order would take at most 14 weeks but that most orders take around 6 weeks. So at the end of July I call and I'm told August 21st is my delivery date. I call back at the end of August (it took three messages and calls to reach my salesmen) and he says he's been trying to call me but my phone was broken (it wasn't, I've had the same phone for 10 years). Then he tells me it will be September 21st. I begrudgingly agree since this is the maximum timeline in the 14 weeks. Now here we are, its the end of September and I call again today and I'm told 2-4 more weeks. I tried to talk to the manager and express my dissatisfaction and he stood there silent on the other end of the phone offering no concern or effort to expedite my shipment.   Bottom line: once the sale is final and they have your money they put zero effort in helping you.   Meanwhile here I sit (on the floor) 4 months after my purchase and I still have another month to go (that is if this time quote is accurate)!  I recommend taking your business elsewhere. Somewhere where customer service is more than a smile to get the sale.
1	Worthless.  Everyone in the television department sits around talking to each other.  You basically have to tape $20 bills to your forehead in order to get any attention.  Based on how empty sections of the store are, they must be going out of business.  The furniture department is stocked with things to look at, but rarely is it in stock.  Big profits in furniture....I wouldn't be surprised if they turn into a furniture store.
1	Going out of business sale is a joke. Drove up from Chicago and it was a complete waste of time! Prices are extremely high - electronics are higher than best buy. Furniture needs another 50% off to even consider buying floor models. Customers were all walking around complaining about the price.
