3	Seriously, every fucking eatery in town now offers a garlic-y burger with some bleu cheese on it.  I think you can get a McGarlic at McDonald's now. Un-original menu offerings withstanding, Sunroom Cafe is a nice little place to grab a bite to eat on State St. if you're looking for something:A.  not a chainB. kinda granola
4	Super casual upstairs lunch joint on State Street.  They have a great tuna salad sandwich on a french baguette with pasta salad and their breakfast is very good too.
4	I love the Sunroom Cafe. I'm there nearly everytime I'm in Madison. Sitting above State Street with the sun steaming in, eating a reasonably priced breakfast just feels good. I disagree that it seems "granola," but it's casual and laid back for sure.
4	A quiet hole in the wall on State Street.  The food was ok, but getting a window seat and looking down over the State Street crowds is very relaxing, especially during a dinner rush.  The food was more than decent, but the beer & wine lists are very small.  Prices are super cheap, which is what earned this an extra star.
4	Everything on this menu is basically cooked in a very fresh, healthy way.  I loved their original handmade salad dressing.  A favorite of mine is the chicken salad and fruit plate.  It comes with pita bread and was just lovely.  Sunroom Cafe offers a variety of tea that is freshly brewed in your own teapot.  I am a tea-drinker and you get a very satisfying two or three cups from the pot.  Whether it's breakfast, lunch or dinner Sunroom Cafe is named accordling as it iis a great, cozy place to dine.
3	Tasty pasta, but the quiche has a weird sedimentary crust and they serve rocky roasty potatoes with EVERYTHING. Also the vegan soup usually... tastes it.
3	While waiting for a bus on State Street in the morning a group of tourists asked me where they could get inexpensive breakfast, and I told them to get in their car and gave them directions to Mickey's Dairy Bar.  I use this point to illustrate that the notion of the Sunroom hadn't even come to mind, because, well, it's just eh.  Go here for the people watching and the view of State Street if you can get score a table by a window.  The food is just isn't as fabulous as I always hope that it is-- usually because it is under spiced and the vegetarian options can lack texture. I (also) don't understand why gigantic potatoes come with everything. Nonetheless, what are you going to do? Sunroom has a monopoly on breakfast/brunch in that neighborhood... and if you/your friends are hung over do you really want to deal with transportation/walking? I have been there quite a few times and the best thing I can say about this establishment is that on some mornings it's better than me cooking myself breakfast.  Despite my own feelings about the Sunroom, visiting friends adore this place-- must be nostalgia. (as they reminisce about hungover breakfasts of yore)
4	This little cafe is marked by a yellow and black striped awning (like a bumblebee). Once you ascend the stairs, we had no trouble finding a round, corner table with plenty of space.  I thought they had a particularly yummy ham and American cheese grilled sandwich with healthy wheat bread. The potatoes were offset nicely with some spice on their skins.
3	Tried Sunroom for lunch with colleagues...the place was packed and buzzing.  Affordable prices for lunch dishes--salads, sandwiches, burgers, quiche, are some of the menu offerings.  I had the special--pesto burger with potatos.  Tasteful if messy burger, potatos were really just quartered wedges--would opt for the tabouli salad next time.  Enjoyable atmosphere, decent food and good prices...salads and sandwiches are on my list next time I go back.
4	pretty damn cute, for a college cafe.the best: sunlight, izze, the sweet guy who works there (owns it?), hungover discussions of ohmygodyouknowwhosarahhookedupwithlastnight?!the worst: hungover discussions of ohmygodyouknowwhosarahhookedupwithlastnight?!
4	this place has an extensive brunch menu. granted, you can serve breakfast a hundred different ways, but they seem to have it down to a science. including their homemade cinnamon french toast.the meal-partakers were sufficiently pleased with the buckwheat pancakes and huevos rancheros (with veggie chili). the salmon-bagel plate was excellent, though missing the cucumbers.the pancakes arrived very late because the chef accidentally made their buttermilk cakes instead. they, nicely, gave us half off the order for the inconvenience.as usual, they were packed to the gills. if we had been just a half hour later, we would have been among the many waiting in the stairwell for a seat. it's great food at an awesome price, but i don't know if i'd stand in a stairway for a half hour...the bloody mary was mostly tomato juice... the coffee was very good. for the price, and if you have a small group, i'd recommend it.
4	I really enjoyed this place.  The service was great, but I went there at an off hour.  I had a big salad with hummus, which was excellent.  I definitely plan to go back.
4	I think this is very close to what I look for when I crave for healthy, unpretentious good lunch option. My friend and I sat next to the window that gave us lovely view of the State street. I hear that this place gets really busy during the regular semesters and for brunch, but we got lucky  - for our summer semester lunch time, the place was not crowded at all. I ordered turkey&avocado sandwich on wheat ($5.95). The sandwich plate came with delicious tabouli salad. The sandwich itself was alright - nothing too special, but definitely not bad. I'm picky on sandwiches, so I may be too critical. My friend ordered the special for that day, grilled chicken + mozzarella sandwich. It looked pretty good. The menu board have countless of delicious sounding sandwiches, salads, and extensive vegetarian options. And in the glass case next to the casher, there was a very good looking pie. I didn't have the room in my stomach to try it, but it sure arose my curiosity. Their swift service is deserving of the stars.
5	Low-key and friendly mimosa-and-quiche kind of breakfast.
5	Ooh, baby, do you know what that's worth?Ooh heaven is a place on earth... and it's called SUNROOM CAFE!The ONLY place for breakfast on State Street.  Great staff.  Great art (switches all the time).  Great menu selection.  GREAT FOOD!  The atmosphere is awesome.  I HIGHLY recommend this place for any college student and/or family visiting on the weekend.BLESS THE SUNROOM CAFE!
2	i was expecting a lot better.i had always heard that sunroom was an excellent breakfast place and i'd always wanted to go so when my friend suggested we go this weekend, i jumped at the chance.we went early (if 10AM is early to you..) so we avoided the apparent lines that come later on the weekend days.  our service was okay.  nothing special -- not good, but not bad either.  my omelet was sub-par though.  not enough cheese and overcooked.  the breakfast potatoes was scarce and also overdone and burnt.  the toast was okay and served with a jam that reminded us all of jello.  the friend that took me there swears by the place though and apparently his food today was as delicious as it always is.  .. but both me and my other friend didn't really enjoy our meals. i guess the prices are decent so that gets a thumbs up. .. but i don't know that i'd go back if given a choice.
3	Sunroom is a quaint, cozy place on the second floor of a building on State Street. It's a great place to get a cup of tea and a light snack and the place certainly does get a lot of natural light.I liked their chai, which tasted fresh and unusual. I don't remember having any food there, but they do serve sandwiches and hummus-type dips with chips.
3	I'm giving this a lower score of three stars, even though I come here all the time for lunch or bfast.  What I like about Sunroom:  Great location by campus and downtown, it's literally sunny, a variety of food options, a few good dishes at affordable (but not dirt-cheap) prices, quick and friendly service.  What I don't like about Sunroom:  Their stale and overcooked potatoes that come with a lot of the meals (seriously, the worst I've ever had on a consistent basis), sometimes their bread is also stale (as in, hard-as-a-rock), and the unimaginative decor.  Gets busy during weekday lunch hour, but you still don't have to wait forever for your meal or a table somehow.  Seems perfectly equipped for the university-related crowd.
5	What a unique place! I definitely had the best sandwich EVER here -- The Muffaletta. Olive tapenade, roasted red peppers, mozarella, and tomatoes. YUM! The people there were friendly and it had a quaint and cozy atmosphere. Vegetarian and vegan options, and some really good looking pies and cookies! We were there on a Monday afternoon, and it was packed - obviously a popular joint.
4	Sometimes it's nice to be on State Street without feeling like you're on State Street. Sunroom Cafe fits the bill, since it's on the second floor and gets so much sunlight. If you've been in State Street Brats, it's like emerging from the dank and stale bowels of beery hell into a sunny and cheerful heaven where Jesus is really a hippy and possibly sports dreads.My only complaint would be that it is located on the second floor, forcing me to climb stairs and burn precious calories. But then again, that's a good excuse to claim hunger. The food is pretty good here, particularly if you are a non-meat eater. This is a good place to bring your parents or visiting guests, if you want a tidy spot to eat.
4	Summary: I would highly recommend Sun Room Cafe for breakfast or lunch, but not dinner. Fantastic when good, but slightly inconsistent, the Sun Room Cafe could make a few improvements to boost it to the level of truly stellar cafe. I've been the to sunroom multiple times and I will probably continue to come back as long as I live here in Madison. It's an excellent little space located on the second floor of a building along State street. The inside is fairly well decorated, with the standard art culled from local artists. It may not be unique (i.e slightly cliche) but It is arranged tastefully along the walls and isn't overly distracting. The best places to sit are along the windowed wall overlooking state street. Right now, it's so beautiful outside that it's nice to have a good amount of light and see people walking outside.One of the Sun Room's few flaws is it has a case of multiple personality syndrome. Breakfast, lunch, dinner, and Sunday brunch at the restaurant are very different experiences. At breakfast and lunch, the place feels like a small cafe, with it's counter ordering and self selection of seats. The food is generally the best during these two periods. My experience is with the Turkey Mozzarella sandwich, the Turkey burger, and the daily soups. The Turkey Mozzarella sandwich has been good, but also suffers from the inconsistent results. Most of the time, the sandwich is an excellent blend of sliced turkey and mozzarella placed on a nice hard sandwich roll. However, I have gotten it before when it was just terrible. The turkey that time was just sliced and a giant chunk of mozzarella stuck in the middle. The rolls can at times seem a little stale, but I haven't had that as a major problem in the past. The Turkey burger has always been a consistent hit for me: good price and not overly greasy. All of their sandwiches come with home-fries. I actually disagree with Gina S's review that says they they are consistently stale or overcooked. One of the major problems with most cafe's that serve home-fries is that they are always raw in the middle. I really appreciate that they are fully cooked and slightly crispy on the outside. I do, however, think that one of their chefs is the result of the inconsistency. I don't know if s/he works on only certain days, but the days in which I have received poor sandwich results are the same days that the home-fries have clearly been left in a pan pre-cooked for too long. Overall, I like the potatoes. They are a far superior side to their tabouli, which is far far too acidic. The one time I had it, it tasted like an entire lemon had been squeezed on my plate. The soups are one of the highlights of lunch in my opinion. The vegetarian chili is just superb. I actually wish that I could just get a small cup of soup in place of my sides. That would be a major improvement in my opinion. They always have a vegan soup, and usually a non-veggie soup as well. The Tuscan white bean soup I had last week was just fantastic. Probably because of the nature of soup, it doesn't seem to have the same inconsistency as some of the other parts of the restaurant.Breakfast is similarly great. The omelets that i've had have been really nice, not overcooked and fluffy. The wheat pancakes are a definite treat that I can't resist whenever I happen to be here for breakfast. The Sunday brunch however is far too busy for the tiny cafe, and often the line stretches down the stairs to get in. Dinner, however, is like walking into a completely different restaurant. Suddenly, you have to wait to be seated. You have a waiter/ess who slightly inattentively watches over you. The menu at dinner is really just a more expensive version of the lunch menu, but with added "entrees" like fish, pastas, and quesadillas. Honestly, I think that they should just scrap the dinner menu and add the most popular pastas to the lunch menu and serve that all day. Overall, the improvements I would make are to add internet access, at least for the off hours, there is no one in the cafe from 2 to 5, and I would love to sit here and drink some of their tea and work, but little power plugins and no internet are obviously a deterrent. It's clear that they don't have these because they are trying to prevent people from sitting around in the peak hours, but I would encourage them to add them in order to boost off hour or night business. After all, I would much rather come here than other cafes/coffee shops in the area because of the superior variety of baked goods here. Work on consistency (fire whoever the off-day cook is) and simplifying the dinner menu, and this would be one of the best places in town.
4	I love Sunroom! It is such a cozy, truly sunny place to sit and dine above the chaos of State Street. There is always a great display of artwork on show, usually by local artist. And you are sure to find yourself amogst an interesing crowd of students, professors, and stumble-ins. Get a window seat if you can!The food is neither terrible nor great. The menus are extensive and offer an excellent selection of vegetarian options. The food is always fresh, but what you see is pretty much what you get. The prices and the portion sizes are small. Nevertheless, one of my favorite places to grab a cuppa and sit back and relax...
4	Sunroom Cafe is a cheerful spot that offers a very extensive menu of both healthy (tofu/guac burrito and nutty oatmeal) and your standard breakfast items.  They offer a full beverage selection and their lattes are delightful.The eclectic crowd is always fighting for a seat near the window....so be ready to wait it out or settle for another spot (the window is best, but any seat will do when the food is good).  The best part of Sunroom is that it is one of the few distinctive breakfast places on state that isnt a chain and offers substantial breakfast/brunch/lunch options.
4	Thai Noodle Bowl is awesome!  I didn't expect it, but it had so many yummy veggies perfectly cooked in a fabulous creamy peanut sauce.  My new favorite dish.  The atmosphere is quite cozy, too.  Nice place.
4	Oh yum!! My husband and I were out and about looking for a solid breakfast place and he pointed this 'hole-in-the wall' nook. The restaurant is located above (approx. 15 stairs up) We were blown away. I had the spicy tofu scramble with roasted 'taters. Heaven on a plate. The spicy, wonderful chunks of firm tofu exploded with flavor, waking my mouth up and creating little sweat dew under my eyes. Aaaa....Totally would go back.
4	Charming, sunny upstairs room with pretty good, straightforward, slightly hippie food:  salads, sandwiches, omelets, soups, with lots of vegetarian choices.  Beware of long waits at lunchtime whenever school is in session.  This place is more popular for brunch than dinner, but I actually like their dinner better; their breakfasts are a bit small, and come with potatoes cut into huge chunks which are kind of unseasoned and boring in the middle.  At dinner, on the other hand, there's a broad, multi-ethnic array of hearty pastas and sandwiches -- nothing fancy, nothing you couldn't make at home, but somehow utterly satisfying.  Favorite dishes here:  greek pasta, and sun scone (only when fresh.)
4	I didn't sit in to eat because it was so packed but I did order a couple things to go. Note that it was probably packed to the rim because this place is just that darn good. I saw people flocking to any groups that seemed to be leaving just to get a table.I ordered a baked veggie bread. It had tomato, peppers and other veggies I can't recall too much. But it was amazing! I ordered two of these because they looked so delicious from the window. And delicious they looked, delicious they were. Very cheap too.I also had a chocolate-chip wheat pancake. You can't go wrong with pancakes but this one was delicious. I ate it along with a Chai latte from Starbucks across the street, inducing me in a double sugar coma.I wish I could've had time to eat brunch here but I'm sure I'd have to go super early given how busy the place was. That is how I prefer it though... I wouldn't want to go somewhere that was empty. Most usually for me, Empty = bad food. But I give the Sunroom Cafe a two thumbs up!
4	This place is a solid cafe with solid food. I've had the lox omelet and the toasted veggie sandwich here and they were both delicious and large portions. I also appreciate a place that has a selection of hot sauce. It's a no frills kind of place and they focus on the food. I'll definitely be going back.
3	This place has an awesome location and view, but the food needs major improvement. The omelette and homefries I had were way underseasoned and overcooked. The food here is cheap and quick to come out to the table, but there are better breakfast places out there.For a quick breakfast venue, I'd have to give this place 3/5 stars. I know that this place caters to many undergraduates, but they don't have to sacrifice on quality and taste just to be attractive to poor undergraduates.
4	This is one of the only decent places in Madison to get a really good bagel and lox platter.  They make an awesome smoothie and an even awesomer hot cocoa.  It's a place to go for breakfast or lunch after class or when you bring your parents into town, as it's pretty much one of the only sit-down breakfast places on state street.  Cozy and on the 2nd floor, you feel kind of removed from the bustle.  It's nice!
3	I went here on a Wednesday morning.  Sunlight peeked in the windows, it wasn't crowded with people, and it was pleasant.  I had a pumpkin chocolate chip muffin.  It doesn't look big, but it is filling.  I could only finish half of it with my coffee.  The coffee is standard.  Both were $1.50 each.My friend had their Mexican omelet.  I had a few bites and it was tasty, maybe the salsa/guacamole was overpowering the egg-y-ness of the omelet.  Also, they should have used chorizo rather than regular American breakfast links.  The flavors did not match up.  With the omelet came potatoe quarters that were dry, and bread that was already light buttered.  I liked that the bread was easy to eat.
3	Nice location, cool view from the second floor.  Very simple, great for a sunday morning brunch.  Food is what you expect.
5	Yum! Fresh food with strong vegetarian menu. Best turkey-bacon BLT's & quiche is always good. It's on the 2nd floor with just an awning so we had passed it over many times before stopping in. Feels like a little bit of Portland in the Midwest.
4	On previous trips, I'd found Sunroom to be only okay - the food always sounded and looked good, but it was inevitably bland. I hadn't been there for at least four years, but gave it another go last night with a friend visiting from DC who wanted a good salad and had fond memories of Sunroom visits past.I'm glad I gave it another chance. I was pretty hungry, so I wanted something hearty. I went for the veggie burger with salsa and guacamole. It was delicious from top to bottom. The bun was fresh and chewy, the lettuce and tomato crisp and colorful, the salsa and guac seemed to have been made fresh on site, and the patty was -- different. But good. Closer to falafel than a traditional soy burger, it had almost a creamy consistency. On paper it sounds gross, but it worked  with the soft bun and toppings. I love condiments, so I also threw on some mustard, which turned out to be an amazing pairing - it was spicy and a little vinegary and added an extra kick to the guacamole and salsa. The burger was served with mashed potatoes, and despite coming plain and dry (no garlic, gravy, or otherwise), they were full of flavor. My dinner companions also enjoyed their dishes (mussels appetizer, Thai peanut noodle bowl, and Thai tofu salad). An added bonus was our lovely waitress. I plan to put Sunroom back on my radar, especially for breakfast - I hear it's amazing.
4	I've had Sunroom Cafe twice for breakfast and once for dinnerDinner was too long ago to remember many details, but I had a Veggie & Cheese Quesadilla and my date had a salad of some sort.  I greatly appreciate the fact that much of the food here is fresh, healthy, and local.  All I recall is that my quesadilla was good and on the spicy sideI've had breakfast here twice.  I'm fairly predictable with my breakfast choice at a restaurant, so each time I had banana buttermilk pancakes with a side of peanut butter to slather all over it.  No complaints on the taste; they're delicious.  I was irritated that the second time I ordered it, the girls at the register spent quite a while figuring out what to charge me for a small side of peanut butter.  They ended up charging a dollar.  I can buy a jar of peanut butter for a dollar, so boo to them on that call.Once my date had eggs, bacon, and toast.  The other time was a ham and cheese omelet.  He's not picky when it comes to food, and he said that he enjoyed it.The place can have a great view if you get a seat by the window.  The stairway leading to Sunroom is gross looking and doesn't set you up for the good food ahead.Good, healthy food.  Great place for breakfast or a soup/salad/sandwich meal
3	We walked 10 minutes in the rain to get here on our last morning in Madison and it was well worth it!  This would indeed be a nice view of State Street had it been a sunny day.  It is a charming restaurant with an earthy, relaxing vibe.  I loved my banana wheat pancakes and almond mocha and the hubby's French toast was awesome.  The scrambled eggs were overdone and quite flavorless.  The breakfast potatoes were well seasoned, but again, overdone.  Service was fast.  Overall, Sunroom Cafe really hit the spot on a dreary morning.  With a few tweaks, this place could be awesome.
4	I've been here a few times, but each were too long ago for me to remember any details other than I was pleased and happy with each dish. I went this morning with a friend though, and it was terrific.I got one of the best smoothies I've ever had in my life from here (strawberry and banana with orange juice). Very creamy and smooth--none of the chunky icy texture either. The portions are small, but it's so good.I also got a buttermilk pancake and it was a pretty good pancake! Nothing phenomenal there, but it really hit the spot.I've never been disappointed with Sunroom, so if you're into healthier, good food at pretty cheap prices--well worth your time to examine and try out.
5	I prefer to go to Sunroom cafe by myself. Its a nice place to just sit by the window and enjoy the view of State street. The food is really really tasty. It gets insaneo busy on the weekends, so if you're going on the weekend or during a football game, be prepared for a crowd of people. I'd recommend it.
5	Oh I love the Sunroom Cafe. Its a great little place thats easy to miss if you're walking down State St. Its located on the second floor, all they have out front is a yellow and black awning with a sign. Once you climb up the narrow dark stairs, you come up to a bright cheerful cafe! Its cozy, and decorated with local art.I've been here many times for breakfast, a couple times for lunch, and once for dinner. I would say they are best known for their breakfast. It gets very crowded on weekend mornings, especially during Badger football game weekends. They have unique food combinations and they are always offering great daily specials. I always get the spinach, tomato, and goat cheese omelette. Comes with delicious house potatoes and toast! So yum!Depending on how busy it is, you will either be seated by a waitress and order from him/her. Otherwise, if its not busy- you order up at the counter and they call your name when your food is ready.The service is always great and the food is always delicious. Would recommend anytime.
3	I would give this place an easy 4 stars if their potatoes were any good on a consistent basis. The last time I went there, they happened to be well-cooked, but most of the time they're really dried out, like they've been sitting around for a while. The same is true at their sister restaurant, Sunprint Cafe, by the capitol.Ask for the couscous side instead. Lots of fresh tomatoes and parsley!
4	Nice spot for brunch after a long night celebrating Halloween.I got the smoked salmon omelette. The eggs were kind of weird, but it was delicious nonetheless.We had a part of 7 people and they put at us at table that I can only imagine was intended for 4. The place was packed and we were starving, so I'm just glad we got to sit and eat.
5	after a hellish weekend of mosquito bites and rain, my friends and i took a stop at the sunroom cafe, and it really shed some light onto our trip. this homeless man recommended the sunroom cafe to us, and he really knew what he was talking about! the prices are around 5-7 dollars a pop.one thing you will need to be prepared for is that it's a pseudo-sit down restaurant. hiking and camping for a few days was a pretty rigorous thing, especially in the flood-like conditions we experienced, and i was not prepared to lift a foot when i was there. getting up and down and up and down to refill my coffee (which you had to pay for) and to get my omelet was not the most fun thing for my glutes or quads. OTHER than that, the food was exactly what the doctor ordered for my tired, broken down body. it was also cool to see the vibe of the place. lots of professors sitting around reading a book by themselves. i loved checking out the local newspapers they had lying around there.
3	1) Really, really fresh food. Tasty too.2) Great ambiance. Doesn't even feel like you're on State Street.Now the con - REALLY rude lady consistently at the front. I don't know if she's the owner, but her attitude with me on all occasions that I've been there (more than a dozen) lost the place 2 stars in my eyes. Extremely curt, unfriendly, tossing my change back at me, and rolling her eyes and sighing when I make a request for some mayo on my veggie burger (seriously?). It's like I forget about her every time I decide to go there, and am a little pissed, although my appetite is satisfied, when I'm done. Has anyone else had similar experiences?
3	What drives me here...location.  Their breakfast is ok however their dinner options are way better.  What I dislike most about the place is that you have to get up and pick up your meal at the front counter (typical during breakfast and possibly lunch times).  On weekends there is a huge bottleneck when ordering....
5	I have fond memories of this place as I used to have weekly friday brunch with my girlfriends here.  Food is fresh and I always go for the special of the day.  I also have my Friday coffee here which is always good.  Definitely must try!!!I am a regular customer.
3	After one (million) too many beers the night before, all I was craving in the whole world was an omelette. A big ol' cheesy omelette. My husband and I spotted some tasty looking ones on the menu at the Orpheum, but much to my chagrin, they were closing for a wedding.We sauntered down State Street reading menus until we hit the jackpot with Sunroom Cafe. I had been here probably close to a decade earlier and honestly, the only thing I remembered was that we had to go upstairs.I ordered my omelette (Spinach, feta, mushrooms) and my husband ordered the huevos rancheros. He was aghast when it came out with 2 sunny side up eggs on top of something that looked like chili on top of some white tortillas. Unfortunately, it did state on the menu that the eggs were sunny side up (but my husband assumed they were scrambled, as he normally orders them). He had about one bite and called it quits.My omelette was decent, my potatoes were nicely seasoned, I could tell they took a lot of care with their food. The toast, could've been a little higher quality to go with the rest of the vibe, but I wasn't really in it for the toast.
3	I was taken aback by the entrance and how the signs instruct you to go upstairs to Sunroom Cafe. If my friend hadn't recommended it for breakfast I most likely would not have gone up since peering up the stairs it looked kind of sketchy.Once you reach the top of the stairs, the door to the right opens up to a simplistic cute cafe. Tables and chairs are spread throughout the cafe with paintings on the wall. People are socializing over brunch, reading a book/paper or tapping away on their laptop.Order up at the counter and then your name is called when your food is ready. Food is incredibly cheap and simple - two eggs, potatoes and bacon were $3.50 and then another $1.50 for a single pancake. Wow. Price is right and the atmosphere is cozy.
5	My favorite State Street area restaurant.  What sets them apart is the great choices for those of us who like fresh foods.  I can go in and choose from several options that feature various breads, salads, cheeses, hummus, etc.  I've been there a dozen times and tried many of the vegetarian menu options, and have yet to be disappointed.I went yesterday for breakfast, and got the fruit platter with a bran muffin.  The muffin was so tasty it didn't need butter, and the fruit was freshly cut, nicely presented, and very good. For people who richer fare, there are plenty of choices as well.  People at other tables had omelettes and other eggy things that looked and smelled great.  All the baked goods are really good too.You've got to be ready for a line during a good portion of the day.  The place is popular and you order at the counter, so there's often a back-up at the register.  There's one little spot where you go to order, come back to pick up your food, ask for coffee refills, and get you water, flatwear, etc.  Obviously, this spot gets very crowded.  But once you get out to the main section with the tables, everything is informal and comfy. Bottom line is, excellent food in a cafe-type setting, but best to avoid rush hour.
2	I've heard that sometimes Yelp can be wrong.....and in this case, it was. I believed the 4 .5 stars when we chose, but Sunroom failed to live up to its given rating!The upstairs restaurant looks over the main pedestrian stroll, downtown Madison. I tried the quiche of the day and my lover had the breakfast burrito. The quiche was almonds and broccoli. The burrito was sausage and potatoes. Both were mild in taste. Nothing standout. Just plain.Bland is the best way to describe it.The coffee station was inconvenient. Right by the register, just in the way and intrusive, if someone else is ordering. Also, I dont' like to order, sit, stand, carry my own food, sit down, get up to make coffee, bump into people, sit, then eat. Not cool. Especially if each plate is 7 or 8 dollars and you aren't even served.  Skip. Go to a diner.
4	It's been a while since I've eaten at Sunroom Cafe but I fondly remember healthy breakfasts, tasty lunches and classy dinners that shine on State St. The space is, dur, filled with sunlight and while it can be a little warm at times, it's a great little place to grab a meal with friends and catch up. My favorite meal here has to be breakfast...delicious baked goods, tasty lattes, and loads of quiche. Nom Nom. As other have said - be ready for a line, especially during the weekend morning hours when college kids are rolling out of bed. The space is most certainly cramped but if you don't mind waiting in line a bit, snagging a meal is worth it. If you're coming during the lunch hours, any and all of their salads are thoroughly delightful. Thanks for the memories, Sunroom. Hope I see you soon!
2	This place is the American Gothic of breakfast food and decor, purposefully bland.If I were to take a guess, this place gets most of its high ratings because of it's proximity to campus/greek row. A quaint place for sorority girls to quell their hangovers with tasteless food while telling stories about last night.
2	Apple wheat pancakes were gritty and they used red delicious apples, which contrary to the name, are anything but delicious.  I make homemade wheat pancakes at home all the time and they are never gritty.  They need a new recipe, I think.  It is ok for breakfast, but nothing special.  For the price, there are better, but there are worse.
2	I came here at least four times, so I don't think it's a one-time-deal.The food here is VERY BLAND.Maybe it is because of the organic-ness of the ingredients, but I do not like this place.It is a nice place to meet up with people who live on campus and such.But I will rather go to other places on State.
3	Not a bad spot for breakfast and dinner is probably underrated. Just nothing to really put it over the top. Food is OK. Location is nice. A change of pace from the bagels and pastries that are the only other options on this end of state street. Cheap eggs toast and potatoes special on weekdays.
5	I always have an awesome time. So bright and pretty. Friendly and delicious. Worth the sometimes longish wait.
5	I love the variety of healthy options, the loose leaf teas, and pastries. Great spot for vegetarians or vegans.
4	Yummy breakfast sandwich - I got mine on a bagel.  They are very generous with their egg servings!
4	Vegetarian's heavenLunch-order at the counterDinner-Wait to be seatedComing from NY, I forgot how dirt cheap Madison was. Nachos with Guac + a Burger, $12. My friend got the hummus platter on a salad- complained that there was too much hummus and not enough salad- maybe if they served it with bread, it would be better.Love the seating here, but Sunroon always makes me think, Hey, they've got seating outside.... well they don't.
4	Great location for those wanting to walk around State Street near the University. We went here for Sunday brunch. Friendly staff and a cozy upstairs dining room. The pancakes were nothing to write home about but the roasted potatoes and omelets were tasty.I wish I had tried a pastry! I didn't realize they even had pastries untilI went up to the counter to pay. I'd recommend this place for breakfast/brunch if you are in that part of town.
4	Great potatoes and omelettes, one of my favorite places to get breakfast or brunch on State Street!  Not to mention the pastries are great!  Service might take time depending on how busy it is.
5	i went to Madison for undergrad and this was/is by far my favorite place in Madison to eat. the food is light, tasty, and consistent. when i was in college i even wrote them an anonymous letter thanking them for having such great food and service! witout fail i always got the tuna avocado plate, or the mediteranean plate with the VINEGRETTE- wish i could bottle that and a cup of their home made soup whatever the best one that day was. will always return when i go back to visit
4	I walked by this place a few times before I ever knew it was there. At the base of State Street, near the campus, you'll find this place located upstairs above another business. It is named the Sunroom for an obvious reason. The large windows offer lots of sunshine, especially on Sunday mornings for brunch.They offer vegetarian items, which I appreciate. This is the second best place in Madison for brunch.
5	Sunroom Cafe is probably the cutest way you can start your day. It's got the feel of a cozy California cafe with its menu in chalk featuring some healthy and veggie options as well as a wide range of coffee choices.  Way better chai than Starbucks... the chai latte is delightfully spicy or the chai chiller is a good summer treat.  Even their regular coffee packs the caffeine punch I'm usually looking for.  Tasty pastries, too! I had a scone that was so moist, it could have had an identity crisis.  It gets crowded on the weekends, but the line is usually really short on mid-morning weekdays.Haven't tried lunch or dinner there yet, but somedayyy...
2	The Sunroom Cafe has a lovely location but very little else going for it.Breakfast is, I suppose, edible, but it's hardly good.  I've gotten used to a simple question when I order breakfast: "white, wheat, or rye?"  You won't get that here because they only have wheat bread.  I don't care for wheat bread.  Their sausages are pretty nasty too-- little shriveled overspiced things (which is funny, because everything else is horribly bland).  I don't mind counter service, but if I'm the ONLY person in the restaurant, do you think you could bring me my plate rather than calling for me to come over and get it?I wouldn't touch this place for lunch or dinner with a ten-foot pole.  On the two or three times I've been there everything has been beyond disgusting.  I don't know why people like this place so much.
5	In the heart of Madison and UW, this place is easily passed up as it is a bit hard to spot.  Have to go up stairs and the dining area is not too big.  Ate here for breakfast and the food did not disappoint.  The pancakes are thick and can have apple, banana, or chocolate chimes in them.  Menu is simple but offers a bit for everyone.  Great spot for breakfast!  Definitely caters to the college crowd.
5	The best of Madison!! I have been here 20+ times over the years, both as a student and an "adult".  The good is amazing for breakfast lovers and health food nuts.  They do what Madison does best, be healthy without making a big deal of it.  They also have a tasteful selection of alcohol and alcoholic coffees for those who can't do brunch without it.  Seating is first come first serve; however, somehow the flow of traffic usually works perfectly with the number of seats available.  Sunroom well always be my favorite place for breakfast in Madison.  And, as long as they have the Mexican Omelette, I will be ordering it!
4	This place has GREAT vegetarian food, as far as non-ethnic vegetarian food goes. I remember quite distinctly their tofu sandwich, which was one of THE best sandwiches I have ever had, filled with fresh alfalfa sprouts and tomatoes. Beyond that it is fairly good, a nice spot to grab a quick bite. Some of the food IS a tad bland, however adequate seasoning (Siracha) is provided. Friendly staff as well as good food, the Sunroom Cafe is pretty dope.
4	I have somehow come to love this place. I remember the first time I went, I walked in and walked out, and I'm definitely glad I went back.  During the weekends it gets pretty crowded but the line moves pretty quickly. If you are coming with small groups of people you will actually jump in front of large chunks of the line. They serve pretty good coffee; I really like their cappuccino (second in Madison in my mind only to Graze right now), their omelettes and french toast. I tend to not stray from those items ;) I'm not usually in Madison during the weekday but apparently their weekday prices are ridiculously cheap.
4	Great on a Saturday morning when you're hungover from celebrating the 25th reunion with college buddies. Crazy Legs was getting set to start on the Capitol steps (damn healthy people). It set the stage for a late breakfast here at the Sunroom.Back in college, I must have walked past this place thousands of times. It's doorway and menu just a blip on the State Street radar. From the other side of the street, I'd see the place and think, 'Hmm, I should try that sometime' only to have my ADHD divert me to something shiny somewhere.We walk up the stairs and stand in line to order at the counter. Smallish place, reminds me of a cafe. Chalkboard menu, just like a cafe. I ordered the huevos ranchero with veggie chili (that's the only chili they had) and coffee. Coffee was great as we waited for our food. I wasn't sure how to get more coffee once I was done. Wasn't sure if I was supposed to flag down someone, go up and poor myself, stand in line and pay for another cup. So I played stupid (perfected this move) and asked one of the workings girls as she passed by. She was nice enough to get me a cup. :)Food arrives and we dig in. I honestly don't remember much as I was hungry and hungover, but I ate the whole thing. I walked out of there feeling good about the day and ready for another night of celebrating. Starting with the Essen Haus at 3pm. Damn, I missed Madison.
4	Delicious, fresh, vegetarian-friendly.My favorite breakfast items include a hearty helping of their chocolate chip wheat cakes, an omelette with a side of delicious roasted potatoes, or a generously sized fruit plate and muffin.For lunch, I recommend the turkey and mozzarella sandwich with a side of potatoes. My Wisconsin-born, meat-lover of a dad has raved about the vegan chili on multiple occasions. Delicious baked goods, good assortment of beverages. I've never been for dinner, but maybe I'll get there soon!Not a great place for large groups on a busy Saturday morning, unless you'd like to wait a while. And this is not a place to go if you like to be waited on-- most times, they call you to the counter to pick up your food, you grab the silverware and condiments that you'll need, and you fill your own water glass. Sunday brunch is an exception. That being said, I highly recommend Sunroom for a casual and really tasty meal. Everyone there (staff and customers) is always polite and friendly.
4	Vegan-friendly, large menu.  I love their soups, hummus pita, and tofu scrambler.  Service is really good.  Kristen is the best- really great service and soooo sweet.  Sometimes can be really busy and take a while to order, but worth the wait.
3	Fun little cafe tucked away on a second floor bldg right on State St. Small room filled with lots of college kids. :). Good food, service was fast. Yummy breakfast burrito, average omelet. Didn't get the pancakes but they looked super delicious. A great option if you're in the area and are starving!
5	Great little breakfast place!! Loose teas, vegetarian options and homemade pastries:). I recommend the Mexican omelet! Will be back:))
5	Great atmosphere and very good food. If your on state street give them a try. You will enjoy.
4	Well this was not what I expected. In the hallway and stairs, you are thinking OMG I am not eating here... Even in the actual restaurant, I had some doubts, but the food was amazing!!! Blueberry pancakes were great and the coffee wasn't half bad. The wait staff seem a little put off by the fact that you are there, but "effe em" I liked the food anyways.
4	I always love their daily specials: be it shrimp pasta, or pizzaTheir Dutch Mocha is all good!This place can be crowded on weekends, so come early if you want to enjoy your meals while overlooking State street from your spot. The service is good. It's actually self-service if you have less than 6 people in your table. I tried their asparagus pasta, and it was good. Tho, the after effect was not that pleasant (I hope you know what I mean). On my next visits, I tried something else: pancake, omelette, tuna sandwich. And yes, they are good, good, good :)The place is convenient too (On State street!) so, feeling hungry after studying the whole morning? come here and your tummy will be happy and smiley!
4	Breakfast burritos aren't easy to come by for the lowly vegan. That's why I was PUUUUUMPPPED to find that Sunroom serves up a pretty good tofu burrito for a reasonable $6.95. The burrito comes with tofu, black beans, (and optional cheese) wrapped in a flour tortilla and topped with salsa and guacamole. It comes with a side of roasted potatoes, which are pretty dry, but decent slathered in Tabasco or ketchup. The whole ordeal can get kinda liquidy, but tasty and a good option for the veg-heads nonetheless.
4	The banana wheat pancakes would make Jack Johnson proud. I knew I had to try em after seeing the dish featured in Madison Magazine's 13 Tastiest Pancakes, and I'm glad I did.Don't go in expecting your typical light and fluffy, sweet pancakes though, as these guys are dense and hearty and sure FILL YOU UP.The cakes themselves aren't exactly sweet, but the huge slices of warmed banana interspersed throughout the batter make up for it. No syrup necessary. Other than the pancakes, I've also tried a slice of chocolate hazelnut pie from here, which speaks for itself - its delicious chocolateyness certainly goes without saying.Excited for my next visit so I can check out their more savory fare!
4	Good solid all day breakfast food at a very reasonable price. Has a cosy, "Grandma's kitchen" kinda feel to it and is well named as the extensive windows catch the sun well.The food is not spectacular but is always tasty and hearty and I would recommend most things on their menu. Definitely worth a visit if you have some time to spend in Madison!
4	The menu is super cheap and has halfway decent options. However, they were somewhat lacking in meat options. The restaurant is also quite small, which can lead to a very long wait during sunday brunches.
4	One of my favorite hang out places with my friends in town! It's a cozy place on State St on the second floor. So you can get one of the tables by the window and watch the crowd go by from a distance. Their entrance is easy to miss if you are not keeping a lookout, but they have signboards on the street so that helps. I like how their menu is very diverse. It's great for groups with varied preferences since everyone can almost certainly find something to their liking. Also great if you ar fickle-minded like me, who always cannot decide on what to settle for. They have Italian dishes like pizza and pasta, Mexican dishes like Quesadilla, a bunch of asian cuisines and some traditional american dishes like burgers etc to choose from. I love their pizza and pasta. Shrimp and avocado pizza is one of my favorites, the combination is soooo great I am surprised no other places I knew has tried emulating them. I also love their selection of sweets like cakes and muffins, really nice for a snack or dessert. I have tried their Sunday brunch as well. The food was great but it can get pretty busy  especially during semester time. I have hardly been there for lunch so can't really comment on that. Love the atmosphere for dinner ~~It's a pity they started an additional charge for soup or salad to go with your main course. Would have given it five stars if the soup or salad came with the main course like it used to.
2	Worst chili I've ever had and the portabello burger is super greasy and icky with a side of tabbouleh that was not edible for me. Maybe just had a bad experience but no not coming back here |:( P.s the pic looks yummy but wayyyy too much cheese and wayyy to greasy
3	I might get some flack from friends who adore this place, but I don't know that's it's worthy parking near State, waiting in line and then waiting for your food... FOREVER! I'm a pretty talkative person and even I ran out of things to say to my breakfast chomping companion. I think it was 25 minutes or so before my name was called. And we both ordered veggie scrambles, which as far as I'm concerned you can throw in the same pan and separate onto two plates. Their fresh fruit was stellar though, when you consider most places pile melon into a wee little cup. This side had grapes, apples and pineapple... it was oddly the highlight of my meal. Scramble was ok, nothing special, my pancake was dry and cold and the potatoes seemed like they had been sitting out all morning. The gent who rung me up though was quite kind, they were quick to remove our dishes, but didn't rush us along, and you can't be the sunlight that pours in their second story windows. I just don't know if fruit and friendly faces are enough to make me return. (And I like fruit! Friendly people too!)
3	As much as I love all the stuff I've had at Sunroom, it's definitely overpriced. Sure, the portions are okay but compared to other similar places on this end of State Street, it's a dollar or two more than what the food is worth.The service is never super friendly either. The waitresses always seem bored and I've had one really bad experience with one before too.I'd give the food 4 stars but then have to dock it one star for bad service and the price levels.
3	Went here for brunch recently with a large group, it was great to have tofu options on a brunch menu!  I got the Tofu Deluxe Scrambler and it was pretty good,.  Everyone else liked what they ordered and the menu was diverse enough to support our group of vegetarians, kids and non-vegetarians.  The atmosphere was good for a brunch too, up on the second floor off the street with big windows.
4	Very well prepared tasty food. The wheat pancakes are a favorite.  Order at the kitchen window and find a seat (try to get one by the window).  8 am Saturday was still a good time before the lines formed.
4	Sunroom cafe has turned into the brunch spot I go to when I have friends in town  - with them requesting to return whenever they are here! It is nice to sit by the windows and people watch on State street. The overall atmosphere is just intimate & cozy with lots of natural sunshine from all of the windows. I've tried a few of their dishes but I have to say that the chocolate chip whole wheat pancakes have been my favorite. The service has been hit or miss for me but I know they tend to get pretty busy.
1	UPDATE:  After speaking with the co-owner of this establishment, I cannot in good faith recommend this place to anyone.  The apology I received was a glancing "sorry about that" - far too casual for a life-threatening situation.  This person also said "Well, people who have nut allergies usually ask if an item contains nuts."  This is true however there are certain things that a customer understands would not have nuts unless otherwise specified (e.g. veggie burgers).The lack of a sincere apology or a "how can we make this right", and her pinning the blame back onto me, the customer, is rather disappointing... especially for a small Madison-based restaurant.  They are extremely lucky that I'm not the litigious type.ORIGINAL REVIEW:Pending on how management responds to my request for a call back, I will have to rate this cafe at mediocre.  I had ordered a veggie burger which was tasty, but caused me an instant and severe allergic reaction.  I asked the person at the counter if there were nuts in the veggie burger and she said yes and that they were Brazil nuts.  I am most allergic to Brazil nuts and had an anaphylactic reaction.  The result of this was that I had to be rushed to the hospital and medicated for up to 4 hours.No where on the menu was there an indication that the veggie burger contained nuts (not even on the menu on their website), and I had no reason to think that it would.  My request to the management would be to include a "contains nuts" sign, or maybe use a different recipe for the veggie burger.  Hopefully they will take this into consideration.And if you're allergic to nuts, do not have Sunroom Cafe's veggie burger unless you want to take a very expensive cab ride to the hospital.
3	To be honest...I don't get the hype.The food is average, and I usually end up here when a friend wants to go. The handful of times I've been here usually ended up getting the lox platter during the day, and some type of pasta dish at night...and it's fine! I think I just prefer other places for the price point, ya feel me?
3	Diner-quality food without the grease. Everything is pretty solid and they're generally not outrageously busy. I think a family still runs the place, so it's pretty cute. Tofu scrambler is my favorite. The sunroom cafe is between Marigold's and Mickey's (Regent St.).
3	Hands down this is a GREAT place to eat! My favorite meals are the french toast and the BLT with avocado! There are a lot of options, something for everyone to enjoy! The price is reasonable as well and the atmosphere is cozy. The only reason I did not give more than three stars is the customer service. The cashier is always either this man and or his wife. For whatever reason they are so RUDE. Last time I was there with some friends the woman actually threw my credit card at me once she was done with it. It was the first time my friends had been there and the were SHOCKED at how awful the service was - but they did enjoy the food! I guess it is just strange that such as happy place is run by crabby people! Regardless I will continue to eat there for the food but I know not to expect good service.
2	I don't understand what is so great about Sunroom. The potential is all there, but the food is just mediocre... Service can either be good or awful too. Madison really lacks a great brunch place (that is reasonably priced). Too bad....
4	This is a small yet cozy cafe that serve up very good warm drinks on a cold day.You order at the counter to a friendly and helpful staff member.The food arrives within 10 minutes and it is  flavorful and defiantly delicious! Rate:4 out of 5 stars.
2	I end up going here when a bunch of people band together for lunch and someone invariably says (without much enthusiasm), "I guess we could go to Sunroom." Then we all sigh and sulk upstairs. Every time I hope that something will surprise me, but every time I leave with the same impression. The menu looks like a halfway decent home cook thought he'd start a restaurant and serve the ten things he makes for himself on a Tuesday night or late Sunday morning. Breakfast burrito? Sandwich? Hummus platter? Chili? Nothing that even attempts to raise eyebrows. Beyond that, the preparation, service, and dining room are all rather lackluster. And you're pressed up against a table full of either undergraduate students, grad students, or professors, with no music to drown out their conversations and allow you to have a private conversation of your own. Chipotle is more appealing at this rate (and not much different price-wise). Or just make a sandwich at home, for Pete's sake! I might rate eating a homemade sandwich alone at my desk higher than Sunroom.
