4	This is the single most important thing you will find inside Mandalay Bay, and I suggest you go here as soon as you check in.  Booze... all of it.  Wine.  Beer.  Mixers.  Water.  Soft drinks.  Snacks.  Trashy reading.  Mags.Anything you need to recover from partying, help continue partying, or start the... well you have got it.I would start by picking up mixers, some bourbon and vodka, a bottle of wine.  A newspaper you will not have a chance to read.  Some snacks, a lighter, some smokes, a couple oversized beers you can't fit in your mini bar... and then keep going.My gosh I adore this little hut of needs.
3	If you're not in the mood to wait around a casino table for a free drink, head over to Rangoon News, because they sell bottles of alcohol and beer for a lot cheaper than a hand of blackjack. Also if you're in the mood for beef jerky and shortbread cookies and also need toothpaste and floss, head over here too because they are conveniently open 24/7. Stay clear of the "fresh" sandwiches they have here though. Just go to the sportsbook and grab something at the grill lol.
4	Bless you, Rangoon!I had to walk what felt like a mile. This is the only shop on the Mandalay Bay property that had non-house brand soap, toothpaste, and shampoo and conditioner. Other toiletries shops in the Delano / THEhotel and Mandalay Bay have toothpaste for $10 and the house brand soaps for $2. Rangoon had toothpaste for $4.99, pricey still, but beats $10 for a small / medium-sized tube.If you need / want bathroom accoutrements, personal items, liquor, toys, Las Vegas trinkets, postcards, snacks, water, et. al, Rangoon covers all the bases and won't stun your bank account. P L U S: Open 24 hours. Again, I invoke blessings among these people in the sea of Nevada pandemonium and casino slot machines dinging!
4	Great place for their selection and service.The owner is the best man here.On the top have variety of collections really great to say and really nice and obviously obviously I love it to do ---better deal to make.
