3	Good happy hour specials, good service, average for a sports bar. We happened in on a Friday on a "Battle of the Bands" night and enjoyed that. My sons have a band and I made some mental notes to tell them when I got home. It was a young crowd when we went, but it may be different on different nights.
3	Famous Sam's is a pretty typical sports bar type place.  I met up with a friend who was in from out of town and visiting his girlfriend.  He suggested the place and I went for it.  The food is ok.  The drinks are ok.  The atmosphere is ok.  But it's all very tame and kind of bland.  There are piles of Famous Sam's in the chain and going to one doesn't feel so much like an event.  There is nothing inherently wrong with them.  I'm sure the people who frequent them are decent.  I myself have been known to be suckered by a good Reuben now and again.  But if I were looking to get faced and make a fool of myself, this wouldn't be the place.
3	Once again, this is another "sports bar" that I've only visited in order to see some live music.  Mostly friends cover bands, or friends of friends cover bands.   As far as I am aware, this is the only Famous Sam's location that books bands on a regular basis for the weekend. It's part of the same cover band circuit as O'Kelley's on Guadalupe, Cactus Jack's in All-White-Tukee, and maybe San Tan Brewery or HardTailz up north on Bell road.So the scene from what I can tell is primarily your East Valley burn out rocker refugees, there are some time warpers for sure, and the same damn 30 people seem to be at all the shows.  Plus there's this, er um "unconventional" rocker grandma brigade that really likes to dance to AC/DC Highway To Hell.  It's definitely entertaining people watching if you want to mix it up and get out of your element.  And the cover bands are usually pretty fun.  Never had the food here, the drinks don't even merit much commentary good or bad, they just are.  The stage location is much better since they moved it to the east end of the building a year or so ago.   Security is cool, and the help is nice.  They do have a smoking patio.  I don't believe there is a cover charge.I still have a good time regardless, but this bar kind of gives me the feeling that this particular cover band scene is dying a slow and painful death.  I have an suspicion that the smoking ban is responsible for most if this, but more research must be performed, more data gathered, before I can draw any final conclusions.  Maybe I'll have to try it a few more other nights, just to make sure it's just not me.
3	Heard from a friend that they shut down in early January '09
4	Went there to watch the UFC with my Bf and his friend. The place looks shady from outside, but inside the attention is very friendly. Their sandwiches were really tasty. I had a french dip and it was delicious. My bf had the pastrami (goood). I enjoyed the french fries home made. The drinks were never unattended.
3	Went there for lunch, got the hot pastrami and cheese "samwich" (its what made them famous, says it on the menu) and it was just ok.  The service was excellent though, probably cause we were the only ones there on a wed afternoon, but I was impressed.  I was there with a bunch of my friends and most waitresses try and stay as far away as they can, but she was awesome and made sure we had everything we needed.  Pretty much the only reason I went there and will go back is that they have a Big Buck Safari game that is logged in online so you can compete nationally, I love that game!  Their lunch specials are super cheap too, I think it was $6 for the "samwich," frys and a drink.
2	This Famous Sams off Ray is right around the corner from my home. So we go in there often but not because of the food and drinks,, but because it's close. There isn't another pub or bar for another 2miles. Sometimes the food specials on the white piece of paper are good but not consistent. Wings are good. Beer prices are good but the call liquor is outrageous. $4.25 for a cranberry and well vodka. If you order call vodka they add $2.25 to your bill. $6.50 for a neighborhood bar is crazy in my opinion. Usually I am charged .50 to $1 more, not $2.25.  I do like buzztime trivia and texas holdem. But until another bar comes out this way.....
3	Eat a hamburger...because that was all that was worth mentioning here.
5	My all-time favorite bar in Gilbert.  Friendly dive bar atmosphere and get this... It's not sticky.  All the bartenders are extremely nice and the owner is usually working.  After my first time there, they were already makingnan effort to remember my name.  The have trivia games available.  Everyone is friendly and there are always some kind of shot/drink special.The drink selection is beyond impressive for beer.  They have over a dozen different beers on tap.  The bar is extremely long and there is always room for you and your group.  Hightop seating as well as booths and regular tables are also available however I rarely use them sincei prefer the bar seating.  There is 4 pool tables which are usually available, except of Fridays which is tournament night.  Karaoke is on Saturday but unfortunately everyone sucks.  You really can't go wrong with this bar.  Just remember this is a dive and not Mill Ave or Scottsdale.Had my birthday party here this year, too bad I don't remember it.
4	Wait staff is terrific! Beer selection is terrific! Food selection is nothing special.
4	4 stars for the bartenders. Def an entertaining group there! Atmosphere: They have a lot of bar seating and high-top seating, so you usually can find a spot right away. They have regular booth restaurant seating...but why would anyone want to sit there? :)  It's extremely divey. Its nothing exciting to look at outside or inside...but its kept nice and clean. It's diveyness sometimes makes me feel out of place showing up here....But it always a good time here. They have a great area to play pool and hangout with friends, except Fridays are busy with tournament games. Saturdays they have Karaoke, it is a hit or miss with that. They also have trivia!Food is decent and cheap. I've only had some of their appetizers but it goes nicely with drinking and playing pool! They have a huge drink selection and with that, huge portioned drinks - from beer to hard alcohol drinks. And they are not shy about it!
5	These guys have amazing food!  We love to go there for Monday night football because they have this great game called the "Hot Seat", where you can win money!! We have been eating and drinking at Famous Sam's for over 10 years and we have never had a bad meal, and the service is awesome.
3	You'll never go thirsty here - the bartenders are very attentive. They market themselves as a sports bar, but the TV's are ancient and most are not even HD. The ones that are HD have permanent damage and are hard to watch. But if you spend 10 bucks UFC is free... Consistently decent bar food and consistently disgusting bathrooms. If you like (or don't mind) dive bars, this place is OK.
4	Ran in for a quick lunch, had the cheese burger special.  Good food at a fair price, bartender (Stephanie) is a great gal.  I've always had a good time!
4	I'm throwing up 4 stars completely based on the great Happy hours prices ($3.50 tall domestics), beer selection and cool bartenders. I have been here plenty of times but have not eaten anything yet... It's a great location to play some NTN trivia. They usually have people playing and some good competition. Famous Sam's will remain in my neighborhood trivia rotation for quite some time.
2	I gave 2 stars because the only good thing about this place were the bloody Marys and the staff. The TVs were older and one was green. It SAYS on the website and on the MENU that they have a bloody Mary bar (the entire reason we went) but no, they tell you, "we make it for you how u want". No shit..so does every other bar. I want to make it my self! Not to mention the were $5 a piece and the first one had very little vodka. I ordered an omelet, one of 2 on the menu, and it was wrong, the have no ketchup bottles only cup served with your meal. We will never go back again.. there was no offer to correct my bill for the wrong food, I was asked if I wanted a new omelet but I was starving and not waiting another min. My husband was charger $1.00 for one slice of toast. Ugh..bad, bad business!!
5	Great bar! Great staff! Definitely my favorite place to get drinks with friends and play pool. Awesome happy hour prices and the bartenders are very good. The crispy chicken salad is to die for. They also have an Internet jukebox making it very easy to create your own environment with your own music.
4	Good atmosphere if your into the dive bar scene but the decor could use a little TLC and remodeling.
5	Great place to hang out. The staff really cares about their patrons. Good food and talented bartenders.
5	I went to this spot on Sunday March 10th they had nascar, and the USA Baseball Champions on TV.....ordered the Wings orginal Hot and these were the best wings I have had in 3 yrs.  Beautiful Little Bartender she was much fun.  My brother was being his usual pain in the butt flirting with her but she put up with it very nicely.  they serve everything with style and the place is easy on the eyes.  Take some friends and hang out lots of room and big fun in this place........Famous Sams......who loves ya baby
4	Solid 3-1/2+ stars.'Cheers' kind of feeling in this place.Friendly service.Great for watching UFC fights!Nice beer selection.Good people watching.Check-in offer is great except for the fact that you REALLY have to hate AC/DC. (wink wink)Food has its ons & offs but they get creative with the Specials menu & offer some good food.Clean environment.We are regulars on fight nights.
1	Food- taste horribleService- 1-10.....it gets a 4UFC fights- plenty of tv's to watch the fights.
4	Great low key bar for a night out with the boys. Pool tables video games and a great pizza joint next door.
4	My favorite place for hamburger...lunch specials $5.50  includes drink....one special each weekday...service is great...
3	They stopped having UFC fights on a regular basis, so won't be frequenting as much. I'm not happy about it but i guess times are hard. It's a shame :( I wish them success & maybe we'll be back again one day soon!?!?
1	Food was ok.  Went here to use the wifi because ours went out at home but their wifi didn't work. Waitress told us their wifi never works!?! lol. Don't go here if you intend to access their wifi.
5	Famous Sams was EXCELLENT at accommodating a larger party (about 15). Kevin, Stan and Todd were beyond wonderful. No issues with the bills. Drinks were flowing and we had no complaints about the food. Overall, it was the perfect balance of a rowdy good time location. 100 thumbs up. :) and thank you to the staff!!!
3	Just ok tonight. Food is usually pretty good here  though the combo basket was a little underwhelming.  Food is always hot and good portions. Place was overly warm and beer could have been a lot colder. Service was pretty slow. Off night that's for sure.
3	They have some awesome bartenders. You'll always get your drink fast. . . . .wish the tv's were decent. Nice nice patio!
5	I absolutely love Famous Sam's!!!  It's the neighborhood hang out...  The service is great. They are fast and always willing to change something if you ask. The TVs can be improved, but I constantly pick Sam's for their service over other bars in the area with better TVs. Great place to enjoy food and drinks...
