4	Food was good as always. It was pretty busy all the available tables were dirty. Let manager know he cleaned a table for us right away. Then our food took longer than it should have to get out. I am giving 4 stars because even though there was issues the manager recognized it without us complaining and gave us free entree certificates and was very apologetic.
5	My first time at Smash. I got the classic with smash fries. Delicious. I might be a little more adventurous with my burger choice next time! Smash Fries were really good! Next time I'll try sweet potato. It was super busy. Service was fast and friendly and the place was nice and clean. Our food came out fast! I'll be back!!!
1	Very disappointed! My husband and mother went to go pick up burgers for dinner.. Since I am 9 months pregnant and not in the mood to go eat out somewhere. They ordered our food and brought it home. They neglected to  give them all of the orders and we didn't realize this until they got home. To top it off it was my order they left out! The milkshake we got basically was this... Flavored milk... And for charging $4 something for the Oreo chocolate shake that is unacceptable! So my husband is  enroute to go fix the issue meanwhile his dinner is getting cold! We tried to call the store and no one answers but it gives you an option to speak with headquarters.. What good will that do?! Ugh. Will most likely not be returning to this smash burger!
3	I decided to update my review and added 2 stars since the burgers were really good and they remade both my burger as well as my husband's since he's was going to be gross by the time he got back home. Still annoyed they didn't remake the shake that was basically flavored milk.. Won't be getting a shake from here again.. But will be back for the burgers!
2	Meh. Service was friendly.  The burger patty did not seem to have any seasoning. The haystack onion straws were good but served very greasy, the bottom half of the order was not edible due to the amount of oil.  Sweet potatoe fries were great. I did not find the product worth the price and would rather save a few bucks and go to In n' Out or spend a few more and go to a full service restaurant.
4	Awesome burgers and the rosemary fries are unique. The service is friendly and quick.
4	This place makes me sad because I almost like it more than In-N-out...it's soooo good! This place was clean and although fully staffed with youngin's they were doing their job and got our food out quickly. I'm always awkward about how to deal with trays but they make it a little less awkward to deal with since they came right away and took away our trash
4	""Because I'm Happy"... yep that song is blasting through my head right now!  I actually really love burgers at SmashBurger's and was thrilled that one just opened up on my end of town.  My son and I went for a norm and as usual.. they did not fail us!  This location just opened up a few weeks ago. .very nice inside and they are super fast and very friendly!  AND I just saw on their menu that they provide gluten-free as well!   I have a few different sandwiches I must try and report back as soon as possible.The only reason this is not a 5-star is because the parking is fierce. There are a lot of excellent eateries in this little area and it is packed!
5	Have been wanting to try this place out for some time now!  I had a smash burger $4.99 and the smash fries $1.99 and both were really good.  The smash fries are my favorite for sure, they are the skinny fries and they are made with olive oil and rosemary....VERY good!   there were four of us and we all had fries and burgers.  Two had the chocolate shake and they were quite delish as well.  The bill came to $35 prob cause the shakes alone were $4 each.  Compared to an in and out this was far better...IMO.
5	Solid food, as always. Everyone that works here was outgoing and humorous, making it an enjoyable experience.
1	Wow!  After all the great reviews we were so excited to try Smashburger.  What a disappointment.  My chicken mushroom sandwich was a greasy salt lick.  My husbands burger was also really salty and doesn't hold a candle to Habit Burger.  Over priced for what it is.  Fry's were very good.  Parking sucked.  We need a Habit Burger closer than I-10 and Ray Road.
4	Love the food.  My son devoured his burger so fast I'm not sure he even tasted it, lol.   Next time, I will get the dressing on the side.  Way too much was poured on my salad leaving the bottom looking like a bowl of soup but that was my fault.  I forgot to ask for the dressing on the side.  Will definitely come again.    Don't let the name fool you.  They have salads, shakes/malts, chicken sandwiches,  grilled cheese, hot dogs, chicken nuggets.  Black bean burgers.  Definitely well rounded.
4	Great food and service!  They cook their burgers and chicken fresh to order and you can tell the difference from all of the other competition. Well done smash burger!
4	First time at a Smashburger and it was one of the best burgers I've ever had. Close, but not better than In-N-Out. There were many ways to customize the burger but I just stuck with the original smashburger with smashfries. So good. The staff was super friendly. Very clean place and so busy--we were lucky a table opened up as soon as we finished ordering. TLooking forward to going back and trying something new! The only downside isn't really the restaurant's fault--the parking. It took a while to park...who puts Kneaders, Cafe Rio, Smashburger, Mod Pizza, Firehouse Subs, and Starbucks with so little parking? We did go on a Saturday night so that probably didn't help...but still...when you go, you will see how small the parking lot is. Definitely worth the wait for a spot though.
3	My 2nd time here. And the 2nd time they messed up my order. The cheeseburger is amazingly good, other I wouldn't come back. The menu is pretty confusing how there are no "meals". It took  3 tries to get my order ready and my haystack onions didn't come until I had finished my whole burger. The staff didn't seem to communicate well with one another, hence all the mistakes. The have gluten free buns but good luck trying to get one, they messed that up too.
5	I really like this place for many reasons. One main is that unlike another delicious burger place, you can order chicken! I'm sure it's not as healthy as I wish it were but it makes me feel a little better about eating fast food. The fries are delicious and the smash sauce is something to write home about (thinner thousand island?) bomb. I'm always coming back and this particular location is clean and quick with service
2	I had the avocado club regular burger with sweet potato fries and a vanilla shake. The burger needed some seasoning, fries were good and the shake was watery. Burger King shakes are much better. For the price, I'd rather go pick up a burger at Blue 32.
1	Yikes, very disappointed. Our first visit and our last.Pro's - Friendly staff, cleanCon's - Salty, salty, salty. Hamburgers, cheeseburgers, onion haystacks, fried    pickles were salty, salty, salty. Chicken Avocado Club  - chicken was pounded paper thin, couldn't even taste it. Only tasted the salty bun and lettuce.The parking lot isn't big enough to accomodate the 5 restaurants it services, 6 if you count Starbucks. So, don't waste your time. You'll get a better tasting meal at Burger King or Wendy's.
2	I was extremely disappointed. I've had better burgers at Wendy's and it was over $20 for 2 regular burgers, fries, and drinks. Also it was beautiful outside and we wanted to sit on the patio but 3 of the tables were dirty and the others were taken. These tables and others near us inside weren't cleaned the entire time we ate. I will not be back.
5	Most people only write reviews when they have bad things to say, but let me tell you this is quite the opposite....  From the moment we walk in, till we are walking out the door, it is a pleasant experience. We are always greeted with a friendly "HELLO" Welcome to Smashburger... Our order is taken in completeness and without stealing a phrase from someone else's place - Special orders don't upset them... I must say that Ashley and Chiara, are ALWAYS cheery and an enjoyable person to give our orders too. I also like the way that you see what you are ordering as you order so in case they misunderstood, (or I mess up my husband's burger, like I usually do) the correction can be fixed prior to the burger getting made.  You get the food the way you want and in a quick time. The burgers are done just right and are not greasy. I HATE when you are eating a burger and you have to have a napkin on your arm to keep the grease off your sleeves, but you don't have to worry about that here. The French fries and haystack onions are a great compliment to the burgers. We each order one or the other and then we get to share and have the best of both worlds. There is never a time that we are there that the friendly manager Adrian doesn't come through and check with each and every customer to make sure that the fullest satisfaction is what the customers are experiencing. Of course, it is written all over our faces because our mouths are stuffed with the delicious food.  We go there every week and sure do miss when something comes up on our usual Friday schedule, so we will make it there another night. One more thing. I am always telling my family back in New Hampshire about how great this is and my sister just came for a visit. Her plane landed at 3:56PM and we were at Smashburger by 5:15PM. Now she is very jealous that you don't have one near her. She said that it was ALL I have been telling her and was very happy to of gotten to go there. Thank you so much for having a place that is a lot of steps above Fast Food, yet still in the affordable range that we can go out and enjoy a great meal.  My advice to anyone that reads this and is thinking of going.....Don't hesitate.... Go and ENJOY.
5	We love Smash burger! Everyone was SO friendly. The food is always hot and fresh. Yes, its a little pricey for burger and fries, but i would rather pay for it here then Red Robin... It was a super busy friday night and I was SHOCKED at how fast our food was ready for 7! AND it was ALL correct! A staff member came to our table and asked if we would like to take a survey and enjoy a free order of fries on our next visit, I jumped in and said, " sure, if you can just read us the questions." We were all eating and up to our elbows in food... She said sure and stood there and read us the whole thing!! I will say, mapquest and my GPS still don't recognize this location... The only down side, like someone else commented the parking is HORRIBLE for so many restaurants in one TINY little strip mall.
2	2 srars for the onion rings, they were the only good thing. First let me say it was busy so that may be why it seemed so disorganized.  Had to ask for ice for the machine ( no biggie there). Then had to ask if they could clean one of the empty tables so we could sit. Table and condiments had crusted food on them even after cleaning (yuck). Order comes out wrong, had items on it that I had asked to be left off and meat was way undercooked. Bathrooms were nasty and out of TP. I didn't complain about any of it because I got the feeling that none of the kids working there would care much. If the burger had been good all could have been forgiven but it was just blah. Not returning.
1	So I was contacted by  Bobi L. From customer service the day after my first review of Smashburger. I was impressed, as I did not expect a response. I told Bobi that I thought it showed  customer service  actually  cared what customers  thought.  Bobi offered to send smashbucks so that we could try them again. I told Bobi that I did not write the review hoping for a free meal, but that  I would  send my address as requested  and try again. Needless to say, that was about a month ago and I have not heard a word since (and no smashbucks). Maybe it takes a while to process? was nice to be initially  contacted (but not since), I still can not see us going back.
5	I am a burger fan. And this is a good one. It is not too expensive for what you get and the flavors are what I expect out of my food. Buns are fresh and soft, cheese is real cheddar.
