4	I have lived in Tempe for 20 years and frequented Paul's for many of those.  The other night I had less-than-stellar customer service at the store location.  That said, within 2 hours of voicing my disappointment about the establishment, I was contacted by a family member who owns it.  She not only tried to make up for the issue, she really seemed to understand the importance of putting the customer first.  I thought some of the store personnel lacked in their customer service, and that is something I hate to see in a locally-owned business.  I like to frequent Paul's and others over the big boxes, but if the service isn't there, it makes it seem just on-par with the national guys.  I can say after this experience that this is a store with local roots that still treats its local customers well, and they quickly make up for any shortcomings.  Amazingly enough, they also seem to have a great selection of just about everything I'd expect in a hardware store -- despite the fact the location is small in comparison to a Home Depot.   Sometimes smaller is better, and in this case I'm convinced that's the case.  I'm glad to have Paul's as part of the neighborhood!
3	Definitely a smaller home repair place but it's in the neighborhood and very convenient. They have just enough. Prices are pretty good too.
5	i like this locoation simole beacause thay can cut glass and plexiglass and have a rental section.everybody is very helpful and knows there store pretty well.they have check in offers,love it,ok,other than that its a hardware store with popcorn,stay classy yelpers.,
4	Paul's Ace feels much more like a Mom and Pop shop than a big chain. I've gone in with questions about all sorts of varied things and have always walked away with a solid answer and money left in my pocket. I don't feel like I'm ever being up sold or nickel and dimed. The staff is welcoming, the ladies call be "hun" a lot and they have a good selection for their size. I like this place and would come here any day of the week over the bigger home improvement stores.
4	Very helpful staff.  Location was a little farther than the Home Depot.  After the Yelp coupon, the prices for the items that I purchased was on par with Lowest and Home Depot.  Those big box stores are OK.  However, I am trying to support the local economy.  With an adequate selection, friendly staff, and close location, I will continue to spend my money there.
4	This is my store, they have all the parts for my house (if you live in the area, you know how important it is to have parts that fit your house built in the 60's).I feel they are a little overpriced, but I save that in gas by not having to drive elsewhere. They do not have a garden department (to my chagrin), but generally everything else is there.
5	There is a reason I frequent Paul's Ace over the big names such as Home Depot or Lowes: the personalized assistance. Do the big name brands provide this? Yes, bit not at the same level Paul's Ace Hardware does in Tempe. If I need help, they are ready and willing to help me in every aspect of my project.The store manager Bras personally went out if his way to assist me in gathering all the materials I needed for my current project. He knows his store, bounced around to show me all options, and seemed to have recommendations on each project. This guy must love what he does because he knows everything in the store (or he is a constant do-it-yourselfer).I am always pleased with the help I receive and am thankful this place is in my neighborhood.
5	I do like this place a lot better then the big box stores. Very helpful and friendly here. I do volunteer work at an animal rescue around the corner and the folk's here have been very supportive whenever I've had a need.
