4	Another long day in Montreal but guess what, I made it downtown!!  This little out of the way Mexican restaurant with its attached quaint inn was just the thing to lift our spirits and fill our bellies tonight.  Dos margaritas por favor....rapido!  They were perfectly mixed, on the rocks, half salt - yum.  Next came the guacamole prepared table side....equally delish.  Main dishes for our little crew consisted of enchiladas, soft tacos and seviche.  All filling our desire for a bit of South of the Border fare.The dessert, like we needed it, was a perfectly chilled flan.  The bottom/top was just soaked with the wonderful almost burnt sugar...Loved it!I really liked the staff....they were attentive and made us feel oh so welcome.  This is a nice change of pace from all the ethnic offerings we passed along our route today.
2	I was looking forward to eating at Casa de Mateo. My friend and I were visiting Montreal and I mentioned the last time I ate at this restaurant was 12 years ago and it was totally awesome. We decided to have dinner one night and boy did things change. I must say I have never been so insulted. First, I speak Spanish fluently but I decided to speak English. The hostess, did not host, no one greeted us at the door- let's be clear Montreal closes early and when one decides to go to dinner at 9:30pm at night on a Saturday, it seems restaurants are not pleased. Second, one of the Mariachi band members (the old, short one with long hair) was down right insulting and racist. He made fun of us the moment we entered the restaurant because we spoke English, then because we are Asian and decided to mock us by singing a song about an Asian girl and trying to saying Hi in any Asian language and laughed! They sang even when we told them we did not want to be serenaded. The food was fine but I found a hair in the salsa. The general service was quick and efficient. Our waiter was friendly and nice. However, the distasteful Mariachi had made me lose my appetite. I will never go to this restaurant again especially if management/owner continues to hire singers that taint the restaurant in this manner. Coming from NYC where Mexican food is found at every street corner, from budget to upscale. This restaurant was a disappointment both in courtesy and ambiance with average Mexican food.
4	Table side made guac?  Yes, please!  Guac for two was more like guac for 6-8 (our table of three ate MAYBE half).  Awesome, perfect amount of spice.  I had nachos that were super yummy and service was perfect.  Was able to speak Spanish in this French speaking country with my English speaking American accent, which was fun.  Great ambience in great Old Montreal location.  Awesome service as well.  Highly recommend.
2	service was good; drinks were good and reasonably priced. The food was not good at all; edible at best.  If you live in the states, the chicken fajitas tasted like the chicken you would get at sarku japan at a mall.  Not worth the $100 dollar tab!!!
3	It was A-Okay.A safe choice in a city where Mexican food might not be the normIt was also very convenient for our stay in old Montreal, to walk a few blocks along the cobblestone streets and see the live music and band go table-to-table.We were hungry and ordered the eggplant appetizer, which was tasy but VERY small, and overpriced... but IT IS montreal.we also ordered shrimp fajitas for two and it was also very nice...it was definitely fresh.... guac was tastytheir salsa seemed very different... possibly because it came from a Oxauca (sp???) region, seemed FILLED with chipotle... but had a smoky taste my husband liked a lot...we spent around 50-60 on dinner with tip for two... ended up not being so bad with the price..
1	Terrible
5	Found this place by accident, but wow what a find.  It look like a touristy, cheasy, mexican restaurant in Old Montreal, and it is.  However, the food is really good, the service was amazing, and the drinks were awesome.  Even the Mariachi singers were ridiculously good.  I usually pay those guys to stay away, but these guys were so good we had them play 4 songs.  Really fun  place.  Our two young girls loved it as well.  Enjoy.
2	Had the yearning for Mexican food. All I can say is, "Been there, done that, don't ever need to go back. "
3	Great liitle mexican restaurant in the heart of old port Montreal.  Unique (this it has roasted eggplant in it)  spicey salsa, good guacamole, and frozen drinks.  We stayed at the hotel upstairs. Say hello to Fanny, she runs the place and adds a friendly touch to everything.
3	Good Mexican in Old Montreal.  Fun atmosphere...although for some reason they play bad pop instead of tex-mex or Mexican
2	The food was ok (nothing great) but the service was terrible.  I would give the food 3.5 stars.
