4	Luv the fact that u can make any burger low carb.  I like the six dollar burger  it's 1/2 lb Blk angus beef, and with the broiled flavor it's awsome IMHO better then in&out protein burger and not as crowded :)
5	I flew in from LA and felt like hitting a familiar spot. This Carl's is by far the cleanest, most hospitable fast food spot I've been too. It's a refreshing change from the scummy Carls Jr of LA.
5	I went here and I recieved my food hot and quick I was out within 6 minutes with a 6 person order. The food was hot and we had no problems with our order.
2	I went in at about 4:30 this morning to pick up a couple of Double Western Bacon Cheeseburgers to go.  That's what I asked for, that's what the guy repeated to me and charged me for, and that's how they were labeled on the wrapper.  When I got them home, they were single Western Bacon Cheeseburgers.  Looks like these folks need watching.
5	Met the owner of this chain in one of the other locations once. Nice guy and it shows in the restaurants. Staff is always more than friendly, quick personal service that you would hope to find in other "sit down" eateries. Expectations are always exceeded for me at this location and it is why I pass others to go to this spot.  The $5.00 Big Carl Combo is the best deal in town and the service is icing on the cake.
5	I like the Breakfast Burgers, it's like breakfast and lunch on the same sandwich. Nice egg, bacon and taters all together in a hamburger will keep you going all day long. Really fast drive thru service and the people are prompt and friendly. There are lots of Carls Jr.s in town, but this is the best. Even the graveyard crew is on the ball no matter what the hour. You can tell they are well trained here, not like the store in North Las Vegas by the 215, that place is the worst!
1	I worked right next to this place a month ago and they COULD NOT listen, anytime I wanted a burger with no onions they would charge me extra and put extra onions on it. This place really grinded my gears.
5	WOW- Just saw a crazy lady shaking a sign for biscuits at Carls jr~!Got one and it was goooooood!
3	Been a long time since I have been in a Carl's. Again a chain and to be honest a bit pricey for fast food, but what-ch-gonna-do?Burger was decent, fries were ok as well.This store is clean and the person at the counter did bring our order, and introduce herself, humm..
2	I can't believe I keep getting tricked into eating here. Their advertising money is well spent it draws me in time and time again. I ordered the famous star special and there was nothing special about it. The hockey puck burger patty mixed with the wilted veggies just did not work. Two stars is being generous.
