3	i cannot belive this place has not been reviewed this is a smalltown cafe with great and some times tweeky service not bad service just tweeky help but the breakfast here are very  good standard breakfast fair the interior is old cowboy john wayne/gene aughtrey kind of kitch fun breakfast place
3	There really isn't much to say about this place. It has decent food, the onion rings were better then most places. The place is based on the wild west. The waiters were really nice and funny.Go to restroom too^^. I know it sound weird but they have alot of cool stuff on the way there.
4	A great restaurant with a diverse menu and home cooked food.  They have all of the traditional menu items but try the polish sausage or the chicken liver omelette.  This is down home cooking the old western way.  NEVER thought I'd eat the above but I did and I like them.  They also have an old west photo studio.  This is a very good restaurant that I enjoy!
2	When in Wickenburg, there's not a heck of a lot to choose from. This place did the job, but i wouldn't be back again. I got the veggie burger and potato salad. The veggie burger was "ok" but the potato salad was pretty bad. I took a few bites and left the rest. The staff was friendly and accommodating, but the atmosphere left a lot to be desired. This place is just a very basic, no frills cafe. I wish Wickenburg had more to offer.
4	LOVED the 'Western / Cowboy" ambience / style of the place, great menu selections of simple fare at very reasonable prices, excellent service. A little dilapidated or 'character added' but don't allow that to deter you.
1	This place was right off the main street and looked like it might have been promising. The restaurant was decorated in a country style which is ok but it was kind of dingy.  The booths were very worn and it just didn't look well kept. I had the guacamole cheeseburger with fries and it looked like I could have made it from home. The burger was under cooked, the so called cheddar was nothing more than a kraft single and the guacamole tasted like it came out of a bag. The fries looked like they came out of the frozen section from the super market. The food was sad and unimpressive. The service was ok and the people seemed friendly enough. All in all this place was a disappointment and I will be skipping it next time.
3	This is a very popular place with the older crowd who are in the RV camps nearby on a Sunday morning.  The cowboy decor and decorations in the place are great to look at but it is a bit of a tight squeeze in there! Breakfast for four of us came to around $35 so it is a reasonable place to eat and the service was very good.  I had my usual eggs and bacon and it was good other than the bacon was a bit overcooked, still tasty but kinda hard.  We all left there sated so that's a good thing too.
5	My family and I come here every Saturday morning. We really appreciate the service spinach omelette and the other tasty food. It is quite popular with bikers.
5	Quaint old west feel. Great service, very friendly. Clean! We had a veggie omelet and spinach omelette, both were great! First breakfast in Wickenburg. We may pass through again, just to come here for breakfast!
4	I asked some folks coming out of the cafe...how is the breakfast here. They explained that they've tried all the places in town and now always come here. The complimented the food...and then raved about the staff - "Good people."My experience...matches their description. Fast, friendly service. The food was simple...and good. The decor is worn western. I love local, quirky, no frills places like this - especially when the people are so nice.
4	I had breakfast here in this smallish cafe on a weekend.  The ambiance is old time western cowboy, and everything was clean and presentable. Service was fast, friendly, and attentive. I had the breakfast combo: 2 pancakes, 3 pieces of nice crispy bacon, and 2 eggs, with coffee, all under $10. Refills on the coffee were plentiful. My order was filled within a reasonable time, and nicely prepared and presented. The pancake syrup was in a warmed squeeze container. The patron mix seemed to be mostly local folks, along with bikers and visitors. There is plenty of street parking, and bikers can often pull up right in front.This is my best experience of the cafes that I've been to here so far, and I plan to return again.
