4	This store is in between my job site and my girlfriends restaurant; I wish I hadn't found it and that I'm not such a sweetie who likes to surprise my woman because now I'm expected to bring that perfect bouquet every time I go visit her store.I was told It was graduation time and it would take a few hours to make an arrangement. The florist could tell I was unhappy with that and suggested I look in the cabinet.Selection was limited in the cabinet but they had a few moderately priced arrangements I liked. I took one with me and the fragrance is still clinging to the leather in my car five hours later. I had two different ladies stop me as I entered my GFs store and they both asked what I had done to need to buy such a beautiful set of flowers. After I thanked then and explained I had just bought them because I love my girlfriend. They both accused me of lying and said "you don't have to tell me what you did. Just know the flowers are amazing and whatever horrific thing you did will surely be forgiven"The girlfriend was floored by the flowers. Her employees were super jealous and everyone I walked by with those flowers were similarly impressed with them. I will be back!
5	I went to a twisted tulip after going to other florists that said they could not help me. The florist and her assistant were great and helpful. They were able to meet my budget for my small wedding.  I will be picking up my flowers today and I'm hoping that they will be beautiful.
5	It is more than clear that there is a genuine passion for what they do at A Twisted Tulip & I couldn't be happier. I am stationed in Jacksonville, FL and wanted to do something nice for my now long distance girlfriend back home in Las Vegas. I had ordered an arrangement from A Twisted Tulip before because my girlfriend had mentioned they were her favorite & I had liked how that one had turned out a lot. But for valentines day the ladies at a twisted tulip went so far above and beyond. They picked a group of roses every day for a month & would send me pictures so that I could pick one, every day they would wait for me to text them a note to go along with the rose & then they delivered it to my girlfriends door. They took so much care in picking beautiful roses & in all the extra effort and care they put into this they have most definitely made me a loyal customer. It was the little things like drawing a picture on the notes, or making a beautiful arrangement to go along with a rose because her birthday fell within the month, they went out every day and put so much effort into a very small act it was awesome to see. Ashley & Tammy at a twisted tulip went  far above and beyond what I asked for & did it in a way that made me truly respect their passion for making people smile. In no way did I pay an arm and a leg for any of this & I think that is what has me so happy with this business, they started off by not turning my unreasonable request away, they followed it up by charging me a so much more than fair amount, and then they followed through with a quality I couldn't be happier with. Outstanding flowers & wonderful people.TL;DR  Get flowers here!
5	The Twisted Tulip created 12 bouquets for a celebration at my salon this week, and they were stunning!  I requested BRIGHT colored flowers to fit the theme of the party, and they definitely delivered more than I was hoping for! They helped really finish the look of all my displays.Pricing was very fair, and the flowers were beautiful and fresh! I will be continuing business here whenever I need flowers again!
1	I went to buy flower today for my moms birthday Big mistake . Customer service was horrible , the flowers even worse. I hope this to girls get fired from the owner of this hole . They try to over charge me and they very very mean and rude to me . Never go there again! You guys sucks !
2	Hope the flowers I ordered come out beautifully because I had a bad customer service experience in the store. The florist could not be bothered to help me choose an arrangement and had her friend who didn't work there taking my order. I felt rushed. It was a generally bad experience ----hoping the flowers are PHENOMEMAL or else I definitely would NOT recommend this place.
