4	If you're looking for a sweet and fabulous cocktail dress or lovely, special item for a date, Petal is a solid choice. When Petal first opened I was taken aback by the open, airy space but also by the prices. At first blush, this store didn't offer much under $150-$200 besides accessories. Yet, over time, Petal has begun to bring in a more varied selection that appeals to a wider, stylish market. While they still offer the $300-$450 cocktail dresses, they also showcase a variety of merchandise in the $75-$100 range. Plus, if you can catch them on a sale day, it's worth a trip.Brand wise, you'll find upscale brands like Shoshanna, Amanda Uprichard, Alice & Trixie, Frock by Tracy Reese, James Jeans, Anlo and Citizens for Humanity. As mentioned, they have begun to add more affordable pieces from Greylin and LA Clothing. You'll also spy a handful of accessories and handbags scattered about in a range of prices. Overall I like Petal and I know I'll saunter back in, even if just to take in the lovely dresses and stunning tops they have on display. Here's hoping they continue to add in more variety with price points!
5	This is one of my favorite places to shop!! I love everything at Petal from their clothes to the jewelery and accessories. The back of the store is where I shop :) $100 and under. The front of the store is pricier but has some really nice stuff. Petal also has frequent sales and fun events
2	I like to think of Petal has "hit or miss."  Lately it has been a miss.  I feel like I can try on like 6-10 things and nothing will work- it won't fit right, too see through, etc.Also, every time I am in there I feel rushed in the dressing room.  They are constantly trying to take things out (I assume for shoplifting reasons).  But I hate feeling so rushed.
5	I LOVE PETAL!They are not one of those boutiques that have the same things as everyone else. I love that they have the high end items, as well as the items that are affordable for just about everyone.The girls that work there are so sweet and helpful.
