1	Michaud Law Office treated my elderly parents terribly. Ms. Michaud came to my parents' home to set up estate planning. My mother has stage IV cancer, and, unfortunately, my parents waited too long to compose wills, advanced health care directives, and other aspects of estate planning.She arrived and she took lots of notes. She promised to have the documents prepared with about a week. She called and said she was ill and had to reschedule.  Okay being sick is understandable. However, at the time of the second meeting, she called just a bit before she was due to arrive.She told my parents her computer was down, and that she would call later that afternoon with an update.She never called. Instead of calling her, we waited. Now, two months later, still no call.Ms. Michaud came highly recommended. It's a shame she never followed through. I wanted to warn anyone who wanted to use her for estate planning that she was completely unreliable in our situation.Maybe for others she is more professional. Just a heads up.Too bad for my mother. She has to now find another attorney to help plan her end-of-life financial decisions.A terrible and unfortunate experience.
5	I worked with Ms. Michaud on my family estate planning and business contracts and found her to be knowledgable, proactive and a good communicator. I have been very happy with the quality of her work and will continue to work with her in the future.Regards
5	Alexis is amazing, felt like I was talking to an actual person versus a stuffy attourney. I brought my grandparents in to do estate planning and she was so patient and explained things in such a relatable way. I will be referring anyone who needs these kinds of services! And very affordable!
5	Alexis came highly recommended to me from a friend that has used her services in the past,so my mother & and i had our first consultation with Alexis at her office it went smooth & painless, after leaving the office my 83 yr old mother told me she felt comfortable with her so after a couple weeks we met for our second & final consultation she had everything handled & completed as promised...It was an enjoyable & good experience...Thank you for the great service.....
