4	I love NoDa!!  The arts district is starting to come into it's own and in the heart of the arts district is Wine Up. When I'm in town, I go to listen to poetry and Jazz. There's plenty of seating and It's great for a girls night or a big group of friends. The talent that performs here is top notch too!
4	I really appreciate the environment that Wine Up is trying to establish. I think it's not quite there yet, but it's on the way...and Charlotte needs a soul still. Places like Wine Up and all its NoDa sisters and brothers are helping Charlotte grow its own flavor.I've been for a couple of poetry shows and open mics, and the talent was alright...nothing earth-shattering, but nothing embarrassing, either. The drinks were a little pricey, but nobody hustled me when I only drank one drink all night. The poetry shows that I've seen have generally had a pretty heavy-handed political overtone, which is interesting in many ways, but I prefer a poetry show with a little more subtlety. I'm spoiled...I spent some time at the Nuyorican when I was in graduate school, so I'm a little bit of a snob about my spoken word. Overall, though, Wine Up was a pleasant surprise to find in the middle of Charlotte.
4	Have a late night date? Go here to see the poetry slam, the Bassments jam, the atmosphere will satiate.I have been here once. People told me it would be a culture-shock, but I found only a culture-mmmm at this establishment. A friend of mine's band was playing that evening in between poetry readings, and the place was packed. After a few performances, it became apparent why. People who are exceptional at music and freestyle gravitate towards this place, and the crowd, in turn, gravitates towards them. Drinks were moderately priced, cover was a modest $5. Friendly crowd. Seating was a little scarce, but that's what happens at a good show. Bartender was a little crotchety, but I've seen worse. Really, there wasn't anything disappointing about this place, and I had a great time. I'd like to go back soon, but many of their venues start at 102 Call me an old lady, but I like to be tucked away in bed on my weekdays.
5	I've only  been here to see Improv Charlotte, but I absolutely love the space. LOVE. Especially that you have to walk up the stairs to get in. It kind of feels like a super secret thing (well, except for the sign...a dead giveaway).Oh, and they serve wine. Boom.*Note, it's now called Upstage.
