4	It's dunkin donuts. Whats to say?  decent selection of food but why did they have to remove trans fats?  now the taste of everything has taken a dive to sucksville.  their chocolate now tastes like "mocklate."
2	My drink got passed over because they were to busy talking. When I did ask if they had a hot cholate I didn't get an answer. One minute later she threw down a hot cholate like it was such a bother to make a drink they forgot.
2	This location is tolerable, at best.Since it is the only walking distance game in town for coffee when I stay in Dormont, I come here frequently. Every time I come, something is slightly off. On my last visit, the "manager", a young loudmouth girl, yelled to the fella taking my order, RIGHT as I was ordering "you better start moving your ass!". Then, when my egg white and cheese on an English muffin arrived, it was frozen inside. I asked if they could heat it up (the before mentioned fellow you was told to move his ass), did just that and made me a new one. This one was also cold.Does America Run on Dunkin? Perhaps, and in many cases, I do as well. But this location needs to be classed up a bit, starting with the staff!
2	Pretty dead location, inside, and outside. One girl at the register was okay, paying attention to customers, another girl filling the donut boxes looked like she's been whipped by sprinkles, and could care less.
2	While I freely admit that I stop in on a regular basis, I can't say that I love this Dunkin' Donuts.The size and location of this Dunkin' Donuts are the sources of its biggest downfalls. Parking before you even arrive in the store itself can often be an outright pain since the lot in front of this shop is incredibly tiny; the store itself - which is one of several in this particular block - is not that spacious, which creates two problems. One is that a lot of people are often bumping into each other during the morning since Dunkin' Donuts is a popular chain; the other is that there is literally no room for more than two or three employees to move around behind the registers and in the bakery. The result is an often chaotic mess of customers that moves incredibly slowly because the shop is always understaffed. There's just no space available to accommodate either the employees or the public.Aside from the space issues, I've often spotted problems with the quality of the food here, too. I do NOT recommend getting anything other than donuts here, since those are a lot harder to screw up - my experience with their breakfast sandwiches is always the same: they're burned, dry, and rather tasteless.I admittedly keep coming back because this location is close enough to my home that I don't have to go out of my way when I'm craving a Pittsburgh Kreme donut. But I've given up on ever eating anything else here that I'd consider edible, and I've learned to steer clear any day that the parking lot here is full - because when it is, everyone's waiting to be served in the Dunkin' Donuts!
3	The only thing different between locations is the service... While usually nice, the service at the West Liberty location is dreadfully slow due to being understaffed at peak hours.  Why, on Rt. 19, a main artery into downtown, would you have only 2 or 3 people working at 7:00 am?
4	This Dunkin has everything you would expect from any Dunkin Donuts location. Lacks a Drive Thru window though and the parking lot is awkward so it's not the easiest to get in and out of but once again, it's tolerable and gets the job done for your need your coffee fix!
2	Worst Dunkin' Donuts I've been to, but it is very close to where I live. I would not get anything other than a donut and coffee here, the bagels and sandwiches are horrible!
