3	This is a a brand new flea market located off of Nations Ford Rd just 3 blocks from Westinghouse Blvd in the former Mecklenburg Lumber Company Building.With over 70,000 Sq ft of retail space, this is bound to have a lot of potential.Just opened last week, so the vendors are still new and the crowds, well this is why I am yelping, to get the word out that this is the newest flea market in town.Since Trader Marc's closed a little over 2 months ago, this place has potential.NCFoodGuy
5	I went here over labor day weekend and was pleasantly surprised at how nice the space is. There weren't only vendors selling collectibles and antiques but there was also a good selection of name-brand clothing, furniture, and household necessities for dirt cheap.  I will definitely be going back to stock up on Halloween candy from the candy store on site.The owner said they receive new shipments of clothing and accessories at least once a month, so I'll definitely be visiting this place again in the very near future.
5	The Queen Bee Flea Market really embodies what a flea market should be.  I have been multiple times and walked out with some great finds every time... My last trip, I walked out with an antique lamp, a very old, solid chest, and a great unique black table...all for next to nothing!  The owner was very helpful in pointing me in the directions of what I was looking for.  It is also indoor so it was nice to be able to pull up on the loading dock inside to load the car up since it was raining. I will definitely be going back!
5	This place is awesome! Fair prices, fun, and lots of selection. Best to arrive early place clears out by noon mostly. Has lots of snack vendors and  baked goods too. Has something for everyone.
5	BEST flea market close near by!!! Charlottes best kept secret.   Great place for collectibles,  furniture & a little bit of everything under one roof.   So Clean! This place has better prices than sleepy poet.  Real people real prices!!!  Open weekends 8-4.  Awesome flea market!!
1	Ughhh... What a dump. When I found out this place was a flea market, i wanted to head down and check it out. Sorely disappointed in what I found. It looked like I walked into a yard sale. And not a good yard sale, the kind of yard sale were they might have gone dumpster diving and are trying to sell someone else's cast off's. I guess you would call it more an antique mart, but It was more trash than hidden treasure. Will not be visiting again. If you want a flea market, head up to Webb Rd Market by Salisbury. Now that's a flea market.
