3	This is actually a "Holiday Inn Laval Montreal" hotel, at least that's what you will see as its name and logo - so if you'll drive by looking for "Radisson", it may be confusing.The hotel itself is a reasonably good business destination. I would not recommend it for a personal travel purposes - price tag corresponds to a corporate wallet.Rooms are rather smallish, but everything is clean and (mostly) working. All the services are standard - no surprises, no value adds. Staff speaks English and is helpful. Parking is outside only - good enough for a corporate rental.There is a really nice little sport bar in the same block, and Cosmodome (Space Exploration Museum) nearby. Also lots of shopping malls and restaurants around - within a long walk or short drive distance.Major highways crossing is right in front of you, so driving to Montreal or elsewhere is easy and immediate, just don't forget a GPS if you are driving in Quebec for a first time.
3	Decent hotel, staff is helpful, decor is ok. Stayed here a week for work. Not a bad place to stay at for work. Some good restaurants close by. Don't bother going to the restaurant inside the hotel. Beds were too firm for me, and my co workers also thought the beds in their rooms could have been better. Good parking, we had a semi tractor with our vehicles and had no problem parking that every night.
1	We were treated very bad in This hotel tonight. Manager was not on premises and said over the phone that she won't give us nonsmoking room because we purchased the room on Priceline. The only room they offered us was smoking room which smelled so bad that there was no way we could breath in it all night. We arrived between 10-11 pm and they couldn't care less. The nonsmoking rooms were for guests who purchased directly supposedly for a higher price. The nonsmoking rooms stood empty while we had to look for another hotel. The experience was truly awful. I never experienced such treatment and such bad customer service. This was pure discrimination. If there was a possibility of reversing star rating than I would give this hotel negative 5 stars.
