5	This review is for my fantastic realtor, Christine Newport who really knows here stuff when it comes to short sales.  I just closed on my home in Sonoran Mountain Ranch at 67th Ave north of Happy Valley.  I did tons of research on realtors before choosing Christine since I knew the market was changing so much and I refused to use someone that did not have TONS of short sale experience.  I would have a friend of mine that worked at a title company confirm when a realtor would say that he/she closed several homes over the past year.  Many times they were lying!  Christine had more than 40 home closings in the past year when we signed up for her services and it really does show.  She has a background in law and uses that to her advantage.  I have heard many horror stories about friends that couldn't close because their inexperienced realtor made a fatal error and doing so caused the home to go into foreclosure.  She also made all the phone calls to BOTH of my banks, that's right, I had Chase as my second and a small bank called Colonial for my first and she was able to get this done just inside 6 months.  I never worried about what she was doing or how she was handling things because she always sent me emails to keep me in the loop.  If you are considering a short sale, I highly recommend contacting an attorney first then call Christine next!http://christinenewport.com/
1	Stay away from Patti Wells! of Realty Executives Arrowhead Ranch.  Patti will come in and present a wonderful plan of selling your house.  She then "cons" a person into a staging fee stating, "it will help get more for the house".  Once she has a signed contract and the stager has money in hand she slaps a sign in the front yard and walks away from an overpriced house.  The only calls you will get are people who see the sign in the yard, if your lucky she will show the house and say, "I found the buyer", the truth of course is "the buyer found her".  She then forgets quickly that she is the "sellers" agent and strictly represents the buyer, telling the seller to "throw in the patio furniture, and yes...even a counter top microwave.  Come time for the appraisal she is "to busy" and leaves the owner to fen for themselves after the owner tells her they have absolutely no experience with any appraiser, thus winding up with an appraisal that is lower then you can imagine.  Of course, Ms. Wells see's nothing wrong with that and when asked to reduce her commission by even $1K  she states, "small bones" whatever the heck that means.  When it comes to writing up a contract you better check the address she enters in each area, she used three addresses when it came to me and gave the escrow company my neighbors address.  I have no idea what paperwork is being sent as I'm sure my neighbor who is great is tired of asking the postal person to deliver it across the street.  Then, when she has to process paperwork, she will ask you to sign a one page document "agreeing to the terms of the contract"...but does not attach any contract.  She then holds things up so the seller runs low on time to put in an offer and purchase another house.  It took me to get her broker involved and we are still not across the finish line.  There are a thousand and one plus realtors in Phoenix, If you hear the name Patti Wells, don't walk away, RUN!  I asked that the box be removed from my house because I did not even want her in my house (she was not showing it anyway), she sent her husband and had I not been home (I work) heaven knows where the key would have been left so anyone could have picked it up.  It's nice to know she had no concern about my safety, my families safety or my personal belongings.  It is clear that although she is the first to say, "I'm in the premier group", the reason is probably because the grabs contracts under false representation and dumps properties as cheap as she can acting like the seller should be grateful.  Clearly, this is not the type of realtor you want, I'm a positive person and it take a lot to make me upset and write a review like this but, I really find it distasteful to see a person take about $8K of my money, treat me like crap, not do their job while all the time telling themselves what a wonderful person they are.  Stay away from Patti Wells!!!
1	I wish i never found this company.This is without doubt the most difficult and unhelpful management company out there, Michael, the owner is rude, abusive, arrogant and downright doesn't care.Never believe what he tells you, always get it in writing
