5	Amber is AMAZING!  She really went above and beyond to insure I got the look I was wanting with my eyelashes.  There are so many people doing eyelash extensions now that should not be, but from the moment I got on the phone with her (after being referred to her by another eyelash artist that could not fit me in).  She was able to answer all of my questions and made me very at ease.  Her treatment room is very comfortable, clean, calming and inviting.  One thing I will tell you, if you go to have your eyelashes done and you are not relaxed; you have gone to the wrong person!  With Amber, you will always feel relaxed and comfortable and if at any time you do not - just let her know and she makes the necessary adjustments so you do.  I walked away with the most beautiful and "sassy" lashes any classy lady would want.  I HIGHLY recomend Amber AND her services!! P.S.  If you love dogs...she is a dog lover too!  :)  I am a big dog lover...so once I found out after I was at my apt she was too -- I knew my intuition served me right.  Any person that loves dogs is good people in my book! Thanks again Amber for my first eyelash AMAZING experience!!
5	I moved back from Vegas to Phoenix and was desperate to find a true professional lash artist.  Lots of amateurs here in Phoenix/Scottsdale.  Amber is AMAZING!  I wouldn't trust anyone else.
5	I decided to invest in lashes again, because I heard Amber was different.  I have had severe allergic reactions to lashes in the past.  I am so glad I tried Amber.  She is by far the Best!  I am actually forgetting I have lashes, because they feel so natural.  I am so happy!  I have already referred Amber to friends and family.  Amber is very talented and I am so glad I now know where to go.
5	Finally! Someone in the valley who is able to give me natural looking lashes instead of super long, thick spidery looking things. Amber aims to please. It took a couple of tries since most people usually don't ask for natural when doing this, but she was able to work with me to achieve the look that I wanted. No one has ever asked me if I have lash extensions on. They look THAT good!
1	This business is closed, take it off your site
