5	Found this hotel at a special rate on hotels.com - 2 Bedroom/2 Bathroom Suite with a full kitchen (pots/pans/dishes/tea bags provided) for a mere $150 night, on a weekend!  Comfy beds.  Asked for extra towels and received them in minutes.  I was pleasantly surprised to find out that the hotel is within stumbling distance to bars/lounges.  This also translates into a noisy night, so if you want tranquility, ask for a room further away.  I was going to deduct a star because a thong (of the underwear variety) mysteriously appeared on the bedroom floor (no girl claimed it).  So unless one of the males secretly likes lacy undergarments, they were left by the previous occupant.  Icky, yes? I had to give the star back though, because their complimentary "continental" breakfast included eggs, waffles, sausage, bagels, toast, fruit, cereals, and a variety of juices definitely provided the fuel that I needed  to survive the 6 hour trek home to L.A.  I would definitely stay here again!
5	I got the room for $79 a night.  When I walked in, it looked like I should've been paying $129 a night at least.  Great room (bedroom separate from living room and kitchen area).  No problems whatsoever with the room.  Glad they had a "market" near the front desk (I puchased bottled water and ice cream, both charged to the room).  Had trouble printing out my boarding pass in the business center, but they were kind enough to print it at the front desk.  Never got a chance to eat breakfast here, but if the reviews below hold true, I might just do that on my next visit.  I wish they had more than two pieces of equipment in their gym, but I survived with a good 60 minute bike workout.  So close to a lot of restaurants and shops (which I could not enjoy also because of work).  Great deal and I'm glad I'm a Hyatt Gold Member (sign up on the Hyatt website).  Bottom line - what a deal for such a great room and good service.
5	Dude. King size beds, full-blown kitchen, two TVs, more couches than I know what to do with, FREE HAPPY HOUR Monday through Thursday, FREE BREAKFAST every morning, central pool and hot tub, free wi-fi...need I say more? Of course, I bill my stays completely to my company. It's pretty pricey if you don't book way ahead of time, I'm sure (my corporate travel lists it at $160/night), but if you find a sweet deal or can mooch off that corporate card, BY ALL MEANS DO IT!!!
3	We stayed here last weekend, during the height of spring break. This is very convenient for walking to all kinds of shopping, dining and entertainment. The Spring Training Baseball facility for the SF Giants is right around the corner.Our room was a one bed-room suite, very spacious, nicely laid out with a complete kitchen.The entire property is sprawling, has a large condo complex feel to it. The entry way into your rooms is open to the outside, not the most secure feeling. If you're bringing heavy luggage prepare for a hike to the upper floors  they don't have elevators. They have a week night late afternoon/early evening complimentary refreshment/snack time. In the morning they offer a free buffet breakfast - cereal, fruit, juice, pastries and a rotation of eggs & sausage. Food is served in a big dining hall and can get rather hectic. This common building  includes a computer room(nice with a number of desktops/printer), work out area and small sundries shopping area.For a more traditional hotel experience you have Hyatt Place across the street.
5	for the price? awesome. got a two bed suite to share with a golf buddy and we had too much of everything.  too many couches, pillows, you name it.  free breakfast, free parking, free internet, you name it.  i loved it.  oh.. and the suites have kitchens so that was a nice touch.  and its close to walking to everything ..if it isnt too hot!
5	I have to preface: If I were staying here for less than a week, there would be one less star. But I stayed here for 3 weeks and when I consider the bigger picture, this place was near-perfect. I also stayed here in the height Summer, and secured a $79/night seasonal rate. For that price, this place is literally 5-stars! My only qualm is that the quality of my bed was lower than desired as I do keep a nice memory foam bed at home ;). As a rule of thumb, Hyatt Summerfield Suites is my companies long-term corporate housing of choice in Scottsdale. They offer apartment like living quarters in a very central location. Service is great, and they have some unique amenities that make long-term housing a little easier: full kitchens, walk-in closets, sofa-beds for guests, weekday breakfast bar, weekday happy hours with apps, as well as the typical hotel amenities. If you need to stay somewhere for 2+ weeks, and don't have an unlimited budget, consider Summerfield!
2	Pros: Location, staff, has kitchenCons: Smell, cleanliness, photos misrepresent age of unitDid my reservation through hotels.com an picked the place because of the photos, price and reviews, however was very disappointed with the smell and cleanliness of the unit. Found a dead cockroach under the kitchen sink, stains on the comforter, and clumps of someone elses hair in the towels. It was so disturbing that I canceled the reservation early and moved to another hotel. I will say the staff was very friendly and understanding of the situation and waived the cancellation policy.
5	Do you LOVE good deals? Do you LOVE a hotel which offers rooms to sleep up to 8 people, including a full kitchen? How about a hotel which includes a free hot breakfast every morning, freshly baked cookies in the afternoon, a pool area, and workout room?The price was DEFINITELY right for our bachelorette party, and the location couldn't be beat. We were just block away from all the downtown action of Scottsdale. I would definitely suggest this hotel to all of my friends. Friendly and helpful staff!
4	This hotel is amazing! The staff is very friendly, it's very  clean and it has wide space for a hotel room, nice swimming pool with a heated pool. They have free breakfast and free dinner:) and it's pretty much near with everything you need: mall, restaurants and bars:)
5	We had the two bedroom, two bath suite. It was quiet, clean, and great amenities. The front desk staff has excellent customer service skills. We were told that there will be renovations to upgrade this already fine place. Loved the easy breakfast and fun happy hour that is complementary.
4	Nice stay, staffs are wonderful, free internet, breakfast every day and best of all, from Monday to Thursday evenings, free drinks.
5	Easily the best hotel I've ever stayed at ever been 2 a hotel that full kitchen 3 bathroom a ton. Of pools
3	I recently stayed here on a Saturday night after a long day/night out of partying in Old Town. The front desk staff was friendly, they have a bar in the lobby, and the rooms are clean and modern. Now keep in mind that if you are in before 2am you will be hearing the loud music from the nearby clubs. So if you're looking for a quiet place to stay, look elsewhere. Looking for a hotel that is a great location for a night out in Old Town Scottsdale and reasonably priced? Look no further, you found it!I recommend looking for deals on hotels.com for this hotel since they seem to often run specials there. This hotel used to be called Hyatt Summerfield Suites, but switched to Hyatt House around January 20, 2012.
3	Wonderful suites with living room, bedroom, and separate bathroom.  They are basically one bedroom apartment units. Very nice design and comfortable, however out of the multiple times I have stayed here a few times the A/C was not "up to par" in the particular unit.
4	This was a very, very reasonable deal at $88 per night! Located just Scottsdale dale Rd on Drinkwater, the hotel is convenient to the old town section of Scottsdale. The rooms are suites with a sitting area, small kitchenette, separate bedroom and half bath---shower only. There's free breakfast just off the lobby, but you truly get what you pay for.Parking is free and the hotel is several blocks from the World Champion Giants Spring Training Stadium. From a location perspective, runners will enjoy the Arizona Canal run down the trails above Priest Rd. I had 3 rooms for my works people and 1 person scored with a double suite. 2 bedrooms and 2 baths, plus the sitting area and kitchenette. While this was larger than her Bay Area condo, it's a great option for a family with children.Great service!
5	Two room suite very comfortable. Love the full kitchen with a table.
4	I've stayed here several times when traveling for business.  The staff is always very friendly and courteous.  The rooms are clean and comfortable and the complimentary hot breakfast is a nice treat.  The rooms are suites so you have plenty of space to move about.  Great location near Old Town and many restaurants.
4	GREAT place to stay!!  Our room was very quiet and hotel grounds were very clean.  We stayed 3 nights over spring break in a 1 bedroom suite with our 3 little kiddos. Love the full kitchen, multiple TVs, Large closet.  FREE breakfast every is awesome too (and you don't have to wake up at the crack of dawn)The Only 2 things I would add is:1) an elevator ... Our room was on the 3rd floor, so hauling all of our luggage was not fun!!2) a poolside bar! Us parents are on vacation, we need a little something :)Overall we're glad we found this place!  We usually get a suite at the Marriott, but purchased a gift basket at a silent auction and had a free night for Hyatt House... This will now be our first go to hotel search.
2	I have stayed at many Hyatt hotels, but this one was a dissapointment.I had to carry luggage three flights of stairs,the complimentary hot breakfast was cold and unappetizing. and the staff in my opinion was poorly trained.The bed was not comfortable and the linens were stiff and scratchy, my poor face!The ice maker in the kitchen did not work,and the bedroom TV also did not work,after two calls to the front desk and several hours later the ice maker was fixed, the tv onlyworked for a few hours.I did not feel safe here as a single woman traveling, too many windows in my room on the publicwalkways.I would not recommend this hotel for Women  or any Hyatt devotee.I believe it is poorly managed!
4	Superb location a couple of blocks from all the Scottsdale action. We walked to Kazimierz World Wine Bar to start the night, and that is only a couple of easy walking blocks. The hotel itself was really quiet even on a Saturday night. Full kitchen and super clean and nicely updated! Even the bathroom was updated, which was nice considering this is obviously an older hotel. Bed was comfy, couldn't have asked for more.I debated between this Hyatt and the one across the street (Hyatt Place). I'm really glad I chose this location because the other Hyatt across the street was a loud mob scene coming home at midnight on a Saturday night. I needs my sleep and hate loud hotels with drunk partiers. Only stayed here one night (so, like a staycation) because we had a friend's birthday party in Old Town and didn't want to drive back to Cave Creek after a night out. In May the rates were nearly as good as a $50 cab ride home! Plus, the hot breakfast in the morning was awesome and a great start to a leisurely Sunday. Will definitely stay here again next time I plan to have a long evening out in old town!
4	This is a nice cozy place to stay. It is very quiet, and within walking distance to old town and the bar district. The place is a little older, but remodeled nicely. We really enjoyed the living room and two bedrooms. It is also within walking distance to the Fashion Square Mall and many yummy restaurants.
5	Stayed the week of Thanksgiving and was very happy with my experience - they were even able to accommodate my early check in request. The hotel is more of a small apartment feeling with a fully stocked kitchen. There's a small gym on site, open 24/7, and free breakfast in the morning. The hotel is also pet friendly and the location can't be beat. Will definitely return.
4	Great place! Staff are super friendly and attentive.  Location is great and within walking distance of old town.  It was really quiet and felt like we were the only ones there, except at breakfast time.  The amenities were clean and easy to access.  Would I stay here again? Absolutely!  A social event hosted by the property by the fire pit would be an extra bonus.  Getting to meet others would be fun.
5	I was surprised that the hotel actually offered a decent breakfast. There was a person cooking omelets for guests and overall there was a good variety of food. We wanted to go to a restaurant instead, but this was perfectly sufficient
5	Love, love, love it here! I just got back a couple days ago, and I think this was my sixth year in a row staying there. My husband and I go out to the Giants spring training every year with friends and family and wouldn't stay anywhere else. It's walking distance to Scottsdale Stadium (home stadium for the Giants) and also to the old town area where all the night life is. The beds are comfy, pillows a little too soft for my liking but it works. The complimentary breakfast is pretty decent if you get there a little earlier. The omelet station is new this year and definitely the way to go. The two room suites almost have a full kitchen and  is great as well. Works out nicely for groups of people. Every year we spend lots of time at the pool and it's kept nice and clean, and clean towels are always stocked. The time of year we go it's pretty busy because of spring training and has a good variety of ages so isn't always the quietest place, which I don't mind. It could be very different though not during spring training. I definitely recommend staying here if you get a chance.
1	Cockroach Problem!Found HUGE Cockroach in room.  Front desk clerk was not surprise at my discovery and stated the hotel has problems with cockroaches.  So if you want to meet a cockroach late at night - I guess this would be a good place to stay.
3	A converted Summerfield Suites, the Hyatt House promotes a "communal" atmosphere.  All rooms are suites, there is a complimentary breakfast, free internet, a small work-out room, and several computers that are available to guests.Located in downtown Scottsdale near the many clubs, the Hyatt House is a great place to be if you want to be close to the action.  It is far enough away to where the noise is minmal.There are no elevators in the hotel, so guests with a lot of luggage may want a ground floor room.When entering the hotel, the registration desk is tiny, and there is no signage whatsoever.  There were no employees at the front desk.  The front desk is "attached" to the bar area.  There were two employees at the bar area, and when asked where the front desk was, they pointed over a couple of feet.The front desk staff was not professional, but they were efficient in checking me in.I was given a room in the back of the hotel, which is laid out more like a motel.  There are several different buildings of three floors each.  Although it is possible to park in the front, it is probably easier to drive your car to your assigned building.Upon entering, there is a living room to the left with a TV.  There is also a small desk with adequate working space.There is a small kitchen with stove, refrigerator and dishwasher.  There is a small breakfast nook.The bedroom is separated by French doors.  The bedroom is not that big as there is barely enough room to walk between the bed and dresser in order to get to the bathroom.There is a large walk-in closet that is not enclosed.The bathroom includes a shower and toilet. The breakfast, which is complimentary, included cheese crepes, ham, French toast and oatmeal as hot options.  There was also a variety of cereals, pastries, breads and bagels, yogurt and fruit.Unfortunately, there were a couple of issues that arose.  First, there was a roach in the closet.  Second, there is a large gap between the front door and the threshold.  When the wind blows, there is a loud whistling sound that sounds like a train is approaching.When I mentioned these issues to the day manager when checking out, she seemed to be aware of these problems but did not seemed too concerned.I contacted Hyatt and was told that they were going to speak to the property management to work and resolve these issues.For a long term stay, the Hyatt House is a good choice given the kitchen and free breakfast.
5	This is my third visit in two months and I cannot says enough goods things about this hotel! I am someone who loves a hip hotel but I am sick of paying expensive room rates for small rooms that never accommodate my kids.  Two bedroom suite, two bathrooms, small kitchenette, my car available whenever I want in front of my room, very kid friendly pool, fire pit at night to roast marshmallows, not to mention the bar and mini market with everything you need in the front. This hotel is also very close to fashion square and all the good restaurants. The staff is so sweet and accommodating, even offered to run to the store when I needed something, can't wait to come again!
4	Stayed here in April from Saturday through Wednesday.  The price was very good and it was great to have two rooms. The location was fantastic. Very few hotels these days come with a free breakfast (although I did not actually eat the breakfast).  It was also great to have the full kitchen and full sized fridge.On Saturday some night  club (which was around a mile away) was making a ridiculous amount of noise even in the middle of the night. This was frustrating because when I made the reservation I specifically asked for a quiet room. That being said, the staff was very concerned and offered to have us switch rooms. The staff in general was very friendly.I did not like that the rooms do not have a full length mirror.  The internet was free and worked great though which was a huge life saver because I had to work the whole time. The hot tub did not have jets. My least favorite aspect of this hotel was the duvet which did not have duvet cover and was barely constrained by two sheets.  I kept fearing that I was touching it at night somehow. Nevertheless, all in all I'd come back.
5	Tammy Ladd director of sales knows how to take care of her guests! Great location, clean and inviting rooms. Super pleasant check in person with helpful information. Hyatt House is always a joy to stay at and this one is even a step above others. Excellent service, wonderful smiling staff! High honors for this property!
