5	This place is great! Why am I the first to review?They're run by the same people that used to work the small threading booth in the mall and now they have their own shop!They're quick, friendly, cheap, AND convenient.  They're a great place to hit up for a quick eyebrow shaping and other hair removal.  Check this place out. They have a punch card so that your 9th threading session is free!
5	My only disappointment is not knowing about this place earlier. It is amazing!!!!! I was in and out in about 10 min. Eyebrows are $10! Definitely a place to go and keep gong! It is hard to find because little signage but it is on the side of the Verizon store. They do a great job shaping!
2	They don't listen to what the customer wants. I told them I wanted my eyebrows to stay thick but they made them very thin. I tried to go in many times to see if maybe it was a miscommunication and again I said I wanted thick not thin and each time I came out disappointed with pencil thin eyebrows. They are also rough when they thread the upper lip and don't try to make it less painful if you request that they not do it so rough, they just keep doing it the same and don't try to lessen the pain. Ive gone to many other places before where the threading is not as painful as they do it here and where they actually listen to what the customer wants. My eyes are always watery and red when I'm done. This is the last time I come here. If you like pencil thin eyebrows and painful threading this is the place for you.
4	Easy, quick and relatively pain-free. I had only gotten my eyebrows threaded once before, several years ago on the west coast. The experience was one of the most painful things I have ever done, and it dragged on for almost 15 minutes. Since then, it has taken planning a wedding for me to suck it up and go get my eyebrows threaded again.So imagine my surprise when I popped into this little place and was finished in about 5 minutes without tears in my eyes and without the urge to ask the threader to stop. I now realize I must have gone to a very inexperienced person back in the day, but I had no basis of comparison. $8 + tip and it was super fast. Sure, they don't spend 5 minutes talking with you about what you're looking for and how you usually do your eyebrows, but the results were much better than I have even gotten with waxing/plucking. I have naturally thick eyebrows and she cleaned them up nicely without leaving my face looking ridiculous. I will take assembly-line style threading any day for the convenience this place offers.
1	If yelp had a 0 star option I would choose that! WORST place to get threading done!! They NEVER hear to what the customer want. Its been a couple of times I have been here and this would be my last time.
2	I've been going here for two years only because I didn't know about the other place in town. Every time I come the workers never ask how I am, let alone carry a conversation with me. How could they with the movie playing in the background? Two of the three girls who work there always end up cutting my skin above my eye which already a sensitive area.  They never smile. Only go here f you are in a bind otherwise look up the other place in town. It's cheaper and the gal is much more sociable.
5	I love this place!!! I have been to so many places to get my eyebrow done but this is the place i like the best because they thread my eyebrow really well with almost no pain. furthermore, they are always friendly to me and they get my eyebrow done in almost five minute, where as some other place take almost 10 to 15 minute. I been going to this place for past three year and i love it. plus it is cheap.
2	I went and I asked for my eyebrows to be cleaned up and instead they made them way thinner than I wanted. I have been trying to grow them out for a year, and they had just started to look how I wanted them and now they are ruined!!Also it hurt pretty bad.
5	I have been a customer ever since they were in a kiosk in the mall years ago. I was thrilled when they moved to their new location because it is easy for a busy mom / business woman like me to pop in and out fast. The space is comfortable and service consistently good. They may not be super chatty but really I'm not really one who wants to make small talk during beauty sessions. I just want to go in, chill out quite, and be done. I have always loved how my brows look nice shape and not too thick not too thin...just right!  I have sensitive skin and crazy thick eyebrows and brow hairs and I never have a problem with how they thread. I love how they take the time to make sure they get all the hairs. I tried the other place in town because of their great reviews. I thought I must be missing out but I hate the location and I had to go home and do a lot if cleanup work on my brows.  And on top of that she had a nasty snotty cold that I ended up getting. Lesson learned....
5	$8 for perfect eyebrows every time, and you don't have to go into the mall anymore so it's easy in and now. Just tell them you want to keep them thick and only want a clean up. They could be a little friendlier, but I think it is probably just a language barrier problem and they are shy. Don't take it personally. :)
5	Agree with the below post - the ladies here consistently do a great job on hair removal.  The building is not the fanciest place ever, but the quality of the threading is good every time and cheaper than when I used to do waxing.  Also agree, they are not very talkative, but neither am I and I appreciate the quality and cost more than any small talk.  Overall, great place for hair removal!
5	I love this place now! I only go to Jiya, the owner! She is amazing! She usually has a line of people waiting just for her, so be sure to have a little time to wait, but she's so fast that she gets through the line quickly enough. This place is the only thing standing between my face looking awesome or looking like a were wolf lol.
4	I went here yesterday. I was in and out so quick I'm still kind of in a daze lol. The lady at the first chair did my eyebrows and she did a good job.
