5	Very nice and complete watch shop.  They have every classy brand here and is pretty big.  I got myself a 2800 diamond Tag watch and love it.  Service is great and selection is huge.  If you are looking for a nice piece, definatly come here!
5	Mindblowing.  Amazing selection, great sales people, and solid prices.  I wasn't buying, but certainly browsing and the sales staff was great, even taking my Carrera and polishing it for me while I tried on a couple Baume and Merciers, a Ball, and a Zenith.Two stories of designer watches is pretty much my fantasy land.
5	This place is my wet dream. It's so big I could spend hours there. Twice a year when I go to Vegas this is a mandatory stop for me. They always have 12 month no only financing, and sometimes have 24 month financing. I can't tell you how close I've come to justifying why a $10,000 Concord watch is 'worth it' and doing the math in my head. Next time I promise I'll actually step up and buy something. Everything from Fossil to Rolex to Breitling to Concord to IWC to Jacquet Droz... $50 to $200,000! I did overhear the salepeople comparing their sales rankings however and how one was upset he didn't win in 2008. So obviously there is room for negotiation, and I plan on using just that tactic when I go back. Not sure the markup, but I'd guess there is quite a large room for negotiation. Heck it's Vegas. Name your price and if they let you walk out you know you've offered too low. Eventually they will concede and name the bottom line price.Salespeople are trained to look right at your wrist and see what you've got on. They play a game to see if they can spot a replica/fake, so if you try to pass it on them, they won't call you out on it, but surely they will be laughing inside. Try walking to the back row (ultra high end greatr than $10,000) and see how quickly they come to you. Depending on how you are dressed you may end up waiting a while. When it comes my time to buy that Concord I'll come dressed as cheaply as I can so they don't try to upsell me.
5	I have a few mid priced watches ($3,000.00 to $5,000.00) and wanted to see some high priced exclusive ones. I was impressed with the sales person's knowledge and he was very helpful. I did not buy but will and I will buy at Tourneau.
3	Biggest disappointment of my entire trip to Vegas.  Their Rolex selection isn't much larger than a typical Ben Bridge or Jared Galleria.  Their Breitling selection is very limited as well.  Everyone says this location has multiple floors inside but that's misleading - there's just a couple of stadium seating like areas in the back that are basically just narrow walkways.Prices were in line with any other authorized dealer, except that there's a lot less incentive to discount.
4	This store has a really nice selection of watches, both new and old.  There is an interesting section upstairs with rare and expensive watches (some vintage) that you don't see everyday.I have only made one purchase from this store and it was a Panerai (PAM 104).  Daniel Lee, my rep at the store, has been at this location for maybe 5 years at this point?  Anyway, I like dealing with the same person, and find that rare in retail.  He has always been very responsive to me with any questions I have had, and he even gave me his direct cell phone.  I always stop in to say hello when I am in town, even though I haven't found another watch to buy just yet.Off of the top of my head, they have Panerai, Rolex, Audemars Piguet, Breitling, Tag Heuer, Baume and Mercier, Breguet, Blancpain, Hublot, Krieger and Patek Philippe, to name a few.  Worth a visit for anybody who appreciates watches.  The store is located in the heart of the Caesar's Palace Forum Shops.
4	Considering that the Rolex selection is much larger than most jewelry stores that I've come across, the staff is very knowledgeable about their inventory. I got a chance to drool over the latest GMT Master II and finally see the not-as-impressive-as-I-thought Milgauss. Cool place simply ogle, or better yet to set that next goal to put on your wrist.
5	If you are looking for a nice high-end watch, and more specifically a very rare specific watch, you come here to Tourneau. If you can't find the watch you are looking for here, I don't think you will find it anywhere else. This place carries Baume & Mercier, Movado, Hermes, Cartier, Gucci, Damiani, Dior, Jacob & Co. (for those who like the BIG HUGE BLING watches), Montblanc, and Tissot (which I have found to be hard to find). When I say that this is the place to find a nice watch, the minute you walk into the store... you will know what I am talking about. This store is two stories high, in the Caesars Palace forum shops. I honestly want to say it seems to be about 4,000 sq ft total (if not larger) of watches. It is truly amazing just to walk into the store and see the array of watches they carry.
3	I got an odd feeling that I was in a flea market of crazy expensive watches.  Must have been the salespeople - either pushy or distant.  I'll stick with our baby Tourneau in Scottsdale.
2	Never been ignored quite like this, and I have a rather hard to obtain timepiece from a major brand that they sell.  Hint, hint: your most likely buyers are people who already own and collect the watches you sell!  I doubt I'll ever come back here.  What a waste.
4	I visited the store in the Caesars Palace Mall in Las Vegas last week.  I found the staff mediocre at best (max 3 stars) and, when I encountered a problem with the staff, went up the food chain to the Store Manager.  Mr. Obermeyer was professional and accommodating, but distant.  He could be more friendly and dispense with the cool air persona.  Geez, what is it about those who act better than others?  He had no idea with whom he was speaking to as my wife and I shared our need.  Regardless, I have to hand him 5 stars for meeting my needs.  On balance the store gets a 4 star rating by me.
5	I've never bought anything here, but it's just fun to browse....and slowly......to look at all the beautiful, cool, classic, traditional, elegant, trendy, blingy watches for both men and women......hundreds, if not thousands to ooooh and aaaaah over.   There is something for everyone....if you have the budget for it.  The best and finest watchmakers in the world, together, in this one shop.
1	For a high end watch store I was expecting better service. The sales people just ignored me until I actually went up and asked the man a question. I asked him if he had a Rolex Milgauss in green. He replied "No, we do not have any and they are out of stock". He was looking at my Tag Heuer as he was saying this. I locked up all of my expensive watches in the bank before going on vacation and was wearing my beater. He asked if i had ever seen one before and I repled "yes, and that it matched my 50th Anniversary Submariner". Then he said "if I had one in stock would you be willing to buy it today?" I thought he just said they did not have any in stock. I asked him if he wanted to know if I could afford one and the answer was yes. I told him that I had already purchased two Rolexes and a Panerai this year. I left since he obviously did not want to sell anything to me.
4	If you ever in the market for a fancy watch, this is the place to go. It has a HUGE selection of brands, and their prices are pretty competitive.  I've had great experiences with their service department (if you purchase your watch there, it is serviced (including batteries) free of charge).  They will service pretty much any type of watch, however, and are always friendly and accommodating.  At times, the salespeople can be a bit aloof, but if you let them know that you are in the market to purchase, not just browse, then they warm up quickly.
5	Consider this review more of a 4.5 star review, but I decided to bump it to five just because of the size of Tourneau Las Vegas.  Chris, the guy who helped me, claimed it was the largest watch store in the world, and I don't know if I buy that completely, but its pretty big.  This was great because you can compare so many watches and so many brands.  I didn't even get to look at half of it.  I stayed away from the brands I have seen in other places, like Omega, Tissot, Tag, and tried to look at a bunch of new things.  They certainly have a better selection than almost any watch store I have been to.  And they focus on mid to high end watches, which is sometimes hard to find.  A lot of stores seem to have many many quartz watches around that key $200, teenager-birthday-present price point, and then three models that are actually nice watches.  Chris was a very attentive salesman, and didn't even seem to get mad when I didn't buy a four thousand dollar watch.  He was really nice all the way through.  I can't comment on pricing because I didn't eventually buy anything, or even begin to negotiate, since they only had the Oris I have been wanting on a strap, not a bracelet.  It was still a great place to look at watches.
1	this review is not only for this vegas store but also for the one in new york and the one in san jose ca. so we bought a dior watch last may  from the new york store, and if you use their card,  you get 10% back which is cool cause we got $200 credit to use to purchase another watch, well i went to the san jose store and wanted to buy one of their tourneau watches which was on sale, but the sales person said that i could not use the credit on sale priced watches, no where on the credit does it say that and they could not produce anything on paper that said otherwise. regardless they wouldnt sell it to me. ok back to the dior watch, the watch stopped working in less than 7 months. we took it to the san francisco store to get the battery changed. the sales person told us that we should send it to dior since it was still covered under their warranty, ok that was fine i we thought was a good idea, well we brought it  back to the store in new york so they could send it in but one of sales people decided to open it up themselves and change the battery, that did not fix the problem as the watch still did not work. i hope that doesnt void the warranty at dior and to this day may 7 2012 we still have not received the watch. which brings us to my latest encounter with the las vegas store. i went in and found an oris that sold for $2100, one of the sales people asked me if that if they could get it down to $1600-$1700 would i be interested, i told him that would be great if i could finance it.he told me the most he could do was 6 months, i told him thank you but that wouldnt be long enough. as we were leaving the store my wife started talking to another sales person and she asked him about financing and he told her that there shouldnt be a problem financing it for 1 year.so he told us to come back after the other sales person went home and he said he would help us. so we did and he asked he how much the other sales person offered me the watch for? i told him $1680 and he said that that was impossible, that that was %20 off the price and there was no way that the company would sell it for that much. so i said nevermind and left.
4	I like watches, I have too many and wifee will go bananas if I buy any more. So when one of my clasps broke I finally had an excuse to go to Tourneau. They stock everything and have a helpful service department, the salespeople hover around their individual areas like hawks so service is never far away. They are knowledgable and not too pushy.i like.
5	Even though I was not in the market for a high end watch I was treated like I was by all of the employees.  I came to Tourneau to but a Citizen aviation watch.  When I got to the Citizen watch counter I was greeted by Yuki who was very knowledgeable about the Citizen brand.  He showed me the watch I wanted, showed me how to work it and gave me a good price on it.  I told him I wanted to think about it and he gave me his business card.Three hours later I came back and he fixed me up with my new watch.  I had a older Citizen aviation watch I wanted to give to my father.  At NO charge Yuki had the watch repair department take links out for my dad and fitted us both with my new watch for me and my older watch for my dad.  While we waited Yuki gave us water and made sure we were comfy in the store.  I had a great experience here and will be coming back to buy future watches.  If you are in Vegas and at this store ask for Yuki for the 5 star treatment.
3	The best aspect of the store is that you can negotiate the final sale price.  However, your advantage can only appear if you're paying by cash/credit.  If you're going to finance a timepiece through Tourneau, then you've lost all of your leverage.  All sales are final, so you better make sure you're happy with what you're about to buy.The store has an agreement with hotel in that they provide gift certificates to 7 Star/Diamond Club members.  The only reason I went into this store was because my aunt and uncle were given $1500 in gift certificates to be used at Tourneau.  I ended up working with an associate named Jad (who's Filipino btw), and he worked with me on an Invicta that I had been eyeing for some time.  The watch originally retailed at other stores for $899.  But I was able to purchase it for $620 (post tax).  I also purchased the 3-year maintenance agreement, which covers everything and I highly recommend.I'm pretty happy with my watch.  It will serve it's purpose as a casual piece.  It's not classic enough to wear to work since it's a maritime watch with a rubberized band.  However, it goes well with polos, jeans, and most casual wear.Now if they could just lower the price of their Panerai's...
1	had yet another "fantastic" experience here, unfortunately the battery on my suunto vector ran out while i was visiting Vegas so i came in to get my free battery replacement, (believe me that's the only reason i would ever come back here ), well i figured i wouldn't have to deal with anyone but the service person so it shouldn't be that bad, boy was i wrong. so i was the first one waiting and there was another guy behind me then another couple who just bought 2 new watches and needed their bands adjusted, the guy told me to give him half an hour (for a battery change? ), well i just waited while he fixed the other 2 customers first! i know my watch is just a cheap $200 watch but first come first serve right? not whoever spends the most money gets better service smh, where does tourneu get these losers? and to top it off this idiot damaged my battery cover! i sincerely hope this place goes out of business
1	Went in to browse high end watches Panerai, Breitling, Rolex, Ball etc. But I really wanted to see and purchase a Casio Gshock AWG 1000.  Wasted a lot of time waiting for help when help arrived I asked for the specific model salesperson asked if I saw the model in the case.  I couldn't tell from across the counter and he told me he had 150000 watches.  Not very helpful and not interested in selling a 500 watch. Bottom line don't bother with Tourneau.  On the other hand Panerai and Breitling boutiques in the same mall were friendly and willing to show and discuss any model. Btw I was wearing Rolex and have a Panerai.  Don't bother with Tourneau.  I would give no stars if possible
3	This is the largest watch store in North America.  They carry a huge variety of brands and although some of the staff is stuffy, some of them are nice as well.  You can only neogotiate prices on watches above $500 and then expect to get no more than 10%-15% off retail prices.  This store is great for seeing watches in person, not so great for buying them.
1	Don't bother with this place..I purchased my tag there few years ago..had a bad experience during purchase..well this tag I purchased broke..the hour hand will not work..I took it in and they had o idea what was wrong..and told me it would take 4weeks and min of $190 ..so I said I can't wait that long and they said then contact tag..so I went to look at new tags and I waited for a long time to even get help...I had to flag someone down ..customer service sucks and they sell faulty watches ..do not buy from here
5	I have a multi year and multi purchase relationship with Tourneau Las Vegas. The reason why is my salesperson, Ani Zlatareva. Totally professional. Totally committed to my complete satisfaction. I keep coming back to Tourneau because of her and have added an IWC, Baume and Mercier, Bell and Ross and a Raymond Weil to my collection as a result of her taking such good care of me. This review is long overdue. I would give more than 6 stars if I could.
3	I have a little bit of a watch fetish you could say. I treat myself to a fine timepiece every couple of years. I had been eyeing an IWC Big Pilot for a year or so and finally decided to take the plunge. Tourneau in the Forum Shops is a spectacle to be seen, it is truly an amazing place, HUGE!The IWC I had been looking for was a somewhat rare and hard to find stainless Big Pilot with brown strap, I walked into the store and they had one. I was greeted at the IWC counter by a sales person. My biggest complaint about the salesperson was her lack of knowledge. I am by no means an expert on timepieces but I seemed to know more about the watch than she did. I asked her a few questions and about half of them she did not have the answer to and had to walk over to the person at the Rolex counter to ask them LOL. Sorry, but if you are trying to sell me a $15,000 watch you should be a bit more knowledgable about the product line. I was able to negotiate a very slight discount so I purchased the watch. Although I was fairly unimpressed with my sales persons knowledge I was very impressed with the stores inventory, I walked through he entire store and noticed many limited edition hard to find pieces. If there is a timepiece you are looking for this would be the place to contact to see if they have it in stock, thay carry all the big brands adn also have an estate section of nice used and refurbed pieces.
5	I have mixed feelings about this place. I suppose it really depends on who ends up helping you. I haven't really had a good experience here before from sales representatives but this time around my sales representative was very helpful. His name was Qusey. Qusey was very knowledgeable and he encouraged me to try on the watches even though he knew that I wasn't going to purchase right at that moment. I've never had a rep from Tourneau who was willingly encouraging me to try on the watches and I've been to Tourneau many times before. I tried on the Jaeger Lecoultre and IWC Portuguese. When I am ready to purchase, I will make sure to go out of my way to find Qusey and purchase from him.
5	I unfortunately got water in my TAG Heuer because I didn't have the clasp secured when I was swimming.] We went to TAG to have them check the warranty but unfortunately the damage wasn't covered and Tag wasn't able to fix it on the spot. We decided to  swing by Tourneau on our to the Caesars buffet and I'm so glad we did!  The guy working there was great and was able to dry the watch for us on the spot.  So happy! My watch is blinging again...now on our way to eat :)
1	I won't ever be back here. I went to the service center where I received by an idiot in a lab coat who wouldn't help me at all. Every question I asked was answered with NO. NO, he wouldn't ask if he could fix the omega. NO, he has never seen one (Omega constellation, what?? pretty common watch). NO, he doesn't know if he could fix it or not. NO he wouldn't find out. The guy said NO over and over until I got frustrated and left. I bought a watch from Torneau in New York and had one serviced in Las Vegas. I felt like I was in a third world country. That sort of mentality treatment towards a customer where the customer is always wrong. For being such a nice place with a good name and poisoning it with people that drive away business - I can only hope upper management sees this review and does something.
3	Going to Vegas means gambling, eating, going to shows and browsing for high end watches.  The first time I came to Vegas, I was astounded of the number of high end watch stores.  This was one of the first I went.  Holy Cow, it is enormous, and wow the number of brands just blew me away.  It is beautifully designed  with 3 stories of displays.  There are some brands you cannot find, like Hublot and Blancpain, which is disappointing since one of those will be my next purchase.  But they have many other great brands and models.  I always come back and look in this shop.  Having said that, the sales staff is snobbish and will sell you anything.  Their knowledge seems limited since any brand you ask about is the best brand you can get just as long as you buy it.  I expected more from this type of store.  I guess if I ignore the staff, my shopping experience is more pleasant.  There are so many high end watch stores in Vegas.  I will go to them instead to make my purchases.
2	Nice guys. But they forgot to put the seals back in the watch that make it water proof.
5	Truthfully, I didn't think I was going to enjoy my visit to tourneau. I guess I wasn't expecting too much. Also, I didn't think I was going to make a purchase when I walked in. LOL All I knew was that I wanted this brand of watch but didn't know what it entailed, price, etc. Walking in was alright, two young girls--first look would be like "their just looking, no biggie". We got a few smiles from their associates acknowledging us, but no one to really answer questions and what not. Until, I decided ask and try one. The person that helped us was JOSE. Jose was wonderful! He helped us with answering questions, explaining everything throughly with how special the watches were, and trying to help me figure out what was good for me. My friend and I were very impressed. After learning more, I was more intrigued into getting one! Then whoa, the prices came lol. Jose reminded me that a purchase this big should be a memorable one. Not something rushed. (I really respected that as a customer!) He also added that financing was available to make this purchase more possible!  Than BAM, the watch was sold. Jose made the experience of buying this watch more than just buying it. Thank you so much jose!
4	Having shopped at Tourneau frequently back home, I was astounded at the size of this location. While they do not carry every brand of luxury watch (a fool's errand), what they do have is a huge selection paired with excellent customer service. The two employees who helped us were both attentive and knowledgeable, and I never felt rushed to make a decision. In addition, they twice brought us cold water while we shopped. While I know this is not why people shop here, I felt it was a nice touch (plus I was just really thirsty).One possible downside is that due to the vast selection and attractive displays, this store may pose a red level threat to your bank account. Also, the seconds salesperson helping us sold us on an extra policy to cover scratches and any other exterior problems. I typically do not like when a salesperson does this (many stores use this tactic as a way to boost their bottom line), but because of how easy it is to bang up a watch, you may feel it is a worthwhile expenditure.
1	I bought a new Oris Artelier Skeleton in July of 2013, and just found out it's in a sad state and in need of repair. I'm a Las Vegas local, and when I got home with the watch, I found a substantial scratch on the stainless steel case. I took it back, a little upset, and they were very blase about the issue. Not the response I was expecting for a $2,600 watch!So after a year, it's not keeping great time, so I took it to a jeweler I trust. The jeweler found the oil had dried out, so all friction bearing parts are worn. The wheels and main spring need to be replaced for $350. I've left a phone message for Tourneau management about it, and haven't heard a word back.Truly shocking customer service for a high-end watch store.
5	I was amazed to see such a huge store with multi levels filled with all the top name brand designer watches you could think of world wide. Very polite employees they ask you if you would like to try any watch and provide you with deep knowledge of the watch you are looking at.
2	Last year I took my $1600 Gucci watch in to the service shop and it took them a few hours or so to replace a simple battery. When I picked up the watch I noticed the crystal / glass cover was loose, The "repairman" said it was like that, huh? It can only be removed with special tools. So he takes to the "back"  and returns with the watch. Now the face is scratched in a circle fashion like pressing the hands on the face. Not sure who let these monkeys loose and said go into the world and work on watches... Management was no help and neither spoke English very well. One star for a selection of new watches and one for an escalator up and stairs going down.
