3	Its a CVS... you've been to 'em before... this one is not different. I am not a big fan of this overpriced convenience store that happens to sell drugs. Everything is so expensive... it kills me to shop here.
3	Pretty basic CVS. Good place to stop for a water after a hike in the Preserve.  Not wild about them always asking if I have a CVS card.  Why don't they just give everyone the same low price?
4	I Like CVS, they have Great Coupons !  I have saved quite a bit in the last 12 months, they also send a email letting you know what you have spent and saved in the last Year!  I always scan my CVS Caremark Card, when I enter the Store, they have a Kiosk that will print out coupons for different Products!Since I have a CVS Caremark Card, I save 20% off all CVS Brand Pharmacy Products!
1	The pharmacy is just terrible. You are ignored and abused. I just spoke to the manager.  She asked to phone if I had a good experience as she was going to speak to her manager. I told her that in three years I have not had a good experience. They Are harried, abrupt and semi rude. No eye contact no thank  you for coming. You are abused and demeaned ineveryway. Terrible , terrible terrible!  Walgreens is much better. They may be over worked but they are polite. If you want to give them you business go ahead, they have not earned it   I will never go to that pharmacy again. Susan Wenger
4	Come on people... It's a CVS! What exactly are you looking for in terms of customer service? Walk in, buy what you need, and leave. End of story.
1	This pharmacy's staff is rude.  Kathy the tech ignored me and worked while I waited for her to take my prescriptions.  Then she sullenly talked to me as if she doesn't need more customers.  They put all your prescriptions into auto refill so you get annoying calls until you tell them to stop.  They also sent prescriptions you didn't order home when someone else pick up the order from you.  They tried to sneak in prescriptions you don't need in all the times.  Is that illegal?  I will never go to this place again. I don't know why they are so rude.  The place is not that busy.
3	I decided to switch my pharmacy needs to this CVS since it's an easy drive from the house. My doctor called in my prescription and I was told that they were still working on it. So I waited and the lady behind the counter called me and rang up $49 for a week's dosage without asking me some basic questions. So I asked her a question when she uttered $49. Is that the Blue Cross rate? She said "No, we didn't have you in the system." Well here's my card, so let's see what happens. Magically the price fell to $13. So my point is that CVS needs to get to know their customers a little better and ask some obvious questions. The reason my rating is a 3 instead of of 2 or 1 is that the other parts of the store have their act together. I just wish CVS would ditch the customer card that they scan when you check out at the register.
4	Troy the Store Manager and front store staff are fantastic. Store is clean and well organized. Didn't use the pharmacy while I was there so can't say it has improved.
1	The absolute worst CVS in the chain...........actually the entire staff is wonderful except for their pharmacist in charge, Gloria Johnson, who should not be allowed to work in a position where she is there to help sick people.  As someone with two degrees in healthcare I know of what I speak.I went in on a Friday to fill a Schedule II pain med.  The on-duty pharmacist, AMY (WONDERFUL PERSON) told me they were out.  She called around to see if anyone close had the dosage and they didn't.  It would need to be ordered and the only one who could sign the order was this Gloria Johnson since she was the "Pharmacist in Charge"  She gets six days off every other week, which is fine.........but where is the back up plan.  Amy thought for sure Gloria wouldn't mind coming in and signing a form........I am 65 years old, on disability and driving all over is not an option for me.I called CVS corporate to complain and was met with pure hostility.............some male over the pharmacists (I am presuming) completely told me Gloria was in her right NOT to come in.................."First do no harm"...........oh, she's not that high on the totem poll.I told this extremely rude man that I wished Gloria Johnson all the ill will in the wold........and was only sorry I didn't have a bat with me..........he took that as a  personal threat and told me he would call the PD if I stepped foot in the store again.........he has no idea who I am and if I shop with cash and don't use the pharmacy he'd have a difficult time..........................thank the Lord for people like Sheriff Joe!In the meantime the pharmacist in charge of CVS on FLW and Thompson Peak offered to drive to E. Bell, hand carry the script to his store (Schedule II) and order it himself........................yesterday, Monday I received a text that he had it in already.Mr. Kevin Rider went above and beyond and I urge you to change your scripts to Walgreen..............if not, please use Mr. Rider's pharmacy at FLW and Thompson Peak..............EVERYONE had a smile on their face, and for him to go in after getting off work was above and beyond............this whitch, Gloria Thompson, was too lazy to get off her rear and help a senior citizen.......CVS, get with it.........................put into place a back out plan or get out of the pharmacy business.  Thankfully all of your other employees at E. Bell, especially AMY deserve much praise......................I still wish Gloria Johnson the worst................anyone know of a good exorcist?
1	I completely agree with the others who say you should completely avoid the drive through!  But the pharmacist  Johnson is the worst! She is rude, judgmental, disrespectful and should not be working in the health field! There is no way I would allow some one like that to work in any of my healthcare facilities! She is not a patient advocate! I spoke to her superior who she was happy to give me the number (NOT) so if you ask me that is an admission of guilt. But it didn't do any good! I am sure she is still there treating people like crap.. Announcing to all who can hear, your diagnosis and medication! If I were the superior... I would have fired her and had her license revoked!
