3	Love the 5-Guys (see my review on the outlet on McGill Street)I'm writing this brief critique - to help other choose which 5-Guys to go to.One can't go wrong with a good burger - not this burger - but given that this outlet is on St. Catherine's street (strategically?) located next to a strip club (not that there's anything wrong with that!) - expect long lines at the counter and a wait being half a dozen young, often loud, guys and gals. That's totally ok - but if this isn't your type of scene, try the outlet on McGill street - it's cleaner, and you'll have much more enjoyable time savouring this culinary decadence!Dine at life's buffet friends!
5	Don't care for the fries but I'm there for the burger which exceeds my expectations of a delicious burger. When I dream of burgers, this is exactly when I dream of. Fatty, greasy, cheesy, mouth-watering burgers made fresh, topped with deep-fried bacon... that's the dream man, that's the dream.
5	Eat upstairs, much quieter than the hectic atmosphere of everyone ordering downstairs.
5	So so so so so nice. I ordered a hot dog against my better judgment and it was nevertheless awesome. They sort of slice it lengthwise and serve it more-or-less like they would a burger. One acquaintance who has more experience than I do with Five Guys says these guys are a little skimpier than usual about filling your bag up to the top with fries. But hey, I didn't know they actually did that at all (I haven't gone in years), so I wasn't about to complain.Had a bite of a homie's poutine too and it was worth it.Also, don't feel too guilty! Fries are nutritious! So much Vitamin C!!!
4	Eat upstairs, much quieter than the hectic atmosphere of everyone ordering downstairs.I've been three times, the quality of the burger is sometimes a gamble, and my burger has been messed up on two occasions. Fries are always excellent, however.
4	Bien meilleur que McDonald et Burger King niveau fast foot ! Je recommande.
3	I was feeling a little peckish after a vegan meal.... so what better place to get an afternoon snack than a burger joint, right? Who's with me?  To be fair, I don't eat red meat so I only ordered their Cajun fries. I quite enjoyed these - they were fresh and crispy and DAMN they were HOT! The guy warned me but you know, I thought they were 'light' (that's what he said - "light Cajun). That boy lied, but my stuffy nose is now cleared up thanks to these fries. My only 'negative' comment would be that they weren't very salty. I would've liked a more balanced blend of salt vs. spice. Fast service, portions are good.
3	I was really craving a burger and fries for lunch so I thought why not try Five Guys after hearing so much about it.  I ordered a cheeseburger, fries and drink and ended up paying almost $16 which is way overpriced if you ask me.  The food was good but it did not justify the price.  I was also surprised to receive a double cheeseburger when all I asked for was a cheeseburger.  I could easily have eaten a double hamburger had there been no fries but it was too much given what else I ordered.I will say I was impressed by the burger.  The burger was freshly prepared and the patty was juicy and clearly freshly prepared.  I had onions, lettuce, BBQ sauce, pickles, tomatoes, relish and mustard so in other words your run of the mill toppings.  The fries were nice and salty but I have had better.In all I'm not sure I'd go back to this place again because while the food was good the price was a turn off.  There are a few places downtown that offer a good alternative to the usual food court fare for a reasonable place and I don't think 5 Guys is one of them.
3	We got into the restaurant a little before noon, which was great because there was only a short line-up to order and just a few minutes later, as we waited for our number to be called, the line grew tenfold.I ordered a cheeseburger, but the lady at the cash confused me, asking if I wanted the $7.99 burger. I didn't really understand the question, for one because she had a heavy accent and two, I had no clue what that meant. I guess she could have simply asked if I wanted a double or a p'tit burger. Once I figured it out, I stuck with a double. She asked what I wanted on it and handed me quite a long list of choices. I think I choked over the confusion of the earlier question, but I saw sauteed mushrooms, jalapenos and several other less than standard toppings; all available for free. YAH!My son ordered a poutine. He can't seem to help himself. Anyway it is offered he orders it. It might have something to do with being deprived of poutine for two years while in Vancouver. Who knows.My daughter-in-law (I'll call her that now that we all live together) ordered an all-dressed $7.99 cheese burger as well. And we decided to share a regular sized fry. The cashier asked' spicy, cajun or regular and we must have really looked liek newbies. We were clueless. Oh, the fries. Cajun.Don't ask how long it took us to figure out the drinks. Let's just say none of us had had coffee yet and we'd been at the RAMQ all morning. Okay. Do you forgive us?The restaurant has very limited seating on the main floor, but upstairs there is a dining area that is quite spacious and, when we got there, empty.I've had Five Guys Burgers before, I used to go to one in DC all the time because it was really close to the convention center and I could bring it back to my hotel and eat between meetings. The burgers here are fairly good, they are still fast food, let's not kid ourselves. But they are good; generous on the cheese, double patties that don't crumble but aren't too dense either. The bun isn't greasy either, which is something I can really appreciate.My son seemed to like his poutine, though it wasn't at all what I expected. It is a bunch of fries, a packet of Kingsley curd cheese and their own in house sauce. Basically, you have all the ingredients for a poutine, but you have to put it together yourself.Overall, I like Five Guys Burgers and Fries as a fast food joint and in the downtown core, it is a solid choice for a hungry shopper, but to go out of my way to get one? Nah-uh.
4	great great cheeseburger. If you are a fan of french fries they will LOAD you up. the line might be long - but does move quick
4	Can't go wrong with greasy tastiness post club hours right?This location right on St. Catherine closes late, but I still played it slick and left the club half an hour earlier than everyone to beat the rush.I got the double cheeseburger, and like all 5 guys, it hit the F* spot, especially at 3am.Service was quick and the fries were perfect, zero complaints. Minus one star for the filthy over spilling trash can that could have been taken care of before the rush of 30 people who followed me in line.
2	One of the greasiest burgers in Montreal!Apparently this place is touted as having one of the best burgers but I say it has one of the greasiest burgers! Five Guys not worth a repeat visit unless I was drunk or something.
2	Delicious dive food but simply overpriced in my opinion. A trio shouldn't cost me $20 and that much attitude.Food:  7/10Service:  4/10Price:  3/10Atmosphere:  n/a
5	My heart flutters at the thought of this burger. Why is it so damn good? How does a squished up (read: never soggy) bun with too many ingredients for its own good just satisfy every expectation I could have for a burger? I'll tell you why. When you have fresh ingredients at your fingertips that are well prepared and seasoned, you get a better burger. And when they squish all those ingredients together in that foil, it doesn't matter what it looks like any longer because it's guaranteed to taste great.
3	Sometimes this spot just hits the spot, but most of the time I'd rather find a classic Quebec casse croute. The burgers are good, especially in my opinion when messy and piled with toppings, the fries are fresh, I've always found the service fast and friendly. The place is clean and convenient but the neon white glow of the lights drains my soul and there are much better greasy food experiences to be had elsewhere.
4	Good burgers, fan of the free toppings. Got the spicy fries, was more salty than spicy. Maybe next time ill just get the regular fries! Told the guy i wanted my burger well done, he gives me this pink piece of meat!  When i 1st walked in I thought about "In and Out burgers" because the menu was so simple! Yes, its a bit pricy for burgers, but D-E-F-I-N-I-T-E-L-Y got the job done of sobering me up after an eventful night! The free peel it yourself peanuts were a great time killer. Not sure if this place have milkshakes! They should add it to the menu!The place is not that clean( i ate upstairs),fries on the floor, sticky tables...But then again its a fast food joint, and  I didn't get sick! I noticed that they kept their newspaper "features" on the wall. I get it I would probably do the same! However they are old and dated! Yes you were the best burger spot in 2000 something, but that was a while ago, whatever happened to recent posts!
5	My favorite burger spot , From Alexandria VA to Montreal QC....great service, fast and on point!
4	Good burgers. Good hot dogs. A touch more expensive than other fast food joints but worth it.
5	This is one of the best Five Guys locations that I have been to. Other Five Guys in the US are starting to be lighter on the toppings. At this location, they piled on the toppings, just like how Five Guys did it a few years ago. Therefore, if you are from the US and want your Five Guys fill, you won't be disappointed.
2	Not sure what the hype is about five guys.  I'm a big fan of In-N-Out and people told me that this place is a close comparison.  I went and it is not the case.  The burgers and fries were not bad at all but by no means are they In-N-Out or worth $8 per burger.  Honestly, I think Wendy's is better...
