5	I took a car in for a pre-purchase inspection and was glad to know i have a reasonable Mercedes service center 20 blocks from my house. They did a very good job at scoping out the whole car to make sure I wasn't buying something I may soon regret.  They also do the type A and type B services here at a cheaper than dealer rate as well.  When I stopped in I noticed several classic Mercedes in the stalls getting serviced and I know if people that trust them to work on those beauties I could trust them in the future with my car.  I will be back as I bought the car and I'll feel that my car is in great hands.
5	Bud (the owner and head mechanic) is the reason I keep buying Mercedes. Every time I look at another brand I wonder who will take care of it (and me and my wallet) when it breaks. MB Motors only works on Mercedes Benz (get it? M.B.?), but they handle everything from basic annual services to complex engine issues. The shop is family run and customers are treated as family and as friends. They are consistently fair and reasonable with pricing and honest about what repairs truly need to be made. Fair, reasonable, honest, mechanic - not much else I could possibly add to that.
5	MB Motors is a family run establishment that only services Mercedes-Benz automobiles and if you have a Mercedes-Benz, this is the place to take your car for service.  I was referred here by someone a couple years ago and every experience I've had with MB Motors has been outstanding.  They will take the time to tell you, and show you, what needs repaired; they will complete the repair quickly; and their pricing can't be beat.  In fact, I often feel like I should be paying them more than they charge, given the amount of time they often spend with me and my car.  They won't sell you a service you don't need, and they take the time needed to correctly identify a problem.  Take your car here - you won't be disappointed.
5	Bud is outstanding. He knows the brand very well and is especially adept at keeping my beloved 300CE operating properly. He also has a true love of these cars which is demonstrated by his excellent work.
5	Was referred to MB Motors through a friend when my car had started to stall throughout the week. Couldn't be more pleased with their service. They were quick, informative, extremely affordable and honest. Will definitely continue to use them and refer them to other Mercedes owners, as well.
5	This place is awesome. My 84 300sd freaked out while i was driving it on the freeway. I called up Bud and he used his lunch break to fit me in the next day. He took the time to explain everything he was doing and even gave me tips on DIY projects that i have been meaning to do. He worked on my car for around and hour and he only charged me for half hour. Great experience, knows his stuff and cool guy.
5	Let me tell you a story about MB Motors. My wife called me one morning that her Mercedes had a flat tire a few blocks from MB Motors while I was at least a good 30 minutes from where she was parked. At that time I was a fairly new customer to MB Motors and they didn't really know me that well. They were still calling me Steve at that time.Anyways, I called AAA, but their lines were busy so I called Bud at MB Motors. I explained the situation and he sent over one of his mechanics to change the flat. I called a couple hours later to Thank Bud and pay for the service. He said there was no charge.This is a family owned shop that takes care of it's customers and more importantly keeps those Mercedes Benz running smoothly. The pricing is reasonable when compared to a dealer. Plus Mechanics can read and I would be crazy to give my mechanic anything less than 5 stars.
5	Brought in a used MB I had just purchased to have them check it out. Bud's service sold me not only on his shop, but on MB in general. While I've taken my C230 to the local MB dealer for service once (mainly for some warranty fixes), I can't say I'd make a habit of it when I can take it to MB Motors instead. It's a great feeling to have a mechanic you trust with such major investment. Bud is reasonably priced, knows his stuff, and has a fine appreciation for the brand. I'd give these guys ten stars if Yelp let me.
5	MB Motors is a great shop!  The owners and staff are extremely nice and knowledgeable.  Great service and reasonable costs for repairs.  Bud worked for dealerships for almost 20 years and he brings all of that expertise to the table, including the latest tools like Star Diagnosis System, WIS, and more.If you have a Mercedes and like saving money, make sure to give them a call.  Otherwise, you can continue to bring your car to the dealer and get ripped off
5	After being screwed over by my last mechanic, it was time to find a new one. It's hard to find a decent mechanic, especially for a MB because most mechanics look at the hood ornament and see dollar signs. After reading all the great reviews on Yelp I decided to give MB Motors a shot. My car's AC was not working, so I brought it in. Bud was very honest and did not try to up-sell me or convince me to do any unnecessary work on my car. His communication was great, the price was reasonable, and I was able to drive away with working AC the same day. I would definitely bring my car here again.
5	If you have a Mercedes, you need to take it here! Being new in the area, I wasn't sure who to trust. I made the mistake of taking it to the dealer for an oil change and came out with a $300 bill. Seriously? It's oil and a filter. I tried this shop and found the owner worked at the dealership for 20 years before opening his own shop. Wow, nice people, and great service. He fixed what I needed and recommended a few things (the same things Firestore mentioned when I took it there for new tires and brakes, so I knew it wasn't an up sell.) I called around and M B Motors still had the lowest price. M B Motors fixed my car in a timely manner and showed me everything they did. Their hours are early in the day 6:30 - 3:30 so it's convenient to drop off before work, but a little difficult to pick up. Nothing that would effect me taking my car there. Who wants to work on hot cars when it's 110 degrees out!I feel much better now that I have a place to take my Benz, especially being a single female and not knowing much about cars or what to do.
5	Wow.  I haven't actually ever been serviced here, but I will be.  Our Benz stopped working and was diagnosed elsewhere (where it was towed) as needing a new supercharger.  Desperately hoping for another (read: different) opinion, I called asking for diagnosis over phone.  He was so nice, while he told me what I didn't want to hear (it did need to be replaced), told me he was sorry for such a bummer problem, told me to remember the car has otherwise been good to me.  It was exactly how you'd want to be treated when you have a bummer, unexpected, unavoidable car expense.  I will certainly be their next regular (hopefully not that regular).
5	I'll tell ya what:  You have to go HERE if you have a Mercedes.  Honestly, one of the best, most reasonably priced shops I've ever dealt with.You go inside and you will meet customers that have been going there literally for years and years.   I've never had a bad experience- just today they got the ignition switch fixed after I had to tow it in LAST NIGHT- yes, it involved undoing the steering column and using all kinds of nasty cutting tools to remove teh old switch (tumblers failed)  but they had it FIXED in less than 1/2 the day.  WOW.  Fast, accurate and best of all real good pricing....PS- BUD is president of the local MBCA (benz club) so yes, he is a bit of a fanatic about these cars.
5	Wonderful people, Bud checked out my car without charging me, gave me a quote. No pressure at all, he just let me decide if I wanted to let him work on it.  I saved at least $400-$500 because another shop told me its the struts, but it was just the torsion bar links.
5	Wow, what an excellent shop!I called Bud at M B Motors for some help with an electrical problem on my 1983 300D. He asked me to bring it in, so I did on a Monday morning. He spent some time troubleshooting my issue and it turned out to be a simple fuse--what a relief. He also did an oil change for me and a general inspection of the car. He was very knowledgeable, up-front, honest, and informative. I asked several questions that weren't even related to the repair job at hand, and he gave me lots of good information. I get the impression that if you needed more serious work done, this is the place you'd want to visit.Note that they work on only Mercedes Benz vehicles. There were several cars there, from 1970's models to current models.Several other customers stopped by while I was there and seemed to be on a friendly first-name basis with the owner. That's a good sign in my book.
5	Seriously, honest, reliable, thorough shop.  The first time I took my car in, they beat the dealer's repair quote by more than $2000, told me what I actually did and didn't need and prioritized the work that I needed done.  Have been going there ever since.  Just got a new car and will be taking it to see Bud.
5	My lease expires in 8 months.  I live in south Florida, but after reading all of these reviews I think I'll move to AZ.  It seems this it the best place to take care of my MB.  A knowledgeable and honest mechanic is worth his weight in gold.
5	I was very fortunate to find this Mercedes shop -you won't find better  Bud did two pre-purchase inspections for me:  in the first case, he kept me from making a serious mistake;  in the second case, he confirmed that it was a very good car with only a few problems.  He fixed the problems at very reasonable prices so that I could drive the car back to Albuquerque with no worries.  I would highly recommend MB Motors as a special shop.  Bud is honest, capable and he offers fair and reasonable prices.
5	I have an 8 year old Mercedes C280 with 90,000 miles on it and the transmission started giving problems. I wouldn't consider taking it to a dealer and instead took it to one place that was highly recommended - and got an estimate for $2,200. But I didn't feel confident in them. So I brought it to M.B. Motors and was immediately impressed with their knowledge and professionalism. They pinpointed the problem very quickly and repaired it within a couple of days. The final bill was $1,500 and they did a super job. From now on I'll use them exclusively for all my servicing needs.
5	My engine light came because my outside temperature gauge was off. I had gotten a few estimates prior to trying coming here all for full sensor replacement for up to $400 total. When I arrived, the staff was very friendly and even recognized me from calling the day before (by my car year and model I'm guessing) about my car trouble. After a short wait, they notified me that the sensor was pushed in slightly, causing the engine light to come on. They fixed it and only charged me $28!!! My jaw dropped! I have only gone to the dealer before for servicing, but looks like I found a much better option! Thank you again :)
5	These guys are the best.  They know the products inside and out, and are kind, informative, and fair in everyway.  Take the guess work out of your repair, and let them do what they do best.  I have had many Mercedes, and do know them well, but these guys have so much experience, and knowledge, and I could not recommend a more trustworthy source then the great people at MB Motors.You guys Rock!!!
