4	Awesome!  Authentic East Coast down to the apple cider and whoopie pies!Open space just off Venetian Grand Canal food court, just walk up and order.   Casual, easy, welcoming. I have been told the lobster roll options are more expansive than the options at Planet Hollywood location.  We had been told what were the personal favorites of the person behind the counter: the Original Maine Lobster Roll and the Cajun Lobster Roll.  We split these rolls and they did not disappoint.  FRESH, quality lobster served on a toasted bread like bun.  The roll comes in a Large for $17 or an XL for $23.  The Cajun was not incredibly spicy, but enough to make it interesting. I would recommend for a casual specific food option for great quality lobster rolls while on Las Vegas Blvd.
2	This review might be a little unfair because I just had a fantastic lobster roll from the foodie fest event  that just rolled up here in Vegas from the Lobster Lady truck. But here it goes.LobsterMe's lobster roll was embarrassing bad. First it hardly had any lobster. I did only order the large but  the bread to meat ratio was about 3 parts bread 1 part meat, I would say less then 3 ounces of meat.  The roll was very dry, hard and a bit stale. The menu did look pretty interesting and I was planning on going back and trying some other items,  but I don't think I'll be going back. Honestly I felt like i was ripped off.
5	The Food was AWESOME.  Super friendly and was fast.  Had the Connecticut and loved it. Will def be back.
5	This is another new addition to the Venetian food court. I got the El Diablo roll as a combo that includes seasoned steak fries, small Coleslaw, and a medium drink. A large El Diablo roll is $18, add $2 for the combo. You get the equivalent of meat from a 1lb lobster placed in what looks like a grilled Texas toast roll. The El Diablo is served warm a small amount of marinara sauce that is spicy hot. On a scale of 1-10 , with 10 being hotest, mine was a 7.5. I personally would have add some Tabasco sauce, but I wanted to try it the way they made it The lobster was fresh by Las Vegas standards. The roll, coleslaw, and fries were also fresh. Service was very good, everyone was friendly. I really liked it, and next time I'll try the warm roll with butter. For dessert, they have a variety of Moon pies that I didn't try this time, but definitely will next visit.
5	The staff is incredible, and the food is even better! The Connecticut was warm, buttery and amazing!
5	Loved it here! Sahar took care of us! Lobster lobsicle was wonderful. I had it both ways: grilled and battered. I think the grilled was my favorite. The drinks were wonderful! Really enjoyed my time here. Very friendly vibe.
3	Well this place was my first dinner in Vegas...I got here right before closing...I got the Conneticut...I asked for the lobster to be on the side so the bread didnt get mushy(that request was ignored) when I did taste my food...I was a little let down...I knew it was lobster...however it was too chewy almost like a hard boiled egg...I didnt get the "extra large" thing either...i ended up getting a 7$ sandwich at the gas station that had more taste and was around the same size as this "extra large" sandwich...maybe that applies to the meat and not this size of the bread...I dont know...I'd like to say I would come back but I feel like I was cheated out of 29$ in some ways...but I did try it and now I know...I like to concept of this place and the expanding menu...but I'd say try it for yourself but stick with a regular size and no soda or fries:-)
5	GREAT!  Had the Connecticut and the Lobster Mac and Cheese. Outstanding! If you're a Lobster fan then this is the spot, especially for the price...for the sized portions you get it's surprisingly reasonable.
4	Fried lobsticle! Git it git it. Not over battered/fried and plenty of flavor, don't even need to dip it in the butter. Their lobster mary was also good. Quite expensive, but also quite alcoholic, so that was A-OK in my book.
5	My best friend and I decided to try their menu out since nobody else we work with have tried them yet... we swung by over there during the first week that they opened and grabbed a menu and noticed that the dining area is somewhat surrounded by ongoing human traffic so this will be an attention grabbing area... the dining area for this venue is compact so I decided to just have my order to-go and their menu as a lobster fastfood place has quite a bit of selections... prepare to bring a minimum of $20.00 to enjoy the less pricey selections because it can easily cost you around $30.00 if you go for the value meal from lobsterme! ... and the portions are designed for the average size individual so if you have a big appetite  you just might want to consider going for the "no lobster" selections.. Some of their employees are in their early twenties so be mindful that their crew might take most of the dining spaces in the afternoons since it is a fairly new place for their hangout purposes... it is in a 5 star resort so folks treat it like the mcdonalds for the upper class without the ammonia in the mcnuggets... my buddy loved the lobstermac&cheese as well as "the connecticut"... I decided to just to take it easy for my first time in lobsterme! and enjoyed the lobster&chips.. you will go here not for the nutrition part of the food but definitely for the experience...
4	You loose a star for changing your menu so quickly. The food is great!!!! LOVE LOVE LOVE!!!
4	Try the el diablo. It was amazing. The coleslaw served with the food is also very good with some siracha. I would have given this review a 5 if my girlfriends "Conneticut Roll" wasn't so bland. However great service even after coming 20 minutes before closing and my food was awesome.
4	First time ordering a lobster roll and it was delicious!! A whole pound of lobster in every roll and you can tell! I split a Connecticut roll with my boyfriend and we were very happy with it. It is slightly pricey and didn't really fill us up but the quality was great. A decadent way to tie us over to dinner.
4	A new star at Venetian, and at a food court nonetheless! They had a 2/1 offering on today only, mentioning "off the hook" so I went. Small eating area which was crammed with people so I took my order to go.Pricey but worth it for the ultra-clean taste. Lots of peeps due to promotion so short line. I enjoyed the Connecticut sandwich, their standard bear sammich. It comes with a side of cabbage with just enough mayo to hold it. The bread is cut from the top and grilled with the grilling on the outside. Easy mayo holds the lobster together and you taste Lobster and more Lobster. Very clean flavors. Squeeze a bit of lemon and you've got it. Can't wait to go back!
5	So, if I was going to die tomorrow...a few of their Lobsicles would be part of my last meal.  It's a fried lobster orgasm, plain and simple.  The idea is so simple:  a small (4 oz, maybe) lobster tail, shelled, impaled on a skewer and either beer-batter dipped and lightly deep fried, or grilled, and served with lemon and butter.  I think they must brine their lobster tails, since the flavor was outstanding and they were very juicy.  They don't overcook them at all; cooked absolutely perfectly.  I only tried the deep-fried version, but I had a total of 8 of them over the course of my six day stay.  A must-try...I'm hungry just thinking about it.
4	Pricey but worth trying! Had the lobster tacos and wife had the warm Cajun roll and both were awesome! It's something to try and it's different then most eateries. Will be back to try more the next time I am back at Vegas.
5	The food is phenomenal!! I could eat this every single day. Staff is very friendly and great
2	What a huge disappointment.  We split a lobster roll and got 'The Connecticut' with fries combo.  The fries were very good, for sure and the reason for what stars I did give them.  The lobster however was the most over cooked lobster I have ever eaten.  It was so rubbery that it was tough to pull apart.  The staff was very friendly and helpful, very nice and respectful even.  They get a star too!
5	If you're looking for a tasty lobster fix on the Las Vegas strip without paying outrageous prices you'll likely find in most Vegas strip restaurants LobsterME is the perfect place to go. Their lobster rolls are the best I've ever tasted, with soft yet crispy warm bread and more lobster meat than I expected! As soon as I finished the first one I had to try a second one!
4	This was better than Red Hook lobster at NYC! (I got the Diavolo)
3	is a ok,  expect to pay 40$ for two.  The food is good but the portion is small it dont feel like a pound of lobster on the roll like the ad say.
5	This was my first time trying a lobster roll and it was delicious. We got the Connecticut , Diablo, lobster taco, Mac and cheese. I believe the guys name was Anthony, he advised to get a combo meal since the sandwich and drink was the same price but without the fries. The Mac and cheese was a bit spicy and we took it back and asked them to make a less spicy version for our son.  Lucia (I believer the owner or manager came out) and explained the cheese sauce was made that way and she asked us if we would like to pick another item.  We couldn't decide on the grill cheese or the hot dog and Lucia said she get us both and it's on the house. The rolls were crisp and buttery. The lobster were moist.  Each item runs about $17 but it's worth it. If you are used to eating big portions, then the rolls might be a bit small for you. The fries were crispy and tasty. Everything was so good and tasty and they had great service.   I will definitely be back the next time I'm in Vegas.
3	Lobster Me was just OK for us.  I still think the lobster roll in Ogunquit, Maine is still the best and the freshest-tasting.  We had a problem with the lobster bisque and Cajun fries arriving at our table.  The lady offered us a free lemonade.  That was nice!  Note:  The lobster bisque takes a while to prepare as it's soup in a bread bowl.  I'm not sure why it was taking so long.  Then, they forgot the Cajun Fries.  Note:  You cannot charge the restaurant meal to your room at the Palazzo / Venetian.  That's too bad!  Another Note:  Go early for your meals 'cos they only have a few tables and chairs at their little restaurant space in the Grand Canal Shoppes.
2	Not impressed- $17 for a "worlds best lobster roll" & it was seriously the size of a child's sandwich.  Also, it was overcooked.  Really??  They could do better I don't care how expensive lobster is!!  Go somewhere else and save your money.
2	Wayy too overprice for the portion you get! Some of my friends had more lobster meat than others. Not fair lol. Plus service looked a bit confused even with our numbers at our table. I wouldn't come back to eat here.
1	$33 (double meat) for a lobster roll with fries and coleslaw and a drink. The fries and slaw were fine but the lobster seemed a bit whack. Not a lot of flavor happening. If I would have paid $6 for the meal then we'd be talking maybe 4 stars. Even without the ridiculous price, I was thoroughly underwhelmed with this meal.
3	Located at the main food court next to Houdini's magic shopReally good lobster rolls, not great, but good especially for $18 for a small roll. Served 4 different styles, I tried the "original Maine" style which is served cold. I preferred it served hot but it was still good. The other styles I believe are served hot.Lobster tasted really fresh and the garlic bun was really good. Only thing is that it needed more sauce, i believe it was a combo of mayo and something else but it was good, wish they put on more.Way too pricey $18 for a tiny roll, it is really small and only enough for one person. It is good, but definitely not worth it in my opinion.
4	Had the Original Maine lobster roll combo w/ lobster me seasoned fries and it was delicious! Kids had the kids MAC n cheese and grilled cheese sandwich. Place is very family friendly, service was quick. I'll definitely be back next time I'm in Vegas.
5	I'm not a big lobster fan but this place was awesome. We got a Connecticut roll and the lobsicle and I was in heaven. I wasn't very hungry so I was just taking a couple bites from my partner's but ten we ended up getting another Connecticut roll. So much lobster, so much butter, so much goodness on my tongue. I'm glad my partner got sucked in looking at all the lobsicle ads everywhere cause it was definitely worth walking around the Venetian for 45 mins.
4	The food was very good and the staff provided friendly service. However, this is still a food court, fast food-esque spot, and the prices were just too much. My boyfriend and myself each ordered the connecticut roll and lobsicle and were happy with it; I just wasn't happy with the price for the amount of food that is served.
2	I was so excited to eat here! I love seafood and thought this was a great addition! I had the lobster tacos and I was sooooo disappointed. The amount of lobster meat was pathetic. It is soooooooooooooo ridiculously overpriced! Like crazy over priced for the amount you get. The tortillas where on the stale side. I'd rather cough up more $$ and go to a nice restaurant where you pay for what you get for! Almost $20 for tacos and stale chips! No presentation just average! The sauce is drowning the tacos that doesn't make them good! It's the quality of Del Tacos Shrimp or Fish tacos So disappointed, unless they fix it I don't see this place lasting sadly
2	Hubby was very excited to find out Lobster Me had opened but he didn't stay happy long. The original Maine roll at 17.00 was about the going rate he said but nowhere near the quality of a Fords Fish Shack. Fords would have never served overcooked lobster! I got fish and chips and at 12.00 it has to be the biggest ripoff on the menu. I got a vat of fries and 3 rectangles of fish that were about the size of the Trident brand fish sticks in the grocery frozen section, I got mine with ranch instead of tartar sauce but their ranch was not good. I was happy to try something new but I liked this spot better when the coffee bean and tea leaf was still there. We most definitely won't be returning.
4	SOOOOOO GOOD!!!!!!!!!!!! 4 and a half stars all day long!!!! The only thing holding this place back is its limited size and seating. It is kind on in a food court area at the Venetian/Palazzo and there is not a lot of places to sit.The classic Maine Lobster Roll was fantastic. I had the combo which was $21, but came with fries, coleslaw, a pound of lobster in the role, and a drink. Tasted great and was worth the price. Oh, and the fries were well above average.My wife had the lobster tacos and they must have been great because they were gone before I could even ask to try a bite.  It was something different, a little pricy but I feel it was worth it.
4	Fried lobster on a stick.. awesomeness. I ordered that along with a lobster roll and lobster mac n cheese. The stick was by far the best. The Cajun lobster roll was very good. The mac n cheese was ok. Not much lobster in it and the flavor wasn't anything extraordinary. But i would definitely go back for that lobster roll.
5	Compared to all the other food court options, this place stands above the rest.  Price is just slightly more than the steak and shake burger combo, or the Nathan's hotdog combo, but....it's lobster!!!!    I had an awesome lobster roll, the fries were great too.  Fresh squeezed lemonade, it was a great meal.
4	Honesty do not know what to rate this place! It was absolutely delicious lobster and absolutely expensive! $17 and $21 with fries and a drink. I shared the Connecticut lobster roll with French fries imagining a much larger roll but it was the tiniest of sandwiches. Not sharable but we made do since it was too late. The roll was delicious and left me wanting more! The bread itself soaked in the butter from the very juicy and fresh lobster. I will come back if I'm in a spending mood for lobster!
4	Tried it for the 1st time today and gotta say we enjoyed it.  Portions are kind of on the small size hence the 4 stars.  Luckily we were only looking for a snack and not a meal so the Connecticut lobster roll was able to hit the spot.  The bun roll was pipping hot and grilled to perfection.  The lobster meat was sweat and the butter really added to the overall taste of the roll.  We also ordered the chowder fries but that was a bit too salty for our taste.  Overall, a good place to get a snack especially if you are craving for lobster.
3	While waiting in line, starving, I was drooling and debating over which sandwich to go with and ultimately went with the classic maine lobster roll.  I pretty much always either get way too much food or not enough food, and of course this time I opted not to get the fries and drink for $4 more (In Vegas I know that's a steal, so I was mad at myself after I saw the size of the sandwich).  As others said, the potion size is tiny.  It said each sandwich  is a full pound, I obviously didn't measure it but it seemed small.  I feel that after so many people have mentioned the size, perhaps a "real life" size sandwich should be on display so people know what they're getting.  Size aside, the meat was fantastic as was the coleslaw that came with it (BONUS)!  I have been debating between 3 and 4 stars since I had this, a week ago, but have decided on 3 stars (3.5 if I could) due to not only the size but due to the fact that there was only one girl getting the orders ready on the outside of the kitchen.  She was incredibly efficient, fast, friendly and you could tell she knew what she was doing...but it was BUSY. I watched her take off at least 20 orders at one time.  There really needed to be another person helping her...it was around 12:30 so it wasn't an unexpected rush.  Regardless, the food was great.  Next time around, I'd try a different sandwich (and hope it was as good as the Classic) and get fries and a drink so I could walk away full!
5	Two Claws Up!Okay, first of all...people who are complaining about the price and quantity need to get a grip. It's, uh, lobster. And lobster is expensive! So if you're looking for a cheaper thing, just go to Subway and get an imitation seafood sub.
5	We had a wonderful lunch here yesterday. Started with the lobster Bloody Mary and it was excellent! We followed this up with two lobster rolls "Maine" style which were great and some battered fries which were awesome. The slaw that came with it was okay but not really needed. Also tried the lobster Mac and cheese which was the one weak point of the meal. The service was excellent and our cashier, drink maker, waiter Raul was terrific and made us feel like he really cared that we enjoyed the meal. So much better service than I ever expected at concept like this. We will return!
3	This was an accidentally find in Venetian/Palazzo (I never know which is which or where I'm at). The sandwiches are ~$17 and are pretty small, about the length of my hand.  But they're filling and good so I don't have any issues. If you have a huge appetite though, it may not be enough for you! One of us got the combo for $4 (drinks + fries) and I didn't care for the fries. They say they're "beer battered" and it just makes the outer part so thick and crunchy, not my favorite. It was a good one-time try and a nice sandwich but nothing I'd rush back for or crave.
1	I wish I could rate this place higher. I think that I just went on a bad day at the wrong time. I have to be honest in saying that I went on May 5th due to a co-worker speaking so highly of it. I went with three other people. Of all food ordered:Lobster chunks with friesFish tacos2 orders of the lobster rollFirst off, our "roll" was so greasy that you couldn't even taste the lobster. The two Of us felt so sick after a few bites. My friends lobster and fries looked like a kids meal. I actually felt bad for asking to go here for my birthday. The fish tacos looked good and my friend said that they were alright but it was less tacos and more fries. It was so bad that I will never go back. I hope they work out the kinks and maybe they have by now. I work in the hotel and eat out everyday. This was by far, the worst!
1	I would give no stars if that was an option. Below average food. Tartar sauce in packages (ew) that don't open. Probably for the better. They don't have half of what is on the menu. Tables were dirty. Staff was not helpful and seemed to not really care. Save yourself and DON'T GO. You are better off with. McD's Filet O Fish...it's that bad.
5	Found this gem w/ some co-workers (yes, companies do hold corporate events out in Vegas!) back in April and loved it! So for another Vegas trip a few weeks ago being that we were staying in the Venetian I was able to hit this place up 2 times!!Loved it! I think the Lobster & Chips is my favorite. One night I tried a sandwich, but I still prefer the Lobster & Chips. (The portions to price may seem small compared to the price needed... but it's probably portioned out appropriately anyways.)They do have a few alcoholic drinks.. a few taps and a few mixed drinks. I think I may have had a blueberry margarita (or mojito) or something. That was good!For me to go two days in a row to a place in Vegas... that's saying something. :)
3	I'm keeping this review short and sweet because it'll mirror the size of their lobster roll. Tasted good.  Small roll.  Tease.  It was an $18 snack.
4	Stubbled upon this place and since returning from Boston I've been craving lobster.  Husband and I ordered the Connecticut roll which is a basic lobster roll  but served warm and lobster is cooked in butter. Thoroughly loved it and great people watching. A little spendy but great. We split the roll which came with a side of coleslaw, also great... And Heineken, came to 26.38 FYI. Yum.
4	-Sunday afternoon (7/27), lunch time.Having been born and raised on the coast of Connecticut, I can tell you that finding a good warm lobster roll there is a lot harder than you might think.  Most places only serve the cold version which tastes ok but there is something about warming it up that really brings out the flavor of the lobster.  I was pleasantly surprised when we came across Lobster Me, located right outside the Venetian's food court.  We had the Connecticut style lobster roll ($17) and the lobster and chips ($13).  The dishes came with a small side of coleslaw.  The roll is toasted and buttery and filled with chucks of fresh tasting lobster meat. The lobster and chips consisted of deep dried lobster chunks and beer battered fries.  I've had deep fried lobster once before as an appetizer at an overpriced steakhouse and the ones at Lobster Me were just as tasty.  The fries are crunchy and well-done.  The place has bottles of ketchup, Sriracha and malt vinegar on the tables for dressing up your food.  Perhaps I've been raised to like malt vinegar on fried seafood and chowder, but  I've often noted that seafood places here that know enough to offer malt vinegar (a ubiquitous condiment at seafood shacks throughout the northeast), usually know a thing or two about serving up authentic tasting seafood.  And this place is no exception.Tip: Mix the ketchup and Sriracha together to make a spicy dipping sauce for the fries.If I had to quibble about anything, it would be that the coleslaw doesn't have very much dressing on it and borders on being too dry.  I like my coleslaw creamier.  This however is a small thing compared to the taste of the lobster.  The place makes for a great lunch spot and I will definitely be back to sample more of their menu.
3	At first, the service seemed slow and inefficient. Our drinks didn't even show up on the bartender's computer, so he couldn't make them. The packets of tartar sauce are impossible to get into even without butter all over my fingers. But the manager, Malcolm, saved the day. He's the best part of the joint and made things right.  At $17 a pop for entree and $9 per drink, I'd expect a some decent fresh tartar sauce and full paper cups of cole slaw. Skip the fish and chips, lobster and chips, and the fries. Try the lobsicle, el diablo roll, and lobster grilled cheese.
3	Enjoyed the diablo lobster roll and the clam chowder fries! We also ordered the Connecticut roll but it was mediocre. The staff was really friendly. It's a good place to come if want to go to a casual place and you're craving lobster rolls.
4	Service was 5 Star considering this is more of a take out kine joint.  I didn't expect such good service!  Staff was really friendly and helpful.  Their suggestions were right on!The Lobster Roll Connecticut Style was good but kinda small for the price. (this is why I removed a star)Chowder Fries had me happily confused.  Who woulda thought of putting chowder on top of fries.  Tasted so darn good together!!The Lobsicle!!!  Let's just say Heaven on a Stick!!!Blueberry Lemonade was yummy but would be even better with blueberry chunks (just a suggestion)
4	The Lobsicle: a deep-fried lobster tail on a stick. You really can't go wrong with that. It's around $14 and it's good. Staff are great-- when I declined a beverage (I had a bottle of water in my purse), the girl at the register asked if I'd like a cup of water. The place is attractive and I like the concept. It's Vegas, and maybe you want luxury food, but you don't want to dress up and go out someplace with tablecloths and a wine list. Yes, it's a little expensive-- it's lobster. They aren't ripping you off, they're just serving you a specialty item. I've had McDonald's lobster rolls in New Hampshire (yes, they really have them there, in season) and those aren't the same price as a Big Mac either.
3	Good lobster roll, bread is buttery and good size portion of lobster.  However, not the best I have had here in Vegas.  While good, not worth a trip to the strip for me personally.  Money we'll spent though I went during restaurant week 20 bucks for a roll, fries and a brownie, but I probably wouldn't pay more than that for what it is especially the size of it is pretty small.I'd have to say I prefer Todd English's or Double Helix Lobster rolls for the price and a bit more flavor.
4	DROOOLS. this is to die for. Excellent lobster roll and very savory! I got the Cajun lobster roll combo and it was so delish I wanted more and more! Unfortunately, the portion is so little and the price is high. My roll was good but all I got was a big piece of lobster. Other than that, I didnt get like 2-3 big pieces as the other pictures but it was soo good! Portions are fairly small. The fries are yummmyyy! Very little portion as well. Great location since its like right around the corner from where I was staying at (The Palazzo) On the other hand, my friend got the lobster mac and cheese and that was okay. I thought it was very plain... not enough cheese!!!!! The lobster mac and cheese portion was okay! Enough for 1 person. I also got to try the clam chowder fries! It was gooooood!!  That was one of my favorite dish.
4	Good food... although it doesn't look as you're getting a whole pound of lobster as they heavily advertise... but really delicious.The freaking lobsicle is really good - although tiny...
4	The staff at this location are awesome and provide excellent service.Pricing seems a bit high for the ambiance but the food and drinks deliver.  Locals can get a 20 percent discount.  The Lobster Mary was very flavorful and the full lobster claw was beautiful.  The bread on the lobster roll was toasted perfectly and the lobster was fresh and tasty but a little overseasoned.  They also have the best french fries.
3	What do they serve at Lobster Me?  LOBSTER!  This place is located in the Venetian on the second floor near the escalators near the floors 1-16 elevators.  Their menu consists of lobster rolls, lobster claws, lobster tacos, lobster mac and cheese, lobster grilled cheese, soups and hot dogs.  I ordered the lobster grilled cheese and it was quite tasty.  They added a good portion of lobster in the grilled cheese.  The prices are high and the size of the rolls are a little small but then again it's lobster.  You order your food, get a number, and find a table so this is more of a fast food theme restaurant.
1	I've eaten a lot of Lobster Rolls, but I have to say this is The Absolute Worse One Ever and they are rude to top it off. It was dry dry dry dry omg $26 sandwich yuck
5	Well, I ate here 4 times in 3 days, so I can't in good conscience give anything but 5 stars. I got the Connecticut roll every time...soaked in butter and completely satisfying. Got the fries one night as well, which were fantastic. Stay out of SLC please.
1	Ambiance: 2 - Definitely the worser of the two Lobster Me that exist in Las Vegas, this location is definitely not as good as the PH. However, this one does have a cute, almost private eating lounge that I really like. The restaurant is basically a fast food, take-out Lobster Shack, and looks accordingly with what it represents. Service: 2 - Service was good, but slow. I feel like if they took a shorter time preparing their sandwiches, they would get a little better reviews on the service side. Food: 1 - Taste at this location = not so good!! I ordered the Connecticut and I remember the sandwich at the PH being bigger, and also less dry. My lobster was so dry, it took away from the taste. Dryness of lobster usually results from overcooking and/or the amount of time spent preparing the sandwich. They might want to spend time correcting this! I would have liked to see a helping of buttery sauce with my sandwich.The dryness was just so overpowering that eating fries and coleslaw didn't help--it actually made it worse. For spending such a hefty price on a very small sandwich that didn't even have a ton of lobster, I would have liked it to be prepared much better. Disappointed! =/
5	My boyfriend and I shared the Connecticut Roll with the lobster me fries it was delicious and fairly priced! The workers there were very friendly and helpful as I was unsure of how big the roll was. Will definitely come back when I'm in town again.
3	Walking through the Venetian you stumble upon this place in a food court.  It was a bit of a surprise to me.  Food court of the rich & famous!  I only wish they had a Mickydees there too so I could complain about having lobster in my teeth next to a dollar menu-nair..  Never would have though that something so pricey would compete for space in such an absurd location?So yeah the lobster rolls are 17 bucks.  They essentially are a small 1lb lobster crammed into a single piece of Texas toast folded in half.  Your options are Maine style(cold) Connecticut (warm with butter & lemon) or spicy/Cajun versions of the two.  What did I choose?  That's a no brainer.  Connecticut style of course.  There's just not a lot of meat on a 1lb lobster so it disappeared before I could remember to take a pic for you guys.  Oh man was it good!  The bread was toasty & soft.  The lobster was warm & buttery.  For being so small it was mighty dee-lish.  That's what she said.  No really, I split it with my girl & she did say that.  3.5/5 only because of the size.  You could double the lobsty for another 10$, but I would have to score it lower due to the price raising to 27$.To offset the little L-Roll.  We also got the Lobster & Chips for 13$.  Chunks of tail battered and fried.  There was a decent amount in there.  Now the "chips" basically fries.  These were crispy and great.  Greasy as all Hell though.  For the value and novelty I'd say 4/5 solidService was satisfactory and generally nice for food court standards.Price doesn't scare me, if I have a hankering.   I'll be back.
1	All I can say is tasteless, nasty and expensive..don't waste your time. Lobster has no flavor which I assume is due to being farm raised and frozen. The bread is stale and bland...Chowder on chowder fries tasted like watered down 7-11 cheese sauce...to top it off our order came out wrong, they took the wrong sandwich back to sub for the right one  & just added butter to the top of the one sent back and pretended like it was the new re-made sandwich!! All this for a whopping $46.30 per person!! Such a waste!!!!
5	If you're a fan of lobster, you're gonna love this place. Must try the lobsicle (lobster tail on a stick) and the chowder fries. The rolls are a about $17, a bit pricier than most rolls, but nonetheless delicious and well-worth it!
5	Every time my friends and I see this place we have to stop and get something even if we had it earlier.   It is that good, if you are a seafood lover.    It's all about their Maine roll with a toasted bun, YUM!!! I wasn't really into lobster until this place.   Hands down, a must in Vegas!
4	Fast food lobster - what could be better? I had the Lobster Mary for lunch...so perfect! Gotta love Vegas.
3	Fast food lobster...only in America.When I saw this and also realized I would be staying at the Venetian on my recent trip to Vegas, I knew I had to try it.So random for it to be hidden away in this food court...almost too hidden. And while it's supposed to be fast food, the prices said "Vegas"; $32 for a lunch for 2! And that is without alcohol!I had the lobster tacos...they were decent and flavourful. My friend had the lobster and chips - in fairness, the server did warn that there were only 4 chunks of lobster - but seriously? For $13? Overall I am happy to have tried it! But I'm the next trip to Vegas it is likely not worth a repeat.
4	From: ChefDan the FlavorKingDISCLAIMER: - If you only LIKE lobster, it's not going to blow your skirt up. On a budget? Don't do it. - If you're from New England, you might be disappointed....dunno.And ignore reviews about price...IT'S LOBSTER! This amount of lobster and potato costs $32.00 in restaurants, much less Vegas.This is my favorite meal in Vegas! As a chef it's easy to overpower delicate items like crab and lobster, and New Englanders found a way around that.Now I'm not giving these guys credit for anything original. I'm giving them credit for bringing this to Vegas. Do either the Original but ask for it warm, or the Connecticut. The Diablo seemed too overbearing so didn't try it.Lobster Tacos I was told were good. Wish I tried the Chowder fries and Lobster Mac.On the second round I double-downed on the lobster for $10 more. It went fast but holy crap. This is lobster-heroine.
2	It's over priced for what you get. The lobster mac and cheese says the lobsters blended in but what you get is cold lobster thrown on top of Mac & Cheese. The only thing worth the money is the lobster bisque in a bread bowl.  If you have money to spare you could eat here or save your money and eat at a sit down restaurant.
4	Lobsicle is delicious, you  can either deep fried or grill! You can also add $3 more for fries & drink or add $4 for soup & drink, it's really a good deal since the soup itself already cost $9. Enjoy!!
4	Great grub. This is walk up joint in the Venetian Shops area. Great food but as expected Vegas prices. They are very proud of their food, but they have a reason to be. It is very good. I asked the guy if I had to get one thing he said the Lobster Tacos. I was surprised he did not say a roll since this is their premier item.I went with his call and man, these things were great. What I would also compliment them on is that they don't skimp on the meat and it is not a bunch of nasty claw tip. It is the sweet meat. I devoured these and then went up to grab a roll. They were great as well, but If I had one regret, I would have gotten the Lobsicle. It looks like a lobster corn dog. Still wishing I had tried that. All in all I was very happy with this place. The staff was friendly and the food was great.
4	So the lobsters on sticks were very tasty (we tried the fried and the grilled) and people there will us were really enjoying their lobster rolls. Also they had this delicious apple cider which I tried and thoroughly enjoyed. Next time though, I think I'll opt out of the regular fries for more protein as they were kind of dry but just my opinion because Hubby loved them.
3	After hanging out in Vegas for a week and seeing Lobsicle advertisements all over, I decided to give this place a try. I got the fish and chips to play it safe and it was decent. You don't get that many pieces of lobster for the price but the basket was full of fries which was nice. For having special seasonings for their food offerings, I was a little surprised that their tartar sauce was in generic packets. Probably won't be back, but the food was decent so I have no real complaints about that.
2	Solid 2 stars for me. Pretty mediocre. The lobster quality isn't great and the mac and cheese is made with fake velveeta-ish cheese. Wouldn't recommend it.
2	First off, I am by no means no lobster connoisseur. Having only had a few rolls mostly in Boston finding on that compares to the east coast or real thing is hard to find this far away from the New England area. I was craving a lobster roll so I sought out this place as I had seen it before on a previous trip to LV. This place is over priced and yes yes....I know it's Vegas.The lobster roll comes in four different variations: Maine "original" - naked w/ butter and served chilledConnecticut - naked w/ butter served warmCajun - just with cajun spiceEl Diablo - with a spicy tomato based sauceAll rolls were $17 except the El Diablo ($18) one.The roll was definitely not worth the price.  They state that you will get lobster meat from a 1lb lobster. They do not look like the picture nor what you get on the east coast (large pieces of lobster). The lobster meat is diced so much that it's almost lobster "tuna fish" One can also order fries and a drink for an additional $3, or a cup of chowder or lobster bisque and a drink for an additional $4 or chowder fries and a drink for an additional $6. I opted for the drink and a cup of lobster bisque with a side of cajun fries. See picture below. It was what you would expect from a "fast-foodish" lobster joint in Vegas. Nothing to brag about.For the none roll types, there were also a few other lobster options that sounded good but probably that is as far as it goes. - Lobsicle $14 a deep fried or grilled lobster tail on a stick.- Lobster Mac and Cheese- Lobster tacos- Lobster grilled cheeseOverall, I'll have to continue sticking to the real deal over on the east coast when it comes to lobster rolls.
4	This place was SO good!  I had the lobster grilled cheese, my husband had the lobster mac n cheese, and we split some chowder fries. The fries were insanely good. They were beer batter and had a perfect crisp to them. Then there was a good amount of chowder, cheese sauce and then bacon put on top. The crisp fries became softer but not mushy which is always a plus. The lobster grilled cheese had a lot of strong cheeses in it so you must be into that in order to enjoy.... which I definitely did.  There was a good amount of lobster mixed in too, unlike a lot of other places.  The Mac and cheese looked pretty standard which was shell noodles, cheese, and lobster sprinkled on top. My husband was really full after wards though. Maybe the noodles are heavy?  My children got their own kids plain Mac and cheese. They definitely could have split one! We will definitely be back!
4	If you are looking for a lobster fix, but not looking for something fancy, this is it.The traditional roll is just as I remember it from growing up in New England.  Not much mayo  (Good thing).  The lobster flavor comes through.  Best to get the meal deal for just $3.00 more you get the fries and a drink.  The fries are nicely seasoned.  This is not an everyday place as it is about $20 per person, but good.
3	Don't believe the pictures they have on the walls, actual lobster roll is much smaller than advertised. That being said, it wasn't horrible. Not a good deal for those from New England, but anyone will enjoy these!
4	Got the lobster roll.  Was really good but a little skimpy on the meat.  Fries really good.  Would come again seeing how we are locals.  Not as good as Maine Lobster Roll but not bad.  LOCALS GET 20% OFF. YOU HAVE TO ASK FOR IT.
3	split the CT roll w. my friend. we added the chowder fries and drink to make a meal of it. I had iced coffee already so I let him have the drink.Our total was $25+ kind of on the pricier side, but it's LOBSTER!I wish the CT roll was a tad bit bigger. I didn't like how the lobster was minced up so small, but it was tasty. Bread was extra buttery. Chowder fries were amazing though. Whoever thought to put chowder over fries is a genius.
5	One word to describe with place "Delicious"I was on a get-a-way to Las Vegas this week and I wanted to check out Lobster ME. I was very happy with my lobster roll I ordered the Cajun Style which was a good choice! The staff was very friendly and attentive to there customers I would highly recommend eating at Lobster ME I plan to go back next time I visit Vegas!
4	It's a little pricey, but you get so much lobster. I like that they let the lobster do the talking and it's not too heavily seasoned or globbed with mayo. The bread was perfect, too. All-in-all, I really enjoyed it and have no idea what people are griping about. Fries were excellent, as well!
4	Food:  I ordered the original Maine lobster roll.  My fiancee ordered the clam chowder.  Both were pretty good meals.Food rating:  4/5Service  Service here is decent.  Service rating:  3.5/5Price:  Expect to pay about $12+ per itemOverall:  Good late night place to snack on.
4	Other than the price being ridiculous, this place is pretty good. The lobsicle which I got battered and fried was very juicy and succulent. Would only suggest that they use a different type of breading if possible. Also got the truffle lobster roll. Again was really good and flavors were on point. Good service from the cashiers on multiple requests.
5	Its a good restaurant. I passed here yesterday but I was full. Next day I came here for food which is very delicious. Somehow, the price is a little bit high but it's lobster.  The sandwich are awesome. I ordered original Maine style lobster toll with chowder fries and drink. The meat of lobster makes me happy because it has a lot. This is my last restaurant in Vegas.
5	My new must go-to next time or everytime I'm in Vegas. Came here twice during the same trip.This is one of the better lobster rolls I've had. I'd almost compare it to the lobster roll I had at Connie & Ted's, but this one is better because it's the same size, but better price.The lobster roll has a delicious buttery bread roll and the lobster is plentiful. Both chips and/or fries with the roll are really good (surprisingly since most of the time, you expect paired chips or fries to be a filler that isn't that tasty, and just serve as a plate filler). The chips and fries taste hand made and have good flavor.Ordered and really enjoyed both:- Maine style lobster roll (mayo-y, creamy and good)- Conneticut lobster roll (buttery and warm and delicious)- Clam chowder (decent soup)Would love to try the other items on the menu next time. Wish there was a Lobster Me in LA.
3	Since I'm a lover for lobster rolls, I decided to come here for lunch.  My husband and I decided to split a combo.  The lobster roll was ok.  I didn't like that the meat was chopped in tiny pieces (reminds me of canned tuna).  I also didn't like how the slit of the bun was just barely half way through the bread.  It makes me feel like they're trying to save on lobster meat.  With each bite we made, the meat fell out of the bun.  The chowder fries were ok.  Nothing to rave about.  For over $20, I was pretty dissatisfied with the portions I was given.
