1	I will bet my money that the fish is frozen!! It looks like those frozen breaded fish sticks that you get out of the box...remember when you were a kid?The salad was fine but the dressing I swear was the Kraft stuff - which is ok if that's what you want......somehow I was wishing that we stayed home.The quality of the meal was pretty disappointing at best - so I dont remember anything else.
1	Tried to eat here on Saturday night.  I say "tried" because we never ended up seeing our server.  We were seated promptly in a section with only two tables full.  The thing is, our server never came.  Never.  No "hello", no "I'll be with you in a moment", nothing.  Very strange, since the place was NOT busy.  A confused busboy walked by, and another waiter walked by, but nobody every came to our table.  WTF!?  We left after 10 minutes.  So, definitely give McGrath's a try if you want to be ignored.
2	Horribly slow service, empty restaurant, salty broth, EXCELLENT live oysters--server didn't know the menu. Not seeing a "raw bar" platter, I asked for it, was rebuffed and then saw "raw bar" options in the separate drinks menu--the live oysters were awesome. So tasty!--restaurant is cavernous but there is no one dining here. Go try the oysters.
3	I'm glad I didn't get a chance to read the reviews here before I had my first visit, or I may not have given McGrath's a chance!  I arrived shortly after 11a (when my first visit to White Chocolate Grill turned out to be a bust since all of their breads contained corn syrup or some other allergen and so did the desserts- it struck me that the server had had enough of checking with the kitchen, so I decided I'd save him more trouble and take my business elsewhere) and was one of their first customers, so perhaps this led to my not having any problems with service.  I found it refreshing to be able to ask the manager, who served as the host that morning, many questions and have him immediately know the answers (he only had to go back maybe twice).  This means that I don't get to annoy my server as much, although the server that day was very friendly and understanding- she also has a few food allergies to grapple with!I had the parmesan-crusted cod, with veggies and wild rice.  However, the rice had allergens, but the server didn't even hesitate to ask what I'd like to substitute it with.  No frowns, no annoyed pauses.  Excellent service.  Afterwards, she even offered a complimentary birthday sundae!
3	Was Aileen B. with me?  Actually, a couple of friends and I had dinner here last night, and if it were not for the terrific service, I would not have given this restaurant 3 stars.  The food was simply not good.  But where else in Scottsdale can one get a meal for $14.99, including bread and salad!?The martini's were darn good, and a great bartender knows that we want that extra little yummy bit that is left in the shaker once he's poured!  This bartender did not disappoint.My friends and I were celebrating our birthdays.  After two drinks, we had the courage to ask the Server if he could convince the General Manager and the Vice President (who were visiting that day) to come over and sing us Happy Birthday.  The General Manager did so with a smile on his face.It's so sad when there is great service like this that the food is not better.  Where will these great Servers go when the place closes down?
4	McGraths in Scottsdale is CLOSED!!!!!The wife and I actually stepped in for lunch here today and they have a pretty affordable lunch menu. We both had halibut and shrimp fried with french fries. very good stuff! The Cole Slaw is also very good, creamy and flavorful. Coming from the Pacific North West I am very particular about fish. This halibut was white, solid and flaky. I'll be trying out the Soup and Salad next time. Gotta' have good clam chowder or it just aint' a fish house!
2	Tried to pop into White Chocolate Grill the other night only to find an hour and a half wait.  Should have waited!  Instead we walked across the parking lot and found a cheap seafood chain that is actually worse than Red Lobster.  Please stay away as you will only be disappointed by their failure at every turn.  The only reason for the second star was that our server was actually quite funny.  We probably should have been able to guess the quality of food we were in store for when the Mahi Mahi was $9.
1	Honestly, I don't know why there's two different pages for the same restaurant, but regardless this restaurant is CLOSED!I would've given the restaurant three stars for inconsistent service, but hurry up and mark this closed so you don't give false hope of close seafood.
