2	It's been awhile since I've been to an IHOP. My first at this one. My friend and I went in on Labor Day to try their new crepes. They have been advertising these on TV and we were trying to kill some time before our next appointment.What we had:Chicken Florentine Crepes and Crispy Banana Caramel CheesecakeThis was not our first choice. We really wanted breakfast and they were advertising a breakfast special from $4.99 - $6.99 with a fruit crepe. We wanted to find out how much it would cost to order an additional fruit crepe with one of the specials. The waiter told me it would cost an additional $3.99 with the order. We thought something wasn't right as the lowest price breakfast special was only $1.00 more than for an extra crepe??? We chose the Chicken Florentine Crepe. It was tasty, a little on the greasy side. It consisted of chicken breast strips (I didn't see any chicken strips, but there was chicken breast pieces), fresh spinach, mushrooms and onions, lightly seasoned, with Swiss cheese topped with hollandaise sauce for $7.99.  It didn't say it was an a la carte item, but there wasn't any fries or salad that accompanied this dish, just the two crepes.We finished it off with their Crispy Banana Caramel Cheesecake. It's suppose to be cheesecake with chunks of bananas and caramel, quick fried in a flaky pastry tortilla sprinkled with cinnamon sugar and whipped cream.  I can't say there were any bananas in the filling, but there were some on the plate. I've never had anything quite like this, but it was ok.They need to work on their presentation.  When they brought out the Chicken Florentine Crepes, it looked very plain like something was missing on the plate, maybe a little garnish, some fries or fruit would of been nice.  I still want to try the fruit crepes, maybe another time.
3	I have certain expectations walking into a 24hr IHOP at 10:30 on a Friday night.  Bland, perhaps improperly prepared food, glassy eyed customers, and service wavering between lackadaisical and perfunctory. Maybe someone will speak English. So, I was kinda bowled over when the teen and I stopped in after an ASU ballgame and were immediatey greeted by a cheerful young hostess who obviously enjoyed her job. Call me a rube, but I'm a sucker for a kid like that, who strikes up a conversation and makes you feel welcome in what is otherwise, let's face it, a pretty dreary  restaurant. Two stars just for her.And a star for our polite, attentive waiter, Elias, who got everything right the first time, suggested and brought condiments I wouldn't have asked for on my own, brought refills, etc. The food? Hey, it's an IHOP. My club sandwich was okay, ordinary, the kid didnt finish his eggs. The onion rings were perfect; hot, incredibly  crunchy and greasy enough to require a napkin. We finished those. One thing I didnt like, and the sort of thing I half dread at a discount Friday night hangout,  is the blonde cashier spent her time between sales seated in an adjacent booth, while her hormonally challenged BF rubbed himself against her person. I like foreplay as much as the next guy, and if it was a couple customers, I  wouldnt feel so indignant. But I just loathe employees who cant seem to separate rudimentary work etiquette from their breathless, all-encompassing personal lives. But the reason I bothered to writeup this IHOP was to give a shout to our waiter and hostess, neither of whom I know, who both really took pride in their jobs. You dont always see that, late at night in a pancake house,  and I'd come here again just because of them. You should too.
3	So I recently went here with a friend of mine because they were craving IHOP, and I didn't care were we went to eat as long is it had food.I got one of there new healthy choice menu items the balsamic chicken and my friend got the club sandwich with a side salad and a side of pancakes...don't ask.The food was surprisingly really good and the service was excellent.
1	HOLIDAY PANCAKES, OH MY!!!!What was I thinking?! I wasn't. This is what happens when you feed yourself based on a craving. Boy was I wrong to do this to myself. Walking in, it felt like a ghost town. No one was there to greet us and there were 2 other guests in the dining area. Oh yeah, it was also a Tuesday night (7 pm-ish). Maybe I should have went to the Chipotle nearby but they didn't have pancakes!Our server seemed real anxious to get our order even before I had a chance to  take off my jacket and get seated. My brother ordered the chicken fried steak but she said:SERVER:"We're not allowed to serve that for the time being."BROTHER: "Um. Why? What happened?"SERVER: "Well it didn't happen to us but there was a problem at another location. They found glass in them."We should have left but we didn't. We ordered our food and waited longer than we should have for diner food.It was just as I expected, crap diner food. The International House of Pancakes has failed me. I no longer enjoy this home of the fruity tooty fresh and fruity. It has become a grease pit.
3	Daniel was a very attentive server, beyond the expectation of I have of most servers, and certainly beyond my expectation at IHOP.The manager allowed us to get kids meal free since it was still on website, despite the promotion having already ended.The food was tasty, albeit plain.The strawberry lemonade was a disappointment; I wish I had known they used only strawberry syrup.I go to IHOPs occasionally, but this one isn't close to me, so I will not likely return.
5	This is by far, my favorite location.  Although I have moved into the far north-valley, I still make a trip here several times a month.  The service is great, the food is consistently good, and I am always treated as a valued guest with each visit.
3	We went here for a "Father's Day Breakfast".... along with everyone else in the neighborhood around 9am. Ha!But with just a party of two, it surprisingly really only took 10 minutes. Gladys, our server, was extremely friendly AND efficient! 5*'s for her......But I opted for the International Omelette (of course, I have a flair for international anything) and the whole-grain pancakes. YUMMMMMM....The omelette was CRAZY HUGE... and the pankcakes were the bomb! My first time with the IHOP nutty, whole-grain pancakes... and I want more. The whole-grain pancakes are extremely filling... and nutty. Sooo sooo good! I'll definitely order those kinda pancakes next time we're back.
5	When I am in the vicinity and in dire need of sustenance after another trying day, I know this Ihop has the gut busting weapons of mass seduction. Oh yes, my stomach becomes sentient and consciously guides me to their menu growling when it sees something it desires. As I order their pancakes and watch the butter dissolving into the spongy goodness of pancake DNA I know it is going to get better. For then, after, I choose from my weaponry. "Which flavor of syrup shall I have today stomach?" Today he is plain. He just growls for old fashioned maple syrup, and I oblige. As I'm drenching it I think to myself Leonardo wouldn't have spent so long painting Mona Lisa if he knew this beauty could be realized in life. Every ounce of my being is devoted to the delicious menu at Ihop. I never used to believe in vampires, but now I do. Except it's not blood we crave, it's Ihop.
3	I enjoy I HOP.  They have fantastic pancakes and love the scrambled eggs.  Also, it is a nice option that you can request egg substitute and turkey bacon for any meal that includes eggs and bacon.  The menu gives a lot of choices and our server was great.  My only complaint is that I picked up the Butter Pecan syrup (the best one IMHO) and the bottom of the container was stickey and hard to get out of the holder that has all the flavored syrups.  I would rate IHOP as a dependable place to eat.
2	this place was ok, service was alright, just too busy and crowded, food wasnt that good, was just hungry and it wanted some breakfast food...
1	i've always liked ihop as a kid but now that im older i watch where my dollar goes and when i have poor service im not giving up my dollar to anybody with that said we entered this IHOP we were seated rather quick by the host our waitress came once asked about our drinks we never saw her again this was early sunday so myself and my family promptly get up and exit no one attempts to ask what's wrong the host was really the only one concerned but made no comment in fact she kinda looked as if that happened before this is not good IHOP
4	Came here last Friday for a team lunch 2/10/2012. The service wasn't that bad and was pretty good. I ordered their new burger, the bacon n beef bacon burger. It was pretty good and tasty. The patty was cooked well done and I enjoyed it to the last bite.
2	Expensive and small portions. If there is a Fast Eddie's near you, go there instead. Great price and good portions.
2	I took my mother, father and great nephew out for breakfast this morning. I'll say the food was good. But...My mother had to leave for an emergency and we asked for her food to go.  This was about ten minutes before the food was ready.  They brought her food out with everyone elses food set it on an empty table for over thirty minutes. When our waitress finally returned I again asked for the food to go. I asked for Tabasco sauce but was grossed out by the crusty stuff around the top of the bottle.  No Tabasco for me today!It only takes a little bad customer service and lack of cleanliness for a good trip to go bad!
5	Mmmmmm soo good i love the splash berry drinks and the omlets r so packed
2	So I LOVE iHop. I really do. I go like every week to iHop on Fridays usually for a dinner and a movie type thing with my boyfriend. I went to this one twice, the first time I remember coming and it was okay. Not good. Not bad. The second time I went I decided I will never go again. DISCLAIMER: I AM NOT HERE TO BASH ANYONE, BUT I AM HERE TO BE REAL AND HONEST.This particular iHop is horrible, in a way that makes you question iHop in general. If I know someone who has never been to one, I would NOT send them to this location. (try Central Avenue or the one in Tempe) Review: When we arrived, we had to wait to be seated, not because of a line or anything, just because the hostess wasn't there to greet us. We finally sat down and our server came shortly after. I asked for a hot chocolate with caramel and a water, and he brought me out my drinks. He then proceeded to take my order. Finally get my order and the food looks terrible. He forgets to bring things out for us, the standard: hot sauce and hot syrup. He wasn't a good waiter, he looked like he rather be else where. He never came back to refill out drinks or ask us anything, he finally brought us the check, and we tried to cash out only waiting ten minutes for the hostess to come back again. This iHop isn't my favorite. I won't be returning because the experience of iHop should be a much better one. I have been to a lot of iHops around Phoenix and the too mentioned above are much better.
4	So we had dinner here last night; the service was slower than a herd of turtles stampeding through peanut butter, and I was even tempted to cancel our order and walk out, but we didn't.  We waited for our food and when it finally arrived it was very tasty, as is always the case at IHOP.  But the wait, oh holy cow that wait was something else...  I've been here numerous times in the past and never experienced a wait like that before.   They must've been training a new cook or something...Also, annoyingly our waitress failed to mention that kids eat free between 4 and 8 PM and so not wanting to order a $4.00+ dinner for my toddler (who'd waste most of it by playing with it) I just had her eat off of my plate. We did order a kid's meal for our 6 year old son though.  It wasn't until we got to the register and we're told by the cashier told that kid's eat free every day between 4 and 8 PM, and that they'd take the cost of my son's dinner off of the bill.  That was nice to know after the fact, but it would have been VERY helpful to know that when we were ordering too.  That way I could have had more of my own food, instead of sacrificing about a quarter of it for my daughter to mash in her tiny fists and attempt to throw it on the floor. (I don't think she actually ate more than two tablespoons worth!)My husband ordered the 'make your own omelet' deal with spinach and tomatoes and he absolutely loved it.  He raved about it afterwards.  Our son ordered a chocolate chip, smiley face pancake which he devoured, and I had the 2 pancakes, 2 eggs, 2 bacon strips and hash browns combo dinner.  It was all very, very good.  I'll tell you what, people can make all the high-brow comments they want about how IHOP is so pedestrian and mundane, but damn, they do pancakes PERFECTLY.  I'm not a food elitist, but I certainly know yummy food when I see it.  Let's be honest, I'm not going there for the hipster vibe, or to check in on Foursquare and take pictures of my food with Instagram, or because it's some cutesy boutique-fair trade-vege-soy-atarian-blah-blah-hip place that all the critics are swooning over.  Nope, I go there because their pancakes are delicious and their prices are reasonable.  You should go there too.PS:  Their new cook (if that's what the problem was last night) better get their act together ASAP.  When a die-hard IHOP fan is contemplating canceling their dinner order and leaving over the wait then you are *officially* taking too damn long to deliver the food!
4	Had brunch here a couple weeks ago, the service was quick and pleasant. This IHOP was in good repair. A took off a star because, while I feel their food is a good value, it is mostly cheap, comfort, breakfast food. As long as thats what you are looking for you won't be disappointed.
4	This is another place that has been around these parts for a long time now.I have visted it a few times over the years I must say.Always decent. Always very busy, they work hard here.They are always having more people cmoe in. It has got to be tough on them. But, they always smile and they always get everything right.This visit I got the Chicken Crepes. I have to say I really like it and I am not a chicken fan at all. Also got some eggs and pancakes. Nice and hot and I really do appreciate that.Lots of parking. Great location. Right down the street from the airport.God knows we are always going by it for something.Bathrooms are clean as well. Which is another good thing.
4	I almost always stop here for breakfast on my Costco runs. This location is always clean, bright,  and the breakfast  is always good/great. Just seems less greasy and fresher somehow. Today, we both enjoyed some crepes off the holiday menu. They were outstanding. As stated in other reviews, your experience here is highly dependent on how busy they are and your server. Ours was excellent.  Happy holiday Miranda!
3	Breakfast this morning was a good oneLiz was great as our server Not only was she nice and friendlyBut she was also very prompt and made sure that we were taken care ofShe got me coffee when I needed itAnd made sure the food was to my likingEven though there was such a big crowdShe always managed to check on meThe food itself was alrightBreakfast isn't a meal that I'm very critical on simply because I'm rarely up early enough to have it :)
3	This place was a little ghetto. Wait staff was trying to joke and be funny, but they came off as rude. Waitress smelled of smoke. Food was good and it came out quick.
2	Two stars only because it was free and they donate to charity.  Dirty restaurant and bland food.
2	I am a big ihop fan although I rarely indulge given the portion size usually leading to an afternoon nap. However, we were on vacation and it seemed like an ideal time to indulge in a pancake fix wit a side of some egg concoction.The waitress was prompt, professional and took and delivered our drink orders quickly.  We weren't as lucky in the food. The ordering was prompt but we waited about 25 minutes to have the food delivered. Unfortunately the pancakes were too brown and the syrup was cold. Omelettes were good so all was not bad, however, my pancake indulgence was severely disappointing.
5	I ordered the rooty tooty breakfast, which was good. Service was fast. Drinks are overpriced. Coffee was $2.19 and OJ was $2.79. Half the coat of our meal was drinks.
1	This has to be the worst ihop I have ever been to. It was an off hour, and they were fairly slow. Despite this, it took nearly 15 minutes for the server to take our order, and another 25 minutes to get it. When I complained, all I got was attitude. Note to ihop, there are plenty of restaurants in my area that are willing to treat me right. I will never return here again.
5	Besides the fact that the whole iHop parking lot was flooded, and the only way to get here was to jump over a puddle, the place was pretty packed. Gives a new definition to the name IHOP. Service was quick and servers were nice. Thank you iHop. No wifi :( maybe they can work to get this done. 5 stars nonetheless
