5	BEAUTIFUL salon!  The receptionists were really nice and I chatted with them while waiting for Jayme, my aesthetician, to come up front.It's not too big, not too small.  The decor is sleek and "clean."  It wasn't really loud, which, as a beauty consultant, I find overwhelming if the music is too loud.Jayme was great with my "caterpillars" and even did a different shape, based on my face/eye shape.Super professional!Brow wax was $15.  I gave a $5 tip, too.
4	Gitty did a great job trimming my hair! I have very long hair, so it is more of just a trim, but she was very thorough and very friendly, I was definitely happy with the end results! Everyone was really nice and it is a very nice full service salon. Prices vary on stylist but it was average pricing about $35.00 It ranges from about $25-55 I believe depending on stylist.
4	I came here only because I was in town visiting my Mom and she was able to get me in with her nail gal for a mani and also with her hairstylist for a quick bang trim. First of let me say the salon really is gorgeous and everyone from the receptionists to everyone else I came in contact with were really sweet. I saw Joyce for my bangs - OMG. OMFG. I've had bangs most of my life and have generally been annoyed and unhappy with them. She trimmed them in a way I'd never seen before and I was instantly in love. When I got my hair done the other day I had to tell my hairdresser to finish it off with the vertical cut because after months of my own trims (and totally nailing it btw) it had finally gotten too far out of whack. How silly that a change in angle of scissors can make a girl so happy. My bangs fell into place every day up until last week (when I knew I had a hair apt on the horizon) on their own with no need to attempt to flat iron them into submission. LOVE them. Marty, Martie? did my nails - and supposedly she's about the same age as my Mom but sadly looks much more aged. She's a sweetie but I felt a bit awkward with her and she refused to cut my nails as short as I wanted because "they were too nice." My Mom wouldn't let me file them down when I left either because she didn't want me to ruin it. Hello...yes you made the appointment but I paid for it! So needless to say the minute I arrived back in town I immediately headed for the clippers. I wouldn't say it was an awful job but I didn't think it was worth the $25 or whatever it was either. I was recently back in AZ and was hoping to be rescued by Joyce again but alas, she was out for a family emergency :-(
5	My stylist is FANTASTIC. been coming here for years. Would follow her anywhere. The salon is pretty. They always have little yummies to nosh on. Staff is quite pleasant too.
5	If you go here ask for Gitty! both my boyfriend and I have her cut our hair and she is great! We love her! Super nice too!
4	Older clientele (don't go here for a hip salon) but solid professionals who know how to cut hair without messing it up :) Thought it was a little weird getting water in a ceramic coffee mug...I think plastic cups or water bottles would be better.
5	I've always been treated well @ D'ambrosio's despite my not exactly being 'N Scottsdale plastic'. :)
5	Angela's amazing. I have thin, blonde, curly hair so cut/coloring is sometimes difficult because the smallest change makes a huge difference. Always get the perfect cut/color from my girl Angela though
3	I've been coming here for a couple years and I think the salon is pretty and big. They offer waxes and have a mini store inside as well. It's not too expensive and they have many women and men there to cut and give your hair the right look for you.
5	After going there for many years it is always nice to get the call confirming your appointment and everyone is friendly.  I will say my Nail Technician is the Best!  Cheri Albert always keeps a close eye on time and makes sure you are comfortable.  She also keeps up with all the trends and is very gentle and through with her mani and pedi !  She  makes sure everything is sterile. I love getting a pedi from her because she gives a great massage on your feet and legs.   If you are looking for someone to give you a great mani or pedi , I highly recommend Cheri Albert.  This is why Cheri Albert has been my nail tech for 15 years.
5	I came in early Sat morning, no makeup, hair a mess and asked if someone can take me. the ladies at the front desk were courteous, friendly. Vale came up to the front and immediately, she was able to take me. she did a great job, knew what I wanted and helped fix multiple past haircuts that were not cut correctly. Awesome job and very decently priced. I'll be coming back!
5	I don't normally write reviews but this is one of my favorite salons in Arizona. The whole staff is super friendly and very professional. I get my cut and color with Milana. She's so cute and friendly, it's a blast every time I go. She's one of the only people I trust with my hair. She's even thorough with my deep conditioning. Love this place, can't wait for my next appointment.
