5	Clean environment. Friendly, professional staff. Reasonable fees.Easy scheduling.  Dr. Recupero neutered and vaccinated our cat Elvis. Elvis was fine, happy and playing in no time. We are so glad we took him to Comet Veterinary Hospital on Power Rd. in Mesa!
5	I have lived in the valley for over ten years, I have three cats and HAD an established vet . On a Saturday morning, my kitty cat got sick. So, I called my regular vet to have him seen and they had NO openings! They are no longer my vet. I called Dr. Recupero's office and they would take him within an hour. I was greeting by the most friendly and caring staff when I arrived and my kitty was seen immediately. Not to mention, I was NOT charged any emergency costs. It was a puzzle as to what was wrong with my cat so I left him with them all afternoon, also at NO additional charge. WOW, when I arrived to pick him up I was shown his urine, his blood, and his X-rays all explained in great detail. My total bill was a fraction of what it would have been at my regular vets office. Two great things came out of this: one, I know have a healthy, happy cat and two, I have found a new awesome vet right down the street from my home! Trust me you will not be disappointed with the quality care that your pet will receive here!
5	About 6 years ago my dog got away from us and ended up with a cholla cactus in his arm. Many of us tried unsecessfully to get it out and our pup was shaking and in pain. I drove her to Comet Vet Hospital, checkbook in hand! Dr Recupero, calm as can be, has me take her back. He muzzled her and then poof! Removed the cacti! Easy as can be! Then, as we were leaving I stood at the checkout and Dr. said no charge! Since that day he has been my vet. Two more puppies later, he is still my vet! Very professional office, reasonable prices, on time, and such a friendly staff. Dr. Recupero is a wonderful vet and I highly recommend him. So glad I found this practice!!
5	Wow, I was surprised that they were willing to take my cat Lucy as a walk in. I accidentally scheduled with our previous vet (I've been living in LA during the year and only come back home during the holidays), but my parents drove to Comet. I was in a compete mess thinking that Lucy wouldn't get seen for her little tumors, but they were willing to see her right away.Dr. Recupero is very straightforward and his assistants are always really great with our cats. I swear they have some magic with them. We can never get Lucy to behave so well and be compliant at home. Dr. Recupero performed the exam and told us our old cat was still in fine health. He seems pretty busy around the holidays, but was willing to schedule her in for a surgery to remove the little tumors anyway.I'm so glad the Comet is very flexible and Lucy was seen and can get her surgery soon.
