4	It's All in the Game is a beautiful baseball facility with super nice people. My 8-yr-old has gotten really into baseball and wanted to try out some batting cages. I live in NW Peoria so the pickings were pretty slim. Most of the places we went to were far, had too little control over the machines, crappy cages, and/or outrageously expensive prices.The prices here are still a little high, but you can do sessions for $3. They dial in the machine for your specific needs and the quality of the experience is top notch. There were a couple of recent pro draft picks working there and they were really nice to my son. Gave him autographs, some compliments and a quick tour of the pitching facilities. One of them even let him throw a few balls in the pitching tunnel and gave him some tips.  He was so excited by the whole experience.All in all, we will definitely be going back. And maybe even make it a special trip for the whole team.I only wish they had monthly membership pricing.
5	GREAT facility with excellent staff. All of them are or were ball players and have all have excellent people skills to offer as well. Much like first review, it was our first visit and they were more than happy to show us around and let us know they appreciated us stopping in. They set the cage up for my 10 y.o. son and made sure he was ready to go. Haven't had a private lesson yet but we are in the process of setting some up after watching one of the Coaches giving a lesson in cage next to the one my son was hitting in. Several drills, fast-paced and most important, all positive reinforcement for the kids he was working with. Probably best to go in a group of two or three and get a cage for a set amount of time, splitting the cost. It is a little pricey, but it's a top-notch facility so it falls under the "get what you pay for" category. All in all a good time and the boy can't wait to go back!
1	Beware of the cranky old man.  A buddy and I wanted to go in and hit some baseballs for fun the other day and noticed that they had two locations.  One near the softball fields and the other one on Paradise.  We went by the cages at the softball fields first since it was closest to us and they were closed for maintenance but said they would reopeon On Monday 9/23/13.  It was 9/24/2013, but no biggie, we just went to the other location.  When we got to the other location they let us know that their cages weren't open til 3pm.  Different hours for the same business was king of weird, but the young man behind the desk was giving us the scoop and we were disappointed but figured we would come back.  Some old man comes out of the office with this scowl on his face and the kid was verifying things with him at the cages.  He was extremely dismissive to us, almost as if we were a nuisance.  When we were leaving I informed him that his sign at the other location said that they were opening the previous day and he proceeds to go off on me about "No it doesnt" and "Your wrong" "I guess its still closed then isn't it".  Wasn't trying to start a fight, but just inform the man of the error.  Most business appreciate the feedback and dont want to run off potential future business.  Not this guy...Must hate his job.  This is how they treat their customers I guess.  Place was dead anyway, probably be closed and out of business soon like the rest.
