2	This gets 2 stars due to it being in Ceasar's :) Ok so this is another cut and paste why? Because it's Bash Fat Tuesday Day...Nah....they're not that bad..Mwahahaha ok ok it's kinda funny..You really gotta see them work."Today is Bash Fat Tuesday day....That means I get to copy my fat tuesday review and paste it on another one! Yes...I am the Fat Tuesday Slurpee bandit. Really....Get a margarita machine....Or better yet. Go to the Sev....and bring your own liquor and pour in about two oz of liquor per 16 oz of slurpee....Yes...rinse and repeat. There. That is your training class for Fat Tuesdays. You are now certified as a FAT TUESDAY BARTENDER. Thank you come again.OK --- Fat Tuesday = Not a bar.It's where 7-11 employees graduate to. Seriously a monkey can pour an adult slurpee. This place is for amateurs.When you first turn 21...This is a good place. "yea I want some red....and purple....and blue.....and mix it with a little white. Oh and put a shot of malibu...""Yea and can I get one for my girlfriend too? She wants purple....with green...and red....and white. No shot of malibu. It's too strong"Baby steps....baby steps....."
4	Went to the one @ the Forum Shops in Ceasars...Awwww Yessss What I look forward to when visiting sin city....A Nice Alcoholic Slurpee to quench my thirst!! Oh yeah!!! YUM! If I wanna quick buzz, i go for the 190 Octane with a shot of everclear! Yeah, that's how i roll!! But this time around I went for a Bellini w/ da shot! Tasty and refreshing!!! I think that was my 4th buzz of the day.....Fat Tuesday + Friends = Fun!!!
4	My first Fat Tuesday ever on my bachelorette party and it was YUMMY!! Delish mix of mango and bellini with a shot was a good buzz to get me through curling my hair and getting ready for Tryst that night! Ha!Next time I want to get the $17 one that goes around your neck, with 190 Octane and everclear! HahahahThanks Kyra R. for the good times!
4	Ah! I remember when I was 20, going to Vegas, and eyeing Fat Tuesday longingly. Fast forward 4 years, and I think I just had the best drink mix ever. The girl behind the counter gave us tastings, but you could tell she was rushing us. Understandable, as there is always a crowd at the counter. Kim & I shared the $17 Peach Bellini mixed with the Hurricane. Potent, delicious, and refreshing for a wonderfully sunny day on the strip.Fortunately:a) we didn't go with the big almost gallon sized one. it had straps to tie around your neck.. lolsandb) we already finished shopping... alcohol + forum shops = DANGER DANGER!c) http://farm3.static.flickr.com/2237/2386343373_2634b2c3d3.jpgUnfortunately:a) we weren't headed to clubbing just yet.b) we were going back to the hotel to meet up (aka wait for the rest of the group)c) waiting half an hour = sitting around playing with dsd) waiting half an hour = getting tirede) i was tired and sleepy and lost my buzz before we even went downstairs to go to the buffet. T_____TYay for Fat Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday, and Monday. Because I am Fat every day of the week!
4	Good idea in theory, but not in practice. Haha.In theory, this place is amazing. Talk about easy access to alcohol. Coming here to Fat Tuesday is like being at the slurpee machines at 7-11. All you have to do is make a choice, tell the "bartender" and within seconds...boom, you've got yourself a drink! For $8, you can get 20 oz. of some really potent liquor and mask the flavor of it with fruity juices and blended ice, together it is awesomeness in a cup - which to me is a deadly combination! In practice, just get ready to be sloshed by the time you finish it. I got a "Category 5 Hurricane" which is mixed with Bacardi 151. Since you can barely taste the alcohol, you may find yourself downing it quickly like me. By the time I reached the opposite end of the Forum Shops I was already wasted. Yeah, it's that strong.
4	Hubby and I are moving to a new place and during the requisite "cleaning out" phase of things, we discovered that a least half of our glassware was furnished by Fat Tuesday.I've have many fond (??) memories (???) of Fat Tuesday- this location, the MGM location, and the Planet Hollywood location.  The first time hubby and I went there, the result was a purchase of $1000 sunglasses that played MP3s (when I came out of what I like to call the "trance", they were returned). The second time resulted in an effing fabulous day with an even more effing fabulous hangover.  The most recent trip resulted in one of the best nights of my life.Things to try:190 Octane and the Hurricane. The jello shots are also good. Do not try:The fruit soaked in booze- even the guy serving us said it sucked.Also- keep your cup because you get a discount on refills- and then you don't have to buy glasses for your apartment.
4	Hee hee hee hee hee hee hee hee hee hee hee hee.....That's how I feel when I come here and get the 151.Then, I get brain freeze and that's not so funny.
5	I completely agree with Joyhan.... Giddyness is what happens when we see this place.. cause we know fun is just a straw away.... the cherry bombs are great- watch out though.. they'll knock you flat if you're not careful...last time i went there I got a yard of Strawberry Daiquiri with (count them ladies and gentlemen) 7 of those little tube-y things full of 151 .. i was ABSOLUTELY OBLITERATED... and it was wonderful.I look forward to my next Vegas-outing so i can hit F.T's first! Cheers!
5	Haven't been here in awhile, but it's still awesome, can't go wrong with alcoholic slurpees...isn't that what everyone made in college, anyway??? Yummy yummy drinks at GREAT prices. Easy to choose from since they all taste great. Bartender was nice. Will definitely come here again, next time will mix the flavors--I got sick of just mango after a couple sips.
5	Slushy booze. Need I say anything else?Hint--bring your expensive mug from your last visit for a cheaper 'refill.'
4	Fat T, you gave me a $7 buzz at my arrival before noon. You are the breakfast of champions.
5	My Favorite place to grab a drink!!! How to get sloshed in Vegas on a budget once you arrive from the airport:1) Land at the airport2) Holla at a taxi driver and say "Take me to Motha F-in Fat Tuesday's" (There are four locations so it shouldn't be hard to find one. Each one is in a major hotel on the strip.)3) Order the 190 Octane or the Hurricane and ask for two 151 beeker shots...go ahead and splurge they're only a dollar per shot4) Drink as fast as you can5)Attempt to check in at your hotel sober and have a swirly head day!great tasting, and comes in a variety of flavors + I seem to have good luck when carrying one around while gambling...don't hold me to that though...but yeah...it never hurts to give it a try
4	Always get an extra shot.  If you are a raging alcoholic this is pretty much just a slurpee.  Pace yourself cuz this stuff is full of sugar.  Its a good drink to become bigger than Tuesday.  Hence Fatty Tuesday.
5	Gotta try the Octane 190. The Yard sized drink is about $16, which is reasonable for the Strip.It may be tricky to find at first, but it's located in the back of the Forum shops by the Nike and Cheesecake Factory.Go get one of these, load up on an extra shot or two. Sip and enjoy a stroll down the strip.  Before you know it, you'll be buzzing like hell. Watch out for brain freeze!
4	Who doesn't love alcohol slurpees?  Oh wait, alcohol slurpees with an extra shot?  OH WAIT alcohol slurpees that actually taste good??  You had me at Vegas.The best way to do this place is with a bunch of people, get a bunch of flavors and straws and slurp your way down the strip.  Haha, slurp.  Anyway, seriously, this place has a bunch of flavors, you can mix and match as you wish or follow their recipes that they have printed on the sides of the bar.  There's Peach bellini, 190 Octane, Raging Bull (red bull flavor), pina colada, andddd a bunch more that I can't remember because uhhhh yeah alcohol??  The jello shots are also really good, you can't taste any of the alcohol but it'll hit you like a mack truck if you do too many.  You be the judge of how many is too many.  Always always always get an extra shot, it's a dollar and they give you either Bacardi 151 or some other vodka which is 153 proof sooooo drink up and hope to God that you remember the night.  Cheers.
5	So I figured for my 200th review it needed to be a 5-star rating. I didn't even know I never reviewed this place. Thanks Anne A. for pointing that out haha. I'm gonna tell you something, and I'm only gonna tell you once. Don't get the Octane 190. Don't get the Hurricane. Get both. Yes both.Ok, so I was introduced to the Magnum 44 by my frat bros on a random trip to Vegas. Its a mix of Hurricane and Octane 190 with a shot of Everclear. According to my bros' standards, its supposed to be 3, which i half enjoyed and half regret. If you're looking to get super trashed, this is THE drink to get. I would know, I had it twice in one day and I was sauced the entire afternoon/evening. 23 bucks in their tallest regular bong covers you. Because of Magnum 44 I stumbled into a jazz lounge at Bellagio and disrupted the ambiance talking nonsense at the top of my voice. Because of Magnum 44 I walked into the wrong hotel when I was trying to get back to my room. Because of Magnum 44 I threw up in the garbage can in front of the bathroom at MGM Grand and proceeded to finish in the bathroom like nothing happened. Because of Magnum 44 I blurted out in the taxi that I used to think 'this' was 'shit' backwards, but apparently my friend exclaimed that it was. Magnum 44 brings good times. I'll be in Vegas in a couple weeks. We will meet again soon Magnum. Cheerio.
4	Let's be honest, how many times have we been at Jamba Juice and thought, " this smoothie could really use a shot?" Well, the good people at Fat Tuesday were one giant step ahead of us. Brilliant!My favorite is the mudslide. So damn good. The best thing is, that when you order the girl working the counter asks you, " would you like to add a shot for $1?" You're god damn right I would. Apparently this girl is skilled in the finer art of mental telepathy. Becareful, this combination will get you pretty drunk. A very close second is the 190 Octane. That's right, this monster contains Everclear that is 190 proof. It clearly says on the bottle, that it is not safe to consume this without diluting it first. Now, that's the sign of a strong drink. There is a whole lot of regret that comes with drinking too many of these. Regret like, flirting with unattractive members of the opposite sex, regret of trashing your hotel room with pizza, regret of getting kicked off the Pai Gow poker for being too drunk,  and that all important Hangover regret. Thank you 190 Octane, if not for you, this mess would not have been possible. Finally, beware of the killer brain freezes.one more thing, Jello Shots, need I say more?
4	Buying a drink from Fat Tuesday is part of the Vegas Vacation Tradition. Everyone has to walk the Strip with a yard of slushy goodness. My daiquiri of choice is the 190 Octane with an extra shot, but it's fun to try all the flavors. You could also mix them together. Once I have had a Strawberry Daiquiri mixed with Pina Colada. I would give this place 5 stars but it can get really sweet, You could feel a film of sugar form on your teeth, but it's totally worth it for the taste and the buzz.
5	I LOVE FAT TUESDAYS!!! :D So going to Vegas, is all about gambling, getting drunk, and seeing some strippers right? Being the fact that my last trip to Vegas was with my mom and her friend, strippers were OUT of the question. That would be extremely weird, seeing some strippers with your mom. We did our fair share of gambling, being that I'm a student and super broke. But the thing that made my Vegas Trip worth it was my YARD long Strawberry Daiquiri, $17 isn't bad for that big ass drink. After I chugged that thing down, it didn't matter that I was spending my Vegas Vacation with my mom. The casinos were spinning and I was having a ball. :D I can't wait to go back and try more flavors!!
5	BEST PLACE EVER!!!This is a MUST-GO place whenever I'm in Vegas.  A drink from here and I'm good for the whole night.  My drink of choice: 190 Octane with an extra shot.  Second favorite would have to be a combination of both 190 Octane and Hurricane with an extra shot.I especially love how there are Fat Tuesdays almost everywhere on the strip now.  So that you can walk up and down the strip and refill anytime you want.  But beware, do not drink and shop at the same time...you'll go broke.
5	Wow  Drinks  to go!  Thank God for memories of New Orleans. This place rocks and has the best idea ! Drink a slushy that is loaded and go out into the hot weather to bake. Yeah BABY!!!!  That's living....Go Ed...
4	This place is a MUST when you are in vegas! THey have a huge variety of sizes to choose from and about 8 differnet flavors too! I got the strawberry daiquiri with an extra shot. I love how they give you extra shots in those little tubes. i think an extra shot only costs like a dollar or so which is totally worth it!! The strawberry daiquiri here tastes reallly good! u can actually tastes the strawberries instead of that syrupy taste some places have. There were even strawberry seeds which definately means they really blend strawberries in there. thats always a plus with me! (: One thing that was NOT so tasty were their jello shots. i didn't finish mine and ended up throwing more than half of it away. I can make waaay better ones at home!! but definately come here for their drinks. They are decent priced for Vegas. One of the bigger ones will definately give you a goooooood buzz while your walking around or gambling (:i'll probably visit this place EVERYTIME i come to vegas now...LOVE iT!!
4	booyah. yard long margarita or 190 octane vodka and OJ - 5 stars for the ice cold liquor and the super hot sluts in bikinis that want to get drunk...3 stars for the effin douche bags with their $1 flip flops, sun burns, fake-ass bling, popped collars, frayed cargo shorts, and "woo hoo bro" attitude...4 stars all together...
4	What's better than having an ice cold slushie in 110 degree weather? umm, an ice cold slushie with alcohol and a shot of Everclear!We tried the 190 Octane (Orangey flavored/Everclear), Cat 5 Hurricane (Fruit Punch/151 shot), and Strawberry Daiquiri layered with Pina Colada (Mine! SO GOOD!)Extra shots are now $2 each and come in an inverted test tube. Don't let curious people around your drink -- they might pull out the test tube and dump the entire shot into your glass.. like I did. HAHA..One half yard (32oz for $12) plus the extra shot will definitely, DEFINITELY get you nicely buzzed.. and have you wandering the streets of Vegas walking home from Caesar's Palace.. stopping by for some pizza at a random joint.. and so on and so forth. :Pmake sure to bring back your souvenir glass for discounted refills! aka round 2 :)
3	A slurpee with an extra shot or two. This is a nice cool treat when it's 107 degrees outside. The three days in Vegas we came across three different Fat Tuesday's. We tried the mojito, 190 octane and cat 5 hurricane. If you go there make sure to keep your cup so that you can get the refill at a discount price. The slushie is a bit syrupy but has a decent flavor to it. It's a nice alternative to a 40 oz of malt liquor, but give me a regular cocktail any day.
5	guaranteed good time. get the tall $17 size with $1 extra shot. for a dollar a shot might as well buy $3 worth. what's 3 more dollars when you're already spending 17, make it an even 20. when in vegas do as...
5	I love it!The end!
4	my friend's first time in vegas, and he heard a lot about this place. all i know is that we walked a mighty long way in 100+ degree weather to find it. no we did not stop for imitations - but boy did that eiffel tower slushie look good. anyhow, we found it in what looked like a mall shop [in caesar's palace]. my bud got the 190 Octane [supposedly highest alcohol content] and i settled for the Cat 5 Hurricane, because it had my old friend, mr. 151. surprisingly good. needless to say, we didnt have breakfast yet, and after about 1/8 of the way in, i was feeling mighty good. so good, that i had to redeem that $100 red mistake i made at Casino Royale. $300 on red, and red came through. good weekend after all.oh yeah, you can keep the souvenir cup and come back for cheaper refills, and possibly save a buck or two. unless you plan on stopping by multiple Fat Tuesdays, but i think it's hardly worth the trouble and hassle of carrying a clunker around.
4	I got the 190 Octane because I wanted more bang for my buck and opted for the strongest drink.  I then decided to follow everyone else's Yelp advice and add an extra shot.  I think since I only got the 20oz cup, adding the extra shot was a slight mistake.  It made the drink super strong for my taste.  I could barely even drink half of the thing and I already felt tipsy and tingly all over.  This location is pretty cool since you can grab a chair and watch the Atlantis show that starts every hour on the hour while at Caesar's.
4	You know what they say, a cure to a hangover is more liquor! This place did the trick. I woke up one morning from an intense night of drinking; I wasn't hungover though, I just felt tired and sluggish. A friend of mine called to meet up with me and I ordered the $10.50 strawberry daquiri (no extra shots needed). It was pretty good! My friend ordered the octane with an extra shot of 151. We didn't know that they left the small test tube shot in the drink so not all the 151 came out at the same time. Both drinks were definitely a cure to the intensely hot weather. If we came back, we could've gotten 1 free refill! Definitely come back to get more Fat Tuesdays (this was my first one)!
5	One word "WOW" amazingly tasty perfect for a drunken hangover. While the earth is sizzling hot gulp down one of their famous margarita's and sip slow... you'll surely end up nicely drunk but by all means stay away from eating buffet style afterward (Do not attempt) such a mistake... But so good!
5	I love Vegas!  What other city in the world can you walk the streets with a monstrous novelty bucket full of fruit flavored alcoholic frozen goodness?Here's some advice though:If you are in the mood for a gigantic novelty frozen drink, do yourself a favor and walk your ass over to the nearest Fat Tuesdays.  There is one at the MGM Grand downstairs shops, one at the Caesar's Forum Shops Mall, one at the Planet Hollywood Desert Passage Mall, and likely a few others scattered around the city.For $17, you get a colossal sized novelty glass of frozen drink mixed with your favorite alcoholic beverage.  There are smaller sizes available, but it's Vegas, so you gotta go big!  You can get an extra shot of alcohol for $2, which is a no-brainer LDO...As far as recommendations... The 190 Octane (Orange Juice + Vodka) allegedly has a higher alcohol content, but, for my money, you cannot go wrong with the Cat 5 Hurricane (Fruit Punch + Baccardi 151).  I can say from first hand experience, that the Cat 5 Hurricane with an extra shot will eff your ish up!Do not accept cheap watered down imitations!  I have tried the frozen drinks all over Vegas, and for the most part, the ones at the casinos resort bars tend to be super weak and essentially $20 slurpees.  The list of pretenders include the bar at Paris, at MGM Grand toward the pool, and bar outside Imperial Palace.When in Vegas, it's Fat Tuesdays or bust, son!
5	Alright, the reviews do not lie.I've been to Vegas several times, and like a tourist always have to get those stupid cups with the frozen concoction while walking around.I've been to several places, several cups, plenty of different drinks, but never went to Fat Tuesdays.. until now.Believe the hype, if you want to get your tourist on, go here. You definitely want to start of your Vegas trip right? Get that 190 Octane and an extra shot for only $1 more. I mean how are you going to pass up another shot for only ONE MORE DOLLAR?! Unless your a pussy--cat?Also keep your cup, just get a refill and you save $2. I also tried the Mudslide flavor. It's more of a dessert flavor, you definitely need that extra shot in that flavor.Don't settle for anything else, you can't be walking around being tourist unless you have a Fat Tuesday cup.
4	kept hearing about this place so I had to try it. Basically a big alcohilic slurpee. U can add xtra shots if u want. I didnt get as drunk as I expected, but it tasted ok and it was cheap.
4	We ordered the 44 Magnum with the extra shot and 1/2 yard. Between my honey and I we were definitely feeling the effects of the alcohol by the time we made it back out to the street. Well worth the $12. Unfortunately I've got a horrid headache now at 7pm from all the cheap liquor from today.
4	Octane's for my husband with 3 extra shots, and I vary between the strawberry, mango or a combo. We have a collection of their mugs because it seems every trip to Vegas we make we always forget our mugs (cheap refills when you have a mug already)... but the reason we hit his specific one up, rather than the other locations is the staff. They all have great people working there, but these guys go a little above :) (and one of the guys is from CO too) You can't go wrong with a giant slushy that gets you a good buzz after one drink... and besides when it is 115 out a cool mug (that stays cold cuz of the insulation around the mug) goes down very nicely
4	I personally like the Strawberry Flavor but the Octane is the strongest! My Recommendation, Go to Fat Tuesday (At ANY location) hope its hot outside and let the Liquor hit your system... lol You'll be drunk in 10 mins.. Keep the refill cup and use the $1 off coupon for your trip
3	There's something magical about drinking an alcoholic frozen beverage in a football-shaped cup.  Or maybe it was that 190 Octane that had me thinking magical thoughts.  Everclear, orange syrup, and something else in the 190 Octane is a lethal combination.That is all.
2	How the hell does this get 4 to 5...you vegas mofo.'s crazy???Strawberry n blueberry...it ok...about it.1st we went to MGM and when finding were likeWhat the F!!  It had four chairs and was like I wasBack in santa anita mall after school hours.We ended up getting from the Paris mall.What you will do at midnight in need of a drink.
4	I love it! You're in Vegas, of course you have to get a yard drink! And who better to get one from than Fat Tuesday? Extra shots for a couple bucks? Hell yeah, why not? Beats how much you'll have to fork over for a drink at the Vegas clubs later that night.
4	12 bucks to get a considerable buzz AND quench your thirst in the dry, desert heat?OKAY!
4	One star off for closing at 11pm on Sundays. I love fat tuesdays!!!! Got the half yard margarita with 3 extra shots for a total of 15 dollars. The nice bartender gave us coupons for the refills. But we didn't end up getting a refill because when we went back on sunday, it was closed, and it was only 11pm!!! Margarita is my favorite and since I hate rum and super sweet drinks, this was pretty much the clear choice for me. I couldn't even taste the 3 extra shots after mixing them in pretty well. But danggg, they hit me after I finished the half yard. It made walking around the las vegas strip so much more entertaining. And the hangover the next morning isnt' bad either.
4	Everytime we come to Vegas, our first stop on the Strip is a to Fat Tuesdays at The Forum!  It's right next to an Express store.  The boys usually get the 1/2 Yard or Yardlong alcoholic slushies with an extra shot.  I take sips here and there and it's really delicious, I almost forget there's a bunch of alcohol in there sometimes... try the Peach Bellini one!Don't forget to save the plastic bottle so you can get cheaper refills later on!
5	I LOVE this place!!! I came here twice in fact! I've been here every time, the past 3 times I've been to Vegas! It's definitely your best bang for the buck! It's $13 for a 1/2, and add a $2 shot and you're set with a VERY happy buzz!!!! =)
5	Octane 190!My 2nd drink right off the plane when I landed at 9pm.  I figured most of my friends were already there and already started with the drinking so I had to catch up fast right?  Monster yard +$1 extra shot = start to a good Vegas trip!For $18 and something cool to drink in the hot weather that doesn't taste bad.  Can't lose.
4	What more can I say 190 Octane with an extra shot is all I need in my life...the prices are affordable compared to other bars on the strip....$16 for 46oz mug and take a couple of bucks off when you refill...awesome!!!!! I went to the one at the Caesar palace and my only complain is the size.....it's small and there are only a couple of seats so you have to go seat hunting if you want to hang around
3	try the barcardi soaked cherries. good prices. the one over in planet hollywood is a dollar or two cheaper though and you get grain alcohol as the extra shot in the drink. so if youre looking to feel a little more i say go to the fat tuesdays in planet hollywood or luxor. plus they arent as busy.
5	This place is awesome! I stop in everytime that I make it to town. Oddly enough, there's a guy that works at this one that's from Arvada, CO and he repeatedly asks me why I'm there so often. My personal favorite is the 190 Octane. This is a slushy concoction of a partially frozen screwdriver (vodka and OJ) and then I typically add in 3 to 5 additional shots of grain alcohol. IF YOU DARE TO DO THIS, PLEASE REMEMBER TO MIX IN THE SHOTS AS YOU GO OR YOU WILL GET 3 to 5 STRAIGHT UP SHOTS OF EVERCLEAR AT THE END! That's a very important step. These things are so cold that the straw will freeze up in the dead middle of the summer when it's 110 outside, so you gotta keep drinking. Be careful though because they'll end you in a hurry.They've got plenty of extras though and various drinks, so stop by. They also have 4 other strip locations, so try to plan 2 stops of your night jumping from one to the next. MGM Grand, Stratosphere, Planet Hollywood Miracle Mile Shops, and I always forget the last one....damn.
5	First time getting myself a yard drink after going to Vegas 7 times now.. YAY!!!!!!I got the Mango rum with an extra shot for $1.  It wasn't too strong but remember to take out your shot so that it spills out into your cold, refreshing drink!!!Perfect place for you to start drinking and watch the Caesar's Forum show, which is not that great anyways, but if you haven't seen it.. why not?!?!Bartenders are awesome and there are flat screens with sports showing.
4	If you're going to get a booze slurpee get them here.  The drinks are not watered down like that rock & roll joint on the boulevard at the Imperial place.  Although i still recommend getting an extra shot or 2 especially if you're going to get the full yard size (48oz)  Pina Colada - Good  Margarita - to sour  190 Octane - good, orangy.
5	This is what I most look forward to in Vegas. Sure you can get free drinks by playing penny slots, but if you want to get proper drunk in an efficient manner, this is how to do it. It's also a perfect breakfast alcohol, I recommend starting the day with Amaretto and Pineapple.My rule in life: if I get offered extra booze, I take it. They'll always offer the 1 extra shot for a dollar, take it. If you're playing catch up to your friends, or are planning on doing something stupid, you can get many extra shots for $1 each. I don't care where you come from, that's value.If it's summer, hang out in the casino and finish your Fat Tuesday, otherwise you get watery booze. If you're going to walk outdoors with your drink, order your drink in a 'football' not all of them have this size, but it keeps your drink the coldest, the longest.I personally enjoy the Fat Tuesday at MGM because you're close to the best drunken casino game ever...Sigma Derby. Octane 190 is the strongest drink they offer. Mix it with Cat 5 Hurricane for a tasty mix that will get you slurring. Strawberry Daiquiri tastes excellent, but you'll need a few extra shots to make it worthwhile. Avoid the Blue Raspberry at all costs, even though it tastes awesome. One morning after a Monster yard of Blue Raspberry, I shit blue. I don't mean a little blue...it looked like i blended up a smurf and drowned it in the toilet. Also, don't be cheap...tip the folks pouring the drinks, and if you're not sure what to get, ask them for good mixes, or samples.
4	I ordered the Bellini with an extra shot of hard vodka. The prices were kick ass and the service were cool. The place is kinda small but its whatever! This place serves interesting alcohol and mixed drinks that give excitement. The place itself makes you want to buy a drink lol! I'd def want to come back!
5	My all time favorite alcoholic beverage of choice (so far in life) is a strawberry daiquiri. Mostly because of the fact that it's a slushy, so when I heard there's these places in Vegas that specialize in slushies I WAS SUPER EXCITED!!  I knew about the giant yardsticks but usually when I see them they only come in strawberry daiquiri, strawberry margarita, or pina colada... why didn't anybody tell me about THIS place sooner??There's a giant list of flavors and a variety of sizes to choose from, and usually the guy/gal working is kind enough to let you sample as many flavors as you'd like! I ended up going with a frozen RedBull Vodka, I can't remember what they called it though! It was super yummy bc I already love the taste of RedBull and vodka in non slushy form! The other flavors I tried were all yummy, I wasn't as amazed by the Peach Bellini as everyone else though, guess I'm just not a fan of champagne! :(Your drink comes out SUPER FAST bc they're kind of premade in machines (doesn't make it any less good though!) and as everyone else mentioned, you can add an extra shot to it for only a dollar! They come in these funky test tubes, be sure to MIX THIS IN!! And if you're all about saving money, keep your cup for discounted refills and hopefully they'll give out coupons for a dollar off your next purchase too! Even though buying alcohol at the store is probably more cost effecient, here you'd get a super yummy smoothie for the same price as a much smaller and possibly worse tasting drink at a club or bar! :)
4	THE quintessential frat boy-esque slushy drink. Would you like to get hammered immediately? (ok, not immediately, it takes a while because the cup is a yard long)Would you like to take one step back from being classy? Put your damn pinky down, you.Would you like to be able to drink while shopping, thus spending more money than intended?  There's a large selection of sizes. From my memory, a regular slurpee mug size, the half-yard, the yard, a football-shaped dome, the huge one that's as tall as I am. Ha, yes, my measurement explanations are so helpful.I got the Amaretto & Pineapple slush mixed in with the Mango slush, which was pretty tasty. "190 Octane" is supposedly the strongest, but most of my friends agreed that the orange flavor is "too much" half-way through. All in all, it's a sticky, sugary good time. Before:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/M--CB6Fhp4XKxsR2PlcP9w?select=GTaUubPSTz0DA_Mhg0_9BgAfter:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/M--CB6Fhp4XKxsR2PlcP9w?select=clPcoGvanQwfAe_UlCIsbAIt's nap time once again.
5	Fat Tuesday's is the best at what they do! I love all their drinks! They taste great and get you drunk! Whenever I come to Vegas this is always my 1st stop. I get a drink, usually a yard stick of strawberry and pina-colada, with a few extra shots of course, and it gets me started!!! I don't ever drink there, I just grab the drink and go! One of the best things about Vegas is you can drink in public. Bartenders are always cool and will help you decide what to get. If your in Vegas I highly suggest getting one before you do anything!
4	why does anyone go to fat tuesday?! to get your inebriation on! and thats exactly what we did...but I gotta recommend the bellini flavor! so yummy!! the boys got the octane 190 and it tastes like orange juice...but be warned-- it WILL get you there! drink at your own risk! they do have everclear to add to your drink...if youre into that~ oh and theres not really an inside to this place...its just a counter where you order and the "chippery"--which honestly i couldnt even say what that is?!
5	Cheapest place to get your tall VEGAS DRINKS to walk up and down the strip!Order the Octane 190. Strongest drink and the most popular (I wonder why). It may not taste like it but it sure crept up on me!They have free samples.Beware...the blue one makes your mouth, teeth and tongue - everything VERY BLUE!Add extra shots for $1 each!They have $1 jello shots too!We got the 1/2yard (32oz) for $12. came back the next day and got a refill for $10! Ohh yeah!
3	Prices weren't bad for the big Vegas drinks. I should of added extra shots to my drink.. but it was in the middle of the day and didn't feel like getting too buzzed before having to go back to the hotel and get ready to go out. At least I got to bring my souvenir cup home :}
5	ketchup chips. amazing. that is all.
5	My FAVORITE place to get a slushy drink. Fat Tuesday is inexpensive and always perfect. Always go for the extra $1 shot. Hell, sometimes I get 2. I especially like this Fat Tuesday because they have table seating outside, unlike the one at the MGM. And if you're there long enough you can enjoy the Atlantis Show that comes on every hour. My personal favorite is the Pina Colada swirled with the Strawberry Daiquiri. Delish! I come EVERY TIME when I'm in Vegas and I will continue to do so!
4	Before I moved to Vegas this place is really one of the strongest cliche Vegas things to make sure to take advantage of.. Nothing says Vegas to me more while on the strip than a alcohol infused slushie in a Yard.  It is also a great prefunk treat if you are planning on just wandering the strip aimlessly . There are 6 locations on the strip and someday I plan on hitting all 6 in one day...possibly UYE hmmm....
3	Alright drinks, but they come out of a slushy machine so they are great for what they are...
5	Very few places in the world (my scope only encompasses Las Vegas and MA) can you order a 3' or taller beverage containing 10 or more shots of grain alcohol.My favorite Fat Tuesdays in Vegas is the one at Ceasers Palace. Ive gotten shitfaced with friends consuming drink after drink staring at the fire and water battle of the gods automated "puppet" show and forget. "did we see this twice or 13 times so far today?"Getting obliterate in a mall setting is perfect for making other purchases as well. Normally having a rational sense of "hmm 1000 dollars is a lot for a sunglasses?... to "oh fuck it, just get it" and then we did.No idea how the chips are, the room in my belly's only for booze.  if i want to eat I would go to hash house a go go and bring my fat tuesdays drink in with me. Its vegas so you can do pretty much what ever you want such as walk in while drinking,smoking a cigarette, wearing ridiculous gucci sunglasses, a crappy neon tank top with profanity on it. Cut-off acid wash jeans and black socks and flip flops. I love Vegas, Also a side note. you can play a drinking game with you and your friends all you need is friends and drinks as you walk around.2 rules. Drink every time you see an affliction,tap out or ed hardy shirt. and take a shot if any of those people have a foe-hawk. (so many douche bags)
5	A bit of a trek to get to from the strip, but well worth it. Especially when getting refills! So save your cup(s)!
5	One of my favorite places to get drinks. Fat Tuesday is a must if you're in vegas (or something similar). It's an experience on it's own with many different flavors and combinations to chose from. I got the half yard long and it got me on a good level, but next time i think i'll go for the yard lol. The price isn't bad and it's a delicious drink to sip on while walking around the casinos or even out on the strip. Just don't go over board with the drink, otherwise you might end up on a rooftop! lol jk.I recommend anyone over 21 to try a fat tuesday if they're ever in vegas.
5	Definitely a good place to get drinks. We had the hurricane and it was yummy! Shopping and drinking this at 11:30pm is a must!
5	Whenever I'm in Vegas, this is the first thing I go to. There are about 6-7 flavors you can choose from and you could also mix 2 flavors. I usually go for the Bellini and Pina Colada. But if I'm feeling like a champ, I get the 44 Magnum ( Octane and Cat 5) the 2 strongest flavors and add a extra shot :P Save your souvenir cup! You're going to want to come back and save a buck or two.
3	Finally tried Fat Tuesday after so many years of going to Vegas and being 21 for over almost 3 years. :p  Service here is a hit or miss.  We came here for the first time and the "bartender" (lol, bartenders may get insulted if even called them that), and he was rude and limited my brother to 2 samples.  As newbies, we expected him to at least give us an idea of what was popular, what was strong, what was a good mix, etc.  We eventually settled for a weird mix of mud slide + octane.  I would not have tipped $1 a drink or even close to 10% had I know how horrible of a service I was given.  The second time we came by, we were properly served.  In all, service is a hit or miss, but nothing beats a $10 or so alcoholic slurpee on a hot day :p
4	My favorite Fat Tuesday! The only one I know of that still serves mudslides (the best!) It's in the back of the Forum Shops at Caesar's Palace. At this one, there are actual tables to sit at, and you can watch the show every hour in the middle of the mall (still have no idea what it's about, but I saw fires and sorcery and stuff). You can also get snacks here, at the Chippery, for a salty/sweet treat with your drink.The only downsides to this location are that shots are $2 each instead of one, and they only carry double-size jello shots for double the price as well. It's also wayyyyyyy in the back of the mall and quite a journey to get there.You're not really in Vegas unless you're holding a 32oz. yard with extra shots. Come here first!
4	Who doesn't love going to Fat Tuesday, holding a Half-Yard or a Yard-long booze extravaganza, while walking through the Shops at Caesar's Palace in Vegas!  and no, the real Caesar doesn't live here...   anymore....This place has a large variety of fruity daiquiris, as well as the redbull and coffee flavors.  i personally like the redbull-enriched Raging Bull.  Its like a party in a long tube of booze. the location is also great.  you can enjoy your beverage while sitting and watching one of the mini shows in the Shops, if your timing is right.  The only downside is that this establishment is all the way in back of the shops.  but its Vegas.  Everyone knows going anywhere will take a bit of walking.  but its a great end result if you do make it.  The Huge Jello shots are pretty cool too.  and, if you want to snack on something, they sell fresh chips as well.  I'd say that's a good combo.
4	My hubby and I shared the 44 magnum, which is the Cat 5 Hurricane and 190 Octane, and we had it with an extra shot of vodka. We bought the Fat Tuesday souvenir cup, so we can get a refill because they offer a couple of dollars off the refill - nice!  The drink is sweet, very strong (gives you a nice buzz), and enough to share amongst two people.  It's quite refreshing, especially in the hot Las Vegas sun.
5	To me, this is an essential part of Vegas. If you don't have a Fat Tuesday in your hand, you're not doin' it right. My favorite is to mix one of the stronger ones like 190 Octane with Strawberry and Mango to sweeten it up a little. The great thing about Fat Tuesday besides the most delicious drinks is the discount on refills if you bring back the container!  This location in Caesar's is nice, but can be cramped if there's a line.  Nice thing is the line moves pretty quickly and if you time it right you can watch the show in the center while you wait. ;)
5	Vegas isn't complete without visiting one of these. They're pretty much everywhere, tastes consistently good, has consistently good service, and seriously, the price is good and it just hits the spot on a hot day.Just think of it as an adult slushie, but don't feed any to your kids. I wish we had one close to where I live... but I'm grateful we don't otherwise I would get fat.Careful though. These things creep up on you like no other.
4	I definitely like this place a lot. Especially during the hot summer, where you can grab a quick yard on the way to the pool! We got one of the really big ones and mixed the strawberry and mango and shared between 4 girls and added an extra shot of rum. Let me tell you, it was pretty strong and on the sugary sweet side, but still delicious!
5	Love alcohol and want some cheap drinks? This is definitely a place you need to visit as they have everything from small mugs all the way up to huge 100z containers for fueling your drink on! And as for the drink variety, there is a nice little menu sitting outside the venu to look at for possibilities that may catch you thirst.I went with 190 octane, as they stated it is their strongest drink (later found out the .44 magnum is actually the king of this place). I decided to go with the 100oz ($37). That really draws attention as you walk through hotels and the Blvd. Plus it helped keep us cool as we hotel hopped. Defeinitely wanting more of this place!And the best part? You don't think there's enough alcohol in your drink? Buy a shot! They'll fill a beeker with your choice and toss it into your drink for added potency. Good times!
4	Delicious frozen fruit magic!  I got Cat 5 Hurricane with Bacardi 151.  Despite that, I'm still not sure how much alcohol is actually in there.  I'd recommend getting at least one extra shot to make all those calories worthwhile.
4	This place is really good. They really have something for everyone. Extra house shots in the slush drinks are only $1 each. Their priced from about $5 to 100oz for $40. These are the slush drink prices.
4	FAT TUESDAY! The only proper way to get drunk in Vegas before noon. Get an extra $1 house shot or two. You're in VEGAS.
4	Good Price. Good Drinks! Only 12 bucks for half a yard of frozen good stuff! i got 190 Octane, Pina colada, and Bellini all mixed into one, which tasted great!  not too strong as a whole because the pina colada and bellini diluted and weakened the 190 Octane.  if wanted something stronger, just add a test-tube of Everclear for $2 extra.  anyway, it was fun and i liked Fat Tuesday!
5	Yum! Great place for a cheap buzz! Everything is absolutely delicious, and the test tubes of everclear really top it off! My favorites so far are the mudslide and the amaretto pineapple, but I would really love to try the pina colada-strawberry mashup next time (next week...?) I love you , fat tuesday!
3	Head to the very back to get yourself some delicious fresh potato chips!  They're about $3.99 for a small bag, but it's a pretty huge portion for two to share.  They had quite a few flavors.  We tried the Ketchup and the Salt & Vinegar.Next time, I'm going to chase my potato chips with a 190 Octane, now that's a snack!
4	I saw so many people with Fat Tuesdays and I finally was able to find one. Half-yard of mango rum for only $12. Add an extra shot for only $1.Great way to start the afternoon as you can bring this while you are shopping or site seeing. The mango rum tastes quiet strong so be warned ahead of time for all those 1 shot wonders.Seems like lots of people are recommending the 190 octane so I definitely need to try that next time I'm back in Vegas!
4	I prefer the PH location over this one. I don't like the bar style - most aggressive gets served first. BUT I do like the $1 off (applicable to the Imperial Palace location as well). In order of favorites (the following are all unmixed):- Bellini (PEACH PEACH PEACH)- Mango- Strawberry As for the chippery, it's alright! I ordered the salt & malt. Not too sour. I think it would be more amazing if the chips were a little thicker and warm (suggestion: leave it out under a heat lamp instead?).
5	THE best deal for an alcoholic smoothie!!  My friends and I were fiending for Fat Tuesday, but we didn't know that the place in Planet Hollywood was temporarily closed due to renovations, so we decided to think of some closer alternatives first before having to walk over to Caesar's Palace for this Fat Tuesday.We walked past all of the other possible smoothie places, but they were all way too expensive!  Up to $40 (or even more) for a yard-long smoothie!  HELL NO.  You could get the same thing or better at Fat Tuesday for almost half that price!!  So we decided to make the trek on over to this Fat Tuesday in the Caesar's Palace forum shops.So worth it!  I got a half-yard mangoberry (mango+strawberry) smoothie, and it was so yummy!  Some of my friends got the extra shot for $1, which is also a great deal!Nowhere else even compares!  Yes, they all look like the same product, but Fat Tuesday offers the best prices for high quality drank.  Definitely come here when you're in Vegas!
4	Yummy. And they hand out coupons, so you can come back and have more yummy.I recommend the Mudslide-it's yummy.
5	Vegas experience is incomplete without a Fat Tuesday. I was told this was one of those things I HAD to get, and it totally is.
5	Very well organized to get you in and out. Ingenious way to keep you coming , they give you $1 off coupons and when you come to refill , they let you know they recycle and to keep the coupon and keep coming back. staff is very friendly , they pretty much serve any alcohol you want :)
5	LOOOOOVE THIS PLACE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Best mix for me is the strawberry and pina colada. STRAWBERRY COLADA!! Woot woot!! I just wish they stayed frozen for a longer time, or maybe because I'm a slow drinker, but they melt too fast!!! grrr
5	Seriously, one of the best deals in Vegas to get your booze on!$12 for a half yard - which is more than enough to get you buzzing; or $6 extra for the full yard. Definitely go for the extra shot! Unfortunately, my shot sank to the end of the cup so my last 4 sips were heavily liquored up! Service is fast, there are interesting flavors, and it's cheap! Great way to stumble around during your time in Vegas ;) P.S. Bellini + Mango is DELICIOUS. All my friends loved my combo :D
5	This place is soooooooooooooooo good.  The drinks are tasty, always get an extra shot... shit, your in Vegas!!  I got the Octaine 90 mixed with the hurricane.
5	worth the price, especially if you come back with your cup for refills.  They also give you coupons for $1 off your next purchase.Lots of flavors to choose from and the staff isn't rude.  I recommend adding a shot (or two) to give your drink an extra lil boost :)
5	Couldn't get enough of this stuff.  As soon as I got picked up from the airport by my friends we headed out to Fat Tuesday. I tried the mango and strawberry with a shot of everclear and they were both really really good.  That shot towards the end really hits you and it makes it so much better!  The staff really earns their tips unlike other bartenders who just expects you to tip them because you're in Vegas.  I even got a free shot on my bday!  I will always hit this spot when I go out there.  Worth every penny!
4	The one "Vegas" thing I wanted to do the night before we left Vegas was to get a drink from Fat Tuesday. (What else is more tourist-y than drinking a yard long alcoholic slush.. in Vegas?)Seeing how the closest Fat Tuesday to us at the time was in Caesars Palace, we walked in through the front doors. We walked and walked and walked.. and walked some more.. before finding it in the really end of the shopping center. But, finding it = jackpot! The place was kind of small, but alas, the line wasn't that long. Each yardstick was $18.. which was a little bit pricey, but hey, it's alcohol and you're paying for the experience, right?For those of you that want to get a "kick" out of the drink, buy extra shots! I think they were an extra $1. I wish I got an extra shot! But I ain't complaining because this is just an excuse to go back to Vegas.. :)
5	A must when hitting any spot that has a Fat Tuesdays. I got a $1 off coupon from a friend and got the Mango and Strawberry mixed with an extra shot. It was the best. Love Fat Tuesdays.
4	My friend insisted to get those big margarita cups everytime when he's in Vegas and they are expensive, so I yelped and found this place in Caesars.  Its nice that they let people sample (and they do check ID) so we tried few flavors before we ordered.Pina Colada is good, it goes well with strawberry daiquiri but my friend wanted Orange (yea he's weird) so it tasted kinda off.  Add some shots to make add the fun to it.  Their price isn't as bad as other places, I would say come here if u want the frozen margaritas.
5	One word: BELLINI =]Btw, don't get suckered into watching the Atlantis show in the middle of the courtyard! LOL. It's NOT the business.
5	Great drinks at a great price can be pretty difficult to come by in Vegas, especially on the strip.  So Fat Tuesday is really a nice little find though it'd be diffcult not to notice it with all the people walking around with giant cups.  I've always been fortunate that when I come by Fat Tuesday, it isn't crowded and there isn't a line going around the corner.  The drinks here are great if you're into frozen mixed drinks, which I clearly am.  My favorite has been the Spring Fling which is a combination of their 190 Octane (Orange Juice and Vodka?) and their Strawberry and Rum concotion.  You can always add an extra shot for $1.00.  I'm not big on the taste of alcohol so this mix was fine for me.  For $20.00 you can drink to your little heart's (read:  liver's) content.
4	This review is only for the Chippery, not the daiquiris. (Though I bet they are delicious!) I was wandering around the Forum Shops and I wanted just a little snack before heading home. My friends were getting daiquiris and I saw they have food in the back so I shoved my way through all those wanting frozen drinks and went back. I was pleasantly surprised at the chip selection. They had 6-8 flavored of homemade chips for really reasonable prices, $3 or $5 per bag depending on size. The only reason that it gets less than 5 stars is that the service wasn't great. Not cheery people this afternoon at Caesars! It is definitely a hidden gem for a cheap little snack.
4	Do ppl come here to have fun? Or just have a stupor?  There is a very fine line between these two, case in point, two friends sitting in the bar drinking the whatever the hip drinks they ordered, chatting and enjoying at each other's jokes, then all of a sudden,  one burst into this long uncontrollable laughter, peppered with slurred incoherent speech, with that lotto winner elation in her gaze, O_O , second later she started humming a melancholy 80's tune.  I know at this point, my dear friend had crossed the thin line between sanity and dangerous cloud nine.   It's time for the responsible one (me) to take her friend back to the adobo for safe keeping.Yet we hit the spot again and again just so we can have our visions blurred until everything became a moving feast.  It doesn't take much to get that girl hammered.  ;D
5	I like this Fat Tuesday location more than the one at Planet Hollywood/Miracle Mile because this one is more than just a counter/stand. Bonus points also, because it's right next to Express and the random fish tank show thing at Caesar's?Peach Bellini is hands down my fav. lovelovelove. I am not a big fan of tasting the alcohol, and this definitely does the trick. When you're done with your half yard, keep the bottle (for refills of course), because it makes a really amusing sound when you whack it against things. Try it.tl;dr: Peach Bellini Peach Bellini
4	A Vegas trip isn't complete without having at least one Fat Tuesday a night. Okay, jk. It's not complete without having at least one during your whole trip.This Fat Tuesday was located right at the Forum Shops in Caesar's Palace, so my boyfriend and I headed here after dinner to grab an alcohol filled slushie.The service here is okay, I guess... The strawberry daiquiri is the best one out of all of them in my opinion. Many different sized and styled souvenir cups to take home with you as well.
5	I had no clue about the legend that they called Fat Tuesday until I was introduced to this one here in Caesar's Palace. Make no mistake, drinks are pricy no matter where you go in Vegas, but if you are looking for a drunkshitshow, look no further. This is a small spot in the Forum Shops that I've overlooked for quite some time, but the time I spent on that small little corner table will be memorable. Here, it's all about the quantity, and it's all bout how much alcohol you want hanging on your neck when you waddle back onto the strip.-=-Mud Slide-=- Supposedly, the other locations no longer offer this specific flavor. The mudslide formula seems to be the same anywhere: chocolate-ish milkshake with alcohol. Sounds fab doesn't it? Well, put at least 4 extra shots of alcohol in there and increase the quantity to a full yard hanging around your neck and you'll be living Vegas the right way. Spend a couple moments to marvel at the Caesar statues gallantly displayed around the water fontain, then freak the fuck out when they start moving and spitting fire. Yes, this is a true story only made possible by the ounces and ounces of alcohol consumed here. Enjoy your stay and stay out of the water.
4	The people here are not very attentive when it comes to ordering.  They took my friends order, and then took another person's order whom came in AFTER US.I would give them 3 stars but I like the concept of hanging large alcoholic drinks around your neck, especially when they are fruity and yummy. I ordered the half strawberry / half mango half yard, it wasn't bad, but it tasted so much better after it melted !!!  $13 Right after I ordered the first one, they gave me a coupon for $1 off, so we used that coupon for the 2nd drink. My friend ordered a margarita tasting one, with an extra shot $1. Hers tasted yummy as well, if you like margaritas. I want to try the chips, why does no one talk about the chips?? I am going to come here next time to try the chips.
4	Terrible location.  Tucked away in the Caesars Forum Shops where the Cheesecake Factory is, at the end furthest away from an exit to the strip.But still, any Fat Tuesday is better than no Fat Tuesday!  If you're going to walk the strip, you better do it with a yard in your hand!I have not tried the chips.
5	Located in the middle of the miracle mile shops in which you can easily get lost, stands the Fat Tuesday posted in front of another restaurant. Great price for an alcoholic slushy, but I forgot how much it was, I think it was $14 for mine cause I had the bottle and just wanted a refill, also had that $1 off coupon. Feel free to mix the flavors and always ask for the extra shot =). One of these fuckers will definitely give you a brain freeze while impairing judgment lol. Also make sure to mix the drink if you get that extra shot or else at the end you are gonna get pounded with alcohol ice. Lines at this place move fast, and the bartender/cashier is quick.
5	We only had drinks I didn't do anything in the chippery.  We sat and watched the zeus show.the drink was excellent.
4	Love FAT TUESDAY when i'm in VEGAS!I've been to all the Fat Tuesday location and honestly this location had the crappiest service ever! Did not ask if I wanted an extra shot with my drink and they just poured my drink and I paid and that's it. They were not polite or nothing... also the location is horrible! Its inside the Caesars Forum shops like all the way at the end.. so yeah I love  FAT TUESDAY but not this location not worth going all the way into the shoppes for...
5	One of my favorite places I love visiting when i am in Vegas! I usually get the original mug size mudslide!It's so delicious and tastes like a Frap from Starbucks! This place usually gives you a dollar off card for your next refill.To refill mine, it would've been only 7 bucks! Which is good. The line here is never long, and this is the only place that carries the flavor: mudslide so come here!!!!! Love you Fat Tuesday! What would I drink if you weren't here?!
5	I loved Fat Tuesday! I got the $12 cup that has $8 refills.Now, I hate sugary slurpy/icy/slushie drinks. But this one that I got was just perfect! It was not super sugary (I mean I'm sure it was- but it didn't TASTE like it)! I got the Cat Hurricane one... because it had CAT and I love cats. I am glad I got it because it tasted so good! You definitely can taste the alcohol but it isn't a BLEGH taste. It's the perfect kind of alcohol taste, I don't know how to describe it. We got the $1 dollar shots added to it as well which made it even BETTER :) And if it melts in the Las Vegas sun it just tastes/has the consistency of a "jungle juice" type drink. We also got the $8 pepperoni pizza! It was the perfect greasy drunk people food we needed to make sure we had food in our tummy while we got intoxicated. There were four of us in total and we split it at two slices each so it was perfect!The cup is so cute as well ^.^. I am definitely going back with my cup next time I am in Vegas to take advantage of the discounted refills! The people working there are really nice and funny too! If you are in Vegas YOU MUST GO :D
4	Walking around Caesars Palace, I spotted this Fat Tuesday's. I really that they are colorful.So I saw at a different drink location that they had pink yard cups but Fat Tuesday's didn't. The smaller cups had it in pink so I got that instead. It's so cute but I was disappointed that it didn't light up.I ordered the pina colada. The worker asked if I wanted a shot for $2 more. I declined, I didn't need to be buzzing faster than usual.It came out to $11?
5	Out of all the Fat Tuesday locations, this one is the best!Let's face it, we all come here for the alcohol and to look cool while holding gigantic cups of daiquiri down the Strip, so I'm rating this place purely on how their drinks taste and the alcohol strength: strong!!!All weekend long, I saw people holding either the Fat Tueaday cups or the 88oz guitar drinks from that one Hard Rock bar and was debating b/t the two. I'm glad I went with FT because their drinks were DELICIOUS and I never would have been able to finish 88oz of daiquiri by myself (bathroom anyone?). I got the bellini which is mainly champagne and some fruity juice and it is absolutely delicious and this is coming from a lightweight. I wanted to sip on it all day long!! My cousin got the 190 octane (the strongest drink) and he was gettin' pretty buzzed. We both got it right before our flight back home (great idea btw, security at the airport is so much more fun and you snooze through the whole flight). Next time, I'm getting it right when I land in Vegas so I can be happily buzzed all weekend. They offer cheaper refills if you keep the cup so if you think about it, you can start at the Caesar, walk towards Mandalay Bay and refill it multiple times along the way (at the Mirage, Planet Hollywood, etc) to keep your happiness level going strong all day. Yeah!!!!Anyway, definitely a must-try when you're in town and all of the drinks taste good, so you can't go wrong. I got the second largest size and that was good enough for me. Only get the biggest size if you're ready to get sloshed. Good night!
5	A must if you go to Vegas! They let you try different flavors and combinations. My wife and I stop here at least once every trip.
4	Ya this stuff is pretty dangerous...Located at the very end of the Caesars Forum shops is this hole in the wall. It was a school night and he wanted a drink.They give you up to 2 samples so you can try various flavors and you can mix/match. The cups/glasses were kinda $$$, but if you tend to drink a lot (or share) and get multiple refills, then this is a bargain.You can slurp this stuff down like a slushy!!!Drinking on a school night?!That = TROUBLE...
5	This is my first stop for alcohol in Vegas. The drinks are strong and very tasty (you can hardly even taste the alcohol), and for light-weights like me, you become pretty tipsy after only a few drinks. The 44 Magnum is my favorite (it's the sweetest and strongest in my opinion), but you're allowed up to two samples so you can taste before you buy! Even though the drinks are a bit on the pricier side, the experience itself (and the fun cups) are totally worth it. Just be sure to keep your cup so that you can receive your next re-fill with a $4 discount. The half-yard and yard sizes are definitely a fun deal.
5	Heard a lot of good reviews about this place and so I had to try it when I came to vegas. Ended up loving it! I love how they have mash ups of different flavors. I got the half yard mango colada which was pretty good. I had no problem with the service. The employee even asked if I wanted more 151 shots and made small talk. Overall it was a good experience.
4	Bartender was excellent. They have so many options. Was recommended to try the Magnum with the extra shot! It was delicious! Best part, you walk out to the fountain and get a show at the top of every hour. Fat Tues is def one if those places you always need to stop in for every trip to Vegas.
5	Been coming here regularly since moving to Vegas 3 years ago. Great for a decent priced cocktail, or a daiquiri to cool off during the HOT summer days. Grab a hotdog, pizza, homemade chips or nachos to soak up the booze. Staff is also a reason I keep coming Back, Elizabeth and Matt always make sure I leave here satisfied.
4	OK so can you really so anything bad about Fat Tuesday I mean it'd alcohol in all flavors!! There is alcohol in these drinks and you can add extra shots!!! Prices are good and they have any size you want. Love Fat Tuesday!!! Its also really fun to watch the tourist that visit here!
5	Hunted down this place after seeing some awesome reviews here.Tried out the 44 Magnum which was a combination of the 190 Octane and Cat 5 Hurricane. It was really good and got a nice buzz going! The Amaretto Pineapple was a bit bitter for my taste, though. The place is definitely worth checking out!
1	This place is so inexpensive but so disgusting.. I had nachos and the portions are so small and there was barely any cheese.. My mom had a latte and it was basically a bit of coffee mixed with a shitload of milk. I've never had coffee so greasy before. It's a great place to sit and watch the fountain show though...Maybe my review is bad bc I'm not of drinking age yet and couldn't try the daiquiri??
4	I don't consider it a successful Vegas trip unless I've visited this place at least once. They're often copied in this town, but this place makes the best frozen drinks. Especially with the Vegas weather, there is nothing better than relaxing by the pool or just walking the strip with these frosty drinks in your hand.The nice thing about this place is that they're all over the strip, so no matter where you go, you can find one. This is especially nice because once you have the cup, refills are significantly cheaper, so it's worth holding onto the cup. You can fill up at MGM, and by the time you get to the forum shops, you'll be ready for another one!The flavor and drink selection is great. I'm partial to the octane 190, but only because I like strong drinks, and not overly sweet, either. They have something for everyone, though. The selection of cups/mugs is good, too. There's a size for everyone. The customer device is just OK. I find the staff to be pleasant, but not overly engaging or friendly. On the other hand, they're dealing with Vegas tourists all day, so I kindof get it...The prices are a bit steep here. It's worth it to me, because it's a frozen drink and it lasts awhile. There's also a good amount of alcohol in these drinks: you will feel it! To me, you're going to pay in Vegas, so while it's expensive here, it is worth it for this town. If you're looking for a good frozen drink/daquiri, look no further. This is chain you want to stick with. Enjoy your drink, and cheers!!
4	These drinks are such a creeper it's wonderful. Ordered the blueberry one in a half yard and had a good buzz off of it. The drink itself was strong but after a few sips you get used to it. It's a perfect yummy treat for the hot summer Vegas days. I did not know that you can sample at least two flavors before committing, so I will be sure to do so next time I'm in town! Drinks can be a bit on the pricey side but then again you're in Vegas, everything is over priced.
4	Powerful drinks, powerful drinks.  Had New Orleans written all over it.  These are gateway beverages to open up the personality.  Great place to pitstop, mingle, and keep it moving to get on with your evening.  Get the Cat 5!!!
5	Convenient Fat Tuesday location when you're thirsty from all that shopping in the Caesar's palace shopping forum! :) It's located right next to the cheesecake factory so maybe you can get a slice to go while you get your drank on.There are a couple of tables and chairs for you to sit while you sip, but my friends and I just prefer to walk around while drinking our adult slurpee. They allow samples of flavors before you pick what you want which is a plus. This is basically slurpees for big kids (adults).Recommended:Strawberry and pina colada w/ extra shot of 151. There's already a couple of shots mixed in, but careful with the extra shot. You can either first lift up the test tube so all the alcohol comes out and you can mix it so it won't taste like crap. Or just leave it in the test tube and keep sipping, letting it leak and sink slowly into your cup. However, if you do that method, by the time you get to the bottom of your drink you'll have no "chaser" for that shot that's basically accumulated at the bottom of the cup.Panty Dropper w/ extra shot - it's hurricane mixed w/ bellini. Pretty good and refreshing
4	This was the one place where my friends and I really wanted to go while in Vegas.  My friend said, "I want a drink as tall as my femur".  And so, the hunt for Fat Tuesday began. It actually took us quite a bit of time to find this place, and we even had to ask a worker in Caesar's Palace. But we DID eventually find it, and we were so excited!We decided to go for the half yard, because it seemed like the most reasonable size.  There are several cool things about this place. First, you can sample the flavors! There are a large variety of drinks to choose from, so it can get a bit overwhelming. It is good to try a few to make sure you like it before you commit to a whole drink. When I sampled two,  I chose the one where I couldn't taste the alcohol, hahah. Electric Lemonade was so yummy!  The second cool thing - you can save your cup and bring it back for a discounted drink. The half yard was $14, but it would only be $11 if you bring back the cup. However it does vary per drink, but you can see the price breakdowns in the picture I posted. Fat Tuesday can get a bit crowded, but that just shows how yummy the drinks are.  The worker was really nice, and was really cool about getting us the samples we wanted to try. Keep this in mind - I think there are about 5 other Fat Tuesdays around the strip, so when you want to go, just go on Yelp and see which one is closest to you. If you are having trouble finding this particular one like I was, it is in the Forum at Caesar's Palace right next to the Atlantis display/performance. Enjoy!
5	Fat Tuesdays is expensive but I still love it... Every time I come to vegas I have to stop by fat Tuesdays... There are several but my favorite one is at Cesar's palace! You get a little tipsy and the drinks are delicious the one I get taste like a big stick Popsicle pineapple and fruit punch! Yum! I love fat Tuesdays
5	What can I say about all 'Fat Tuesdays'?! All flavors are good! Always make sure to add that 151 shot for a $1 more....I mean why not, right?!! I usually get the 2nd to the biggest container until I get to the next 'Fat Tuesday' store...
4	Refreshing slushy with alcohol?  Yes, please. A vegas must any time of year. Mudslide is my favorite and my wife loves the peach bellini. Keep your cup and bring it back with u for a discount.
4	Pretty good slushy drinks definitely a must have went in Vegas or walking up and down the Vegas trip weather is hot or cold outside
