5	My boyfriend and I were a last minute addition to one of their Loch and Glens tour, and it was amazing. Of course, when you're seeing sights like Loch Ness and the Scottish Glens, it's difficult to have a very bad experience. I was left stranded by another tour group, and so were a few other last minute add-ons. Our tour guide, David, I think, told us that their policy is to never cancel a tour. Even if they only have one person who showed up or booked the tour, it still runs. That's just out of this world. The buses are also very warm and cozy. Anyone who has ever sat in a chilly bus soaking wet during a three hour ride home would know that is an extremely nice attribute to have. They also have week long tours where you can choose your own arrangement, and tours of Ireland, Northern Ireland, Scotland and England. When I'm in those locales I won't tour with anyone else.
4	Did a day long tour of the highlands and various loch's (including Loch Ness) with Rabbie's.  Our tour guide, Ally, was awesome.  His great pride and love for Scotland shined throughout the tour and he was a wealth of history factoids.  Additionally, he was funny and had excellent music taste.  We had a 16 passenger mini bus, which is much nicer than the larger bus tours.  I would go on a Rabbie's tour again, but would probably opt for a multi day versus packing everything into one day.
5	During an eleven day holiday in the UK, the only formal tour we took was the Stirling and Loch Lomond tour from Rabbie's. We made a good choice.Our guide was full of entertaining, educational stories that brought Scotland to life!And the scenery was the most amazing of any we saw on the whole trip. Granted, the credit for that goes to Scotland, but Rabbie's got us there.Be sure to bring your camera, you're going to want to take a lot of pictures!
5	Just came back from the 3 days to the Isle of Skye with Euan. It was fantastic and Euan knew everything and talked about history, myths, interesting facts, geology, etc. We were amazed at the amount of great information he offered. Really funny too. We stayed a the Rosedale Hotel In Portree, Isle of Skye, charming hotel which was right in the harbor. Would do Rabbies again for one day or multiple day trips. Buses are comfy, new and clean. Aliwot also seemed like a funny, interesting, informative driver. We ran into his bus which was doing the same tour.Great value and if you want to see the countryside without the hassle of a car or train, this is the way to go. You get more info too!
4	Audrey, our tour guide for a one-day tour of the Highlands, was very enthusiastic and proud of being Scottish. A recent Rabbies hire, she told stories of Scottish history, myth, trivia, and geography, all in a self-deprecating manner. The tour only accommodated 16 people per bus so it was a perfect size without being too large a group. The tour went to Glencoe, Fort William, the Calendonian Canal, Fort Augustus which was on the edge of Loch Ness and the stopping point for lunch, and Pitlochry. Despite the rainy day, it was very enjoyable and Audrey was a great tour guide. She also gave tour members different tips for places to go and things to do in and around Edinburgh. As it turned out, my niece left her mobile phone on the bus and it was returned to her within days. This tour was well worth the cost.
5	Simply the best! Loved both tours and guides Liam and Ali. Plenty of time to roam. Clean and comfortable buses. Affordable and informative.
4	We traveled from the US for a week stay in Edinburgh and took this tour as a chance to see more of Scotland.  Mav was our awesome driver for the day and we couldn't have asked for a better guide.  The tour was great, well planned and timely stops.  We were on the Loch Ness day-tour and everything worked out great.We were asked to arrive 15 minutes early (08:15) and were a little concerned about breakfast.  No worries as it turns out there are several small places to get a nice bite to eat right next to the pick-up location.  No worries about food during the tour either, there were several opportunities to grab a bite on the way.Well worth the price considering the commentary of our guide and the delivery of what is promised in the tour description.  We' definitely will book with them again.And we did!! Two days later we took the tour to Roslyn Chapel and Melrose Abbey.  Dave was our driver/guide this time and another great guide.  This was a half-day tour to the Borders and was great fun.Dave was an awesome guide and his commentary was filled with colorful local flavor. We spent about an hour is each location which was plenty of time for us. If you're a fan of conspiracy and legends, Roslyn Chapel is a great place to hear more about the Holy Grail, Knight Templars, etc.  You might decide you need a little more time but otherwise the time is sufficient.
5	Highly recommend if you do not have your own mode of transport.I went on the one day tour of the Whiskey Distillery, Loch Lomond, and Stirling Castle, the tour guide was fantastic. The guide was friendly, courteous, on-time, pretty much knew the answers to all the question posed to him. The tour itself, was splendid - a mix of history [Stirling Castle], nature [Loch Lomond] and food [the Glengoyne Whiskey tour and a lunch in a nearby town]. You get plenty of time to explore each part.The tour is quite intimate; on mine, there were only five of us, so it was nice.
5	I used scoff at organized bus tours as being something for the old and/or lazy traveler. But on our trip to Scotland, my boyfriend and I wanted to see as much as possible. As lovers of single malts, we also had to get our drink on in whisky mecca. Driving ourselves around in a foreign land didn't quite jive with that idea, so we chose Rabbies 4 day tour of Islay, which was pretty much perfect in every way. Our phenomenal driver and guide Sarah literally grew up in a pub in Aberdeen and worked there from the age of 9, so she definitely knew her whisky and also peppered the drive with interesting stories about Scottish history. We saw so many awesome things on the trip, from epic castles to hairy coos (highland cows!) to churches to beaches to lochs to glens to ancient monuments...it wasn't just about whisky. We stayed in a really nice cottage at the Bowmore Distillery which had a full kitchen complete with washer/dryer, dishwasher, wi-fi, and the best surprise of all- a welcome bottle of Bowmore 12 year whisky. On the whisky front, we saw a total of 7 distilleries and did several tours so we learned about each step of the whisky making process in great detail. Bruichladdich was hands down our favorite distillery, but they were all pretty good.  One other thing I really appreciated about the Rabbies tour was that it wasn't cheeseball at all. We weren't forced into get-to-know you games with our group or scheduled group dinners (though that did kind of happen naturally by the end). There was a nice balance of planned activities during the day and on-your-own time at night. We were able to truly relax since we didn't have to worry about getting lost or figuring out what sights to see. I just got back 2 days ago and I'm already thinking about going back to Scotland to do Rabbies Speyside tour. Tour skeptic= converted!
5	Hubby and I did the 9-day tour of Scotland which included Orkney and the Hebrides.  Only one word describes it - Awesome!  For the first half of the tour our guide was George, a lovely man with a good sense of humor and an obvious love of his country's history.  The second half of the tour our guide was Eric, who loved to sing to us and appreciated the beauty of Scotland, and was pleased to share it.  The hotels Rabbie's booked were mostly excellent, and all you had to do was say you were on a Rabbie's tour and the hotel staff could not assist you fast enough. The bus was clean and comfortable, both drivers were extremely competent and polite to other motorists.  There were plenty of comfort stops, which is of concern to some.  All in all, a very enjoyable vacation.
5	Like some of the other folks reviewing Rabbie's, we usually travel independently, but had a limited time in Scotland and wanted to see as much as possible in eight days.  This was a special trip for us, as my husband's ancestry is from Scotland.  We opted for the Highlands/Lochs/Whiskey Distillery one-day tour.  It was an excellent choice because it gave us a very decent glance of that portion of Scotland.  Our operator and guide was Shelby, who was excellent in every way.  She was professional, funny, charming and extremely knowledgeable about that portion of the country, as that's where she originates.  Additionally, Shelby is very educated on her country's history and she is articulate and passionate about her motherland.  Shelby is a fantastic story teller to boot !I highly recommend Rabbie's for your Scotland tour needs and if you can get Shelby, I suggest asking for her !Cheers and have fun !!!!
5	The best tour I have ever taken!!We went for the highlands 3-day trip with Barney.  He's a superb story-teller, very funny and informative - not boring at all!!!.  During the trip, he stopped at as many spots as possible (for 5 mins or so) so we could take pictures!! He was also very good at giving us washroom stops.Highly recommended!!
5	PERFECTION! Booked the three day highlands tour. Our guide was fantastic, had the best stories and sooo nice! My sister and I are hugeee Harry potter fans, and she would point out stuff that was in the movies. everything was perfectly organized, we were picked and dropped from our hotel. they answered questions and were super accommodating! Would definitely take another tour with them!
5	My mother and I signed up for the 3 day tour to Skye. I was pleased to have a small tour group of 15, and the fact that our guide: Jamie, wore a kilt. The buses were new and fairly comfortable to be in, and Jamie was very approachable and entertaining throughout, ranging from history lessons to Scottish folklore to crazy statements deliberately made to catch people out. The weather was beautiful for pretty much the entire duration of the trip, and the energy that Jamie put throughout the trip made this tour impeccable. Jamie's light hearted sense of humour seemed to touch every single one of us during his tour, whether it was his Scottish accent lessons, his intriguing faerie stories or when he talked about racial stereotypes specific to us, it was an excellent trip overall.The choice of Bed and Breakfast accommodation at Portree was great, we had this lovely place that served hot breakfasts and gave us the option of having drambuie in our porridges.I'm definitely taking another tour with Rabbies when I travel to Scotland again!
5	It would seem weird wouldn't it.. for someone who lives in Edinburgh to join a local bus tour.. but given the opportunity, I'd gladly do it again!I've lived in Scotland almost 3 years and never gone to Skye, when one of my BFF's said she was coming to visit, we looked into various options but decided it was just as cost effective and really a whole lot easier just to join a tour.As her time was very limited, Rabbies was our only option as they were the only ones offering a 5 day tour leaving on a Saturday.  Well, we were not disappointed!We had a fantastic time! There was only 6 of us on the tour so we got to spread out in the bus. Our guide Doug had great knowledge about Scotland and shared lots of great stories about the various places we went to see. We were lucky enough to meet a few of the other drivers and they all seemed super friendly and all had a great sense of humour. Talking to a couple of other girls (at our B&B) who were on a 3 day tour from Glasgow, it sounds like we got to visit a couple of places that their guide didn't take them to. So I think the experience could be quite different depending on who your driver is. But the girls seemed to be having a great time on their tour also.The B&B's that were booked for us were also great. Both in great proximity to town to get dinner etc.If you don't have your own transport or are pushed for time, or just feel like letting someone else do the hard work on holiday (driving, research, accomodation etc) then I would highly recommend joining a Rabbies tour!
5	When we signed up for a tour to Loch Ness I was worried it was going to be boring and too old for us, but boy were we surprised.  Thank goodness we got an amazing guide in Shelby.  She made the entire trip so fun cracking jokes and pointing out so many cool sights.  Shelby also had an amazing eye for finding the perfect spot to stop and take pictures.  My suggestion: try to request her as you won't be disappointed.
4	We wanted to see wild and scenic Scotland, without having to do the driving and navigation ourselves, and without feeling rushed.  So we joined the 3 day Isle of Skye tour, leaving on a Monday at 9am and returning on Wednesday around 6pm.The mini-buses were nice, even with ours being completely full (yes, even the fold down seat by the driver).The guides were knowledgeable and decently friendly. The schedule was pretty flexible and relaxed, with frequent comfort stops for food, shopping, and toilet breaks.  And when we were on the Isle of Skye and the weather wasn't exactly optimal, Stewart even took a vote as to what we wanted - venture out to Neist Point, head to a castle, or tour the Talisker distillery.Our requests for accommodations were met, though I think the price ended up a wee bit higher than the range advertised when we signed up for the tour.  And our B&B did request payment in cash - just fyi.While I appreciated the less than strenuous days, and I could see how driving a minibus would make you want a nice long break, I wish we'd gotten started before 9am each day, or at least the successive days of the tours.I highly recommend for a great way to see the country without having to navigate it yourself.
5	O-U-T-S-T-A-N-D-I-N-G!! Honest to God - the BEST TOUR EVER! We took the 3-day Isle of Skye tour May 2-4, 20141) Phenomenal Guide - we had Peter, and I thought we were SO lucky to get him. (But read the other reviews - it looks like ALL of the guides are rated as amazing!)Peter was funny, entertaining, knowledgeable on a wide range of subjects, helpful, friendly, and took us to a lot of truly outstanding locations.  2) Super comfortable 16-passenger van with great audio system -- I would absolutely NEVER go on a large bus tour again after experiencing the higher quality of a small-bus tour)3) Great itinerary - we got to see a large number and variety of sights, with a good mix of high and low activity levels, and group and individual time. 4) Very comfortable and clean  accommodations with a good price range.After taking this tour I want to spend more time in the Scottish Highlands and plan to return. It was the highlight of our entire UK trip :)
5	My husband and I went on the 4-day tour from Edinburgh to the Isle of Islay, week of May 18, 2014.  Our driver was Jamie, and he was truly fantastic! We were part of a group of 11, plus the driver, transported in a very comfortable, modern van. We spent most of the first day en route to Islay, with a stop at Oban along the way.Our stay was centered around the Bowmore distillery, staying as two groups in the very spacious and nicely equipped cottages on the grounds of the distillery, which is itself located in the heart of the village. On day 2, we toured three distilleries, and returned to the cottages by dinner time. This schedule was basically repeated on day 3. On day 4, we spent most of the day returning to Edinburgh, stopping to see sights along the way. The distilleries themselves were of interest, but the overall trip was greatly enhanced by our guide. As Jamie drove, not only would he tell us about the next distillery, but all the local legends and historical sights along the way. Much of this was punctuated by the Scottish music he played through the van's sound system. The guide Jamie was truly beyond excellent. He had a thorough grasp of historical facts, was a delightful story-teller, and very pleasant and patient with us all. My husband and I returned home with a keen interest in Scotland and its history. We would love to visit again.Take the tour! Of the two of us, my husband is the true single malt whiskey drinker, but I actually found some along the way that I like. So even if you aren't big into Scotch, there is still a lot that you will enjoy on this tour.
5	YES! do this if you are in town for a few days. Pete was our guide and was absolutely great! the bus we had was almost brand new and had leather seats and was very comfortable. was able to see a lot of the country (Lochs and castle tour) that we wouldnt have been able to see on our own. the stops were all spaced out great and never got bored on the bus.would recommend to everyone!
4	We did three individual day trips - the trip to St Andrews / Fife ( with Jan as our driver ) and the longer trip to the Highlands / Loch Ness ( driver Ally ) were fantastic. The scenery - photo stops - colorful, insightful and funny commentary were top shelf. Highly recommend both trips.The trip to Alnwick Castle was not as good. The driver was very insightful but not as engaging as the previous two. The castle itself is stunning - one of the most attractive in the UK - the trip down / photo stops not as good either - it was interesting but a little disappointing compared to the aforementioned trips.
5	Booked a tour from Edinburgh to St Andrews & Fife. It was amazing! Emily our tour guide was incredible! Very knowledgable! Thank You!
5	Went on the 3 Day Isle of Skye trip with Glasgow John (aka DJ John, aka John McDermott). The trip was breathtaking--we so lucked out with good weather and I could talk about it forever but instead I want to used this space to talk about my new best friend John. John was a wonderful tour guide, he was witty and packed his dialogue with historic information. He played wonderful music for the entirely long ride which made it so much more enjoyable. He even provided stories and radio transitions in between songs like a proper DJ and specified his playlists to the backgrounds and interests of each passenger on the trip (for ex, playing "New York, New York" for me and a german song from my friend from Munich). He stopped often, taking into consideration everyone's needs for a restroom and coffee without slowing the pace of the trip. He was really quite good at reading the group and adjusting his schedule to accommodate our interests--for example shortly after I freaked out over seeing a pony while we were on the bus, he found a place to stop and let us all pet and take pictures with shetland ponies! He gauged how interested we were in certain picture taking spots and adjusted the allotted time appropriately which is something many other tours do not do--and you get stuck at a place you don't really care about for an hour (which in the limited Scottish winter daylight is precious time). He wore funny hats and posed for pictures with us, hung out with the group after tour hours, and by the end of the trip felt like Scottish family.I would take another Rabbies tour JUST KNOWING John was guding it. This man deserves a raise. He is a wonderful human and kind soul. Cheers and thank you for the amazing trip, Meela Dudley (NYC Resident & Strathclyde Exchange Student)
