5	I dropped my phone in water and had not backed up in some time. They were able to cove my data and text messages and pictures and reload them on another iPhone all in the same day. The price for all the service including replacing a broken screen was better than I had found at other places. Ubreakifix is well worth the money.
5	After hearing such great reviews about this place I had to being my daughters itouch in here to get the screen replaced. It was in and out fast and the smile on my daughters face was priceless!! I will gladly do business with these people any day!!!
5	We took my sons Xbox 360 here, and the staff was Fabulous! Very knowledgable, helpful and patient! The Xbox is working great now, thanks guys!!! Don't hesitate head down and see them...very inexpensive as well.
5	This really is as good as it gets. I went to Google to find a fix for my iPhone. I called the team at UBREAKIFIX and they told me to come right over.  I love instant service. They took my phone and in a very short space of time i was here typing this review on how fast, and customer friendly the service is.I highly recommend you call UBREAKIFIX if you are looking for a fix for the iPhone!!
5	This is the place to fix your iPhone. Not only they have competitive pricing but repairs are done in timely/efficient manner, that come with 90 days warranty. The guys working there are trustworthy and extremely knowledgeable, The place is clean, professional and easily accessible off Mill Ave. Highly recommend!
5	Fast and friendly service!! Thanks Guys!!
5	UBreakIFIX did a awesome job fixing my phone.  Now I'm rocking a candy blue iphone.j
5	speedy, friendly and efficient. They match prices so if you find a walk in store with cheaper pricing, they will charge you the same amount. They also have a deal so that people can get either $5 off their fix or a free screen protector if you write a good review for them on google+ local. Note, they do NOT do both at the same time. Must either ask for them to do 1 or the other. in less than 45 minutes, they were finished fixing my brother's iphone 4 front screen. Seemed like they inspect other parts to see if they were damaged as well. Sweet and efficient. right next to great restaurants so waiting was not bad at all!
5	I had a lot of debris and lint that had accumulated inside the headphone jack of my iPhone making me unable to use it for music--and with a flight coming up I wanted to have it repaired quickly. I took it to uBreakiFix expecting to pay at least a nominal fee but was delighted when Robert took it into the back for 10 minutes and returned with news that he had cleaned it and tested it and it worked great--then to top it off there was no charge.They have a large TV with movies playing to keep you occupied as well as old arcade versions of Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and Street Fighter II which are free to play. Thanks Robert!
5	They fixed my daughter's iPod's broken glass in less than 90 minutes. When you drop off your item, they give you estimate and a claim check. Very polite business persons. The picture shows one of two games you can use while you wait. They also have Wifi and a television. Thanks guys!
5	Outstanding Service*Outstanding Experience. U break I Fix came as a recommendation from a fellow collegue at work who had a amazing experience.  I took one phone in on a Saturday and after I was greeted I was out of the store in a few minutes with a work order and was told to come back in 45 min my phone would be done.  I had them replace front and back and when I returned in 1 hour phone was finished.  I explained I had another phone to repair and they gave me a discount for repairing phone.  I feel this organizaiton definately has a yes mentality.  Very professional in every way!Mrs. Cook
5	UBreakiFix really does deserve 5 stars! I came here after my 18 month old shattered my iPad screen and broke my husband's laptop, all in the same week I might add. They fixed my iPad within an hour and it only took them a short time to fix my husband's computer. Their prices are great and the service was exceptional.I would definitely recommend them to anyone needing their gadgets fixed!
5	My iphone 4s screen shattered the other day and I was devastated. I went to yelp to find some place to fix it and found ubreakifix. Its conveniently located practically on the ASU campus, so I dropped it off before class and was able to pick it up right after. Their prices are pretty reasonable too. And best of all my iPhone looks all pretty again :) Marshall did a great job fixing my screen too!
4	I cracked my screen and they replaced it in about an hour. Apple would have charged $199 + tax, but I only got charged about $130 here (including tax).  It was worth it just to save $70 over Apple directly...not having to deal with the chaos, condescending employees and inconvenience of an Apple store is pure bonus. There are some places I found online that would fix the screen slightly cheaper but I went with these guys based on convenience and the good reviews, as well as the fact they actually had a storefront and wasn't just a guy in a van...I'd definitely recommend...
5	I never thought I would be that person who drops their iPhone and shatters their screen, but alas... it happens to the best of us.  I visited uBreakiFix after it was recommended to me by several people.  They were able to fix my screen for a fraction of the cost it would have been to get a new one.  So, when you have that slow-motion "Oh crap!" moment as your phone catapults to the group... now you know who to call!
5	I cracked my iPhone and uBreakiFix was able to help me! I stopped in a Saturday morning, there was no wait. The guys were friendly and knowledgable.  I highly recommend coming to these guys with your broken electronics. Thank you!
5	They fixed my Galaxy S3 quicker than quoted, and even put my new otter-box on for me! thanks for the quick and easy service! I was willing to drive the extra miles to service my phone here versus a competitor that is closer, solely on the great reviews and prior experience my boyfriend had. Thanks again!
5	Our company had a Sony Vaio Z series laptop that needed the screen swapped out.  I provided the part from a spare laptop and they replaced it same day for only $60.  Amazingly fast an inexpensive.  Awesome stuff.  Thank you!  We will most definitely return with all other laptop repairs.
5	uBreakiFix was professional, quick.   A true 5 star business.
5	This place rocks. I broke my phone in Chicago got it fixed at the UbreakIfix store there and then came to Arizona and cracked my screen and broke my top button. Very affordable and speedy service.
5	symptom: cracked screen galaxy s3while everyone else was trying to sell me a screen AND LCD, but my lcd was fine!ubreak told me they could just replace the glass, and that was $150 less!its kinda like when u go to a mechanic and theyre like "oh we're gonna have to replace the whole thing" then u go to another and he's like "I can just replace that one part". These guys are honest, quick & professional, its been 4 days and my phone seems to be back to perfect shape!also: very comfy store! nice seating, big tv with movies playing and FREE video games!ROCK ON!
5	My PS3 had trouble reading games: came in on a Friday and had to keep it overnight for diagnosis. Told me up front the repair was going to cost either $110 to fix the blu ray or approximately $150 to completely replace the blu ray. Got a call the next day and was told it was ready for pick up. I was told they had to replace the blu ray and my ps3 worked like they said. The console definitely works after a month and they also have  a 30 day warranty in case it breaks down again.I would definitely recommend them for game console repairs: very professional and good customer service.
5	Unfortunately I've cracked my Iphone  4s screen multiple times... taken it to UbreakiFix and they have done an excellent job each time. The repair the glass on my phone very quickly (usually within an hour) and for a good deal.
5	Very swift and professional.
1	I wish I could give zero stars. TAKE YOUR PHONE TO APPLE. This place does an unprofessional job. Warranty is not honored and the staff is very unhelpful. It is completely worth the extra $30 to take it to an apple store. Waste of my time and money.
5	Brendan G. was extraordinarily courteous, helpful and knowledgable. He addressed my issue in minutes and I simply can't recommend them enough. Not to mention they have the TMNT coin-op AND Street Fighter II in the lobby, just begging to be played.
5	Took my wife's IPhone 5 for a screen replacement. Went down the street to get coffee while we waited. Before we were half way done with our coffee, they called to let us know it was done. Very reasonable prices and extremely fast service. Great job.
5	they fixed my phone and its in perfect use now!
1	Brought my iphone for a diagnostic and asked a few questions regarding the possible charges for any necessary repairs. I realized from the look of their face that they weren't going to do anything and what a shame and waste of my time. They kept my iphone for 3 days and when I called them for a status, they said that the iphone was beyond repairable. I take my iphone to "Arizona Ipad Repair" in Scottsdale and all the phone needed was a new battery!
4	Cracked Screen:I was so glad I found these guys - Greg was nice and is extremely knowledgeable.  If (hoping not) my screen ever cracks again I will definitely go to them first.  It's better than paying the $100 deductible and waiting for a refurbished phone to be shipped that the insurance I pay for every month charges......Insurance CANCELLED.....Thanks again for all your guys' help and if anyone needs anything repaired (including computers) - this is the place to take your stuff~
1	Horrible customer service. I took my iphone 5 to get the screen fix and the job was done poorly. The phone cracked 2 days later. I then took my phone back because they said there was a 90 day warranty (I brought my paperwork and receipt), and they were disrespectful and didn't NOT honor their word. TAKE YOUR PHONE TO APPLE. I'm sure to tell anyone asking for iPhone advice to avoid this place no matter what.
4	Took a ipad 2 from work here for repair, ipad was repaired in the same day about 6hrs. Needed a new glass and cost about $129 plus tax. Overall happy w the service and repair they do give a 90 day warranty which is nice. Wish it was a little more professional but overall they did the job i needed. The shop is right off Mill ave so you can park in the meter and run in and drop off and pick up
5	Excellent work, knowledgable and friendly staff that can fix just about everything you throw at them. (Pun intended). But seriously, if you need some electronics fixed... Come here.
5	Took my iphone 5 and got repaired in 30 minutes while I played their free ninja turtles arcade game! Awesome !
5	Daniel is awesome.  I was so stressed that they would not have time to fix my phone because they were closing in 30 minutes after driving over 2 hours the said they would be able to.  Daniel was pleasant and I didn't feel rushed at all!!!
3	Took my Playstation 3 here after it stopped reading discs.  Had to take it back twice, still wasn't fixed.  In all fairness, the problem was beyond the scope of the repair, and they gave me a full refund.  That's superior policy/customer service.On the downside, they removed my yet-unplayed copy of GTA 5 and stuck it in a ziplock bag after I offered to leave the case for them to put it in.  Disc looked like someone ate a bucket of chicken and put their hands all over it.  Also, I came back twice to have it re-repaired and each time was like I'd never been there before.  "Can I help you?"I'll consider this experience a wash, as I left with the same broken unit but was not charged for the time invested.  Not certain I'd take anything else there.
1	Ubreakifix is the worst place you can take your iPad or iPhone for a cracked screen repair. I brought my iPad in a while back, and while the glass was replaced and looked nice, other things started to malfunction after their "repair." They wrote if off saying that maybe the glass wasn't positioned right. I ended up bringing my iPad back 4 times! and they still were not able to fix the problem. It came to a point where I couldn't do anything on the iPad without random buttons being involuntarily pushed or icons flashing on their own. I wished I had never brought my broken device here and had kept using it cracked, but working correctly. What astonished me most is that they could not take responsibility for the problems that THEY caused. I would expect a business that specializes in repairing electronic devices to replace my iPad for free after four failed times due to their own embarrassment as a business, but they didn't. The thing that pushed me over the edge and made me write this review is that my boyfriend just took his cracked i phone in to get repaired and he is already having the same sort of problems I had after I had my iPad "fixed." Buttons are pressing themselves and as I am on the phone with him I can hear buttons being pushed. The phone will even put him on mute when he didn't push it and others that he is talking to have a hard time hearing him. I can now confirm that what happened to me was not a fluke, but bad practices at this business. So, don't take your phone, iPad or anything else here, at least for a cracked screen ( I can't speak for their other services, maybe they are just fine) or you will be in for a lot of frustration and pointless trips back to this place.
5	The service is really. And my phone just like grade new one. Think I will let all my friends know about this place
1	I took my Playstation 3 here after the laser stopped reading any of the blu-ray discs. When I got it back the PS3 could read the blu-ray, but the power button was indented into the PS3 case. I took it back to them and they said it wasn't them and they didn't do it, however, I haven't touched it since I got it from them. They wanted a receipt to prove that I went there to get it fixed before. They had saved their own copy of the receipt, but when the guy took out the receipts he had he looked through the first few then went on to the next set, not making sure to check all of the receipts. I found my receipt later, and gave it to them, then the guy told me he would replace it and said it would be ready in a few days. When I picked it up again, they didn't charge me anything for it, but after playing a blu-ray, a few days after, the PS3 wouldn't accept blu-rays anymore. I decided I didn't want to go through the hassle of trying to get them to fix it again, so I won't come back here and I'll just save the $120 they would charge and put it towards a new system.
1	I went in this past Tuesday with my T-Mobile note 3 that needed the glass and the LCD replaced.  I've NEVER been to this business before nor any like it.  I've always taken great care of my smartphones.  A friend's child threw a rock hitting my phone hence the need for the replacement.  The guy at the store told me that they would have to order the specific part for my phone since the one they had in stock was for the AT&T version only.  He told me 3-4 business days so my plan was to go in Saturday morning to get it fixed.  I just called the store and some other employee told me that no part was ordered for my phone and that I had to have either left my phone with them as collateral or pay half of the $300 service fee up-front.  I would have gladly put half down when I went in on Tuesday but I was NEVER TOLD that I had to do one or the other.  WTF?!?!  I didn't realize that it was my responsibility to know their rules!!
3	Service is great however a little over priced. I"ve taken multiple iphones and ipads here and have always been happy with the service however i found another place called QuickFIx in chandler and received equally good service for almost half the price!
5	I have been coming here for about 2 years and have always had prompt and efficient service I will reccomennd this place to all my friends
5	You know, accidents happen... so when I dropped my phone face-down on the asphalt I rushed over to UBreakiFix. I've also been to the Phoenix location, (I've been a little on the clumsy side this year).In less than an hour they had my iPhone patched up and for less than $100. I really love the whole concept behind this place and the representatives there are always pretty friendly too.
4	My iPhone 5's charging port went bad (one of the pins bent) and I was in a panic since my 8 GB of Photos weren't backed up. I was no longer able to use the port for charging or syncing and didn't have enough battery left to sync to cloud. Yikes! Apple would've replaced the whole unit with my AppleCare (just surpassed my 1 year warranty). For ~$50 I could've gotten a new phone but also at the expense of losing all of my photos. I decided to spend a little more and get my phone repaired and recover my photos (and other files) with uBreakiFix's service. Yay! Worth a little more money (total ~$75).I definitely will keep them in mind for future service (although I hope I won't need them) and refer friends. The guys were super friendly and fast to fix my phone.
1	Overpriced and they couldn't even fix my iphone 5 screen. Ive fixed phones in the past, so I know what I'm doing. I went here just for a quick repair, since I didn't have the parts myself. They couldn't even fix it and I feel like I had to explain things to the "technician" myself.
5	Buissness is actually good. They fixed my broken laptop screen for a nice price.
1	The personnel are generally nice, their iPhone charging products are subpar.  I purchased a charging cord for the iPhone 5, in two weeks my iPhone was giving an unknown attachment error when I would plug the cord into the phone to charge.  In another day or two the phone would no longer charge using the cord.  I went back to UBreakiFix to get a replacement.  They replaced free of charge, with another subpar product that lasted less than a week -- same issue, iPhone gave an unrecognized device error upon connection and then would no longer charge using the cord.  My iPhone is fine, it charges well with any other cord.My biggest issue with uBreakiFix is that when I asked whether the product was a good product, before originally buying the replacement cord, I was told that it was an OEM product.  While I cannot argue if they are or are not OEM, they certainly are not up to the original part quality.In Summary, beware of the extremely poor quality product sold by this company.
1	Where do I start? With the false hope? The promises unmet?  The astonishing laziness? The lack of understanding of even the most rudimentary customer service?Let's go back to the beginning. I called the folks here to see if they could replace a cracked screen on an otherwise perfectly functioning HTC EVO 4G. Meaning I could access all of the phone's features, but thought it might be nice to have a fresh, clear screen again. They said, "Sure, we can do it for $59.99." I told them to order it. They said I had to come in and pay a deposit of $30.So I brought it in, paid the deposit.Problem 1 - I get a call two days later from a clerk whose voice I recognize as the young man who first took my phone in and assured me it could be done. He said, and I quote verbatim because it is seared into my memory - "Hi, I tried to order the screen from our distributor twice and they can't get it. And I don't have time to deal with it."Wow. I am someone who has worked in retail, with 15 years under my belt on the floor, facing customers. If I ever said "I don't have the time to deal with it," I would have been fired on the spot.After my initial shock, I told the clerk that the screen is readily available online as I was able to find it in 30 seconds and for about $10 shipped to me. I told him this and also expressed my astonishment that after paying a deposit that he would speak to me with such disrespect. He said "Sorry," sheepishly and told me he'd try. I told him I was not in a hurry and was probably the easiest person on earth to deal with because I understand what a pain in the butt it can be dealing with customers at a service retail center. He was young, maybe 22, and I thought I'd treat him with kid gloves because I don't like to make a scene or cause issues, but I was still so surprised at how easily he was able to tell me he didn't want to deal with my issue.Problem 2 - A week later, the screen comes in. I bring my phone in and they tell me to come back in a few hours. I do. The screen is on. I leave, thinking all is good. Over the next 48 hours, the digitizer goes wonkier and wonkier and slowly recognizes less of my swiping and dialing, and I am unable to use the phone to do anything but fill my pants pocket. I call in, explain the situation after sharing with the person the exact issues. He says it could be a faulty digitizer and they could order another one.  I ask if they can expedite it, he says they can but I'll have to pay extra. I inform them that they have not actually fixed my phone and are under original obligation to do so. This clerk turns out to have learned his customer service skills from his colleague, the first one I spoke to. He said I had to pay extra if they had to expedite any process. I ask for the manager and am transferred to a young man who identifies himself as such and also tells me he is the one who personally worked on my phone. I ask him if the information about extra costs for expedited service is true and he confirms it. But he does say that he will personally look at my phone to see what's up.I hung up frustrated and we agreed I'd bring the phone in for him to assess.Problem 3 - The next day, on my planned day to bring it back in, I wake up and my phone has now become a black screen, the wonkiness having been complete. I become very concerned that they have now killed my phone with a bad screen install, but am happy when I hear a preset alarm go off and the phone recognizes my standard downward swipe to shut it off.I bring it in and explain the situation to the manager I spoke to, the guy who said he personally worked on my phone (I am not naming him so as to personally shame him). I tell him I was able to hear my alarm and thus deduce that the phone itself is fine, but the original repair might have some loose connections. He says fine, we'll look at it.I call back in a few hours, and he says, yes, we were able to fix it. He tells me the tech he was supervising who fixed my phone did not reconnect things securely. I don't remind him that he told me the previous day that he was the one who actually did the work. No biggie, I thought, at least my phone is fixed.I go to pick it up and he hands it back to me. I run through the phone and it all looks good.Then, as I'm about to walk out, he says, "Oh, and I wasn't able to get the loudspeaker to work. I tried to fix it like three times and it isn't coming up."I tell him it was working that morning, which he knows, and ask him how exactly I am supposed to hear the phone ring? He shrugs his shoulders and goes back to dealing with another customer. I walk out, stunned.  Nowhere along the line was I offered a discount for the shoddy service, an apology, or even the slightest sympathy that they had been the ones responsible. The franchise owner needs to either send his children-tech-clerks to some customer service training or expect that he is going to get a lot more reviews like mine. Worst. Service. Ever.
1	These guys are the worst.   There is no communication between the techs who work here.I'm from out of state and dropped my computer off on Monday and told it would be done by Thursday.   I  call Wednesday and and was told everything is on track to be picked  up on Thursday.   Thursday arrives and no call.  I call and get a befuddled sure will be ready in an hour show up and I'm dealing with a 3rd tech I've never seen before.   He proceeds to tell me it's all good and I could pay him. I asked what was the problem?  He can not tell me because he didn't work on it.   I asked him don't you have notes from the tech who worked on it? Yes but he didn't work on it  and can't tell me. I make him fire it up and log in and Low -n- behold still not fixed.  Then I gey well we were doing you a favor getting it pushed through quickly. .. I reminded him I dropped it off on Monday and was promised Thursday late afternoon.   Again they were doing me a favor.  I was not charged for the non repair but still had to take it to BEST BUY and have the Geeks fix it.  2 days later I get a call...they called me I didn't have to call them and was told I could pick up my computer it was fixed .  2 days and they fixed it.  And treated me as a customer.  Save you money and sanity. Do not go he re.
5	Awesome and friendly. A great help and cheapest price I found online. 4s repair was 70 bucks plus tax and a free screen protector
5	I usually go to Mac masters in Scottsdale cause it's close to where I live, until my dad made me take his iPad in to this place I never heard of. Needless to say that I found their prices a lot fonder to my wallet. They charged only 150 for an iPad screen replacement. I had my iPhone 6 screen cracked and they charged me 200, other places were going 300 and up! And it was within an hour! Best experience with smart phones, also comes with a 90 warranty, no physical damage tho.
