4	Stopped in here on the second day that they were open for business.  This is the old Furio spot and they have really opened it up and done a fantastic job with the decor.  Kinda southwest campfire meets contemporary.We had a couple of drinks and checked out the menu.  I like a place instantly that has Kiltlifter on tap!  There were a lot of items on the menu that looked great and I want to try on my next visit.Cool atmosphere, interesting menu items and friendly service.  It all looks good for these guys!
2	Eeek... I hate giving bad reviews, but the food was pretty awful.  This is Bonfire's first week open, so hopefully they are just working out the kinks, and it gets better soon.  Hottie and I went for Happy hour and dinner on Friday.  I wasn't thrilled with any of their HH drink specials, so I just ordered one of their specialty martini's with Prosseco and some other yummy goodness! I loved my martini, which is good because I realized they were 11 bucks a pop when I got the bill!  Hottie ordered a Stella on tap, but was served a bud light, they served him another... same thing. I am convinced they had the kegs switched up.   For appetizers we ordered fried pickles (Hottie's choice) and grilled artichoke.  The pickles were dipped in a thick batter similar to that of fish and chips- Ick!  The artichoke was okay, but covered in oil... I mean my hands were dripping.   For dinner Hottie ordered some "Jumbo Prawn" and Andouille Sausage skewer with a side of baked beans.  His "Prawns" were not jumbo and they were obviously shrimp. His food was covered in oil too... I grill a lot at home and you don't need very much oil, that's what's great about grilling!  For dinner, I ordered three sides, truffle and parmesan mashed potatoes, mac n cheese and grilled asparagus.  The asparagus was excellent, the mac n cheese was okay, nothing special, and the potatoes were bland and dry... big disappointment.  To end on a positive note, our service was good, and the concept is fresh, so I suppose we'll be back to give them opportunity for redeem themselves...we'll just give them some time to get on their game!
3	Great decor, met the owner, loved the atmosphere and friendliness. Happy hour gets you half priced apps. We had fried pickles, deviled eggs, meatballs, and jalapeno poppers. Can't say there was anything to brag about at all. Pickles were battered spears, and not that bad, eggs were half as good as mom's, meatballs... I'm half Italian and the meat part was decent (definitely home made) but the sauce was closer to bbq than marinara and the jalapeno poppers were hotter than 5 star thai food. I love heat, but these made me suck on a napkin. Chef needs to taste before serving. The kicker... $9 for a shot of Bushmill's to go with our beers. Kinda steep. BUT, again, it's fun, friendly, amazing decor... maybe with some refinements they can make this a great place to hang.
1	I hate to beat up a place too much, as we ate there just days after opening and there's always kinks to work out with the menu and service.  I will say the server was nice and they tried really hard.  They also had about 5 hostesses on staff so there was no wait to be seated.However--and this is a big however--the food was awful.  Awful as in the worst meal I've had dining out in years.  In addition to the tempura fried pickles missing the mark (batter was just odd), the Stella tap clearly being hooked up to the Bud Light keg (my palate isn't that refined but I can tell BL from SA) everything was not just "meh" but cooked in a way you would cook food for your worst enemy.  The baked beans were worse than the cheapest canned beans you could buy, the mashed potatoes LL ordered made instant potatoes desireable, and the mac n' cheese made me long for Kraft.Believe it or not, with all this being bad--it's not the worse!  First, the HH specials are probably the weakest I've ever seen...why even have them?  The ONLY specials are domestic draws.  That's it.  Nothing off the $11 martinis.  Nothing off import drafts.  REALLY???  My last gripe is the entree, advertised as "prawns" with andouille sausage.  Not prawns.  Regular friggin' shrimp.  Maybe 5 total.   Drowned in oil.  On a stick.  $2 worth of food for $20.Oh, and BTW the whole "concept" is everything goes on a stick (even the sandwiches).  And the whole focus point of the decor is some cheesy fire "screensaver" projected on a wall.So in closing...I guess I was hard on the place.  But the server was nice.  If it's around next year the owner has some deep pockets.  You expect hiccups with a new place, but build-out on this took several months which is more than enough time to put together a menu.  Enough, I don't want to relive the meal!
2	Ummm... I hear this place is new so hopefully it's a work in progress... Appetizers were pretty heavy and some were awkward to share.  The ladies behind the bar were very friendly and professional (and probably the best part of the experience).  I see the potential, sadly its not there yet though.
5	This place is great!  We had a birthday party of about 20 people and had the long community table in the middle.  The food was great, the service was phenomenal, and the atmosphere was perfect.  This place is unique and refreshing from the normal Scottsdale scene.  The owner and the staff were very friendly and accomodating to our party.  Another perk- my friend couldn't drive home and the staff went above and beyond to make sure she had a safe ride home.  Very neighborly.  I had the surf and turf skewers and the dirty rice.  I don't really like rice, but this was great.  The mac and cheese was amazing.  The wine list is extensive and they had a wide variety of specialty drinks.I would definitely recommend this place to anyone having a party or event or even just popping in for HH and dinner.  Keep up the good work Bonfire!
4	Ate here a few days ago with a friend of mine for Lunch.  It was pretty good-we got the house cheddar biscuits to start which were amazing and then i ordered the Smoked Chicken Artichoke Sandwich and my friend ordered the Pork Loin Sandwich (which i'm definitely ordering next time).  The service was awesome (very attentive) and the flavors were fantastic.  My sandwich came on a kabob that you pulled the chicken off of into the bread and it wasn't little pieces of chicken-they were hearty pieces.  You get your money's worth for sure.  Their dessert sounded amazing-but we were so full we didn't get any.  For sure next time-and yes there will be a next time.  it was delicious.
5	Love this place!  We have stopped in here quite a few times since they have opened and always have a good time.  It seems to be our Sunday Funday destination!  The bar staff is friendly and personable (we love Heather, Ashley and Dan).  The food is unique (sort of like upscale campfire food) and delicious.  Oh and Bonfire has THE BEST MACARONI AND CHEESE in town!  Hot and bubbly, a Vermont White Cheddar mac and cheese that comes out in a mini cast iron skillet.  It is simply amazing!  I tried the Pecan Grilled Harris Ranch Burger last night for the first time and it was fantastic.  Very juicy and tasty!  Hands down one of the best burgers I have had in Scottsdale.
5	There really isn't anything in Old Town like Bonfire.Their food is unique (skewers & s'mores) and the ambiance is perfect for any time of day.I recommend the new watermelon barbecue salad (new for summer). And you HAVE to try their chocolate bread pudding. It is delicious! If you are near the bar area, look at the screens on the walls. They are slideshows of Arizona nostalgia which enhances the cultural atmosphere and helps capture how the state has evolved over the past 50 years. Overall, it is a great spot to have a drink or two and sample on some good quality food.
4	Very cool place in Old Town Scottsdale - great, new addition to the restaurant scene.  The decor is very cool....love the fire wall!  The service was friendly and efficient and the food was quite yummy.  My friend and I tried the smoked chicken and artichoke sliders and the chipotle meatball sliders.  The owners came and introduced themselves to us - very impressive and professional!
5	I don't know where the bad reviews come from... I think each an every one of you might just disagree with life itself. Go be a pessimist somewhere else! If you prefer Applebees go back there.Anyways... I've eaten here many times and have enjoyed every meal.  The appetizers are amazing (especially the skewered meatballs and charred jalapeno poppers). The main courses are amazing too. I've had the surf and turf skewer, and the bacon wrapped scallops skewer. Both are money! And the dessert, oh man. Chocolate bread pudding with banana ice cream CAN'T be beat!Long story short... check it out! You'll love everything from the atmosphere to the food.
5	Sexy meets casual meets deliciousness meets something new that Scottsdale was missing. From the upscale look and dim lighting, it fits right in with the Scottsdale crowd. But the best part is, you can go here to just relax too. They have lots of great seating whether it is intimate or larger group. The music is playing, the game is on, and there is lots to look at. Did I mention the food is incredible?
3	As you walk in you are greeted by very friendly hostesses and the smell of bonfire- yes, they really took it there.  My friends and I sat at the bar and was served by very friendly bartenders.  My friends, who had been there for over an hour, were raving about the food and said it was bah-nan-ahs, so I had to try it...and I was starving.  I ordered the Grilled Cheese Skewers- they come with bacon and who doesn't love bacon?!  My food was brought out very quickly and I was stoked, until I ate it.  The bacon, bread and cheese were good but they put "roasted tomatos" on it as well and they were terrible. I did try the meatballs which were okay.  The meat was good but it tasted like they were covered in, what tasted like, spicy ketchup. I will definitely go back for the atmosphere and the very friendly service but I'm not so sure I'll be eating their food.
4	I bring all my business clients here.    Quiet, intimate, reasonably priced overall, excellent food, and wonderful bonfire smell.  Decor is cozy, sleek and modern. KILLER dessert and wonderful selection of draft beer.   Lovely mom and pop, or rather, son, pop, and daughter place.   Chef will make sure your food is prepped perfectly, even if you don't notice the difference:  Kudos to the chef!  I had orderd some BBQ beef skewers, and unbegnowst to me, the meat came out well down and smaller;  Out comes a giant juicy skewer of plump medium rare beef, on the Chef, without any prompting.  Wow.  Thanks Chef!  ;) I don't really want to recommend anyone else to come here, because I love the cozy personal atmosphere, but heck, I want them to do well too.   so, come on in, but leave me a seat at the bar!
5	Open a new restaurant and serve wonderful food? What a concept! It's true, how many restaurants have opened in Scottsdale over the past, say 3 years? And how many dissapoiting meals? too many to count. This place is not only uber-cool, the food is phenomenal. There were 4 of us for dinner on Wednesday, and each one of us ordered something diffrent. The skewers amazing, the s'mores-- memorable. Mr. Owner came over and asked how were doing, the whole 9 yards. Definitely coming back multiple times.
5	At last, a restaurant worth blogging about!! It's been a long dry spell filled with mediocre meals, and a few real losers. In fact, my despair was so great it drove me to diet. We'd go out occasionally, but it was always easy to order a salad (my fat free dressing traveled with me) and not feel deprived. So it was with low expectations that we went to Bonfire Grill and Bar.This five month old newbie is in Old Town Scottsdale, occupying the building that had housed Furio. That it is close to The Mission (see my 7/1/10 blog "Kiss My Grits) is no coincidence. Matt Carter, executive chef and proprietor of both The Mission andZinc Bistro created the menu, and his former sous chef Eric Guerin is now Bonfire's executive chef. Carter mentored the manager of Bonfire, Jimmy Swann, a firefighter and newcomer to the restaurant business. It's rare to find a team so eager to please their customers.Bonfire serves elevated American comfort food. Many of the selections are cooked over a pecan wood fire, and this divine smell greets you in the parking lot. There were so many temptations on the menu, I knew my diet dressing would remain hidden in my pocketbook. We started by sharing a grilled artichoke ($8) filled with sun dried tomatoes, and served with a delicious garlic aioli. It was quite large, perfectly tender, and fed three of us. It wasn't easy to select our entrees. One of everything would have been nice. But eventually I ordered the BBQ Short Rib Skewer sandwich ($9) served on MJ bread with beer braised onions, Tillamook cheese and a chipotle BBQ sauce. It came with fries, lightly dusted with onion powder and a homemade chipotle ketchup. The chipotle taste was evident, but the heat level was happily low. The chunks of short rib were tender and moist even though all the fat had miraculously disappeared. Ken had short ribs too, but his entree came from the brunch menu - Short Rib Hash With Buttermilk Biscuits ($10).The chef obligingly put the potatoes on the side in a cute little iron pot. The biscuits were both chewy and fluffy. Ernest decided on the Skewered Grilled Cheese Sandwich ($7) With Roasted Tomato, Bacon and Arugula. He seemed very pleased. Anna's Pecan Grilled Harris Ranch Burger ($9) looked good, but her Honey Mustard Coleslaw was the real hit. It was lightly dressed, yet full of flavor. Given the size and quality of these dishes, the price was truly a bargain. The only nit I might pick here (I had to find one so you wouldn't think I'd lost my edge) is the over-use of the skewer concept.Since I'd already blown my diet, why pass up desert? A Cast Iron Toasted Marshmallow Smores dish with Shaved Chocolate, Graham Cracker Cookies (homemade, not the flat board-like kind), and Malted Vanilla Ice Cream ($6) went with the Bonfire concept, but Jimmy urged us to try the Chocolate Bread Pudding with Banana Ice Cream ($6). Good choice! A huge portion of warm, gooey chocolate with hints of banana and caramel paired perfectly with the ice cream. Eventually I gave my spoon to Ken and told him not to give it back no matter how much I begged.The ambiance is pleasant. Lots of dark wood, with an impressive wooden collage on the wall behind the bar, commissioned from a local artist. I think it would be nice if more art work took the place of some of the innumerable TV sets lining the walls. But at least their sound was muted, and enjoyable music was being played at a reasonable noise level (live music Friday, Saturday and Sunday nights). There's a communal table, booths, high and low top tables, and very comfortable upholstered chairs. A good thing if you can't bring yourself to leave between lunch and dinner service.
5	EXCELLENT! We held a private party for a client of mine there and it was amazing.  One of the best events we produced!  The food is spectacular!  The staff is friendly and overly accommodating it was so refreshing to find such a great establishment that also believes in supporting local produce, and meats.  We should help support them!  They treat their customer's in a way I've not experienced in years, and as an event planner & producer, that really means a lot!  Each dish they brought out was better & better.  You have to have their charred onion bread pudding!  It's to die for!  Not to mention the beef was so tender you could cut it with a fork.  Loved the jalapeno poppers, but if you're not into hot, be careful they are caliente, but in a very good way! Kudos to a job well done in putting this little gem together.  I loved every bit of it and thank you so much to Robbie, Jimmy and the crew.  I will definitely be back to help our local family owned business!  Go BonFire!
2	I first went to Bonfire Grill and Bar on 8/12 with a friend and we ordered two apps each, they were: skewered grilled cheese sandwich, the skewered handmade pork meatballs, the tenderbelly st. louis pork ribs and the salt and pepper fried pork belly biscuits. Our visit to the restaurant was at around 9:30p and were surprised to see only a few diners. Let me say that the food served at Bonfire Grill is pretty good. Of course, the pork ribs could have a less sweeter sauce and something with a little more kick but overall every small plate we ordered was yum. I also got myself the Sangria which was refreshing. My two star review is simply because of bad service. From the start, getting the attention of our server proved to be a task, water refills had to be asked for as well as giving the bartender/server/available person around a dirty look hoping to get their attention just for more water. I really feel that bad or lackluster service regardless of how good the food can ruin the dining experience. Granted on our first visit there, the food and drink made up for the lack of service that I made the decision when I left that I would come back. FASTFORWARD to 8/19. I mentioned Bonfire to two friends and was able to get them to come out for dinner and try out Bonfire. I reassured them that it was a good place to go to, and on the drive to Bonfire I started salivating over the yummy salt and pepper fried pork belly biscuits. This time around again on a friday night, the Bonfire was happening. A band was playing and upon walking in, the restaurant was busy and almost full. We were given a choice to sit at either a table or booth, and we chose the booth. My second dining experience at Bonfire and my friends first was doomed from the moment we chose the booth to sit at. Upon closer look, the table was not clean, and we had to wait for it to be cleaned after having to ask someone to do that. Upon seating, menus were handed to us, and the service ENDED there. We were seated at 9:45p and no waters were served or was a drink order even taken from the time we sat down, at 10:05p, with no server in sight to even check on us or even assist us, my friends and I were ANNOYED. I even decided I was gonna call the resto from the booth to inform them that the corner booth we were at was being IGNORED by their staff. 20 minutes of no acknowledgement or service whatsoever is unacceptable. After waiting 20 minutes, failing to get the attention of a server or any server whatsoever, we decided to leave. I am dismayed that a restaurant in old town that has promise suffers from a severe lack of customer service. Regardless of how busy your resto might be, I would hope your staff are trained to realize which table might need assistance and whatnot, Bonfire showed a lack of care, and has marred any positives I may have held in regard towards this resto. Bad customer service = a bad dining experience and hence my two stars.
1	If I were writing this review on food alone, I'd give the place like 4 stars. They have really good food. They have this awesome pork belly biscuit app that is yummy. Good grilled cheese sandwich with some bacon and arugula that makes it a bit different from the usual. They have a good sangria that's like juice. I was looking forward to trying out different stuff when I went again, but I ran into the same problem, but magnified that I ran into last time I went, and that was poor service. I and a group of my friends went back, wanting them to experience the food as well. And we went on a Friday night around 9:30 and, as expected, it was busy. Now, the last time I went, it was another Friday night around 8 and their place was slow, like the only tables in were ours, a table of 6 on a high top, and a few other patrons at the bar. Service was slow then too. I chalked it up to the fact that our server was pulling double duty and playing bartender. But tonight was different. It was busy. It was like 15-20 minutes before happy hour, the band was going and the place was packed, like the usual restaurants in the area on a Friday night. And tonight, we were seated fairly quickly. Well, more like we were escorted to our table and then stood around, waiting for it to be bussed, but we were fine with that. We were able to sit down and peruse the menu. We were trying to make up our mind, when the person we thought was the server came over. It turned out that the guy wasn't our server, just a guy dropping off the silverware and plates. He apologized and corrected us in our error and assured us that our server would come by shortly. Well that didn't happen. People came by, and they kept on going by. At one time, one my friends attempted to call the restaurant in order to get someone to get to the table, but no one answered. Maybe the band was too loud or maybe they just don't answer their phones. It was then, that was had a glimmer of hope - a server heading in our direction. And what did this server do? Keep on passing us by. Well, needless to say, that was the end of that visit. We had had enough. We don't think we're gonna be back, at least not for a long while.
5	The staff here was really attentive and we didn't have to ask for much.  Super friendly.The food was great and interesting take on recipes. The atmosphere was really nice.The Happy Hour was really affordable.I highly recommend this restaurant.
5	Best Sunday afternoon football spot. EVER!!! Any game you wanna watch. Good beer on tap. Great appetizers. Staff works extra hard to keep us happy! Love it.
5	Went for dinner tonight and it was awesome!  I took my kids and I probably wouldn't bring them on a busy night but tonight was slow so we were ok. The server was awesome and the food was great!  My 4 year old said that her mac and cheese was " the best in the whole world". And she would be an expert on that!  We had the jalepeno poppers, short ribs, bacon wrapped scallops, salmon, bacon wrapped pork tenderloin and pineapple skewers. Everything was excellent.
5	Place is great, the food is excellent and the manager and owner were very nice gents when I spoke with them. I have hosted an event here and they were more than accommodating by offering some free-bee's for my guests. Have been back on a couple other occasions and always a good time.
3	Service was efficient and cordial. The food we had was GOOD but astonishingly average  and Maybe it is not fair to Judge or Yelp on only a two lunches (the chipotle meatball sliders and the chicken sliders) I had the Chicken slider plate , the chicken almost seemed boiled with little flavor. The light green avocado mayo tasted almost the same as regular mayo . My sliders also had a spec of artichoke and a chunk of very ripe tomato . I received onion fries that tasted sort of like BBQ seasoning mixed with seafood seasoning . I do have to say the ketchup was a hum ding er above average ketchup that should be named TWANG sort of an apple taste and this long lasting twang . The buns were heavy bread.We also had the Chipotle Meatball sliders with Bonfire chips . My companion thought the meatballs were dry . These sandwiches didn't have enough sauce to get any taste of it and the shaved Parmesan was cooked into a sauce that were topped on the meatballs (we were expecting shaved parmesan since that is on the menu) . The Bonfire Chips were good and they came with a real cheese sauce .Both lunches were good but over all rates average. I know so much work went into these dishes and feel bad only giving 3 stars but I really wanted the chicken to be better. If everything was as Great as the Ketchup I would have given 5 stars.3-4 stars depending on what you order.
3	Good food but smaller portions so after our entrees we ordered appetizers because we were still hungry:( The staff is very nice and attentive.
5	What a great find!  Great service, food, atmosphere.  The staff was friendly and helpful.  A good story behind the ambience.  Just ask one of the very attentive wait help or in our case, the owner.  The aroma and decor added to the night.  Can't wait to go back again and try something differnt.  Mac n cheese...mmmmmm.
4	Bonfire seemed like a new place. I liked the aroma emanating from the place one night and my boss and I went there for lunch.  I was surprised that we were the only ones in there. Not a good sign. But there is a lot of competition as plenty of good eateries are concentrated in Old Town Scottsdale. The decor is dark and very wooden -- reminded a bit of an hipster version of Stuart Anderson's Black Angus. A couple of TVs played college football games. The music was Country and Western (Yawn).I ordered a spare ribs appetizer and a caesar salad. The salad was good. The ribs were great. They were fall-off-the-bone tender and had a wonderful sauce that was just perfect. Dollops of bleu cheese on the ribs was a surprisingly good complement to the succulent meat. The portion was entree sized too.  My boss was ecstatic about his dish as well.After the meal, we talked to the manager and asked him why more people weren't here. He said that they do incredible business at night. I also commented that he might want to lose the country music. I returned for dinner a few weeks later.  I ordered the ribs again, with grilled corn on the cob.  The ribs were again enjoyable, but the recipe seemed a bit different with more chipotle spice added.  The corn was very tender and tasty.My very attractive server was also the daughter of the owner.  She told me they have only been in  business for 6 months or so.  It also seemed that they changed the music to a more modern, eclectic vibe.
5	I went here for my birthday dinner on a Thursday night.  Walking into the place it was very well laid out and a nice mixture of swanky lounge feel and then football games on the surrounding tv's.  The server, Jordan, was very good.  Most places bring you a scoop of icecream or something small for your birthday, this place wend the extra mile and let me pick from anything on the menu, nice touch!  I got the cajun shrimp and sausage skewers with white cheddar grits and decided to mix the two together for a little shrimp and grits action.  My girlfriend got the salmon and onion bread pudding, also great. Great choice for a nice night out; I will be back.
5	They have been open 7 months.. I can't believe I never came sooner! Amazing food, and I'd like to stop by when someone is in this DJ booth- looks awesome! Get the meatballs!WHY DID U CLOSE -- SOO MANY GOOD REVIEWS.. SOO SAD BONFIRE IS GONE, I LIKED YOU.
3	The BF and I went here last night because we had a doozy deal (cool new local deal site) for 40$. The decor is alright....I thought the 'fire' projection was super lame...but that's not that huge an issue. When we first came in, the place had a weird smell...not a food smell, but I don't know what it is...We started off with the spinach and artichoke dip at the suggestion of the waiter. It was really not very good. The chips were alright, but oily, and the dip was bland. So I ordered the bbq short rib slider with a side of garlic mash and the BF ordered the burger. We waited a long while for the entrees to arrive and our water cups were also left empty many times. The entrees were good. I got a lot of short rib for fairly inexpensive. The flavor was good, but it was very rich. The mashed potatoes were good, but not super flavorful and they came in a cute mini skillet thing, but the skillet wasn't hot....so neither were the potatoes. The BF said his burger was ok... not awesome but ok. He had the onion fries (regular fries with seasoning)....these were good at first, the ketchup was really good (spicy), but the fries got a bit monotonous after the first few. We had the chocolate bread pudding for dessert. It was huge! I liked that they separated the ice cream from the pudding. I thought the bread pudding was very good except there were parts that were really dry and other parts that were fine. I don't think any part of a bread pudding should be dry. It was good but didn't live up to the hype, which is kind of how i feel about this restaurant overall. I was really excited to try it, as it is a project from the same people as the mission (which is sooo goood in both service and food), but I was a bit disappointed (with both service and food). Maybe it just needs more time.
4	I must admit that I was pretty impressed with Bonfire. I used to visit this location when it was Furio and I remembered that it was pretty small. However, Bonfire put in a lot of work into the revisions with an expansion and upgrades. The lay-out is spacious and it has a friendly vibe to it. The food is also delicious and the drinks flow. Sadly, I don't know how many people actually make Bonfire a location on their "must visit" list but I think it's definitely worth going off the beaten Old Town path for. There are several booths and an open area for bar goers who want to stay around. A little elf tells me that I will definitely be back here very soon.
5	Stumbled upon Bonfire Grill and Bar while walking around Old Town Scottsdale looking for a place to eat lunch.  To our surpise we found a gem.  This place was awesome!!!  Our waitress was great also!!!  I loved the look and the feel of the place, and it seems like it would be a great place to hangout during the evening hours. I ended up ordering the BBQ Chicken Flatbread which was new to the menu. It was very tasty and hit the spot.  I hope to be back when I visit the Scottsdale area again.  Definetly Recommend!!!
4	Went to Bonfire Friday night because Mabel's on Main was closed for a private party (thanks, jerks, for not updating your website or anything). It was 6:15 and maybe 2/5th full. When we walked in we were hit with the overwhelming odor of FISH. My god, it was terrible (and only salmon was on the menu, that I recall). Thankfully, we stuck around because the rest of the night looked up.They have happy hour every day until close. That meant a couple bucks off beer, half price well drinks, etc., but glasses of wine were full priced (and the by the glass list was decent!) and so was the food.My friend and I picked three apps to share. She had the grilled cheese. While I didn't try it, she said it was great and it was beautifully plated (everything was--presentation is great here). I did have a couple of her house-made BBQ chips, which were outstanding.We shared an order of 4 pork belly sliders. They were incredible. From the soft but toasted bread on the bottom to the interesting toppings... it was great. I had the spare ribs. They were fall off the bone tender but WAY too sweet for me. Still, I ate them all.We made a meal of just three small plates, so it was a great value.The inside is strange--it's been vastly changed from the days it was Furio. I loved the new wall decorations. It's dark and could be romantic, if it weren't for giant TVs all over. That gave it a sports bar feel. Still, we give it an enthusiastic 4 stars!
5	We ate here about a month ago in the evening. The food was exquisite! We both had kabobs. One of us had bacon wrapped pork medallions and the other shrimp and sausage. We started the night with the warm spinach dip.The service was attentive and the feeling of the premises ambiant.thank you I will be back soon!
5	Great food, great atmosphere, great drink menus and pricing.  I got to meet one of the owners which doesn't happen that often these days so that was pretty cool too.  The place SMELLS AMAZING!  The guests sitting at the bar next to me were raving about their food so that was good to hear too... I loved my chopped salad too.  I am excited to go back soon!  I was really glad that I chose that place for my lunch.
1	They almost ruined my b-day! I had a private table reserved for 10 of my friends for this last weekend. Well when the first person arrived the damn restaurant was closed! They didn't even bother to call me. Luckily, Pearl Sushi  was able to accommodate my guest. Pearl sushi 5 stars.... Bonfire 0.
1	Out of business
4	For the first time, hub and I ate there last night, NYE.   I had the scallops and hubby had the pork.  Both were delicious entrees and we liked being able to order our own sides. He thought the mac&cheese was delicious and I enjoyed the broccilini. I started with the grilled artichoke which was pretty good (Ive had better at many orher restaurants) but husband loved their meetballs. Meetballs were sweet and flavired wirh cumun and large portion.  The portions were generally not big (but enough to fill you up) and the prices were reasonable for Quality. The service was great! Our waiter was friendly, extremely attentive and knowledgeable.  We were also impressed by the mgr who thanked us sincerely with a handshake and introduction as we walked out.  The singer was also impressive in his rendition on modern music. We dine out frequently and I would highly recommend this restaurant. Not only because of the food quality but also for the relaxing and hip ambience.  Please visit so we can keep them in business. Its a keeper!!!
