3	This is one old Subway.  It looks exactly the way it did when it first opened, even the same silk plants hanging from the ceiling (It reminded me of Three's Company).This place was almost like a dance club-- the music was so loud that I was screaming my order and the people putting the toppings could barely hear me and I could barely hear them.....  Try mouthing "banana peppers" and you look like a tool.  It was pretty funny though, we left with our plastic bags and subs in tow cracking up at the whole experience. One thing that bothered me was that as I was ordering my toppings, I couldn't see the ingredients.... I like seeing the ingredients to help me choose what I want on the sandwich.  I felt like I was 4 foot, I could barely see over the ledge.... what does someone who is short do?  I'm 5'6 (and a half) and I had a hard time. It's convenient for the downtown lunch bunch.  I will return.  The staff was upbeat and smiley, I am sure the music was keeping them in high spirits.  The bread wasn't as fresh as it has been in the past, but maybe it was just an off day?  We'll see!
2	I was going to give this place a good review.  They should teach a seminar on getting through a lunch rush line - they are THAT good at it.  This place always gets slammed at lunch during the week and I can still get in and out in under 5 minutes.I say I WAS going to give it a good review because, as soon as I clicked on it, I remembered the experience I had a year ago.  I was buying some sandwiches to take to a ballgame and the little guy behind the counter decided he would argue with me about what I wanted on my sub.  He starts mouthing stuff under his breath and I call him out on it.  The manager intervened but did nothing to punish the employee or to compensate me.  Never saw that little guy after that but I hope he is gone.
2	I have no choice because it's close by work. The staff is a who's who of crack-heads, drop-outs, and ghetto birds of all degrees of fabulousness. Efficiency is not exactly a hallmark quality of this location so best to avoid coming during the lunch rush.If you come at any other time you can get your sandwich about as quickly as they likes of the aforementioned can muster. Once in a while they'll get someone who has their shit together and can run things efficiently. Unfortunately much like a progressive priest at my old Catholic School, they never last.Lack of sufficient pre-planning is also apparent because one of the drawbacks of coming in after lunch time is that it's not unusual for them to be out of your preferred kind of bread (usually wheat) If the staff are busy chit-chatting in the back room you may have to wait until someone ventures out to find you waiting (wonder how many bags of chips have been lifted). If you work downtown you don't have a lot of options so all there is to do is deal with it. It's not God awful but it can be ghetto and I would LOVE to see the collective rap sheet of my local sandwich artists.
3	We came to this subway for the cinco de mayo fiestas downtown.  The place is big and has an upstairs.  The A/C in this place is awesome.  Made my lunch that much better.  They also serve breakfast all day which is awesome for me.  I've been to plenty of other subways that do not.  At the end of the day it is still subway.
2	Only 1 person on staff a big guy by the name Daniel, and apparently he forgot to make the bread. So instead of taking my order he  sprinkles cheese onto 24 loaves of bread while casually asking if I knew what my order was, of course I know what my order is I'm in subway. So after 10 minutes of being the only person in line I finally got my sandwich. Then I ask if the ice tea is unsweetened to which his reply was "I'm not sure" I point out the fact that the label says unsweetened but he still stands by his statement.  The sandwich turned out fine and the tea was unsweetened but geez I would hate to be here when it is busy
1	The guy working Oct 18th turned then open sign off more that 20 minutes before the 8pm close time posted.  Went in and asked if the store was still open and the response wad "I guess I could make something."  Lucky we only wanted drinks.  Owner should be pissed!
