4	My Husband and  I go to Rubio's often, he loves there fish tacos, and I love there salads, we usually visit the one on 101 and Frank Lloyd Wright,  but, sometimes go to this location, since my Mom lives near this location, she also loves there Fish Tacos !,   there was a young girl that was so sweet, and thoughtful, that she made my day, never have had this customer service from Rubio's before, I ordered to go, she offered a cup, so I could get water, while I waited, and also offered me larger container's for Salsa, she could probably see it in my eye, that I like it Hot ! was so impressed with her !
4	Nice clean place with decent food and exceptional value.  Competition such as del Taco or Taco Bell aren't in the same league.  Food is good tasting, staff is young and polite, and the parking is very nice.  Decent folks dining here too.
4	This is a great Rubio's, I don't know if there is new management but it seems so much nicer than a few years back.  I stopped by with the twins to see if they would eat here. There are so many happy meals I want to give them.  To my surprise, they loved the chicken taquitos.  They devoured them.  I am so happy I have another option when I am out with them.  The employees are very nice and keep the place very clean.
4	I thoroughly enjoy a fish taco from time to time and where else can you get one in landlocked AZ? Look no further. Mind you, I don't classify it as Mexican food, rather baja style. At this particular location, they have deals prominently on the whiteboard in the front, which I've enjoyed on several occasions. One time they featured a three taco plate for less than seven bucks. Not bad when you're dining out in this area. If you join their email club, you can get cool things like free chips and guacamole.Definitely recommend stopping by here if you're looking for quick and cheap in the northern Scottsdale/Carefree area. And, looking for great fish tacos of course.
4	I moved to Scottsdale in October from Illinois where there aren't any Rubio's. I happened upon it by chance. I ordered a lobster burrito (a special) and my daughter nachos. The ingredients were really fresh. The only thing I would change next time I order the burrito is the sauce. I would ask for it on the side or not at all. There was way too much and took over the taste of the lobster. The location is relatively convenient. Prices are competitive to other fast food places with similar foods. I would go back.
5	Love this place. The two chicken taco meal is my favorite. The place is always clean and usually quite when I go in. If you go in to order it usually takes under 10 minutes so I give the place props for the speedy cooking and short wait time.
5	Fish tacos for the win.
1	Just got home with Nachos & Chicken. 2nd bite and I found a very long black hair! Called them and spoke with the manager on duty who offered to remake them. We live 30 minutes away & I'm no longer in a. Nacho mood to say the least. No offer of a refund. Won't be going back there! Yuck!!!
1	Picked up dinner with my mom on 8/28/13. The chicken nachos had a very long piece of black hair in them. She pulled it out right before my eyes. Totally repulsive. She called the restaurant & the guy offered to remake them. When she explained we lived about 30 minutes away and no one felt like eating chicken nachos anymore, not even an offer of a refund. Didn't even seem concerned that employees were sending out food with their hair in it! Gross!
5	Love this place. We lunch here at least once a week. Clean, friendly, and great burritos and fish tacos.
1	My friend and I were looking for a place to eat, something quick  and fresh. When we pulled up and walked in we immediately heard "ooh s***..." Mumbled from one of the employees from the kitchen. It became very apparent that they were preparing to close, and that we had arrived 5-10 mins before they closed. We immediately felt guilty and asked if we could still order and the male employee response was "well it's not like I can ask you to leave" he then proceeded to tell us what was shut down and what we couldn't order, it was then we decided to leave.  From my experience it is understood that the close time is when they lock the doors and that is when the clean up happens, and you never turn down an opportunity for more business. Overall this was a poor experience and the employees need more customer service training.
1	Completely downhill in the past few months as the management changed and a lot of the staff in general have changed.  NOW HIRING sign has been up for awhile, so perhaps the fault rests with understaffing.
5	I have not been to any Rubio's in a long time. I used to go so often that the manager at the location near where I lived (Keith at Power & Baseline) used to know my name and my order and as soon as I walked in he'd call back to the cooks to get some Mahi going. It was great back then. I moved away from the area and have since tried different locations. My last few trips to different Rubio's locations were pretty disappointing.Today, that changed!I was at work and needed to grab something fairly quick. I decided to give Rubio's another shot. I'm glad I did. Most of the staff was clearly new, because the manager, I believe he said his name was Will, was sort of micro-managing everyone. At first I thought maybe he was just a jerk of a boss. Then it became obvious that he was doing it because it was necessary. He double checked every single order that came out of the kitchen and corrected the cooks (nicely) on whatever wasn't just right. I liked that. It assured me that quality control measures were in place and that he was making sure that the staff learned how things need to be done.The young man at the counter was very new and he seemed nervous at first but the manager kept giving him pointers and pep talks about getting orders correct and asking questions if he needed to. The kid did a great job, and even made helpful suggestions to me when I couldn't decide things about my order. He did great.I was not only impressed with the staff, but the food was great this time! It was better than I've had at Rubio's in a LOOOONG time. It's how I remember things being years ago when I frequented Rubio's multiple times a week. I switched it up from the Mahi to the new Tilapia tacos and they were delicious. They were a good size, and the fillings were generous like they used to be. The last few times I had been to Rubio's the tacos were really sad and hardly had any fish in them. This time they were perfect and fresh.There were only a few things I didn't like, but none that would keep me from going back:1-the wait time was kind of long. However, I'd rather have freshly prepared food, that is made correctly, than to have something quick and be disappointed, so I let that slide completely.2-the limes in the salsa bar were a little sad. You can tell when sliced limes have been sitting because they get brown around the edges of the peel...that's how these were. Fresh limes would've been nice. 3-the bathroom smelled gross. It was very small and didn't seem well ventilated. I don't necessarily think it was dirty, but it definitely didn't smell good. Perhaps a better fan or an air freshener of some kind might help.For the people who talk about the management change, Will did mention to me that he has only been at that location since March, so if you went before that and had a bad experience, maybe give it another shot because I thought it was great today.  :)
5	My husband and I have been coming here for years! Love this place! Food is always consistent. I find the staff is always very pleasant and happy. Never had one problem in 10 years and we are foodies! Oh yeah, it's lobster season right now which is the best!
5	I walked in and, after hearing the list of ingredients in the veggie burrito, asked them to make me a vegan rice, bean, veggie, and guacamole burrito.  The cashier named "Nash" made sure I got the correct rice, so it was vegan and repeated my order just to make sure it was right  When my burrito arrived, it was pretty low on rice, so the employee who delivered it, "B.J.", quickly got me a free side of rice to correct the problem.The burrito tasted great, and I love the free salsa bar.  Both Nash and B.J. were friendly and happy to help me, and I'll be going back the next time I'm craving rice and beans.  Thank you!
5	I love their chicken bowls here. So fresh. Just the perfect amount of food for a quick lunch. I also love their salsa bar. Plenty of options for every one. The staff is quick and friendly.
