5	I love guerrero's!  I worked in Mesa 15 years ago and we did burrito runs here all the time. I'm a huera, but my Hispanic pals all rated this place authentic.  It's a husband and wife team that runs it.  The best thing are the beans - incidentally, that's how I rate the authenticity of Mexican fare- They are the kind of beans I ate in Nogales during college (at a place I could only locate while intoxicated).  Thinner, lighter colored, and delicious compared to any I've EVER had this side of the border.  I live in PV now- super far - but after this I think I'm gonna have to take a road trip tomorrow to Mesa! Yum!
5	Tardy in reviewing Guerrero's after many years of great food and service. Celebrating their 28th anniversary in 2010. This is positively fantastic, homemade Mexican food!!Counter service, inexpensive, eat indoors or out. Excellent tamales, chilaquiles and superb breakfast burritos. Great refried beans.Opens at 7:00am for your morning fix.Support your local business owners!
4	Very decent and affordable.If I could give it a 3.5 I would.I got the "green chile con carne, enchilada style" burrito. Had a decent spice to it, sufficient meat but the cheese was a little sparse.I got this exact burrito to compare it with my favorite place, Ritos Mexican Take Out. Ritos is still in a league of its own, so back there I go.Go try it out though, it's worth a shot.
5	We decided to go to this place when the other place we were going to hit was closed.  But boy were we happy we did!!!  This little Mom & Pop joint (maybe grandparents is a better description) has AMAZING food!!!  My friend and I were hungry and everything looked so good!  I had a chimichanga and a chili relleno and my friend had a combo with an enchilada, taco and a tostada.  Everything was soooooo good!  The relleno was AMAZING;  so was everything else!  The rice and beans were also EXCELLENT!!!  The rice is not red, super yummy and flavorful.  I don't even usually eat beans at other places, but they were SO good here!!!  I just can't get over how good the food was!The cute couple that run this place is super nice and inviting.  And they remember you.  A younger guy was there picking up a to-go order and the 'mom' told him she put in extra tortillas and salsa cuz his Dad always wants that, but it wasn't asked for in the order.  SO NICE!!!!  There is not a lot of room inside, and it was stuffy, so we went outside.  They told us they would tap on the window when our food was ready!  :)  The only drawback was they don't serve alcohol, but when the food was that good, I didn't even miss it!  If you want a beer, take the food to go! Its totally worth it!!!  I wish I didn't live in CO; will definately come back when I visit again!!!
4	Guerrero's is a fantastic mom 'n' pop place.  I drove past this place many times before I finally stopped in.  Glad I did.  The restaurant has a small dining area but most people seem to pick their orders up.  If you're looking to dine in you shouldn't have any problems.When a small operation like this has been open for nearly 30 years you know it must be good.Typically I order the enchiladas but as of late I've been going earlier in the morning and ordering from the breakfast menu.  Everything I have tried here has been great.  All items are reasonably priced too and the service is friendly.Great little place.
4	After surveying the family, we all agreed on 4 stars.  The three of us ordered combo plates.  Chimi, steak picado, and green chile burrito.  The entrees were about the right size.  They skimped on the rice and beans, though.  Probably half the size they should have been.But the flavors were very nice.  Simple, but good.  The beans tasted "fresh" compared to the glop you get at most Mexican restaurants.  I would still have preferred to substitute them.  Menu says "no substitutions", but maybe that doesn't apply to the rice and beans (I like double-rice).  No chips and salsa, but that's OK.And the price is definitely right.  Probably 30% less than most other places serving similar food.  And many of them aren't as good!Oh...and the lemonade is fresh.  Not that Minute Maid swill.  I thought it was very good.Seating is very limited.  If more than a dozen people show up there will be no place to sit.  We were lucky that they weren't busy when we arrived.It's a bit far from my usual stomping grounds, but when I'm in the area this will be my choice for Mexican food.
5	Seriously one of the best restaurants I have eaten at in awhile.  This place has been here forever.  Seems like an older husband and wife.  He takes the orders and rings it up at the counter.  He didn't have a cash register or a calculator... .did it all on paper with pencil.  The wife was in the background answering questions- very helpful with the gluten free and vegetarian questions.  Once our order was placed you could hear her beating eggs (for my chili relleno) and the butter melting for cooking.  The food was EXCELLENT.  My husband got a taco and a tamale.  Rice was better than Mexican rice usually is, IMO.  I want to order a dozen tamales for Christmas eve ($20) and they have blue corn that are vegetarian. MMMMM... I will be back!
5	I have been coming here for many years. It is always excellent. Very homestyle sonoran mexican food cooked by mom and dad.
4	I love that the food was freshly made and the place had a great "down home" feel.  The owners are also very welcoming, made us feel like family.  We ordered the Bean Enchiladas, Chicken Enchiladas & Chicken Gorditas.  All came with Rice & Beans.  We all enjoyed our meals.  Good prices also.
4	Super sketchy exterior. Be strong! Good eating awaits. Red chile burrito enchilada style craving fixed for cheap. Microscopic interior, 3 tables 6 chairs 1 highchair. Pick up your order at the counter you ordered at. Fresh cooked to order in pots and pans, like eating at Papa&Nana's house.
5	Amazing little Mexican Food place. I am constantly on the quest to find an amazing Chimichanga, and I finally found it here. The food was amazing, the price was great, and the people were very friendly. It is definitely a take out place, but it is worth the wait of having to bring it home. Absolutely outstanding.
2	Maybe my expectations were too high, but i just didn't enjoy my food that much here. I ordered a carne asada burrito and it took a while to make. That by itself is no problem, in fact I prefer that they take their time and make the best meal they can. Run by 2 older folks who reminded me of my grandparents, the small building has a very nice homey feel.So when it comes out, it is this tiny little thing and felt like where did the almost $5 worth of burrito goodness go? Guess it must taste amazing then.And it delivers here, the flavor was great. Unfortunately the textures, authentic as they may be, just seemed to clash too much. I thought the steak portion was too tough to easily eat. That combined with a starchy cold tortilla just wasn't that appetizing to me. Almost reminded me of taco bell tortilla's when they aren't grilled a little.I think the grandma sent out the grandpa to grab more meat as I was leaving, so maybe they were out of steak? Either way, I probably won't be coming back again.
2	Nothing really special about this place, not what all the other reviews would lead you to believe
4	I thought this restaurant was good.  It is ran by an older couple who have owned the place for years.  The inside is small (only 3 tables) and you order your food at the counter and you pick up the food at the counter.  The food was tasty and I was surprised how it wasn't that greasy at all.This place is better than most places in the area as long as you aren't looking to have a waiter or waitress.
4	It's all good! Red and green chili and a beef taco!!
5	Talk about a hidden gem. Apache is not usually the first place I think about when looking for a place to eat, but Guerreo's may have just changed that. Apparently it's been there for years, who knew! It's one of those places you'll drive by a million times (at least I did) but it's worth stopping by at least once.The boyfriend and I went here on a Saturday for lunch. The place is tiny (like 3 tables inside tiny) but we were the only ones there so it was not an issue. The guy behind the counter was friendly in an old-guy-who's-been-there-forever-and-you-look-forward-to-seeing kinda way. I ordered a beef tamale and a cheese enchilada. Now I'm totally serious you guys, this was the BEST enchilada I have ever eaten and I don't even like raw onions (was not expecting those). I don't know why it was so good but it was AH-MAZ-ING. I'm craving it now just writing about it. The tamale was good too but majorly overshadowed by the enchilada's awesomeness. This place is cheap, friendly, and downright delicious. They do close early (7pm) so make sure you go in time, you won't regret it.
5	Awesome tacos- Will be back! Friendly and yummy ma and pa Mexican joint!
5	An excellent breakfast.  The owners are as wonderful as the food.   The huevos rancheros were outstanding.  The tortillas fresh and not oily.  This was a find.
4	Very good food!  My biggest recommendation for this place is to improve their hours!  To close at 6pm on SATURDAY is ridiculous, and then only stay open till 7 during the week just makes it very difficult to come here.  I would probably go there more often if it wasn't closed by the time I get out of work.Also, I think they could provide larger portions, and include chips and salsa.  Instead of charging $6 on combination meals, charge $8 and provide more food, and/or chips and salsa!Food is great, but provide better hours and more portions, even if you need to charge more.  customers would still keep coming.
