4	Ok, so I recieved a free car wash from my Car Dealership to this place. I  admit, this was my first experience with Full Circle Auto Wash.  I guess they have several valley wide locations, and they are a full service auto salon.  I rolled up on a Sunday afternoon, expecting a ton of people.  Um, there wasnt.  I was a little surprised. Its a Sunday afternoon, the weather is nice, and Im like the only one there. Ok, so I roll up and it takes the guy a minute to come over to my car.  The first guy greets me and asks if I want the stone cracks in my windshield fixed.  No thanks!  Then, the order guy comes to my window, and asks what I want done.  I said that Ive never been here before and only want what the coupon says, which is a free basic wash.  I also mentioned that since I havent washed my car in a while, I have some dirt and breakdust buildup on my wheels, and if they could just make sure to get it all off for me, that would be great.  He told me that they just do basic stuff to the wheels, and if I want to pay an extra $3, they can shine my wheels for me.  I told him I didnt want my wheels shined, I just wanted to make sure that they were clean! I find that this place is comparable to a Dannys, but they do not have as many valley wide locations as Dannys does.  The car itself came out clean, and the tires looked fine. I was happy with the service, and the car came out lookin good!  I will be back!
2	This place is only good for your basic exterior wash and interior cleaning. I've gone here several times and have had both decent and not-so-good experiences. In short, I'd only recommend the cheapest package they offer -- any other packages and it's diminishing returns.The long story:BAD: One time, I had taken the time clean out my entire car (trunk and all) so they could do a good vacuuming job. It wasn't vacuumed at all; lint and dirt was still very visible. Common surfaces weren't dusted off in the interior. GOOD: After this, I resolved to just getting the basic package, of which I think they do a decent job for the money. OK: I had to get my car waxed. I asked about their waxes and prices and why I need a wax vs. a buffing, and other questions. He tried to explain to me the benefits of a buffing, but I am always suspicious of car-related-salesmen. The buffing was sounding like something my car needed but since I didn't come here for that purpose, I mentally decided "not today". Before I could say no, he asked ME if I knew how much a buffing cost. I said no, and he smiled and smirked and said $85. Now I'm not sure if that's a good price or not, but even it's a great price, trying to sell me on a service in which you laugh at an uninformed customer is very worrysome. The workers, however, did a great job with the wax job.BAD: Just before my car enters the automatic part of the car wash, this guy enters the commons and asks to speak to me. "Are you aware of the NASTY crack in your windshield?", he asks.  ...Uh, you mean the smaller than a dime-sized chip on the passenger side? That's hardly a "nasty crack" but thanks for trying to upsell me. I say thanks but no thanks, and he begins to walk away. After I thought our conversation was done and he's 10 feet away, he loudly speaks to me about how important it is to take care of windshield cracks. I say thanks and I'll keep it in mind. Again, I thought our conversation was over. He walks away and now he's 20 feet away but turns around to shout that when I want to get it taken care of to come back and they'll fix it. Who shouts at their customers from 20 feet away?! Oh well, I think not every employee can be stellar.  ...Come to find out he's the MANAGER of the place. Nice, buddy, real nice.GOOD: Recently, they had a "buy 5 washes & get today's free" special and the 5 you bought were at a highly discounted price. I bought the most basic package for the discount.BAD: My car has a (false) ragtop and I asked the shift-manager if they had any 303 to treat my roof, so I wouldn't have to bother doing it myself. Hey, I'm at the autowash, if they can do it for me... He said yeah, we have this lotion that is the "same thing". I advise anyone to always personally watch their car get cleaned. My car was marked for "leather lotion", which I knew they should apply on first so when they wipe down the windows they will wipe off the excess spray. That didn't happen, and I thought "hm, well, they must know what they're doing". After not too long, they called me over saying my car was done. I said no, you totally forgot to treat the ragtop. The HONEST workers said "No, leather lotion isn't made to treat the roof." I said that I had paid $10 for this service, to get my rooftop protection-treated. They had to call the shift-manager over. The manager came and "treated" the roof himself.Now for those of you who don't know, 303 is a SPRAY that is made to protect the fabric and waterproof it. It has to soak in and you have to apply enough of it to have that happen. I don't know what the hell this guy applied to my roof, but it didn't resemble anything like real 303. The workers, I could see, were shaking their heads and muttering that this was wrong. And I knew it was wrong. I confronted the shift-manager and said that this was not like 303 and are you SURE that this is the same thing. "Oh yes."BAD: I wish I had gotten my money back but I had had it with this place, and I knew I could come home and write a review for all to see. And BTW, on that same day, the manager himself had come out to check out his employees. As I've come to notice, he has a really odd way of speaking to customers. He asked if he "knew me from somewhere" and I said, I was here a few weeks ago. Awkward silence. He then asked if I was informed from his staff about the crack in my windshield. I lied and said yes because I didn't want to have to dodge the same upsell. Condescendingly he said, "You mean, I don't get to YELL at my guys for not upselling you? Aww, man, I really wanted to yell at someone. Darnnit!"  ....Um,... really? Very classy. I feel bad for the employees. I think they work very hard and do a great job but are unfortunately are under terrible management. Once my discounted washes run out, I'm never coming back.
5	Got an oil change and car wash - they did a great job.  The cashier was super friendly - and the person who did my oil change was nice too.  He let me know what fluids needed changed and when I said no I just wanted an oil change today, he said ok and wasn't pushy.  I'll be back when I have more money to get those done.  Overall - Great job!
1	Not that impressed.  Costs too much to wash the car, they didn't even vacuum the back and left streaks on the windows.  Won't be back.
1	They wanted to charge me additional because my vehicle was "over sized".   A Scion is over-sized?  Give me a break.   The fella was so rude.  I was the only one there - I guess they really need to make the extra $1.   I'll be finding a new place for oil changes and car washes ..... for all four of our vehicles!
2	This is my letter I wrote to their corporate offices:  I went to get my car washed the other day, and I was VERY unhappy.  As I drove in I was approached by one of your "salesman,"  Anthony.  As I got out of my vehicle he stated to me, "Hey, I can get all these scratches off your car."  I said, "No, you can't."  He said, "Yes, I can, I used to detail cars. I know I can get them out."  I said (and pointed), "That one?"  He says, "Yes, I can."  I told him, there is no way (YEAH, I DID).  He then demonstrated that this 15 inch long scratch could be removed by showing me and stating, "See, if I my fingernail doesn't catch, I can get it out. The only part I couldn't get out would be here, here and here (just a three inch area)."  I have to tell you, it's a dream come true when someone tells me that, because I HATE that scratch.  He kept offering me the wax and whatever else, he started out with a $145.00 (and this was a discount from the normal $200 job), then down it went from there to a final price of $80.00, which according to him, encompassed a complete cleaning on my vehicle. I usually just get you hand wax, which is usually around $40.00, but with the promise of getting the scratches out, I was excited to say, "Yes."  Well, I proceeded around my SUV, and pointed out at least six (6) other scratches, one being a obvious paint "rub," that I could almost scratch off myself but wanted it professionally taken care of.  Every scratch I showed him, he "flicked," with his finger and said, "Yes, I can get those out."  So, heck yeah...I took the $80.00 deal!  I had also remembered that the previous week when I had washed my car I had been told by the end line guys here, that the next time I came in I should get a wax to get some bird droppings off because they could oxidize my paint.  Okay, to make a long story short, NONE, N.O.N.E. of the promised scratches were removed...again, NONE.  I got to the vehicle after waiting one hour and forty-five minutes, and called the office.  Tara (I think), told me she was going to have Tony come out, the manager.  Well he did, and I told him about the promise of removing the scratches and what took place, he called Anthony over.  Tony even recited the same thing, "If my nail catches, we can't remove it."  I told him, I know, I had gone over each scratch with Anthony, and he assured me that all the scratches would be removed.  Why would I have an $80 job completed, when I'm happy with my $40 wax I normally get?! Anthony came over and I confronted him there, and he admitted that he did promise the scratch removal.  I said, "You said this one would come out. Look at it, nothing came out."  He inspected it and said, "They should have gotten it out."  Tony told him, "No the rule is, if my fingernail can catch it, it won't come out...you know that is the rule."  Anthony appeared a little perplexed as to why that area didn't come out.  I then showed him ALL the other areas he promised me would be removed and they weren't!  I even then showed him at least four areas where bird droppings were and they didn't even get them off.  I think I embarrassed Tony a bit, because he was like, "That's were it's been oxidized from the bird poop."  I then proceeded to flick it off.  He responded, "Oh, yeah that should have been taken care of."  The scratches, according to Tony, could not be removed (LIKE I already knew, but got conned into paying for).  He kept asking what I wanted him to do.  I have to tell you the one on the passenger side door, should have been taken off, it's just a paint rub...that's it!  So, I allowed them to detain me for another twenty minutes, now we are two hours into this wax job, what a mess!  I let them work on it for about twenty minutes, and was just like, forget it...this is crazy...it should have been done right and I should NOT HAVE been promised something that didn't come to fruition.  I would have been happy with the $40 wax (and most of the time it's $35 when I come on Mondays).  I shouldn't have to tell him that I want half my money back, it should be offered!  I shouldn't have to suggest anything!  Why put me on the spot?!  I already got screwed by your salesman, why is it fair I suggest a solution?!  Then to add INSULT to injury, I get in my car (after just being fed up with the whole thing)...my vents are dirty, my car door still has a drip on the armrest that wasn't cleaned off...if you open my door there is dust/dirt very visible and I had purposefully taken out my middle console so they could get the dirt from there and they did nothing to it...just put it back and the dirt/dust was still there. ADDED:I am normally happy with the job they do, just not happy about the services I received this day.  I know they miss spots here and there on occasion, but normally I just point them out and they take care of it.  I think for $15 I don't get too picky, maybe I'm wrong.
4	The people are nice, but they always seem to be in a rush and there is not usually a line. It's a little expensive, but they do an okay job. It's pretty close to the house so there is a convenience factor built in there.
1	Not impressed, windows were smudged, water spots on both sides doors, windows, and top of my toyota. Way over priced for the quality. I went back next day to have the car touched up, no such luck. This business just lost my business. I even gave the employee 5 dollars when he finished my car later realized that they did a half aas job.
3	I come here because they do a good job cleaning my car and it's locally convenient, but the glass replacement guy drives me nuts every time I drive up! It's like you have to go through a sales pitch every time you come to the car wash!I try my best to dodge him, but he still finds me! LolNEXT!
1	I recently moved to the area from Las Vegas, where I had my car impeccably hand-washed and detailed at least once a month for an awesome price and great customer service with no haggling.  Since Full Circle was convenient and seemed to have similar services (sans hand-washing), I checked it out.I have given them THREE tries.  Third strike and they're out.During my most recent visit, I expressed that I was not satisfied with the previous vacuuming job as the hatch wasn't even touched and there was debris left all over my floormats (heavy duty rubber and easy to clean).  I asked that they please pay special attention to these areas, and went inside to pay.  Not 5 minutes later I saw my car in line to be washed.  I walked out and asked the guy at the wash station "how could my car be completely vacuumed in 5 minutes?" and he promised he would pay special attention to it after the wash and address my concerns.  He also stated that the first vacuuming guy stated something about "dog hair" being present.  I had previously removed the hammock cover from the back and there were rogue hairs on the edges of the seats which needed vacuumed (keep in mind I have my car detailed MONTHLY and take precaution to have my dogs clean and on the cover, so this was NOT major).  YES my car has debris and dog hair which needs vacuumed.  Why would I bring it here to be done if it was CLEAN already?So I tell the cashier I will wait longer to have it done correctly, I don't mind.  WELL when my car is done after the supposed "TWO" vacuums, I am told it's ready.  I check it before leaving and it was not clean as there was still sand and dirt in the hatch and crumbs on the front seats and in the cup holders.  Ugh.  So frustrating.  I didn't say anything because by this point I was tired of talking because as history suggested, it did not good.  I did tip the drying guy.  Hey, it's not his fault.Another thing, it is no secret that while you are waiting you can't really see what they are doing with your car as they have you in this circular waiting room well away from the vacuuming and drying areas.  Unless you like waiting in the scorching heat, you don't have to watch and can just assume they are doing a half-@$$ job.I will NEVER be going back there.  I take pride in my car and when I pay for something and you expect me to tip on top of that, I want it done COMPLETELY and CORRECTLY.  Please avoid this place.
3	Finally a place that...well...really washes your car!  Good job, and I didn't have to do the car wash after the wash.  BUT, still did not do the back area of the Nitro great, thats why the 3 star.  I will go back, and hope it's not a 2 star review after.
1	Tried again and still not happy.  Streaks on windows...I can understand not going in to the backseat of the car, but I don't understand why they can't clean the console!  This is the last time....I gave it a second try and still disappointed.
1	Mean employees that were literally yelling at drivers. One guy charged up to a woman driving a truck, yelled, reached through the window, and grabbed her steering wheel.  Very disappointed in wash results.  They used dirty rags that left streak marks all over the car and windows.   I've tried 3 of their locations and had bad service at each.
1	Worst car wash I've ever had!!! They kept trying to up sell me on EVERYTHING & kept pushing an oil change when I hadn't even met my mileage yet. I paid $30 for my wash & it was the worst $30 I've ever spent. When I first walked up to my car it didn't seem that clean to me but I thought "Whatever, it looks better than before." Mostly I took my car in bc I spilled milk on the passenger door and some got on my seat. I was going to be driving my boss around and wanted to get it cleaned. I didn't notice til today that the milk was still there! I have leather seats. Its not hard to wipe it off esspecially since I got the upgrade!
5	Great Place To Wash your car
3	So many things can be done here to improve! I bring my cars here and always tip good because the guys kick butt on the cars but the management needs work!
1	Lowest quality work you could get. Did a detail and I had to undo the damage. Armor all drenched on the bottom of the floor mats. Dirt, grime and filth "covered over" with again, armor all. Paid top dollar for  shampoo full interior and wax. Cleaned only 60% of inside that had to be recleaned. will never use them again , this was second time. STAY AWAY!!
4	Each time I have visited, they are fairly quick, understand what I would like and my car is clean.  The waiting area is rather clean and basic with snacks for purchase and basic car accessories.  The staff is friendly and always greet me with a warm smile.Don't forget to tip!
1	We live near this car wash and have been taking our vehicles here for wash and detail for several years. This last time I brought my husband's truck in, his blue tooth device was laying out, so I put it in the middle compartment as I drove up. The next day when my husband went to work, he went to grab his blue tooth headset and it was gone. I went and talked to the manager and they said they would talk to the staff from the day prior and get back to us. They never got back to us. We didn't expect the headset to turn up, but we were hoping for him to follow through and get back to us. Needless to say, we will not be returning to this car wash.
1	I have taken my vehicle here for several months. The quality has gone down hill to the point that I won't be going back.
4	Came here on my lunch break. As soon as I pulled up I had someone greet me. The guy helped me put my daughter's car seat in the trunk and the closet of shoes I had in the front seat. He noticed my trunk was very, well dirty, and asked if I wanted it vacuumed. I asked if it was extra and he said no so I was really surprised they offered extra service without me asking for it. When I got my car back I was really pleased. The outside looked nearly perfect and the inside was well vacuumed. Windows were streak free! A little heavy on the armor all and they left my A/C running on full blast but personally that did not bother me.
2	Prepare to wait. Every time I come here I wait at least an hour for an oil change. The car wash is usually sub par and they are usually pretty pushy with sales. Gave this place another shot today and I regret it.
5	So I went to get my Xterra, "Scarlett", a wash and a very nice guy said, "Hey, your windshield wipers are pretty old". He asked me if I wanted them changed and I said, "Sure". He was done in 5 minutes. Scarlett got washed and I was on my way. They always do a good job here!
2	Salesman was persistent on trying to update my $19 wash to a $99 detail. He was borderline argumentative and aggressive, I would not recommend this place at all. The entire establishment is ran by shady looking people, it's not a good sign when you look at other customers and they all look nervous. The lady waiting next me mentioned how she would just be happy if all her belongings are still in the car when they were done. :(
1	I took my car in for an oil change, their banner advertisement said $39.99. When I pulled up I told the very friendly guy I wanted an oil change and I pointed at the banner. He offered and told me about their  different car wash options, I picked one and I walked inside to pay for it. I was then told my car needs transmission fluid flush, coolant flush, New air and fuel filter and it would be over $300. I explained I'm a single mom on a very tight budget and all I do was the oil change. I went to pay and the girl at the register said to wait and pay after the car is done so I did. What a surprise I got when I went to pay, my total was $78.57. I was charged $54.99 for the oil change. I asked why if the banner says $39.99 and I was told my car has high mileage so I got the high mileage service. That's not what I asked for. I asked for a manager he said, "I am a manager, I don't know what you want me to do, I even gave you a free car wash" and he walked away. NO, he didn't give me a free car wash because I paid $20 for it and I wasn't asking him to give me anything for free. Bottom line is I was charged for something I didn't ask for. The "manager" was not professional and I will not be going back.
2	Didn't touch the inside of the windshield until I pointed it out. That was the main reason I went in because the new car vapors had really clouded it up.  Excuse was that they clean the car in the shade so they didn't see it.Didn't clean any mirrors at all, didn't notice that until I left. Outside mirrors still filthy from recent rain.  Crummy job vacuuming.  Didn't put the drivers mat back on the clips because they broke one of them when vacuuming.  Left the broken piece just sitting there.
3	These guys who run this aren't honest but their employees are honest hard workers.
2	High pressure for up sale on services for services. Not happy with car wash--the basic didn't even get the car clean. They td me car had no oil which could not have been true but can't prove it--wanted to flush it. My mistake for going back a second time--lesson learned.
1	Rude ass people!! I pulled up about 655pm. & when I get to pay, the guy says the vacuums will be off when your done! Like who the fuck cares I came here to wash my car. Then I go thru the wash and it was soo shitty I asked to redo and he says he closed the gate. It's not closed you just put two cones on the entrance. Never coming here again! I would give them no star if I could've!!!
1	The first guy I encountered didn't say anything to me just did next to my car, then he said "Well did you tell me what you want? ". I told him I had just received a monthly pass, a splash pass. It is a sticker in my windshield with a barcode.  He said, well how much did you pay for it?  I said I have no idea it was a gift.  He said well it's probably the regular wash.  I said can't you scan it to see what wash it is, he said no, it's just the regular.  I went to the cashier and asked how they would know, she said they are supposed to scan it, I don't know why he doesn't do that.  He was truly one if the rudest people I've ever dealt with in a business setting.  I will never go back to this location!  On top of that they ran my car through twice and the soap didn't work either time.  I feel bad for the people who paid for a wash and their car didn't even get washed.
