5	This is the latest location of Arizona Sandwich Co. We went for the first time about a month ago and have been at least once a week since. I have eaten at least 3 different selections and my boyfriend gets the same kind every time (The Italian Bomber) and we've both always gone away full and happy. For about the same cost of a "meal" at Subway you can get a delicious sandwich piled high with fresh tasty toppings on their delicious soft bread that they have made special for them. You get your choice or potato salad, chips or grapes with your sandwich, plus your drink which rounds out the meal just right. Their house "dressing", some sort of vinaigrette that comes standard on their sandwiches, is just right. Everyone there is always really friendly. TJ is awesome! We'll be back again and again. Ahwatukee, if you let this one slip away...I might just have to move!
3	Food is good and reasonably priced but I have been there 3 times and my order was incorrect all three times
3	Overall, sandwich was good and filling, but I was not a fan of the house dressing. It was way too garlicky for me (and I enjoy some garlic on things). I got the Sparky. If I happen to be in the neighborhood, I might stop again, but I don't think I'd go out of my way for it.
4	Great sandwiches loaded with meat, and $6.50 for the combo is a great deal!
4	Ever since I saw their menu on my door, I have been dying to try this place. I went today and stuck with the basics: turkey and cheese, lays potato chips and a cherry Coke. First bite: the bread was nice and soft and the turkey was thin and lovely. Great lunch for 6.50 and I will definitelt return to try the pastrami.
5	I dont have a favorite cause I'm always trying new sandwiches. Love them all. I go light on the dressing sometimes too. Veggie on wheat is good. Meatballs are the size of my fists and require a fork and knife (take home). Anything with avocado is at the top of my list. Awesome!!
5	I'm a guy. A guy who likes good sandwiches. These are great sandwiches.  So, if you're a guy (or gal) who like sandwiches then you need to check this place out. Soft bread, quality meats piled high, a garlicky "house dressing" which really brings it all together = the perfect lunch. Top that with friendly people working and you have a hit. You may be tempted to order more sub than just the "shorty" 6 incher but let me assure you that this will put you in the satiation zone and then some. Now to spread the word, and my own selfish agenda, to keep places like this growing.-------Update Feb '13:STILL consistently great food and wonderful service. Considering my ever increasing number of check ins it probably goes without saying that I'm a big fan.
5	I think they just had to work out a few bugs, I have been back MANY times and the food has been awesome and reasonably priced. Reasons to go: 1) Great value for lunch2) Food is always good3) Staff is very friendly
2	I don't understand the hype.The good: the service is very friendly and you get a good amount of food for the money.  A combo (sandwich, side, and drink) will cost under $8 after tax.The bad: these are simply not good sandwiches.  They give you a TON of meat, however is is not evenly distributed on the sandwich and most of it ends up as a giant gob in the center of the sandwich.  There is way too much meat and it just overpowers everything, and you can't even tell you're also eating bread, veggies, and cheese.  No kidding, if you did a blind taste test you would think you're just mowing down a giant pile of sliced deli meat.Would I return?  Perhaps, however I would take Jimmy John's over this any day.
5	Great home made taste on the meatballs.  Also they have diet coke.  Shop was nice and clean.  Friendly and fast service
5	I've been here three to four times now and have gotten the Italian Bomber, Sparky, and Phoenix.  Haven't had a chance to try any hot sandwiches yet, but these cold sandwiches were great!  Service was friendly and very quick.  The sandwich - loaded with lots of deli meat, the bread (wheat and white) is nice and soft, and the house dressing they put on them is the perfect touch to top it off.  A "shorty" sub (half footer) is more than enough food for most people and comes in at around $5-$6.  Great price for a sandwich with much more substance and character than a $5 footlong.  Go try one now!
5	Best sammies around. Very reasonable too.
4	Very good food, but a bit overpriced.
5	Great bread, generous portions of delicious meats, makes the perfect sandwich every time and never ceases to please.
4	Went to the paint store and while the paint was being mixed I stopped in to get some grub. I was very impressed, the bread was fresh, the meat was piled high and the fixins were good. I got it with everything and it wasn't overly sloppy or soggy. Only reason it didn't get 5 starts was the ice machine had no ice for ice tea, that kind of sucked.
5	Oh man! What a great sandwich! Best sandwich I have had out of Philadelphia.
5	I don't usually write reviews, but my experience at this spot was worth me taking my time to type something up. The owner, TJ, is super friendly and helpful. He takes customer service to the next level. Did I like the sandwich? Indeed I did! The bread is soft and fresh. The meat is sliced deli thin and packed on thick. The 'secret sauce' adds a nice twist to it too. I drive past this place every single day, it's literally around the corner and up the street from my house. I was coming home from the eye doctor who used some eye drops that made my vision really blurry. I decided to finally stop in since it's close to home (I was afraid to drive farther). TJ was behind the register and he immediately greeted me with a smile. My vision was blurry, not blind... I could see his teeth, so I think it was a smile :) plus the energy in his voice was welcoming. I told him I couldn't see anything on the menu but that I wanted something with turkey. He described all my options and when I told him I had to keep my calorie count low (non work out day), he suggested the healthiest option. Then just my luck, I had issues with my debit card ... I was so embarrassed. But TJ assured me not to worry and it was his treat. I returned again today to pay my debt and try a different sandwich. TJ was at the counter again.... I overheard him call his customers by name. Then he made an effort to remember my name, which I totally like. Yeah, say my name! ... 'cause sometimes you wanna go, where everybody knows your name :-)I know it's just a sandwich, but it's fresh meat, fresh bread, fresh veggies, and great customer service. It's way better than going to Subway (which to me stinks like someone's crusty feet). And I'm one to support local mom and pop shops rather than chain stores. They are always much more welcoming than the random employee at a big name shop. So yes, Arizona Sandwich Company has a new fan. I'll be coming here again and again... especially after my long runs... I'll be looking for all that meat they pack ;-)
4	Awesome sandwich shop in ahwatukee  not a big name so I think a loot of people pass it up but if your hungry and close by give it a try. They have great bread and big portions for decent price
5	I have never ever ever been disappointed in their sandwiches. I haven't even tried half the sandwiches and I can't wait to have them all!! So far my favorite is the Az Philly. Perfection. The employees are awesome as well! Very kind and inviting! My co-workers also love this place. One of them often gets the Chef Salad and she loves it! I would get extra dressing though, as the salads are HUGE! Love this place!
5	The food is delicious.  I got the sparky and it was very good and filling.  The sandwich after tax and all was only about $5.  Great food, great service.  I'll be back for more for sure.
4	If you get a meal, go with the potato salad for a side. It's really good.
5	Best deli sandwich I have had in a long time. You will not be disappointed
4	Good sandwiches.  The bread is really good and the prices are very fair.  I've driven by this place dozens of times and always thought "I wonder if that place is good." Now I know and it'll make it's way into the lunch rotation.
5	Great subs.
1	Well I guess it serves me right getting a breakfast burrito from a "Sandwich" shop, but the flyers were all over my workplace but lesson learned...It never looks as good as the picture. Hit up The Burrito Company or Filaberto's for a good breakfast burrito.
5	This place has the best sandwiches hands down. They fill them high with meat and the bread is soft. The price is very reasonable and the staff is great. Put it this way I will never go to a Subway, Jerseys Mikes again.
5	This is our favorite sandwich place in phoenix! The service is great and the sandwiches are even better! Price is inexpensive as well! Awesome place!
3	ASC Is Okay,....I've had better food. The Sandwich I had was the meatball. It was okay, the meatballs tasted like they were pre made, and had a little sour hint to them, as if it were a lemon type of seasoning or something. However the bread was very good. The staff was very nice, and very welcoming to me as a first time customer. I need to go back and try other menu items...
4	This place is awesome! I've had several sandwiches and they all have been excellent and loaded to the max with meat. The bread is fresh and chewy and nicely compliments the fillings. The service is normally fast and friendly, even during the lunch rush frenzy. One of the things I like most about this establishment is the tax is already included on their listed menu prices, score!  On their combos you can select your choice of macaroni salad, potato salad, fruit or chips- You gotta love variety. The sandwich is so large honestly I wouldn't recommend getting a side unless you have a behemoth appetite. One thing I wish they would change is their cookies, they use the Otis Spunkmeyer brand but I'm sure they can make something better than that in house.
4	Hole-in-the-wall with fresh tasting deli inspired sandwiches. A combo will satisfy anyone and wont burn a hole in your wallet. Try the Shocky!
5	This is just simple solid delish food. One good way to tell a great lunchtime sandwich place is if the parking lot has cop and fire vehicles in it. (This place is actually right across from a fire station, so those guys have it easy!) It's not uncommon to also see several UPS trucks, plumbers, trades folks and all other walks of life. The product is so loaded up and fat that it's almost hard to eat! This is a good problem to have. Easily the best sandwich place in the Tukes and the greater I-10 n Ray part of the valley for that matter. Nondescript yet comfortable semi hidden little suite next to a trophy and insurance business. The menu features 24 sandwich combos on their signature soft chewy rolls. They serve mostly just Sammy's but chili is great too.  Sorry I rushed this review but no matter. If you're in the area and hungry for a sandwich, just head over. I doubt you'll be disappointed.
4	Love this place. Each sandwich has a lot of everything. You are not left wanting more of anything. I get the small sandwich and only able to finish half of of it. I've seen the large sandwich and even if you are a big eater. You may want to bring your A game.
4	I had the delicious chicken club avocado meal. I like how the options for sides aren't just chips, but potato salad, macaroni salad and grapes too! My sandwich was wonderful. I would give them 5 stars but I've only had one thing off the menu so far so who knows. I got a side of their house dressing to dip my sandwich in. Really good.
3	On our way to the airport we stopped here...seen it a bunch of times and wanted to give it a try.We had the daily special, which we ordered since we weren't familiar with the menu- after ordering we realized that this isn't really a special as there is no decrease in price..haha oh well- made ordering easy on us. To be honest, even after looking at the menu again I can't remember what we had-not that it wasn't good, but it wasn't very memorable. Most of their sandwiches have the same 4 ingredients..so they kind of all blur together. I thought for $7.50 the meal was a good value (came with a drink and a side). We actually split this meal and while I was full, my husband needed a bit more food. As some other reviewers have noted- the filling, while ample, was not evenly distributed, so some bites were heavenly, and others were lacking in flavor.  The girl at the counter was on her phone the entire time, so we had to wait for her to put it down when we ordered- we noticed that this happened to most customers who came in while we were eating. She offered no greeting when we came in, and didn't say goodbye/thank you when we left.
2	Food is really good.  Sandwich's are tasty...and very generous portions........BUT... the owner has ABSOLUTELY NO CLUE what real customer service actually  means.  Why do I say this?  Here's why:1) Asked for a 'cold' sandwich to be 'hot'.  OWNER RESPONSE: "NO!  I cant mix cold and hot sandwich work areas or the Health Department will write me up."  WTF??  SUBWAY, Jimmy John's, and every other sub shop has 'hot' and 'cold' in the same area.  Fairly confident you can microwave a 'cold' sandwich without getting written up, no?2) Asked for a small sample of the chili. OWNER RESPONSE: "NO. It's beans and some onions and regular chili'  WTF?  Do you understand that if I like the taste, I may actually ORDER some???  I am sure the less than 10 cent food cost for a tiny sample is worth potentially selling several orders as I am a repeat customer for over 2 YEARS!!!!The staff is great, but the owner needs to get a clue.
5	We love the sandwiches here! Piled high with great meats. Don't skip the house dressing, the tanginess is addictive! Skip the combo, their chip selection isnt great but havent tried their home made sides yet. Their sandwiches are pretty big!
5	Fantastic sandwich shop. The bread is so fresh and delicious too. It's not uncommon for me to eat there at least twice a week.
4	Best deli sandwich around Ahwatukee.  Bread is a little soft for my taste, but still a good sandwich.  I will go back, but still looking for something in the phoenix area to rival my hometown favorite:  Bay Cities - http://www.yelp.com/biz/bay-cities-italian-deli-and-bakery-santa-monica
5	I've been eating in the area for a few months now and I'm so upset that I only just found the Arizona Sandwich Co. The service is great and super fast and the sandwiches are amazing! This is now officially my favorite lunch spot in the valley!
5	I first had a sandwich from this establishment at work, as someone ordered a party tray for a pot luck.  I was hooked.  I also ordered a party tray for work and have continued to eat there when I needed a quick bite to eat.  I am not into a meal deal, so I only get a sandwich and for $5 even, it is worth it.  The owner TJ is very friendly and personable.  The staff that I have seen are professional and curteous.  I have never had a bad sandwich, but I am particular to #12 (roast beef and Avocado) Yum!
5	I went here for the first time today and was impressed as soon as I walked in the door. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful, and gave great recommendations for my first sandwich experience there. The sandwiches themselves were delicious, piled high with meat, and you could taste the quality in literally every ingredient. I can't wait to go back!
5	Best sandwich shop I've ever been to.  I'll start off with the fact that you will never eat at Subway again!  Meat!  SO MUCH MEAT!  The toppings are wonderful.  And the bread.  THE BREAD!  Soft, squishy, and cooked to perfection.  The only problems you have are when you leave: you're full, and your breath will smell like the house dressing for hours.  But it is so worth it.  If you haven't rolled in here, DO IT!
4	Well made Sandwiches, I love their bread.
5	Wow.  This beats any subway or jimmy johns hands down !!!! Everything is fresh and the bread is to die for
4	This place is the best deal for lunch. I don't know why I see any of my co-workers walking in with subway when this place is so close. Everything is always fresh, the bread doesn't taste like it's bathed in chemicals like a lot of the corporate sandwich shop bread does. I like the american. It is simple and easy but everything I have had has been awesome.This was my first time at this location. My only complaint is that they tore the paper they were wrapping my sandwich in today and then started over with new paper. Let's save trees and not waste them on a little paper tear! Great place!
5	My 3rd trip in 2 weeks. The BEST Sandwich yet. I had a #11 University...with Ham, Roast Beef, and Turkey. Add the peppers, and avocado to it...MMM. If you're a carnivore you'll like this place. They pile the meat high. Since the most expensive sandwich is $6 w/tax they're a GREAT DEAL! Think of what it would cost for triple meat at subway.
4	Not too bad... good subs, kinda small though. 5 inches?  A+ Meatball sub tho, well done!
5	Just give them a try. Make sure to get the house dressing on your sandwich because it ROCKS! I wish they would bottle it.
5	great value and a great sandwich!  don't order a large sandwich unless you're really really hungry. their sandwiches are HUGE!
5	I have been out of town on business and couldn't wait to get my sub fix today, but when I got there they were out of bread. The Port of Subs I ended up with sucked, and cost twice as much.
2	I do appreciate that they do not skimp on the meat/toppings. But I am not afan of their bread. It is too soft/squishy for my taste. I am all about the bread so I do not think I will be back.
4	Love the sandwiches!!! Always friendly staff too.
2	Grabbed lunch here yesterday. I often visit the location in Tempe for lunch from work so I know the food and selection of sandwiches is great,However, this located was very poorly organized, the seating was limited and the hair was obviously not set low enough. The line to order is located down a narrow walkway towards the back of the shop. I will stick with grabbing lunch at the location by place of business. :-(
3	Friendly staff. Small dining area. I am not a fan of their bread. Too soft and squishy. Wanted whole-wheat but they were out. Nice amount of filling just don't like the bread.
4	My wife and I have been coming here for almost a year now, and I can say that they are still making GREAT SUBs, but the attention to details are not what they should be. On the last 3 visits I requested peppers on my sandwich, and they failed to put them on. I even reminded the girl making the sandwiches tonight, and she still forgot them. The staff needs to learn how to read their order tickets. They have failed to make the sandwiches as ordered MANY times now. MY wife always has a #4 which has cheese on it, and requests it without the cheese. Only 2 out of the last 10 trips did they remember not to put the cheese on. I don't mind that since I get the extra cheese on my sandwich, but it is rather sad that they do not listen to their customers.  They need a colored highlighter to mark the items that are added or removed on the order tickets, so that the staff will see the changes. I hope the owner will address this!They still have the best bread, good portions of meat, and the dressing is GREAT!
5	Coming from California, I miss great sandwiches. This definitely isn't the same but is best thing I've found so far. I pick up lunches here all the time for the office and I can't wait to use them instead of Paradise Bakery for a sandwich platter.
5	well I'm not a huge sandwich guy, now i go once or twice a week, trying to eat better but its hard for me, but this place makes it a lot easier! i hate subway, jimmy johns is way to pricey for no dam reason, but here for 6 bucks you can get the freshest dam sandwich ever, the bread is amazing and i get the sparky or the phoenix every time. best sandwich in phoenix and for 6 bucks w tax you will not beat it, and everyone there is really nice! a must try for everyone for sure, if you don't you are missing out big time. i got my whole office hooked after there 1st bite!
3	I stopped by for lunch when visiting home one weekend and opted to try their weekend special, The Club. The combo comes with a fat 6-8" sub, a side, and a drink for ~$7. Not a bad deal!The sandwich was pretty good considering the price, as was the side. The three girls manning the shop were pleasant, but I felt it was a little off that I had to begin the interaction by greeting them at the counter when I was the only patron in the place. Overall, not a bad experience but nothing spectacular either. 3.5 stars
4	Great place for a sandwich! It's the real deal piled with your favorite meats and veggies! I had the Sparky, a really great and flavorful sandwich with potato salad!I highly recommend stopping if you're in the area.
4	I really love this place, and it would have earned 5 stars if they had better hours. It seems that every time I have a real craving for one of their sandwiches, they're closed. I like the party platter the best, and when we go out on the boat I like to get one for the trip.
5	My all time favorite sandwich shop in Arizona!! All the sandwiches I've ever gotten have not lacked in meat and sauce -without being too saucey- Seriously bomb!! I highly recommend the Sky Harbor!
4	Great food, and they also do a teacher discount if you have your teacher ID with you. But if you go there for breakfast, they don't have coffee, so be prepared for that. The staff are very nice and helpful.
