4	I went here to help a friend buy a suit for his best bud's wedding & it was fun to check out all the men's stuff.  'Course, I got to see whole bunches of dudes trying on a panopoly of suits, shirts, & ties.  There u have it, I must yelp in order to regale you with the use of these words that rarely get play.  Anyways, I talked him into the purchase of snazzy snakeskin shoes that are sharp & scintillating.  Tailoring is quick, they can rush it if need be.  I saw a big shouldered guy who was conversant about the deconstruction & recon of a suit for his wideness.
5	The first sign that I had made the right choice was when Jay met us at the door.  My wife had called before we went and spoken to him.  Jay and Fahim proceeded to walk me through several fantastic choices, making the whole process smooth and (no pun intended) seamless.  The whole staff was warm and welcoming, and even the owner came out and made me feel like my visit was the most important part of their day.  I am not only sold on the suits I bought, but Mastroianni Fashions in total. If I get the job I'm interviewing for tomorrow, I know that a large part of it is the fantasticly chosen and tailored suit and the amazingly positive experience I had.  Fingers crossed!
5	I had been to so many stores and couldn't find anything until I went to Mastriannis. Taso helped me find exactly what I was looking for. I got 6 shirts for $30 each and some dress shoes for $150. For the same quality I would have paid much more somewhere else. If only I lived in Vegas I would shop there all the time.
5	Italian made suits, 3 for $499, includes socks and ties. Go see Sami!
1	Came here one time, the pushy salesmen tried to push me into buying a suit when I was looking for a coat... first of all he insulted me by saying my suit didn't fit when I use my suits tapered to my body. Why try to force me to buy a suit when im looking for a coat.. Last time I ever come in here.
1	The people who shop here have never been to a swap meet. The store is jammed packed with odds and ends. Its dirty and so are the sales help. There is nothing Italian in the store. Read the content labels Debbie. There is nothing wrong with items made in China but be honest don't hide it. However most of these clothes don't have the quality.Unless you want to wear once and throw away, STAY AWAY!!!
1	Wow. This place is horrible. Yeah, the suit deal is a great buy but don't come in here unless you can make the salesman commission. My Dad just wanted a jacket or a vest. After we told him that, his interest in us declined from 100 to -100. He instantly gave us an attitude and basically ignored us. We went right next door to Casual Man XL, were greeted and helped. So, our money was spent there instead. Don't waste your time here.
5	I hated all Men's clothing store till I shopped at Mastroianni. Most of the Men's clothing store, the salesman follow you like a well trained puppy and no matter what you select (I selected a jacket  when I tried on I looked like Chalie Chaplin,) and the salesman said it fit me perfectly. Not at Mastroianni's, they don't bother you till you ask them for help. The variety is amazing and I had to pay ten times more for an Italian suit that I can buy at this place. .They had a store on Paradise Rd. which was their flagship store that was very popular with locals and tourists alike (which they closed and I hear they are opening a brand new store on 3055 West Tompkins-just west of Dean Martin drive and North of Tropicana soon)The store I go to is the one on Decatur and Oakey, and it is not fancy like the Stores in ritzy casinos where the same suits cost $6000, and there are no customers..none. The salesmen are swapping flies and it looks like the British Comedy Sitcom "Are You Being Served." You get arrested for trespass if you don't show two forms of ID when you walk in. I am a Cloth addict and I know every Men's shop in Vegas and this is the ONLY place that satisfies all my needs.
