5	Dear Frank, I hate the Sidekick right now, but you are amazing! Your bright and shining face is comforting when I come in for technical support.  Totally not related to your job, but you rock those snazzy dress shoes! Every time we come into the store even with the most annoying Sidekick problems. Today's mission, buy a phone for my friend's mother.  He knows he's getting some kick ass commission from us lol, so he's more than willing to help. Well at least I think he's getting some kick ass commission.  I hope he is.  I LOVE that he knows how to make an espresso macchiato ...and more excited to know he was a barista. Sexy and talented! ...straying once more from the actual review. This place gets 5 stars because with all the crappy customers they have, this place keeps it's customer service luster. Shine on T-Mobile!
5	Typically it's such a hassle going to any COR (corporate owned retail) mobile store - - the lines, the waiting, and then hopefully you get good service... But I can honestly say that each time I've had to visit this location, the staff has been incredibly awesome, upbeat, and friendly with me! A big "Thank You!" for that!Even my last ordeal, I purchased a phone.... but decided it wasn't for me. The manager (I believe his name is Anthony) was extremely understanding and accepting of the return. Plus I had Mike provide service when I initially purchased that phone -- he rocks!All in all, a great experience here... the staff cares about their customers, they are down to earth, and friendly.
1	Ready, set, disappoint.T-Mobile, with whom I've been a loyal customer with for five years, sent me a used phone that had the previous users information on it.  That is a breach of trust from the previous owner.  To make matters worse, the previous owner had texted and emailed drug deals on the phone.  I ended up turning the phone over to the police so they could retrieve the illegal information off of it.  What was so upsetting is that T-Mobile didn't stand behind their product.  When I discussed the issue with customer service, the employee literally yelled at me on the phone.I ended up returning the phone after the police were done with it, and canceling my service.  T-Mobile actually wanted me to continue to use that phone, and are BILLING me for the service.  I closed the contract, which will cost me $564 to do so.
1	I was a T-Mobile customer for over 3 years, at one time I had 2 seperate phone lines and a data line. My 1st problem occurred when I cancelled the additional line and data line after my car accident in June of 08, they charged me the $249 early termination fee and then charged me 8 more months for the cancelled lines. I HAD to pay each month or face loosing my service and called every month about this over charge to no avail. They finally offered me $10 credit for the $1232 they over charged me. Fast forward to November 10 when I purchased a new HTC HD7 phone. I was told that the phone would eventually be 4g capable but not until an update was released for this phone. They did however charge me $30 a month extra on my bill for a service I was unable to get for 4 months for a total of $120. I escalated this to their corporate office and they did stop the extra charge for one month and low and behold the next month the charge was back. When I called the customer service number, I was told that 4G was "just a name, it did not mean anything." Every 10 minutes theres a tmobile commercial on t.v or the radio blathering on about the nations largest 4G network?  I did not even get a call back from the escalations department, I have not received any of my money back and I would sooner cut off my right arm and beat myself to death with it than do business with these crooks ever again. Not only that, I will tell everyone I meet about how awful this company is and that there customer service is borderline abuse.....The power of one turns into a movement by the simple expression of frustration. As Consumers, WE have the power to make a break a company, I call on all who read this, leave T-Mobile. I went with Sprint and I am so happy with the service and the customer service.
1	I have never and will not be T-Mobile customer.  I was just in the store to see if I can find a hard case for my Samsung Galaxy S2 phone from Sprint.  The reason that I don't like T-Mobile is because their phones are all very expensive and I can get a cheaper phone from Sprint across the street.
4	Went to jump to the Samsung 5s. The friendly young csr helped me through each step. But, the phone was out of stock.  I didn't wanna risk waiting on shipping due to moving from my current address, so she stated she would alert me and my husband when they got the phone at this location. Indeed, she followed through and I got my phone the next day. Love t-mobile!  Great experience!
