4	Crazygood pizza with copious amounts of parmesan cheese around the crust.  It's a bit of a dive bar at first glance, what with peanut shells littering the floor, but the food more than makes up for it.  Highly recommended if you're in/around Gold Canyon or driving through to get to New Mexico.  Kitchen closes at 9pm.
3	Great food.  Pizza, sandwiches.  Worst part is the smoke.  Since this place is in Pinal County, there is not a smoking law.  It's a great stop on the way to or from the Ren Fest.
4	I did not notice any smoke (see other reviews). Possibly because it was lunch on a weekday.  I love a restaurant where you can toss peanut shells on the floor.  Fun!  Very small place - one room. Six or seven tables, a few booths, a pool table, a bar and a few TVs including a big screen - all in the same room. Unique atmosphere, friendly service, very good pizza and fresh peanuts (that you can throw on the floor). I'd return.
3	I stop at the restaurant where you can toss peanut shells on the floor.  I had the roast beef dip which was very good with a little bit of bit to it. The Place- Is very small place - one room. Six or seven tables, a few booths, a pool table, a bar and a few TVs including a big screen - all in the same room. Unique atmosphere, decent service, and fresh peanuts (that you can throw on the floor). I will stop to try the pizza later at another visit.This place could use a few more TV's and "special"BTW --This is not CCW-friendly Eateries -No GUNS Sign are posted
3	Went there last night for the pizza, and it was not bad at all not quite east coast pizza but for the east valley I would have to rate it as one of the best ones I had so far. The only thing for the pizza is work on the sauce a little with some spicesThe place had a family atmosphere last night a mix of families and girls night out, etc.It's worth a trip to Gold Canyon if you live in the area.
4	Pizza has to be one of the most loved foods around the world. After all, it's a meal you can eat with one hand, fold, pull the cheese off, and add nearly any food to it and it's still delicious. You really can't go wrong with pizza. There are several different levels of pizza, and I'll share my categories with you in order from lowest to highest quality:1. Cheap college student pizza - 2. Delivery brands - Papa John's, Pizza Hut, Domino's, etc.3. Restaurant Pizza - NYPD, Oreganos, etc.4. Specialty Pizza - Grimaldi's, Picazzo's, etc.5. Gourmet - Pizzeria Bianco, Cibo, etc.Now that we have that out of the way, I'll rank The Garage. It's a combination of 1 and 3, and I love every bite of it. The flavors are solid, the crust is pretty good, it's a bit greasy (which has it's place in the pizza lover's arsenal), and the toppings are yummy. I love stopping by the Garage anytime I'm coming home from hunting, hiking or shooting out in the Superstitions or Florence - stopping in when I'm out that way is a tradition! I adore The Garage. Plus, it speaks to my rural roots.
1	Close about a year ago!
