3	A-OK.Shopping at a thrift store is definitely not beyond me.  In fact, it makes the penny-pincher in me very happy.  I'm occasionally surprised what I can find, but that has a lot more to due with luck.  It takes a little effort to visit at least occasionally to come across anything worth having.  Probably the best use of Goodwills are finding that awful costume for whatever themed party you're going to later.  Someone's trash is someone else's treasure.This particular Goodwill is about mid-sized compared to others, so their selection varies accordingly.  I'd call this one only somewhat organized, but one really can't ask for more considering the merchandise they deal in.  It is fairly clean, but note that I didn't gander at their bathrooms or changing rooms.  I was also grateful that they're located in a convenient location.So amongst my junk mail, I found a $5 coupon to this Goodwill.  What was awesome was that their was no minimum purchase associated with it, but there was no cash value if the purchase was less than $5.  I called it an excuse to go visit, and I guess I brought my luck along with the coupon this time.  After thoroughly perusing the whole shop, I came across my mark: a cherry-wood cigar box.  The exterior had some less than desirable scratches, but nothing major.  The cedar inside, on the other hand, was near pristine, and it still had a functioning hygrometer -- all for $15.  Now here comes the moral of the story: always haggle.  I made the innocent question at the counter if the price could be brought down any.  The lady said it was a recent addition item (they know via price-sticker color-coding), so they tend not to.  Yet she rang it up for $10 anyway.  I then presented my coupon, and she didn't give me even one bit of hassle for what I was doing.  Just the opposite in fact; she was quite courteous.  Cost me $5+tax in the end.  She didn't have to be that accommodating to me, but she was and I appreciate it.  That's the kind of customer service I remember and draws future visits.
3	I like this location. The store is always clean and they have a super friendly staff. I also love that they have great prices and my daughter loves that she can come in and not spend a ton of money and go home and make new crafts from what she buys. Overall, a great bargin.
3	I stopped here before for the usual 80's costume party shopping, but this time I'm looking to find some items for table decorations. My wedding is coming up, and I'm doing my table settings myself.I didn't find any nice old looking bottles or vases I can paint except for two, but I didn't think paying $8 and $5 for either was in the cards. I did see some really adorable old school oil lamps, but I still haven't gotten a answer back about fire allowed at my venue otherwise, that would have been a jackpot as there were quite a few mini ones. What I did find was music sheets to do some fun paper decorations with! The guy at the front was really pleasant and chatted with me at checkout.It's a smaller Goodwill, but it's always a good stop as the Craig/Rancho area has a cluster of thrift stores. Like all thrifting, it's hit or miss and luck. I appreciate that they keep it fairly neat in here as well.  The prices seems a bit more than Deseret down the street, but some items are not badly priced that it's still worth a stop for me.
