5	Great prices, fast & easy delivery, and good firewood. I was also able to request a large tree stump to use for a crafting project and really appreciated that the field supervisor called me to describe the appearance of a few different types of wood so I could select the best thing for my project.
1	I wish there was 0 stars.  I waited all day for a firewood delivery just to be sent a terse email saying they messed up their load and could not deliver till the following day and I agree. Abby never asked for the gate code and I forgot to offer it but the delivery guy called at 9:00 and I gave him the code and the wood was delivered. Then I get a nasty email balling me out for not giving the code. She stated they started calling at 8:00 which is not true. One phone call at 9:00 no problem. I let her know these facts and she sends another nasty email blaming me.  Surprising that a business owner could have so little customer service understanding.
5	In response to Joe L.  It is only fair to post a poor review if all of the facts are passed along.  You were more than cordial in allowing us to deliver the following day.  We did not mess up our load.  We were loaded for a day of deliveries based on what was ordered and your order was behind three to be delivered.  In the essence of time, we asked if we could deliver the following day and you were more than happy to allow for this.  The delivery men were at the gate for a long time because your code was disconnected.  The delivery men also called you.  I also called you.  We do not 'ask for' gate codes because not evey delivery is in a gated community.  We trust that an owner would pass this pertinent information along to us at the time of an order confirmation.   We make every effort to satisfy our customers and our communication with you was more than adequate.   We spoke a few times and our conversations were very cordial.  Never a mention of your being unhappy.  We apologize for such a bad experience.  This is not what North Scottsdale Firewood is about.
