4	There are always challenges when looking for a bra for a particular dress...well, challenges at least for me.  I'm not so lucky where I can pick up any bra just because it looks pretty.  I have to go through the many hassles of trying them on and trust me, I have spent some quality time in many dressing rooms going through the trials and tribulations of bra shopping.One of my friends referred me to Frederick's since she seems to have a lot of luck here.  Unfortunately for me, Frederick's has never been really that accessible to me.  Just my luck that I was at Fashion Show Mall and I remember there being a Frederick's here.I asked one of the sales associates for some assistance and she helped me out.  She measured me and pointed me out in the right direction.  I grabbed a few and brought them into the dressing room.  I was a bit entertained listening to the gentlemen outside as they complimented their 'dates' on their choices and told them to wear it out of the store.  "Don't take it off, just leave it on and I'll pay for it."  (The BF and I were amused as I think they were either strippers, escorts, or wanna-bes.)  The sales associate checked on how I was doing and warned me about the excessive company right outside my door should I open it and let her in.  She took a look and gave me the thumbs up.  It looked good to her.  I went to pay for my purchase and appreciated the personal attention she was able to give me despite the chaos going on with the rowdy customers too.  I left a happy customer and the bra worked fabulously with the dress.  (I think the BF was distracted during the rest of the evening, haha!)It looks like Frederick's has a return customer coming their way!
5	Fredrick's is funny.  It has the reputation of being the 'trashy' lingerie store, but a lot of their stuff ISN'T crotchless or covered in marabou and to find that corset/bra that is the only thing that will work with that special event dress, this is the place in town to go.I don't know what more to say.  If you need support that can't be slippin' down your shoulders you will find it here.  Those little silicone cups that you stick on?  Surprisingly effective.  Their stuff is slightly expensive, but it's well made and lasts forever.  I've had a corset from here for years that is just stunning but also functional.It's just too bad they no longer have the wig wall.
5	Frederick's is no trashier than Vickie's secret; in a lot of ways it is much more organised and tame.  I try to visit one whenever I can because it's extremely difficult for me to find bras that fit properly and I can always find what I need at Frederick's.  The service is great and the prices aren't horrendous for well made undergarments.  I scored a really good strapless for under $30.  The bonus?  Girls with big boobs actually have a fighting chance at getting a pretty matching bra and panty.
2	I thought that this store was going to be better than the stores I have been to in California.
5	*WARNING: DAD, DON'T READ THIS! I KNOW YOU SEE MY YELP PAGE*I think Victoria has some good sales, such as the 5 for $25, but Frederick has fits!  I don't mean outfits (although he has those, too), I mean, his stuff fits way better than Vicky's, to me.  Vicky has a more casual selection, while Fred has more, hmm..."unique" items, such as glamorous bras, flirty panties, curve-loving corsets, date night dresses, trendsetting tops, full-figure flirts, shoes and irresistable, kissable (and edible) body products.For our "Vegas, baby" trip, my girls and I stopped by Fred's place to pick up some show-stoppin' corset-tops that were sssmokin' hot, without being too raunchy (raunchy=bad) in the hundred degree weather.  And for Halloween, I picked up some cute white knee-high stockings with white bows on top for my GENIUS schoolgirl costume (under $10!).Most of their stores have great sales that include what I like to call, "Racks for Racks"; a separate rack of bras with significant markdowns.  Their bras usually run for about $40-$50 each, but they are SO worth it!  They do "magic" even without those water-filled sacs that Vicky places in her bras--not for me, but they are a great "tool" for women who have had a mastectomy or are just looking to increase a cup size, or two.  Abby A. thinks every woman should have at least one set of (naughty and) nice lingerie!
4	Very affordable. Sometimes that isn't a good thing. But a lot of selection and the staff is also very funny. I was walking at a faster pace than my bf and the way he was following me inside the store was almost funny looking. The SA was all "hey girl I think someone is following you!" and I was all OHHH, don't worry about him.
3	Underwear for $1 and bras for $10?!?! Yes, please!**Disclaimer: Only in the sale section, and only if you can locate your correct size.
4	I have never bought a corset before...This was a perfect place to have my first buying experience too!  My husband and I searched all over Las Vegas, anywhere from costume shops to adult shops, in search of a nice corset at a decent price.  We were searching for a costume party so we didn't want to spend a ton of money.  This was our last stop and I'm so happy to say I got 2 corsets for the price of what 1 was going to cost at most of the other places we went to.  There was a sales girl who was very helpful (I think her name was Cameron)...she cinched me up into the corset, and even showed my husband how to tighten or loosen it.  I wore the corset to a costume party and then my husband I went out for the rest of the night.  I got so many compliments!  I felt so fun and flirty in the outfit too!  I've gotten other items from Frederick's....specifically their X-treme pushup bras.  Wonderful!  I love all the colors they come in.  I also like that the bras are smooth so they don't show under whatever I'm wearing.Will definitely be back!
5	Superb service. The manager was friendly, helpful but not pushy about the sale.
5	The Fredericks of Hollywood in the Fashion Show Mall is great! Huge selection, they had every color and every style. I was shopping for lingerie for my wedding and honeymoon and the salesperson was incredibly helpful, but not pushy or annoying at all. They had everything from soft,lacy lingerie to dirty, raunchy lingerie ( I bought and few of each). The prices are very reasonable (lacy teddie ranges from $22-40) and beautiful corset with bra and garter belt $62. The Fredericks of Hollywood in Meadows mall is tiny and the lingerie seems different (cheaper, uglier). I definately recommend this place!
2	Hmmmmm. Another big let down.I have been a loyal FoH custome for years.Both online and even better- at the retail stores.Oh the hours I would spend, picking out and trying on hot Little numbers! Oh and the clearence racks!! Oh how they made my pulse quicken!Well.... Not anymore. I should of known, my last online order was a major disappointment. The quality had gone far downhill ! Many items were cheap.And I don't mean cost. I would of sent most all of it back - but after having to pay shipping, handling and tax,and return shipping,it was not worth it.So I was stoked to go to the store again. Well, that didn't last long.to make a long story short,I only bought 1 item. A garter belt Thingy for 19.99. The staff was nice enough, and the store was clean,But smaller then others I have been too before.I hope this is just a phase. I certainly do.
4	Get your sexy on
4	I needed some new lingerie for a Black Tie & Lingerie Birthday Extravaganza! I looked online for some stuff first and found something and decided to go in. I found the item, but they didn't have my size so I continued to look around. The sales associate who was helping me was very nice and friendly and helpful. She helped me look around for stuff and got me all taken care of. In the end I bought a new sexy sumpthin' sumpthin' and looked fab for the lingerie party that night! HAHAHA.
4	I work at a mainstream lingerie retailer.I have also never been to a Frederick's of Hollywood. There's not really many in my area.I also wear a 30C, which my job pretends doesn't exist.Frederick's of Hollywood had 30C bras for $10 each. Affinitas push-up 30C bras, that is. Affinitas is a good brand. I like Affinitas. The staff isn't pushy here. The lingerie is a little on the trashy side and there's something about the place that screams "We're like, the Wet Seal of lingerie", but I enjoy it. It doesn't try too hard, you know?I was also able to score 8 pairs of panties for $20. yyyaasssss
5	Get More Bang For Your Buck & Your Girlfriend at Frederick's of HollyWood!!!!! Come on Victoria's Secret. Get with the Program!!!
5	What is there not to love about a lingerie store?  The staff is super helpful and the store is well organized.  Love the halloween costumes!   The truth is the quality of lingerie from Fredrick's has greatly improved over recent years and their prices are pretty reasonable for a gift for that special someone or yourself if you prefer.
5	this location is by far the best location the store is clean well maintained and the thing I love the most about this location is how fun the staff is (unlike the location in meadows that is run by 2-3 typical miserable hater desert rats) these girls are awesome! They give opinions, suggestions, and most my dirty little vulgar mouth doesn't get me in trouble here they actually have a sense of humor and realize they aren't working in a Christian book store (also unlike meadows)...I always have fun here and I also find everything that is out of stock everywhere else in this location.  The only thing that I don't like about Fredrick's is that they quit carrying my bra size so I have to order them on-line. They said because its a rare size and it doesn't sell which is weird to me seeing how we are like the stripper and plastic surgery capital I would think my size was common hmmm o well I still love it here!
1	I'm so not happy with their panties.  The elastic in them frays in no time at all.  I buy the t-backs that have lace on the sides.  The ones I buy at Victoria Secret last WAY longer.   Within a few washes, I have little tiny elastic pieces poking out everywhere.  I thought this was maybe a one time thing, so bought more pairs.  Same thing.  Crappy workmanship.  From now on, I'm going with VS.  Oh, and if they had a place where I could email them to complain, I wouldn't be writing here.  I would save Fredericks for play time where you only wear their items for special occasions.
3	The few times that I've been in Vegas I go to FOH, however, these past few years the selection has been a bit of a let down, however, still in comparison to what you can get back home: A lot cheaper and still imaginative. They used to carry more plus sizes and costumes, however, they're turning more into a regular store and less about the fun and kitsch...what made it appealing for me to go to FOH in the first place.
