5	Best deals, most human. Not a lot of talk or coddling with questions, but they take the time when you have a good one. Specializes in higher-end cars/performance stuff, but did a great job on my little sedan. Won't try to fix something halfway. I'm clearly no expert on cars, and I feel comfortable that they are not trying to rip me off, because I always walk out of there with the problem solved for less than worst-case $. Also does body work.
5	I'll never forget the day I thought my "brakes were shot" (the exact words I used to describe my dilemma) as I was driving to work one morning. At every stop light, I would jerk back and forth trying to get a hold of my car and make it brake, but it would slowly creep forward and never come to a complete stop.  Terrified of running into someone's car, I rushed over to Pitstop so that Vitally, the Owner, could check out my car. He was able to see me immediately and took my keys so that he could give it a test spin. Upon returning, he informed me that NOTHING, indeed, was wrong with my brakes. I was like, "What?! No way!" like a total Valley girl. "Umm...you had your floor mats covering your brakes, therefore blocking your feet from having complete access to braking," he explained. LOL!!! Talk about embarrassment! I still laugh about it anytime I'm in for an oil change. Needless to say, he never took advantage of the situation and kindly moved my floor mats down to their proper place.He's the only Mechanic I trust to give me a fair price and fair evaluation. I highly recommend him and his team to fix your car, especially if you're a woman. If you're like me and have zero interest and zero knowledge on auto parts, then Pitstop is a great place to go for peace of mind. They won't screw you over and if it's a super, easy fix, they've been known to take care of it free of charge. I've been going to him for years!
5	1st thing in finding an Auto Repair place is trust. I would trust Pitstop with my Grandma's car.  It's nice to know, when they tell me something, I don't have to get a second opinion. I have been taking all my cars here for 10 years and wouldn't think of going anywhere else!
5	I work with Vitaly every time. He knows foreign cars inside out. I have a factory Honda and was pleased to find out that he can help with repairs of any type, not just performance mods. My entire family has been using Pitstop for over 5 years and he'll be our mechanic for life!
5	I was referred to Vitaly through and friend I think 8 years ago and ever since I have been recommending him. Vitaly is a person you can trust, fare and friendly and that is saying allot when talking about car mechanics. This time I brought my wife's car for a body fix, he also got the detail done as I am getting ready to sale her car. He was going to fix the front "wing" but ended up replacing it for no extra charge. Car looks great. Don't think twice go to Pitstop and talk to Vitaly.
5	PSP recently serviced my Infiniti G35 coupe. Work included clutch replacement, transmission inspection (dealer stated needed replacement), shock replacement, and hoses. The work was performed timely and I saved a bundle over the dealer. Also, Vitaly showed me my used parts and explained why the work was needed. The shop is clean, and they stay busy from referrals. Highest recommendation.
5	The only shop that you can trust,Fast and professional, And thanks G-d that we have people like Vitalik Pinhasov here in Arizona.As a rabbi I recommend this shop to everyone that need.
