1	This bar was terrible. The place was empty & the bartender was still too lazy to get up & take our orders. It was so bad that we had to go to another bar.
1	Terrible bar. Terrible bartender. The place is dirty & the tvs suck.
3	Interesting place to say the least. Crowd was good and lively and the beer was priced fairly. They have a foozball table and a good selection of music.
2	Went there on a Thursday night cause it was right next to the hotel. Lot of college kids which was fine but it was basically all guys . It was crowded and smelled like a skeevy frat house which is basically what it looked like too. Can't complain about $1 beers though.  That made things easier but after about an hour and a half of being in the crowd we decided to venture to other places. It's good for a bit but its not destination that warrants the trip to Montreal.
3	when we first went to Montreal two years ago, we were thinking of going in here for their New Year's Eve. buuuuut...$20 cover charge my ass, so we trudged on and found a place with no cover and $10 pitchers. oh well...however, on the return tour, we swung by and had a good time.it definitely is a renovated house, cause this place is HUGE! several floors, a lot of space, even a back patio drinking area! nothing like outdoor drinking with good music playing - Rob Zombie, Stone Temple Pilots, Iron Maiden, and more.decent selection of beers, and they were inexpensive. definitely reminded me of a frat house so far as layout, with the atmosphere of a dive bar. random sampling of the crowd included- three guys who are apparently in a band called "Shit N Dales". they were dressed as the Blue, Green, and Pink Rangers from "Power Rangers".- they were sitting with a girl who kept yelling out the C-word- there was also a crew of tattooed and pierced punksoverall, not a great spot, but an electronic jukebox, friendly bartenders, several pool tables, and a young, college-age crowd make this a decent place to either start the night or wind it down. can you dig it?
4	picture yourself in montreal, on a first date, everything is going right and it's getting towards the end of the night.  you bring the girl back to your hotel right? no, under those circumstances the madhatter is a perfectly acceptable stop. located on rue cresent it's in the "american" part of the town.  most people in there speak english, they play snoop dog, sublime and other late 90's hits.  it's 2 stories, with a pool table and foosball upstairs as well as outdoor seating.  it gets bumping even on weeknights and pitchers are pretty cheap.it's not the fanciest place and definitely not somewhere you want to start the night.  but if you want to find out if she can kick back, throw down and shoot some pool around rowdy people make this your pit stop before the home stretch.
4	It's been a year since I have been there....but, good times, good times. Sittin' on the rooftop terrace surrounded by chicken wire, getting bopped on the head by beach balls, drinking pitchers, chatting with whoever...makes for a dive-bar, who gives a crap let's get more beer kinda night! Think I am way overdue for another round!
3	I preferred this bar when it used to be at it's original location near de Maissoneuve, but it still hosts a very interesting crown, and the beer is cold... so what more can you ask for.  The place looks like a bit of a dive, but it's a comfortable dive, so if your in for a good student / blue collar kinda night this place will be right up your alley.
3	Madhatter's is a Montreal staple. It's moved around a lot but has never shut down, it doesn't matter whether you still go or not, it is always full.It's in the center of downtown, at the lower end of Crescent street. You can expect a lot of tourist, college, and/or university kids to take up most of the bar. Feels like you're at a frat house at times, who am I kidding... ALL the time. It's rowdy, busy, crammed, but the inexpensive beers make it tolerable if you're up to it. The earlier you go, the better your chances are of getting a table or a place on the bar to sit at. Don't forget to check out the rooftop terrace, which is really nice to hangout at in the summer time when it gets especially hot and stuffy indoors.
4	The price of a pitcher of beer was very fair for the area. Beers in the area can cost anywhere from $6-8 for a single beer. $6 for a micro brew at brewtopia and up to $8 for a bud light at most places elsewhere on Crescent. Their pitchers at this place were $17 for a micro of Richard's White. The atmosphere was very pub-ish. I enjoyed the place and the beer prices.
4	This place has recently turned into our new hang out place! Bartenders are very friendly. 3 shots for $11. $12.50 for pitchers every day (before 11pm i think).Haven't tried the food yet though!
4	I loved this place when I visited Canada (5 years ago...)  Don't know if it's changed because I haven't been back since then, but I loved the rooftop patio, and the dive bar appeal.Also, heard the stupidest pick-up line here. "You can call me T.I, cause you can  have whatever you like".The toilets were weird.  I mean, I'm American, but the flusher thing was a friggin' string.  And they had more graffiti in them than toilet paper.
4	One of my favorite "Go-To" bar. Staff is AMAZINGLY friendly, prices are good, place has this rough aspect but is quite clean in the same time. Clients all seem nice and fresh. Very student friendly! Full on recommendation!Nice rooftop patio and dive bar appeal. Quite decent food. Muy bueno :)
4	Hatters was that bar you went to when you were 16 with a shitty fake ID. Although they're far more stringent on carding now, the crowd is mostly younger except for the regulars and out of towners. I'm still a regular because I pass by to visit the staff for lunch or on "off" nights. Today for example, $8 lunch special for in-house cream of mushroom soup (holy crap it was good) and a steak burger with salad & fries. They also made an epically delicious pulled pork sandwich last time I came for lunch.  All in all, it's definitely a bar for the younger crowd, but a great place to grab lunch or stop by on a dead night
4	Came by here around lunch for a pitcher and some food.What I liked about this place is that they served real pub food. That means cheap, good food with large portions.The bartender was really sweet, she was chatting with three regulars when we came in and approached us as soon as we were seated. I was surprised to see that the menu carried more than your average cheeseburger and fries. The server recommended the Elvis Burger which was a combination of a beef patty with bacon, cheddar cheese, onion rings and peanut butter. I was delighted by the presentation of the burger which was stacked high and appropriately skewered in place. What made it even better was the fact that it came with a big bowl of poutine and a side of coleslaw.The burger was delicious and the poutine was good too, although the gravy was a little sweeter than what I'm accustomed to. The feel of the place is very laid back, it has lots of cool vintage decor and overall felt very much like a classic pub.
5	12.50 pitchers of Molson ex, staff are very friendly and welcoming and really good pub food.
3	Oh Madhatter, you hold so many blurry memories. This is a great dive bar with decent pub food, cheap drinks, and the perfect atmosphere for a sloppy evening. What more could my 18 year old self ask for? I don't remember most of my evenings at Hatters, which at the time seemed like a great thing. It's a solid spot with friendly staff and a dope rooftop patio, definitely worth stopping in for a cold beer and some grub.
