5	Being a native Californian, See's is my candy place of choice. I usually order my candy online and have it delivered, but when I do buy in person, this is the store I head to. The customer service here is great and they often allow you to request which candy you'd prefer as your free sample instead of whatever is on special, which I love.My absolute favorites by the pound are Lemon Truffle, Vanilla Nut Caramel, California Brittle and Butterscotch Kiss. Almond Royale, Chocolate Toffee Bars and Chocolate Lollipops are my favorite boxed candies.  I usually only indulge around the holidays, but I love to get my friends and family these as a special treat all year round.
1	I was with my children at Meadows mall, and decided I wanted to have my favorite chocolate candy which is sold singularly and costs $1.50 and is usually set on the counter and isn't seasonal it's always there.  I asked the employee "SHIRLEY G." if they had any and she said yes and began to open the glass case I said no they are usually individually wrapped and on top of the counter and she said we have NEVER had those.  I said yes you do the only reason I know this is because it's my favorite. She said no no ! I said it's no problem are they discontinued. And she said "MA'AM I just told you we have never had those!" and yelled at me. I leaned forward a little and saw them in a plastic case being dusted or refilled on a back counter. I said those are the candies I'm talking about right there and pointed at them. And she said you didn't say that kind I said yes I did but that's ok I don't want it anymore nevermind and turned to walk away and she said "WELL YOU DON'T HAVE TO BE STUPID ABOUT IT" I just kept walking. I couldn't believe that she number one yelled at me and number two called me stupid infront of my children. I found the corporate office address and will be writing a long letter to them about how disgusted with how I was treated.
4	I've been eating See's candies since the early 1970's.It's more expensive now, than it was back then, but the quality is still as good as ever.I don't know if this store is the closest one to me, but it's the first one that I saw in Las Vegas, and since I'm a creature of habit, I'll keep using them until they do something wrong.I've been there when it's empty and I've been there when there's a long line (like today), and the women that work behind the counter are consistently friendly, patient, and courteous. It's a really tiny shop - the showroom can't be more than a couple of hundred square feet, and then there's the display case, two or three workers, and a couple of cash registers.The storage room in the back has to be two or three times as big as the store itself.The only problem that I've come across in the last few years, is that they run out of a particular candy that I've wanted, and I've had to wait a few days for them to re-stock.It's always been the same candy that they've run-out of, so I don't know why they just don't stock more of it, but at most, it's a minor inconvenience for me.Overall, it's not perfect, but I'm a fan. 4 stars.
2	My husband had gone here for Valentines day chocolate. Sees is the only milk chocolate I like so he knows that's the only candy bar I  would want. I opened my first chocolate bar and took a bite, and it was definetly not the sees milk chocolate I'm use to. I then looked at the chocolate and it didn't look good, had an old taste to it, my husband took a small bite as well and said it tasted like mildew or something, I then opened the other chocolate bar and it was the same way :(The mall isn't exactly close to us and we were out of town for the Vday weekend and didn't have a chance to bring it back to the store.My husband ended up just throwing both of them away but No more wanting sees milk chocolate for awhile, it left a really bad taste in my mouth.
5	LOVE, LOVE, LOVE Sees Candies!!!! I just don't understand why they had to lay off all the employees at the Sahara and Decatur location because every time I go to Sees Candies at the mall, their always packed. Luckily, as I was told by the nice lady at Sees Candies, the Sahara and Decatur location will re-open by September because apparently that particular location is slow during the summer. They should really open up a new location inside the Fashion Show Mall becauae I HATE going to Meadows Mall, it's so ghetto.
5	I love See's Candies. Every time I bite into a piece of their candy it reminds me of childhood. My favorite are the nuts and chews. I need a box right about now...if you haven't tried it, you're missing out!!!
