3	My children attended this school from K through 8th grade.Like the school from my childhood, every child graduates knowing the basics: the 3 "R's": Reading, wRiting, aRithmatic. This is a feeder school for Brophy and Xavier. If you are a boy and you don't play sports, you may not like it here.Many of the teachers are wonderful, but some of them are not. The Principal was voted Woman of the Year and could win this award EVERY year. At what other school in the valley is the principal out in the parking lot every afternoon directing traffic? When I attended school the administration was the principal and the secretary. The Administration at SSJ is the principal, the secretary and an assistant. Catholic school is run on a shoestring, and they do a fantastic job educating the students. Lots of involved parents who are actively involved in supporting the school. I'm going to seem awfully petty and small minded, but I want to convey what I experienced at this school. The first thing you notice when you come here is how many people own a BIG car.. It seems that almost everyone here has an SUV or minivan. Three and four child families are common. There are moms at this school who have a child every five years.  There are the working moms and there are the stay at home moms.  The stay at home moms are very involved in the school.  Many of the moms in my child's class sent their sons to Kindergarten at another school, then had them repeat Kindergarten at SSJ. It's expensive. When I was a child, monthly tuition was $25.00 a month for my sister and $20.00 for me. Monthly tuition for my daughter was $400.00 each month. (I read somewhere that 30% of Catholic school tuition is paid for by grandparents. Catholic school used to be for the middle and lower classes - this is no longer true.)   In order to receive reduced tuition you need to prove that you are a contributing member of any parish, which means you have to document how much money you donate.  How much money I give to the church should be nobody's business but mine. Just like when I was a child and the girl in my class whose dentist father would provide dental accessories to every child in the school would win first prize in the art fair, things are not always done fairly at SSJ. Case in point: two girls whose fathers are dentists received scholarships. One of the recipients told my child that the scholarship didn't even pay for the bus. The one good thing about catholic school today is that the majority of scholarships are awarded by an out of state agency based solely on information provided on an application including tax returns. Parental involvement and influence carry no weight. High income families have almost no chance of receiving a scholarship unless it is awarded by SSJ.
5	Beautiful Cathedral with a wonderful mass! The priest in the evening is a a great little irish guy, very passionate in saying the mass and makes the experience even better...i shot some photos of the church after mass and I've posted them here....an absolutely beautiful cathedral!
5	So pretty and I love that it is apart of a school making the community active and big also they televise and tape mass here pretty cool! i love this church, its beautiful and i look forward to every Sunday mass and novena on Tuesdays for st jude at 6:30. I also am trying to go to confession as well!  if you hate the crowds like me go to the early mass at 7 am on a sun or 4:30 sat. Also weekdays mass at 6:15am and at 9am
