4	We've got loads of Indian takeaways nearer to us than this, but we always go here. It's worth the trip. The food is great, what more do you need to know?Oh all right, the chicken puri is excellent - it's a starter, but if you don't have a huge appetite it's a big enough portion to qualify as a main. I like their lamb Bhuna, spicy enough to have a kick without making your eyes water, and nice tender chunks of lamb.
5	This is one of my favourite restaurants in Edinburgh, the food here really is delicious. I first heard about it when I was in first year and on the last day of living in halls we decided to treat ourselves to some decent food. Ever since, we have always ordered from Shapla to celebrate- birthdays, end of term or any little event good enough to get an excuse to get one!Although the restaurant describes itself as serving Bangladeshi cuisine, you will also find Indian and other Asian dishes being served up here. You can order online via their website and the delivery time was about half an hour, which is pretty good. I have been trying to work my way through their menu and there hasn't been one meal where I had finished it feeling dissatisfied, all the meals are full of flavour and are well portioned to ensure that you are full by the end of them.
5	Best Indian food I've EVER had.This is straight takeaway. You order, you wait, you get your food, you leave. Or you could have it delivered. Whichever you prefer.They give you a ton of food. One dish could feed a family! Inexpensive, flavorful, and well worth the walk to go get it. I tried three different dishes, two different types of rice, two types of nan bread, and the fried bananas. All of it was good, spicy, and chalk full of flavor. All of the Indian food I've had and rated now seem second best. I guess I'll have to go to Edinburgh again to get some.
5	Consistent quality and service. Love in all the details. Big portions. Complex flavour that is made by someone who really understands cooking. I'm vegetarian and they always make me extremely happy. Even going so far as to make special dishes for my fussy 4-year-old. Love me some Shapla.
2	This was such a disappointment.  Firstly, the curry itself was average at best - my tikka massalam was distinctly nippy, much spicier than it ought to have been. Now I'm fine with heat but a lot of people aren't and you don't expect a tikka massalam to be hot. My boyfriend's passanda was so so. It wasn't just the sauce, the chicken was dry too. Just not nice. And, worst of all for a poppadom lover like me, I received fewer than I'd ordered - so I'd been shortchanged.  When I phoned to complain I was fobbed off with the explanation that the kitchen doesn't get told how many poppadoms people have ordered... They said to mention next time and I'll get what I ordered but I won't be ordering again. I actually think I ordered from here a few months ago and the same thing happened then. So much for being one of the best Indian takeaways in Edinburgh.
5	I've ordered from Shapla a few times recently via JustEat.com. Last night my boyfriend and I ordered two curries: chicken pathia and king prawn jalfrezi along with the usual rice and naan accompaniments. Within 35 mins of placing our order it had arrived (and we live about two miles from the place so good on them). The servings are large. The largest for any curry take away I've had in Edinburgh! had the king prawn jalfrezi. It had about seven large prawns in the curry and it was hot (tasty hot). It was so flavourful and not runny and soup like. It was one of the best curries I have had in a while! My boyfriend's pathia curry was loaded with chicken that was fairly tender. It was both sweet and spicy. The only down part was the naan wasn't as warm as I would have preferred but we just stuck it in the oven for a few mins!
