5	Eliseevsky on the corner of Flamingo and Decatur is an interesting place. Compact, warm, and cozy, it resembles a log cabin from the inside. The design is intentional as they've aimed for the look of a traditional Russian eating house. It is pure retro-kitsch, decorated with Russian relics and elements of the simple life from the Motherland. Waitresses are clad in old-fashioned dresses - very cute, but each one of the waitresses looked like they were expecting... Once you step outside, though, you'll be brought back to reality. The name, Eliseevsky comes from a famous store in St Petersburg in Russia.The environment can be disorienting to some... Arriving up to the restaurant is a glass front exterior... you'd be expecting a modern restaurant environment... but you're greeted by a warmly lit, log cabin interior! It's AMAZiNG! The food is relatively inexpensive and usually good. I think they might claim the best borsch in town. Eliseevsky serves up a very solid bowl of borsch for $10.50 - topped by a light bread puff.Before you even start ordering your meal, each member of your party will be presented with a (free) shot of vodka... my daughter, Kathy, received a Cranberry-flavored vodka. I received a HorseRadish Vodka - this vodka was more appropriate for your third or fourth shot, not the first. If I wanted to stay warm the rest of the evening, I would have brought my down parka. Did this reviewer say FREE? Complimentary? Gratis? However you want to term it... it's on the house! Whoo-eeee!I also supplemented my drinking with an order of Kvass - a very mild, fermented, alcoholic beverage made from Rye.For starters...My Mom's Blini with Red Caviar - a plate with the ingredients to make your own Blini (crepe). More French style crepes rather than the Slavic variety consistency.Siberian Pelmeni - Yum, yum, yum.Entree -Gourmet Duck - Duck filet with grilled oranges, apples with a cherry sauce. Very tasty.Chicken Tabaka - Grilled marinated baby chicken with vegetables and garlic sauce.Adding to the ambiance of the dinner was artifacts of Peter the Great along the walls of the restaurant, and a Russian variety shown on two big LCD TVs prerecorded on DVD.Eliseevsky claims to produce Russian favorites that are the best in the United States, and the local food critics here tend to agree. Characteristics of Russian cooking are soups, black bread, pastries, caviar and fish dishes. The ambiance is pleasant, the decor unpretentious but homey and warm, and the service friendly and efficient - although the waitresses tend to be aloof until you warm up to them a bit. The waitresses are the REAL Russian variety with accents and everything... the waitress that waited on us came from the Ukraine. We had a lengthy conversation about the difference between Ukrainian food and Russian food.Less than 10% filled @ 10pm - Customers all Russian.
4	This place is THE SHIT. seriously, no fuckin' around. The eastern bloc waitress was cold as ice but somehow the experience wouldn't have been the same if she was cheery. Plus she loosened up after we joked around w/ her a bit. She started us off with some house-infused vodka, raspberry for my female friend and horseradish for me (ok, horseradish vodka sounds disgusting, and it is definitely strange, but I was intrigued and delighted). We ordered the meat dumplings with sour cream, which were creamy and super delicious. Also the borscht...let me just say the borscht (beet soup) was the BEST i've ever had, and i've had a few borschties in my day. i've never seen it done like this before: served in a crock-type bowl, covered with bread that had been baked over the actual bowl, so that it looked like a giant muffin. i'm guessing they slathered it w/ dough then popped the puppy in the oven at 375. anyway, the waitress, lets call her natasha, cuts it open (so we can access the soup), then we tear off pieces of the doughy goodness to drop down into the steamy pink borscht. UN. BA. FUCKING. LIEVABLE. i'm going back and will try to figure out how i can make my home inside that bowl of borscht.The entrees were decent, not as crazy good as the apps. We had beef stroganoff, which was creamy and a little too rich, but not bad. Also the duck, which was good but the sauce was a bit too sweet. we were too stuffed for desert.i'm coming back soon.
4	Prior to coming to this restaurant, I hadn't eaten any serious russian dishes since leaving Russia back in '94 as a little kid. Needless to say, I may be somewhat biased as this does bring back a lot of nice memories from my childhood. The restaurant looks pretty insignificant from the outside. Inside, the place looks like a fancy log cabin. Its similar to a lot of the summer houses people have back in Russia. At night, they've got what appears to be Russian MTV playing on the flat screen TVs and an older guy that comes out to sing some songs on a small stage. He alternates with another lady. Throw in an occasional accordion and you're pretty much set as far as the entertainment is concerned. Occasionally some of the older guests will get up and start dancing in the open area right in front of the stage. Once things get going, they've got music playing nonstop and the atmosphere is pretty lively. I'd say at least 90% of the customers either are or with a Russian present, so it may be a little weird if you're one of the few loner Americans.I haven't tried everything on the menu but some of the food is pretty rich and I can see how it wouldnt be for everyone. The kabobs and the fried potatoes are pretty straightforward but delicious.  Again, I remember making and eating these as a kid at bbq's in the summer. When you first sit down at the table, the waitress brings out a couple of complimentary shots. Horse radish vodka for the men and cranberry stuff for the women. The horseradish vodka is worth trying if only  to say that you've had it.  This isn't your girlfriends cosmo. Try it. If you hate it don't get it again. If you like it (I did and have had the pleasure of getting plastered off this stuff on several occasions), this is the only place I know where you can order it. Enjoy. Baltica, the Russian beer, is pretty good as well. I've had a hard time finding it in southern california so its always a treat ordering it in Vegas.The only real complaint about this place is that you get typical Russian service. A lot of times it'll be slow as hell or you'll get some older russian lady talking to you with a straight face. Trying to get a smile out of her will be like hammering nails into the wall with your bare hand - Pointless and quite possibly unpleasant. That said, every time i'm in LV I try to make time to visit this place. For the atmosphere if for no other reason. I don't know how authentic everything on the menu is, but I absolutely recommend the place to anyone who wants to try Russian food.
5	Well.  It's a difficult one for me because I'm Russian myself so I may not be very ... how to put it right ... unbiased :)I was planning my birthday and this time I really didn't feel like cooking myself at home, serving, cleaning up afterward and yada yada yada...So this place was pretty much was on a top of my list for a party. Even though it may not be the cheapest (per person banquet cost) it turned out to be probably the best value. We had a huge amount of cold cuts and appetizers, little fondue things, humongous amount of main entree (I placed a special order this time) and then we had an excellent birthday cake.As a bonus we enjoyed young woman playing accordion and then singer who was taking all of our special requests :) Thanks to everyone at Eliseevsky for making it a special night!
5	My favorite place! They serve vodka the horse radish to the guys and it's cranberry flavor for the girls. This is good vodka! But watch out at 4$ a shot you may go overboard(or that's just me!) The place is style of traditional Russian. They play nothing but russian music but it's modern. You may recognize T.A.T.UMy russian sucks so atleast I was able to order the duck. Which is the best ever. It is in a cherry sauce and each bite is better then the last. I've also had the pounded chicken with lemon and herbs. Which was good as well. And they don't skimp on the food. Don't go Mondays! They are closed! On Fridays they have usually music. If you want to see Russians get down then friday is your night.
5	Every time I convince a beautiful Russian woman to go out on a date with me I bring'em here, and we always have a great time.the cusine is actually authentic, and the service is always prompt.  My broken Russian helps a bit I think (I try to pretend that they aren't laughing at me).They serve a really good Borscht with an authentic bread cap, and the Shashlyk is to die for.Get ready to drink as they often shove vodka on you for free.Nasdarovia!!
2	It Seems that Eliseevsky is under new management, While the experience was not bad it does not come anywhere near the previous reviews. First off gone are the Horseradish  / cranberry flavored vodka shots. When I went Eliseevsky no longer had a license to server alcohol. Secondly the menu has been reduced by a fair amount. The menu on the website (which has not as of this posting been updated) speaks of caviar, veal, beef in sweet & sour sauce, Shashlik" (kebab) and many more all of which no longer exists.  I had the chicken Kiev  (butter filled); also sampled the borscht and my friend said the pork soup was good. The food was still good but none of it knocked me off my feet. The atmosphere seems to have remained largely unchanged. Still looks like a log cabin, modern Russian music plays in the background. Our server also performed a selection of Russian titles (not sure if he was lip syncing or not).  The service was a bit slow even with the restaurant being mostly empty. But I attribute that to a loss of the art of dining on my part.  I will probably go back and try another dish or two but buyer beware the price remains at about 12 -16 a dish. I believe this to be a bit steep for what you are getting.
