4	I've been to this place a handful of times to get scrubs for work and they have a great selection! Any color, style, size, and brand-they're more than likely to have them. When I first started shopping here years ago, the sales person was great in helping me pick out what I was looking for and everytime I come in, it's the same stellar service! I can seriously get in and out of here in under 15min thanks to them (well, and me knowing exactly what I want helps too). Check out their website-there's a coupon for 10% off your purchase and they even honor it if you just mention it-you don't need to actually print it off and bring it in! =)
5	I have just finished a large order with Nancy from Scrubs n Scopes where we were replacing the scrubs for our medical office and surgery center.  I stopped by the store randomly to get ideas and thought it would be cheaper to buy on-line.  It wasn't!  Scrubs N Scopes was cheaper (even when I factored in taxes) and provided amazing, top notch service.  Each employee received a bag with their name on it with their ordered sizes.  The whole process was easy and efficient.  I love this store and will not go any where else for service!
5	I was going in for my first set of scrubs and didn't realize there were so many different kinds. When we went in we were immediately welcomed and assisted from beginning to end. They were very kind and very helpful and just really wanted to make sure we found what fit and looked the best. They took away all stress and I left happy. I would definitely recommend them, plus they have a large affordable and a variety of choices.
4	Nice store, reasonable prices.  The staff is really helpful.Will definitely be going back!
5	I looked up the reviews for this place and glad I chose to come here! They had a very wide selection and very helpful staff. Not like too in your face helpful but just nice. They are a little pricey but they have high quality and fashionable scrubs. It is a family owned business and they offer discounts to banner employees! Just ask if your employer is offered a discount there :) overall I'm definitely coming here for future purchases.
