5	AKA the SAUTE-MOUTONS. Those French Canadians are out of their minds with this boat ride. Its a big open jet barge like I've never seen anywhere else in NA. They basically take you out and slam you into Giant Waves in the middle of the ST.L Seaway...who knew there were Giant waves there?!  Anyways its one of the most fun things I can think of. And when they tell you that you will get wet just aniticpate the same experience as jumping in and out of a 6' deep pool. So double rap you valuables with bags they will give you.Its located deep in the Old Port, you basically park near the an old shipping Pier. So just keep asking people where it is. If your American let the Frenchies know when you ask for direction and they will be nicer to you, since they hate english americans less than english Canadians who don't try to speak french.
5	Woah, talk about awesome.  Ever wonder what riding in class five rapids would be like?  Well, go on this.  In no way will you stay dry, but in no way does that take away from the experience.  Incredible and a must for anyone who likes water, boating, rafting, adventure...
5	I had my second trip to Montreal and my second jet boat tour with my family. Both times it was the highlight of the trip. Think twice however about sitting in the front row. Every wave came crashing into your face. My wife thought she injured her neck, and everyone else ended up with lots of water up their nose. A couple of answers to questions we had before we went:They have changing rooms and an area to keep valuables. They offer you pullovers to keep warm, water shoes and  ponchos that are wind breakers. Nothing will keep you from getting wet. On the boat, our row had rubber bags that you could put your glasses in right before you go down the rapids.
5	AMAZING!!!! So much fun. We sat in the front, and we had the time of our lives. It was perfect. The guide on the boat was also super funny and informative on the ride to the rapids. Great experience. However. what really set them apart was the fact that my cousin lost one of her flip flops. When we got back, they gave her a pair of flip flops (for free). It was so nice and unexpected. You can really tell that everyone just wants you to have a greta time.Tips: Do the 10 am ride with the $10 off coupon. Worth it! Wear a bathing suit - you get soaked.Wear the booties they offer you - its easy to lose a flip flop!Thank you so much guys!!!
5	So.. Much.. Fun!!! Don't sit in the front if you don't want to get wet. Like a roller coaster ride on the water. Wear all of the waterproof gear AND wear a swimsuit. Only go when it's warm!
