5	A terriffic store with great, friendly owners.  If you're into board gaming, wargaming, miniature gaming (or just gaming in general, I guess) you probably already know about them, but if you don't, visit!  Really!
4	I have to admit that this is not my favorite game store in the area.  But that would be like choosing a favorite child.  I love them all.The owners of this place are really, really cool.  Pattie (Patty?) seems to be on a first name basis with some of my friends who go there more than I do.  I love all the dice on display, and their selection of miniatures, D&D books and games of the less nerdy variety seems excellent.  When I go to game stores however, my drug of choice is Magic the Gathering.  Game Depot sells decks, booster packs and all that and they even run drafts and tournaments from time to time (although I have never gone yet).  My only complaint about this store is that they don't sell cards individually.  I know it is a logistics nightmare, and not the main focus of their business, but I want cards to dig through!  They also have a large, inviting room for gamers to do their thing.  There has always been room available when my friends and I go to play there, and it's a great environment.  I always love going to the Game Depot.  It really makes me feel good to support entrepreneurs who care so much about their business, clients and community and are so amazingly nice.
5	Game Depot is a small-to-midsized gaming store, selling everything from RPG rulebooks, and dice to board games, and minis. The store is clean, organized and well lit, with tables laid out for gamers to use. The staff are knowledgeable, helpful and decidedly non-creepy.The bathroom is small but clean, a very pleasant change from other gaming stores I've patronized.They don't have a LAN section, so if you're looking for computer-based gaming, I'd recommend Gamer's Inn, another gaming shop in the Valley. They don't sell snacks or drinks, so if you're planning a long session, I'd recommend you bring your own.Their selection of dice, paints and assorted gaming-related gadgets are second to none and I strongly recommended them to other gamers in the Valley.
5	Game Depot has a lot of positive things going on.  The first is that their game room is off to the side.  What this means for non extreme gamers is that you no longer have to feel awkward when you walk in and 100 eyes all look at you for letting the light in and disrupting their game.  This makes the store much more comfortable for people like myself.  We went in just looking for board games.  While their selection isn't huge, they did have some of the hard to find games and had games that have just been released in Europe that no other store has.  That alone makes them awesome.The customer service is great too!  All of the workers were helpful and nice which is a sure way to get me to come back.  Wish they weren't so far away but they are still a totally awesome place.
4	The husband and I have recently gotten more into board gaming so we were looking to expand our collection of 2 player games.  We weren't really sure where to start but we knew we wanted to stay away from the typical mall game stores that have become overrun with calendars.  The husband pulled up a great list online and this was our first stop.  The store is surprisingly large with games on one side and the game room on the other.  It's nice to not feel like you are interrupting a game when you walk in.  The game side is pretty varied, but it felt a little cluttered and unorganized.  Aside from that, they have a pretty impressive collection of games, including a few that have experienced a pretty limited release here in the states.  Overall, a great game place with friendly staff and a wide selection.
5	After yet another visit to Game Depot, I decided they were certainly worthy of the 5th star.  Not only to they carry an impressive array of games to appease all types of gamers, but they have a pretty awesome discount table as well.  Don't be surprised if you find that game you've been wanting for 40% off!  We've tried a couple new games that way and have always come away happy.  I really like this store.  The owner is super helpful and knowledgeable and the games are organized in a logical manner.  Want to try a new game?  Give Game Depot a shot!
5	I adore this gaming store. As a female gamer it can be hard to find a good gaming store that doesn't smell and where all the employees don't stutter and stare at your boobs*coughGamersInncough*.Game Depot is nothing like that. It is the most super awesome game store ever. It is clean, well lit, smells nice, nice bathroom. Ok, so I'm a little obsessed with the ambiance of my game stores.There is also an excellent selection of games and minis and books and toys and everything my geeky little roleplaying heart desires. Patty (the owner) is always willing to help me find something new. She has an amazing ability to not only recall the names of most of her customers but also their gaming preferences.  She is also always willing to order something if they don't have it.I love coming here and I even enjoying playing games in the store. They host a great DnD and I just recommend this place to everyone.
5	Quite simply this is the best gaming store in the Phoenix Valley. Period. It is clean, well-stocked, friendly beyond belief, well located, and constantly running a vast selection of events. The store is owned and operated by a married couple who make it a point to know their customers well and encourage a merry, welcoming environment. Fully a third of the store is dedicated to gaming space where customers can break out games, play in tournaments, or use the store's impressive selection of terrain for miniature wargames.Their selection of RPGs is top-notch, with a focus on all the major titles (D&D, Shadowrun, White Wolf) but also includes many smaller lines and the occasional indie-rpg.For miniature gaming they have an excellent selection of both Games Workshop, Privateer Press, Flames of War, and Reaper miniauters, as well as a variety of historical minis. Boardgames and cardgames are also well represented and the owners are able to provide fair and accurate reviews of nearly every title in the store. They're not afraid to discourage someone from buying a game that isn't what they're looking for (as they've done so for me) and will make a point of remembering who likes which style of games, to help with birthday gift buying.If you're a gamer of any sort, you owe it to yourself and your gaming group to swing by Game Depot.
4	Coming from Los Angeles where the selection is phenomenal wherever you go I must admit I have slightly higher expectations for a gaming store but here's my brutally honest review anyways;Let me preface by saying the owners could not be nicer great people who have been into many hobbies for quite some time.The board game selection is pretty good, not a lot of inventory but very good selections with some harder to find titles.The gaming section is seperate which is great for players who don't want to be bothered every time someone walks in the door, good selection of terrain, and plenty of tables....even the bathroom was clean.Lots of stranger type merchandise, zombie mints, and the like I'm not so much into that but I guess impulse buys must sell really well, as they had more of that than anything else haha.What they stock in regards to Games Workshop related products was not what I would expect from a partner store.  There is a good amount of inventory, but looking for several newer releases, as well as a half a dozen pretty standard sets I could find none of those on the shelves (Although there were a lot of boxes on them).  This also could be dictated by the local market so I don't want to fault them for this it was just different then I am used to.  This is my only real complaint as I prefer to have a good variety of items in stock rather than having to wait.I wish they had a better painting and modeling section with some different selections and different companies but that may be dictated by the market as well.....They have very standard Gaming supplies by all the regulars.The owners were also pretty clear that there is little pick up type gaming, and it is mostly scheduled and tournaments which I dislike quite a bit, I think this is mostly because of their hours, and the clientele / gamers this type of hobby store attracts......as much as I hate to admit it I do miss gaming at GW as the enviorment there was much more inviting.The only other real complaint I had was how much room they had for additional product and how poorly merchandised the store is....again nitpicking but still could use improvement.This is only a few miles form my house and Ill continue to give it a few more tries but this is honestly making me think about building my own table and starting my own group.
5	The standard by which all other game stores are measured in the Valley. Makes the mall stores look silly.Every time I've stopped by - without fail - the owners take time to ask if I'm looking for a recommendation or how they can help me. They obviously love what they do and it shows.Highly recommended for anyone looking for a game a little better than what you'd find at WalMart.
5	Totally rockin game store. Owners are friendly and very customer service oriented. Have owned the store for many years including the time where they were located not too far from the ASU campus. Have a good selection and variety of games and accessories.
2	I think the owners were nice, but when not supervised, the staff was rude, and only interested in talking with friends instead of helping the customer. I don't expect much when it comes to game stores, much like the service at a Chinese restaurant it usually stinks...  But these guys were jerks, and unwilling to assist or even move from their fixed location.    We left the store saying we would never go back.  Their D&D miniature selection is good, so I hope they get better service some day.
4	---sighOh, and no. That sigh is not the preamble of a bad review, as evidenced by the stars I gave it. Please, read on.These are the things I found when I twice went to this place:1) Board games of all kinds2) RPG games of all kinds3) Trading card games4) Miniature games5) Dice of all kinds behind a glass case6) a selection of casual card gamesThere's a section where games that are youth-oriented are kept. The huge gaming room for tabletop games is 1/5 (approx.) size of the store. I saw a plaque dedicating the game room to someone who passed on, a fellow gamer. That, I thought, was awesome.The board games were arranged by publisher and theme. The trading card games or CCGs were behind a counter with the cashier. The RPGs can be opened and looked at, just like it was at a bookstore.The person behind the counter, the owner as I was told by my friend who's a local, was calling people and leaving them messages that the games they reserved are in and will be waiting for them. He seemed nice and some customers engaged him in lively and rather animated conversations.So, you may ask, why the sigh?Because, as an out-of-towner, I wish we had more of these kind of stores back where I'm from. From where I'm from, we have the ff:1) A dedicated game store, but small2) A game store, along with either comics, or other hobbies that include plastic models and fake guns that shoot3) A comic store that sells games, and that limits their inventoryThat's why I sighed. We don't have local game stores that are like this place. So, people of the Metro Phoenix area, rejoice. I am officially jealous, and I normally don't gush about my feelings of envy or jealousy on Yelp.So why 4 and not 5 stars? I'm not from here. So I don't know if this place fully deserves 5 stars yet. I will be back, and I will carrying that last star with me. I hope you understand.Signed..... Alex L.
5	Support this local game store! I visited for the first time based on Yelp! recommendations and was VERY pleasantly surprised. One of the staff came up to me and cordially asked if it was my first time in the store. She was great with asking a few questions about my interests and was extremely knowledgeable about the gaming industry -- seems like she really LOVES working there! :)I told her I like playing Carcassonne and she mentioned that a regular tends to come in on Fridays to play. I may well take a Friday morning off of work from time to time to come play here.It was refreshing to be able to visit a game store that was not stuck inside of one of the "mega-malls" here in PHX. I enjoy those stores just fine, but this one is a gem that is worth your visit and some business!
5	5 Stars cause they deserve it! Dave & Patty are quite possibly the nicest people I have ever meet! Dave is a wealth of RPG knowledge and Patty covers everything else!!!Its a nice place to pick up a game of 40K or other mini games you might like and they have a nice msg board in the store so gamers can find other gamers.You can get a cold soda or water in the store so you dont have to leave all your toys unattended!All in all its a great place to come in and get your gaming fix whatever it is. I wholly recommend Game Depot for all your gaming needs.
5	Ah yes, The Game Depot.  Whenever I walk into a gaming store it brings be back to the good old days when I was a kid playing Dungeons and Dragons.  No, not d20 or version 3.5 or all that newfangled stuff.  I mean the OLD Advanced Dungeons & Dragons with those hard cover books written by Gygax.  Yeah, Greyhawk!  White Plume Mountain!  The Vault of the Drow!  You just killed the gelatinous cube and found 5 platinum pieces!If I continue like this, you are going to have to make a saving throw vs. nostalgia at -2 on the die. . .The days of first edition D&D are long gone, but you can find a lot of the modern D&D here in all its glory, along with many other games using boards, tiles, cards, etc.  There's also dice, metal miniatures, and a HUGE gaming area where up to a few dozen people can sit and play any kind of game they desire.  Plus, they've got enough plastic building and ground models to accommodate ANY kind of history, fantasy, or strategy play.AWESOME gaming store.  While they don't carry the books and modules to make this aging fuddy duddy happy, at least they've got the space to sit down and get rollin'
5	The owners being so personable and really stocking up on what I was purchasing based on a yelp review really deserve the extra star....maybe even another one if it was possible.  Really the only place I go in the valley to purchase gw or specialty type games anymore.....They probably deserved the 5 star off the bat however coming from an area with better selection my opinion was probably jaded....The long and short is buy your stuff here the difference in prices between online is negligible and always lower then the competition (cough cough gamers inn) and it is important to keep gems like this in business.
5	my favorite AZ store to play magic at back in 08.The owners are great and everytime I talked to the staff they where very helpfull with picking out games.oh and I found a cool pick n google of the storehttps://www.google.com/maps?layer=c&z=17&sll=33.395074,-111.910416&cid=-214525751210909062&panoid=M4cIHyP0flEeddnp9OSiCw&cbp=13,264.2293696708325,,0,0&q=game+depot+3136+S+McClintock+Dr+Ste+11+Tempe,+AZ+85282&sa=X&ei=XC_pUJrxGuaGjALIpoG4Cg&ved=0CKABEKAf
2	There are some people who play magic the gathering (and similar games) who also maintain normal social lives, have girlfriends, and even shower regularly. You won't find any of this type of player among the staff of this shop. It's hard for new players to get started in magic because there is a stigma about MTG players being rude, unfriendly, not sociable, and generally smelly. Such is my experience from the staff at the shop. And no wonder people don't want to try playing this game.So let me tell you my story. I've played magic for a long long time (since around urza's saga), but just recently decided to get back into it heavily. A friend of mine and I went to this store to pick up some boosters and whatever, and just check it out because we've heard good things. He is also a brand new player.I think because I was wearing a collared shirt and was freshly shaven, the staff considered me some kind of menace or outsider, and avoided eye contact, no matter how long I stood at the counter ready to buy something, until I finally asked someone directly to help ring me up. I felt like a guy in a ski mask trying to buy cigarettes.We came on a thursday, which was draft night, a format my friend and I were not familiar with at the time. HO-BOY was I sorry I asked for information about how draft works. It was such an effort for the guy at the counter (I think he was the owner) to explain it to me. Like I was asking him to do my taxes. He and his unwashed friends or employees (I couldn't tell who actually worked there) also made a couple snarky comments and giggled at my ignorance. So how the shit are people supposed to learn to play? Don't these people want new opponents? Why must they try and alienate new players? Please, I would like to know.If you work here, keep this in mind. There are people like me who, unlike you, haven't entirely given up on the opposite sex. That doesn't mean I'm not just as much of a nerd on the inside. Just like you, I'm going to go home after this and play 6-8 hours of video games. I'm going to order pizza because I'm too lazy to cook. I'm going to correct others about Star Wars trivia and wish that Firefly never ended. I'm going to explain to reluctant ears what I think Tom Bombadill represents and how I'm also sad he wasn't in the movies. I'm going to stay up all night writing code. So can I play magic too? Holy shit. What a bunch of assholes.
4	I generally shop here for MTG supplies and miscellaneous DnD supplies, mostly dice. The staff has always been very nice and helpful. They will always give me a rundown on the deals they have going on. I called a bit ago see of they had booster box for M14 and they put one to the side for me with a free rare. My only real complaint is their pricing. They sell boxes for $105 and boosters for $3.99. This seems like standard pricing to me, but the store I used to shop at before moving to AZ sold their MTG items at a pretty high discount, though I suspect they were doing some shady business. All and all this is the store I will take my business too and recommend other people do as well.
5	I love this place SO much. If I could, I would find a way to hug the store on a regular basis.The owners are very respectful of their clientele and always ready with a friendly recommendation. My favorite part is how both owners seem to remember that I'm the guy who bought a certain game back in 2011 and did I know that the expansion was just released?I've read reviews here that had negative experiences with people in the store but I refuse to believe that it was either of the owners who gave them a hard time. I've been shopping here for many years and not once have I been made to feel anything other than cared for and valued as a customer.I would encourage anyone looking for a board game or Magic cards or the like to stop by and see why Game Depot is head and shoulders above its competition as a FLGS in the Phoenix metro area.
5	As a shy board game and minis player, there are few options in Phoenix where I can can go somewhere with an excellent selection of both boardgames and minis, and still feel comfortable enough to sit down and play.  The staff at Game Depot is super nice and welcoming, not at all pushy or overbearing, and the selection of games is one of the best in town with choices for many different tastes from party and family games to miniatures and war games, as well as a pretty big RPG section. On the occasions when something wasn't in stock, it was no sweat to get a special order. They are also very willing to set aside a game or a table if you want to come in later that week to pick something up or play. My #1 choice in town.
5	Great selection of board games, RPGs, card games, and miniatures.  The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable.  I've been going there for 10+ years and I will continue to do so.
5	Love this store for the board/tabletop games, as well as the social and gaming events hosted. Store owners have never been anything other then nice for the last 8 yrs I've been shopping there.
5	An outstanding game store! The best in the area, so look no further! Great selection of a variety of games, new and old. Friendly staff. Very clean. Most games are $5-10 more than what you'd find online, but i consider that minimal and often buy here anyway for the convenience and satisfaction of getting the game now! It's also pretty awesome to be able to support a FLGS.
5	I love Game Depot. When I moved to Arizona, I didn't know anyone and I went there to get into Warhammer. I knew nothing about it but, I walked in the door and was met with great customer service, to my right, a group of people playing Warhammer, and in front of me a great variety of games. It was very welcoming and I ended up getting an army and retuning to join their Warhammer tournament that was coming up. Everyone from staff to players were just so welcoming. It's a great place to get your game on! Fair prices, great selection, fantastic staff. Take a dice roll on these guys.
5	Game stores come and go usually run by gamers who are extending their lifestyle into their business lifeGame depot may have started that way back in the day ( I have been going for 20 years) but they are the definition of a well run storeDave and Patty are friendly, helpful, and very professional in assisting in your gaming needs.Mine have ranged from fantasy, sci fi, historical, to family board and card games, and without exception they have what I need or found a way to fulfill it.Very few game stores in the past have I been willing to take my children to for various reasons. Game depot is the exception that proves the rule.Many well behaved children are commonI highly recommend anyone, hard core gamer or casual-looking-for-a-board game crowd, to go and check it out.
