5	Customer service is most important in any business.  Most of the time, if I can solve the problem over the phone, I would not want to drive 10-15 miles away.  However, personal service is so much faster than talking over the phone.I received an unreasonable phone bill awhile ago.  I called and did not get a solution, so I drove to this shop.  Having talked with the lady, she at once understand.  Then she relayed to her manager and the problem solved,I then told my friend who had similar problem, he went there and solved the problem with no delay.I am a very busy person, yet I wanted to take time to write his supervisor a letter to thank them for their help.  If you have problem with your phone bills. go there to see what they can help you. Good luck!
5	I finally gave in and moved from my Verizon Crackberry "worldphone" to an AT&T iPhone. My purchasing experience was very pleasant, considering that I stopped in to the store at a very quiet time - I was the only one there on Sunday afternoon. This gave the salesperson (Courtney) plenty of opportunity to focus on me and my transaction. It took only about 25 minutes, which was pretty good considering that I knew exactly what I wanted. Porting over my number was easy!Parking here can be a small amount of trouble, but if Panera is busy, you can use the lower lot and just climb the steps.
3	I've only been to this location 6 times, 3 times in one day (trying to resolve an issue). I love my iPhone and could not imagine life without it...so I'm a fan of AT&T. I haven't had any issues with dropped calls, but then again I usually stay within the heart of the city.The customer service is good. The first time I was in the guy was friendly. However, later I found that my contract had an error in it. The friendly guy didn't fix something (or at least that was what the new guy said the next time I was in). This last time I went in the person who greeted was friendly and the person that fixed my iPhone was nice...but didn't fix my phone. (Like I mentioned earlier, I had some initial issues with the new iPhone4, but I think they have been resolved.) They called the Apple Store so I could get a replacement phone within minutes. Overall, they offer good service and are helpful when there is an issue.This location is convenient, but not very good parking. Every time I have gone in there hasn't been a long wait. It's a large space and they have some comfortable seating.
4	Besides my husband and brownies, my iPhone is one of the great loves of my life. Since AT&T is currently the only carrier to host service for my precious iPhone, I stopped by my local store to order up the iPhone 4. Now, sometimes mobile carrier stores can vaguely resemble used car dealerships. No, not because they sell used stuff, but because they can just be filled with jargon, slick sales pitches and mile-long contracts. Not so much at this AT&T store. It's purty inside, filled with tons of fun, shiny phones and accessories. The store is impeccably clean and there are some sweet flatscreen TVs near the back of the store that you can oogle while you wait. It's important to note that every employee we worked with was super friendly, helpful and courteous. And dressed so nicely, natch!While the salespeople may lean hard on the iPhone, I was there to order my iPhone 4 anyway no hard pitch needed. Hubs and I worked with Tyler and Malcolm to transfer my old phone to hubs, set up family plan and order my new, shiny iPhone 4. Both of these guys were super patient and helped answer all of my (surely irksome) questions that I had. This AT&T store is sharp and inviting inside and out. Regardless of my occasionally questionable reception, I plan to stick with AT&T...especially if they keep carrying Apple products!
5	Service is always great at this location, it seems like there are always employees close by to lend a helping hand.  I have had two different guys help me, they were cute little scrubbed faces fresh out of college. Awwww, dressed in their little ties and AT&Twear.I have been chomping at the bit for the Windows 7 phone to come out and finally the day has arrived only to find out -it is buy one, get one free, one week after my purchase. What's a girl to do?  AT&T honored this week's special without any rigmarole. I was very impressed.  THANKS for being so darn pleasant, efficient and orange.
4	Disclaimer: This is a review of this particular store and the employee that helped us, not the company or services. Nice greeting as you enter. Didn't take long to get someone to help us. Austin was very patient and helpful! I took my mom there in hopes of advancing her to the 21st Century. I'm happy to say that she left with an iPad and iPhone.Spacious interior, comfy seating facing their three tv screens...zone out and kill time while you wait.If you can hold out, wait to purchase accessories somewhere else. You can find similar products, if not more of a selection, online and cheaper. Sorry, AT&T, I'm sure that you rely on customers to purchase from you...lower your prices or offer discounts. The parking lot is a bit tight and does not allow for a lot of parking spaces. There is a dentist and Panera Bread in the same location...so you may want to not go during the lunch rush.Thanks for the help and the great customer service!
4	Parking here is a chore, but if you can deal with it then you'll get fairly good customer service in this location. Just skip the parking near the store and park in the lower area, it's good exercise and it'll save you the trouble of trying to do a 3 point turn in an extremely tight parking space up top.They get you checked in and helped quite fast here and they really seem to do whatever they can to help you out with whatever you need. Though for iPhone users you are still better off going to the apple store down the street for support. I appreciate that I don't have to listen to all the sales pitches of how I can upgrade my service for only a little more each month or all the new things I can add to my plan here. All in all a pretty solid location for your mobile needs.
5	Impressive Service!    The Guy working here told me All I needed was a new SIM Card and that was all he got for me!  Impressed that he did not try to sell me something (my contract expired 5  years ago) and my phone is more than five years old!  Wow!
2	Came here in search of an iPad cover.  Boyfriend's employer has discount on accessories, figured he would save a few bucks on one that has Bluetooth keyboard. Granted the salesperson was nice enough (and he sure greeted us immediately), bottomline is we couldn't buy an iPad case because we don't have an account with them.  What?! That has to be the dumbest company policy ever.  I gave 2 stars just because it wasn't the salesperson's fault and he provided us decent service.
1	I had recently had a nightmare of a customer service issue with AT&T online.  Seriously, the worst customer service issue of my life.  I went in hoping to resolve the problem, thinking that they are the same company, right?.....well, they couldn't help and were not willing to try to help.  Bad customer service AT&T.
1	As much as I would love to write something nice and positive about ATT, the only thing I can come up with is the very kind and gentle lady, Angela, at the door. I have been waiting 45 mins to purchase a $10 item. When I walked in here, there were seven or eight staff members milling around. I count three now. I really wish I could shop from another company but ATT is the only source for the needed part. Finally being seen by a rep, Brianna was great. Smart, friendly and apologetic. She and Angela need a raise and promotion. I may just hire them myself.  They get five stars, ATT gets none in my book.
1	Terrible service, the employees are slow and non attentive. When my dad and I went into the store we got out onto an electronic list and waited to be helped. Instead of belong the customers ahead of us the employees began to crowd around the phone cases and not even notice the other customers. Then when it came to be our time to be helped the employees seem to not even know what product they had or where to find them and simply didn't search and argued that the online part saying it was in stock was wrong.
1	WOW that's all I can say.. These people are extremely rude,unprofessional, slow and inattentive . I have been with AT&T from the first iPhone,never have I ran into people like this@ this store.. The manager Stephanie is the worst.. How can this place still be open?
1	Check in person was busy when we came in so I went and browsed the phones near him. He checked in a family that came in after ahead of me. Then they bumped my name off the waiting list and when I pointed it out the salesperson was helpful in investigating, but then put me back at the bottom of the list.Obviously it is very frustrating to wait over an hour when I already know what phone I want. This store is run very inefficiently.
