5	I have eaten at Pizza Chicago a few times.  It is a nice new pizza carryout on the corner of Elliot and Rural in Tempe.  The first thing one notices when walking into the place is yellow.  It is very bright and well, yellow.  I have eaten both the pan pizza, my favorite and the thin crust, but only to save my marriage.  I grew up in the Chicago area and pan pizza has been my favorite for many years.  The proprietor of Pizza Chicago is from Elmwood Park Illinois, and a very friendly fellow.  He is trying real hard and it shows.  The first time I ordered there I was out running errands.  I asked them to text me when my pizza was ready.  They did and I was happy.   The pan pizza's Pizza Chicago are delicious.  They are cooked to order so allow at least 45 minutes if you are picking it up, longer for delivery.  The timing is a problem for me.  When I order the pizza the nice order taker says the pizza will be ready in an hour, and it is.  The problem is the pizza has been sitting around for 15 minutes and is beginning to get less hot.  I like to get there when the pizza gets out of the oven, then into the box, into the car and by the time I get home it is still too hot to eat.  This requires beer to cool the pizza and the night is off to a good start.  I would appreciate a more precise pickup time.  The crust is a little different than other pan pizza places in town.  By the way a moment of silence for Unos on Mill street.  Instead of a flaky floury crust they use a something a little grainier maybe corn meal.  Whatever it is I like it.  The sauce is thick and has a distinctive flavor,  lots of spices.  The sausage is good, mushrooms seem fresh, and the onions probably started out crispy but by the time I get them they are infused with the rest of the spices from the sauce and sausage.  Just right.  I'm not a big thin crust pizza kind of guy.  The one we ordered was an ok example of thin crust pizza.  It came in a bag not a box, and they cut it in squares not slices.  It reminded me of all the other pizza places in Chicago, which is a fond memory. Marriage is sometimes about compromise.   I can eat the occasional thin crust pizza, and in return have a happy home.  They have other things on the menu like Caesar, or garden salads and pasta.  My complements tot the photographer.  They look good.  Because they are just getting started you night owls will have to order early, because Pizza Chicago closes early.
3	Having recently fallen in love with Chicago style pizza, I have been trying to find a place around my apartment that serves some good Chicago pies. When I drove past this place and saw the sign, I knew I was going to have to check it out some time.I checked out their website during the football games this weekend and my mouth started watering. I knew what my dinner was going to be and I was still eating lunch. I was in trouble, my stomach wanted the pizza as soon as possible. I ended up waiting a few hours to order. Seeing that the website says the serve spinach, I was a bit excited. Spinach and sausage might be my favorite toppings for a pizza. I order and was told it should be ready in around 40 minutes, though it seemed like he didn't know whether to tell me 40-50 minutes. I game my name and number just like when ordering at all other places. A bit later, I drive over to pick it up. The place isn't much to look at. You walk in and there are BRIGHT yellow tiles covering the wall. The counter is right in front of you with a lamppost on one side of the room and a bench on the other. I tell the cashier my name and that I am here to get my spinach and sausage pizza. She replies, 'The sausage one?' I was then informed that the decided not to serve spinach any more, even though its on the website and in the menu, which I checked while I waited the minute or two for them to finish the pizza. I wasn't really upset, just curious as to why they didn't call. I had given them my number for them to call if anything should happen. I would figure you would call your customer to let them know you don't have a topping he asked for that you let him think you had.I get in my car and drive home with the pleasant smell of pizza filling the air. I get home and immediately dig in. It looks like the perfect Chicago pizza. And it was a very good pizza. The issue is the crust. They use a cornmeal crust and it tastes very different from a normal crust. It was also a much thicker crust than I was expecting. I am not an expert on Chicago style, but I didn't thin the crust was normally half of the pizza. This wasn't a big deal either because it was actually quite tasty and had plenty of cheese, sausage and sauce on it so the crust wasn't overwhelming. It was a delicious pizza. I don't want every pizzeria to switch to this type of crust, but it was nice for a change of pace. They have a good mix of crust, sauce and toppings to really make a complete pie with no one part taking over the pie. I just wish they had given me a call to let me change my order, but I won't hold it against them and will think about them the next time I am looking for a good pie. Not authentic Chicago pie (from what I know) but still ,a darn good one.
4	Fantastic take out spot. A great take out spot for a quick bit of thin crust or call a head and get a great deep dish pizza. It is a rare pizza place that dishes out a deep dish pie, and Pizza Chicago puts together a great sausage, mushroom and onion pie that's thick with sauce and cheese. the crust is a light cornmeal dough that is crisp and moist on the inside. We will definitely be ordering again. The wait of 45 minutes is worth it. I think I might call right now!
3	I've had both the thin crust and deep dish pizza here. Both were really good, but different.The thin crust came in a bag, was cut into squares and stunk to high heaven! That's not a bad thing! It was topped with grated cheeses that took me back to flavors I haven't tasted in 30+ years. That said it is strong and if you're smell sensitive this may not be for you. The sauce was a bit more tomato pasty and a bit heavily basiled for my taste, but it won't stop me from having another one.The deep dish has a nice cornmeal crust filled to the brim with toppings. Mine were not as evenly distributed as I would like. Almost half sausage, half cheese. The sauce is the same a the thin, but more.The crust was very tasty, however the inside of mine was mushy - which took away from some of the enjoyment. Maybe the crust needs cooked a bit before the ingredients are added?The ceasar salad was good, I wish they offered a chicken ceasar.I will definetely need to try this out again.Really good place for a change of pace.
5	Finally a place that has pizza that truly reminds me of not only home, but my actual neighborhood back home...and out here, that is really tough!  No offense Phoenix.Trust me, I'm am always in a constant comparison with food I grew up on.When my thin crust with sausage came out, by the looks alone I could tell that this was true a neighborhood pizza.  Real wisconsin cheese, a really great lightly dusted cornmeal crust, tangy tomato sauce (anyone who puts sweet tomato sauce on a CHICAGO pizza, can throw themselves into my trunk right now because that is not authentic)  and last but not least....The Saseeeeets! (translation-sausage) Sausage is one of the ways test new pizza joints, not only here in AZ, but in Chicago too.  And this guy and his family are notoriously known for their saseeets!  If you give me processed sausage pellets that resemble deer sh!t or sausage that doesn't have a fennel seed in sight....my offer for the trunk definitely still stands. And I will never even look at your 'za again.Sorry "other" chicago pizza places, we have a new king on the hill.  Unfortunately for me, I only work in tempe, because if I lived there or near there I would have this pizza delivered every weekend to satisfy my home styled pizza craving, just like back home.I know times have been better in the Valley, we all feel it, right? But I ask 2 things:Arizonans, you've haven't had a chicago pizza ever or if you are privy to the "chain" game chicago pizzas, give this place some mouth and nose time because this place is real.Chicagoans- if you've haven't been here yet....I've haven't got room in my trunk, but make your way over and enjoy-repeatedly.So please support this take out place (so he can open another location up north where I live).  And plus we need more good mom and pops out here, friggin chains are ruining everything.I can't wait to try the saseets sandwich and the pan pizza (I know for sure that it's worth the wait)Look at the reviews "its all good!"You'll see me there, I'm the one slipping on my puddle of drool.Ciao.
4	Yum...oh yeah free fresh basil too
3	Oh, the snotty Chicago snob in me strikes again!After a much needed reminder for home, I decided to get some pizza. Nothing reminds me of home like a sausage, green pepper, onion and mushroom thin crust pizza. Thin crust does not = super ridiculous NY style thin crust. the good:- points for the "northside" and "southside" signs on the wall. Tell me you're from Chicago? I'll ask you what side. If you tell me anything but "North/south/west - side" and I know you're a burbie. - DELICIOUS sausage- great price! Take that Roselli's! Pizza should not cost more than 20 bucks for a large. the medium:- the crust is ok. It tasted too much like burnt crust. - the sauce was ok. I disagree with the poster who says you can't put a sweet tomato sauce on a chicago pizza (see pete's on montrose, or dino and nicks on pulaski). Now, if it tastes like ketchup, we have a problem. But a tangy sweet-ish sauce is ok. the bad:- salty. Maybe I let it sit too long? Whatever it was, my pizza was SALTY. Saltier than sodom and gomorrah. Good lord, why did they put extra cheese on top? - the owner is from Elmwood Park. I'll forgive you for this based on the sausage. The excellent:- SQUARE PIECES!! Finally, a pizza place in the valley that doesn't cut it into triangles! Overall:I'll be back when I miss home but I won't order the thin crust next time. I'll see how deep their deep dish truly is.
4	Like some of the other yelpers to try this joint, I am a picky Chicago transplant who has been searching for a great Chicago place in the valley.  This place is pretty close.  Their deep dish pizza is worth the wait and you can clearly tell the cheese is the good stuff from Wisconsin.  The sauce is a little greasy, but a good semi-sweet sauce that brings the taste of the windy city to the valley. Their homemade sausage doesn't hurt the situation either, a very good sausage!  We also ordered the thin crust and my family from Chicago also enjoyed that pizza.  I thought the deep dish was excellent and much better than the thin crust.  Give this joint a try for the deep dish with sausage!
4	It simply amazes me when a restaurant chooses the route of "ground up". This means that they make most of the ingredients themselves right there on premises. Let's take Pizza Chicago for instance, they make their own bread, dough, sauce and even hand trim and grind their own house-blended sausage. Why do some go through this much trouble? Think about it, if you have control over most aspects of your product then your actually performing quality control in real time. You know the meat is fresh, you know the bread was just baked; all of this hard work shows intense passion and dedication. Located in what used to be a Hungry Howies, Pizza Chicago is all about take out. There is a table and bench if you'd like to wait for your order but Id suggest calling ahead and just picking up your order. Their deep-dish pizzas take a while to bake as I found out when getting there early and waiting for 20 excruciating minutes for my pie. For the wait I ended up ordering a loaf of their Garlic Bread ($1.50), but be careful, one slice of that airy butter and garlicky laden loaf will lead into another, and another. Remember, save room for the main event!What's pizza without Chicken Wings ($8.99 for 14)? Or any meal for that matter! Served with your list of usual suspects, ranch dressing and celery sticks, these chicken flappers were nice and sloppy with plenty of BBQ sauce and honey to satisfy any savory sweet cravings you might have.Pizza Chicago is known for their pan pizza but they also make a killer Thin Crust Pizza ($16.99 plus $1.75 each topping). Cut into squares, the Chicago way, the pizza was so light a hefty eater could devour the entire pie in one sitting. Don't look at me like that; I didn't eat the whole thing, I swear!I can't go on enough about PC's Original Pan-Style Pizza ($13.99 plus $2 each topping) but I will anyway. Over 2" thick and completely filled with gooey mozzarella cheese, fresh tomato sauce and their house made sausage, it was a sight to behold. The first thing you taste is the cornmeal crust, so buttery and flavorful with a crunchy exterior that melds into a soft pillowy interior. The mozzarella in all of its stringy delight has that slight saltiness that meshes with the meaty flavors of the sausage. At the end is the big bright finish with the acid from the tomato sauce that just cuts right through the richness of the pizza. This was a sublime moment for me. It's no surprise when I mention that they also make their own cookies for dessert. I ended up ordering the Peanut Butter and Chocolate Cookie ($3.50), which wasn't as big as I was thinking for the price though it was a top-notch cookie. They bake them fresh to order so when I got it home it was still warm and gooey and it paired well with a tall glass of milk.When the taste for deep-dish pizza strikes, know that the folks behind Pizza Chicago do it right, from the ground up.
2	Got delivery from here a couple weeks ago. My brother-in-law wanted Chicago style deep dish pizza and so I yelped it and picked this place since they had good reviews and offered delivery in our area. I have to say I was pretty disappointed. First of all they took an hour and 40 minutes to deliver... I was warned on the phone that deep dish pizzas take longer to cook and so it could be up to an hour. But I really did not expect it to take that long (the place is only about a 5 min drive from my house). First of all, I am definitely not a deep-dish pizza connoisseur so I can't verify how authentic it is. I have never been to Chicago and the only "deep-dish" I can remember eating was at Uno's. But I have to say that I did not enjoy this pizza much. The crust was very dense and grainy. Really, it tasted like a very heavy cornbread. Not at all what I think a pizza crust should taste like. We also ordered hot wings and they had WAY too much breading and not enough sauce. They were basically small pieces of fried chicken. It could be that their food is just not to my taste so if you are into deep-dish then you need to try it for yourself. But definitely don't do delivery - it is not worth the wait and extra charge.
4	Well, they nailed it. This has to be the best Chicago-style deep dish I've had in the valley. From their sauce to their dough to their sausage, everything was done perfectly. Their sausage and mushroom pan pizza didn't make me feel like I ordered pizza from a place trying to mimic pizza from back East, it just reminded me of home, straight up. The flavors and texture of the pie were almost identical to those back in Chi. My one and only complaint is the pricing. I think there should be a 12 inch pie for the current cost of the 10 inch, and then the prices should scale down from there. But considering that the pizza was authentic in every sense of the word (and because no other place in Phoenix makes Chicago-style this well), my minor complaint is kind of moot. One 10 inch pizza fed three hungry guys, by the way.If you have yet to try Chicago-style pizza, or if you want a taste from back home, Pizza Chicago is on top of it. I wish there was a location in Central Phoenix (where I live) because it was that flippin' fantastic. I'm excited to try their thin crust the next time I'm around! Expect an updated review!
5	Well I was definitely surprised when eating here. Like many from Chicago, it is hard to find a good quality pizza. I called ahead and told me it would be ready in 15-20 minutes. Surprising, when I got there it was ready. I told them I was going to eat it there since they had a high top, the only one in there ( I think). I sat and enjoyed the best pizza I have had in Arizona to date. It was a thin crust, with cheese, onions, peppers, sausage and I forgot what else because when I finally looked down, it was gone. The owner was in the day I was there and what a nice guy. I love supporting small business as this guy is working hard and is of good quality. We talked for a good 15 minutes, I always like talking to people, especially if I am spending my money, I want to find out what makes them tick and if they are good quality people. I will definitely be back. Side note, the deep dish looks amazing, just by the pictures. I did read it takes about 10 minutes to prepare and 45 to cook, so I will order in advance. Thanks again and Great Job!!!!
5	This pizza is delicious and unique.  I have never had a corn bread crust for a deep dish, a must try. But *disclaimer* it does take 45 minutes to cook and the pizza is take out only.  Soooo.....if you're in the mood for a slightly less high maintenance pizza, the thin crust is also great.  Ask for the crust a little less crispy if you have kiddo's, as this is a big hit with my own children.  BUT,  my absolute favorite under the pizza Chicago roof is their garlic crisps, which ironically aren't crispy at all but more like pizza dough with delicious garlic and Parmesan cheese topping.
2	Pizza was not as authentic Chicago pizza as I thought it would be. Wasn't very flavorful. The sausage was ehhh and the pizza crust could have been cooked a little longer. It's okay if you are not a huge pizza fanatic like me but if you are then I would pass on this place.
2	I decided to give this place another try since the owner really seems to care about his business and I respect that very much.  A couple of months ago my hubby and I ordered a deep dish pizza with sausage and peppers.  This time the pizza arrived in about an hour and 10 minutes which is fine since apparently authentic deep dish takes an hour to prepare (this is also a huge improvement since the first time we ordered from them it took close to two hours).  However, the pizza arrived in a really messy condition (see picture) as if they had thrown it in the box and raced it over while the pizza box slid around on the floor of the car.  We went ahead and ate it anyway and even though my husband thought it was OK, I really didn't care for it.  I just don't want my pizza to taste like corn bread.  But I am certainly not an expert on Chicago style pizza since I have never even been there so it is probably just not my taste.I wasn't sure whether or not I should write an update since my opinion of their deep dish hadn't really changed.  Then I decided to give their thin crust a try.  I tried one a few weeks ago and I did not care for it either.  Something about the taste of the cheese just didn't really appeal to me.  I don't think it was pure mozzarella.  And I had the same experience with the long delivery time.  The person who took my order on the phone quoted me 15-20 minutes.  I even challenged her about it since that didn't sound realistic to me.  But she assured me that even though the deep dish pizzas took an hour, the thin crust pizza's cooked "really fast".  About 45 minutes later, the pizza arrived.  Again, even though I can get Pizza Hut in half the time, I certainly don't expect good quality hand made food to be done just as fast.  My issue is not with the amount of time but the fact that the employee didn't set the right expectation.I have also tried a couple of their salads.  The caesar is good but nothing exciting.  The mini caprese was very cute (see pic) but also was something I could have easily made myself at home.  I have also tried the cheese ravioli which was pretty good.  You can totally tell that the pasta is hand made and assembled and cooked with love.  However the sauce was pretty bland.  I didn't get any depth of flavor, not even some herbs and spices.  It really was just cooked down tomatoes.I may possibly order food from here in the future since sometimes it is just hard to resist the convenience of delivery.  However, for home style Italian like rustic pizzas and homemade pasta I will continue to go to Vincitorio's just down the street.  They have an awesome dining area and also do curbside pick-up.  For more upscale and modern Italian my favorite is still Caffe Boa in Ahwatukee.  Both those places have prices that are about the same or less than Pizza Chicago.  So, that is why I am leaving my rating a two.  Because, " Meh. I've experienced better."
5	I eat here all the time, since it's right by my house and their food is amazing. They're always really friendly and helpful, and the manager, Sam even remembers the little things like the fact that we need extra sides of ranch, because my kids won't eat anything without it. Their deep dish pizza is probably as close to Chicago as you can get in Phoenix, where people will slap the name "Chicago style" on anything just to sell food. I love this place, I tell my friends about it all the time, and will probably continue spending way too much money and precious calorie intake on their food, because it's just too damn good. And who doesn't love a neighborhood pizza joint where they GET TO KNOW YOU, and treat you like family?!
3	My kids raved about this pizza, but I thought it was just so-so. We were starving and didn't want to wait an hour for deep dish, so we ordered the thin crust and picked it up within 15 minutes. Giving 3 stars since the kiddos enjoyed & we'll probably be back for more.
2	First of all, judging outside this place seemed to be great because it was packed, but what do you expect in a college community? Secondly, the website is a wreck!!! The website almost looked like fake food as if they had no pride in their own dinning style and coupons available on the website??? Not a good sign. Now for the dinning experience. The atmosphere was loud, but I like busy places and eating at popular restaurants. The deep dish pizza took a little too long, but 45 minutes is acceptable if you want quality deep dish pizza. Service was good and the restaurant was clean for being busy. Once the pizza arrived, I smelled cornmeal which was a good sign. Unfortunately, The crust was crunchy but the temperature and dough was off because the flavor was limited to a smoked dough. I would have liked to taste more of the cornmeal flavor in the crust.  The sauce was horrible!! no indication of italian seasonings in the sauce such as basil, rosemary, parsley, or garlic. I felt robbed. Not only was the sauce bland, but the cheese was something one would buy from a Grocery market! no flavor!! If I were to say anything positive it would be that the best part about pizza chicago was the crust, but my favorite all time chicago style close to the west coast is "LITTLE STAR PIZZZA" in California, also known as  "Kiley's Pizza" in Seattle. The owner should consider going to Little Star Pizza in California to see what and how he needs for improving his restaurant. If this is just a business to him, then I understand because college kids would eat anything. I love pizza and I know that Arizona is dying to have a decent authentic style pizza place. In my opinion, The best chicago style pizza in Chicago is Genos East and Lou Malnatis. You can't expect a college town pizza place to live up to the authenticating standards of cultural food. Nice try Pizza Chicago, but unimpressed this time.
5	After Vito was such a dissapointment, my search for deep dish continued....AND yesterday, I found this place! I DONT HAVE TO SEARCH ANYMORE!!I got their small 8" deep dish with extra sauce, extra cheese, and garlic...and when I went and picked it up, it smelled like heaven in my car! I was so ecstatic to try it but was praying for it to be semi-good....But...IT WAS FREAKING DELICIOUS!!!! it tasted IDENTICAL to the deep dish in Chicago! I literally was having a "FOODGASM". Im getting all giddy just thinking about it!I paid nearly $16 for a personal deep dish, but it was worth it. The location is eh and theres no seating. So its either pick up or delivery. CHICAGO PIZZA IN ARIZONA!?  whowouldathunkit?
5	Unlike the other reviewers, I don't care about the lack of seating. They have the BEST pizza around! You will not regret it!
4	We stopped by here for a pizza to go and saw they had a special on their menu. I cannot remember exactly what the special entailed but unfortunately, they messed up our order. Nonetheless, I'm giving them four stars because they apologized and comped us additional toppings. It took quiet a while for the pizzas to come out -  or maybe it seemed like forever because we were hungry and it smelled amazing in there. The two pizzas we ordered eventually came out and oh boy, they tasted amazing. We were a little in a hurry to go somewhere so we ended up eating half of it in the car - It just smelled way too good to wait any longer.
1	My husband loves the deep dish and we always get a regular cheese pizza for the kids.  The deep dish did not disappoint but the cheese pizza was so overcooked.  It was brown on top and had a black crust.  I cannot believe any self-respecting pizzeria would allow that to go out the door.  I wish I could show you what it looked like.  We had to through it away - $15.00 into the trash.  I doubt we will return.
1	When it first opened we were hooked!  Owner was there to talk to, great pizza and salads as well as great specials. We have gone back twice, recently, and have been greatly disappointed. Way too much sauce on a very nontraditional frozen pizza like crust. Today the cheese was burnt and the order was wrong. When I called to inquire a very smart mouthed young girl told me to "bring the pizza back" so "I can see that there was no sausage on any of the pizza". The manager refused to speak to me, she was busy making pizza. The sassy young girl finally said, bring back a plain cheese and I will get a sausage in about an hour! No "I'm sorry, what I can I do to make this right", just teenage back talk. I asked if they could deliver the pizza, being one block away, and she said, "then you shouldn't have any problem bringing it back to us" Wow was service. Don't bother with this place. The owner obviously doesn't care about his investment. He didn't return my last call and probably won't this one either. Sorry I spent the $58.00 pm 3 large "chicago" pizzas.
1	I've order from here in the past, and while their pizza is pretty good for Chicago style in Arizona, their service leaves much to be desired.They never seem to open at their posted hours, and if you call a few minutes before their 8pm cut-off for making pizza, they're more interested in going home than taking your order.What an odd and annoying conversation I had when I called in at 7:50 and they told me they stop taking orders at 8pm. When I pointed this out, they literally said "too bad, we're not doing it." When asked to speak with the owner or manager, they said "He's not going to do it either." (click!)Thanks Amanda, you really know how to treat customers who have given your their business in the past.
4	I am from Chicago and this pizza is pretty good.  I like the thin crust. We usually just get cheese and sausage. The staff is very friendly.   I would suggest u give this place a try.
5	Not just A pizza . A work of art . Creation all its own . Honor and A privilege to dine here . Special thanks.  Great location too.
