5	Do you like seafood? SEE FOOD! No, but seriously. If you love fresh fish but you're not in the mood for trout, blue gill, and other local freshwater species, Seafood Center is where it's at. Located in an unassuming strip mall (like so many other gems in Madison), I was greeted by friendly employees and two display cases bursting with clams, salmon, wahoo, mussels, crab, shrimp, and even some Dabob oysters! I nabbed some wild Alaskan halibut for only $16.99 a pound--sometimes this is a steal even in my hometown of Seattle.I perused the "to-go" menu of various fried treats and chatted with the owner. Upon hearing that I was new to town, he said he wanted to do for me what someone did for him when he first moved to Madison. He wrote down a list of a few hidden gems--specialty food stores--that I should check out. Score! All in all, in the land-locked Midwest, Seafood Center reminds me that it's a small world after all and a taste of home is just a plane ride away (in a refrigerated case of halibut).
5	One of the best seafood markets in Madison, with competitive prices.  The rating is based on available options in the Madison area - this isn't Pike Place or anything.They have both frozen and fresh seafood with a very nice selection.  They carry the standards, like salmon, various whitefish, shrimp, scallops, live and frozen lobster, crab legs, etc., but also have some of the harder to find items like sashimi grade tuna, opa, blue marlin, skate wing, swordfish, prawns, clams, and oysters.  I think they're the only place in Madison that carries Laughing Bird shrimp.Now I can't guarantee that they'll have everything listed there when you go, as they do have somewhat of a rotating inventory based on availability and fishing seasons, but I've always been able to special order something if they didn't have it.Monday through Saturday, they also have carry out, if you're looking for some fried catfish, or shrimp, or cod, or calamari - that kind of thing - check out their website for a menu: http://www.madseafood.com/Carryout.nxg    They also have smoked fish available.  There is no seating, pick up only.There's other seafood-related sundries there too, like marinades, sauces, breading, spices, and sides if you need ideas on preparing the main dish.The staff is very knowledgeable, and can help you with recipe, cooking, and pairing questions.  They'll also skin the fish for you too if you ask.They have an Old Sauk road location (which I think has some tables if you're looking to eat there) and a satellite in the Willy St. Co-op, but I prefer the Whitney Way store - if only for familiarity's sake.
5	Go there for the Fish n Chips! Yeah, I know, they have have fresh seafood and all that but I go there for the fried kind. Depending on what type of fish you get it will run you $6-$7 and you get some nicely cooked fish, chips, coleslaw and tartar.  Very consistent with the food and nice employee's to boot. They only do take-out and unless things have changed they don't do the chips on Sunday, They also have a tank full of lobsters to entertain you while they cook your order!
5	The best place to get good seafood in Madison.  The staff here (and their other locations) has always been very friendly and knowledgeable.  We go here for fresh oysters and sushi-grade fish among other things.  They also have a good carry out menu with mostly fried seafood.  Fish fry is good and the fried scallops and other shellfish are cooked perfectly.  Never chewy.The first time we here was the first time we were making sushi at home and not only did we get great fish, we got a lot of advice about making rolls and a great recipe for a spicy tuna roll.It is expensive, but its madison and until they start pulling tuna out of lake mendota, it will always cost more.
5	I saw this place rated highly on Yelp and had a hankering for some Fish and Chips so I headed on down there.  The place is small but they look to have a lot of great fresh seafood pickings.  My food was ready when I got there.  I wanted lunch and dinner so I got a shrimp fish and chips for lunch and a cod fish and chips for dinner, with a side of pasta salad and some New England clam chowder.  They were out of warm soup but I got the cold and re-heated.Everything was superb, the shrimp was was large and the fish was very crisp and best of all, not greasy at all.  You'd hardly know it was fried in fact as it wasn't the least bit greasy and therefor didn't taste of grease at all (a common problem I've had at some places where I get fish and chips, greasiness=queasiness).  Fries were simply delicious, I usually throw some away as I'm not real big on french fries but none of these saw the trash can. The pasta salad was amazing and the soup was fantastic as well.  They also had a big basket of lemons of which I bought for desert (I love to eat raw lemons) and they were quite tasty too.All in all it was about $30 for everything.  Not bad at all considering it was top quality and delicious and I got about 3 1/2 meals out of the whole thing.  A fantastic value.  I don't eat seafood like this alot but I'd eat here a ton if I was a Madison resident.  The only con I can think of is I'd like more of the chips (batter-not fries) like Long John Silvers gives you when you get their cheap fish.  Add that and this place would be absolutely perfect.  Remember - carryout only!NOTE: On my pic of the shrimp fish and chips dinner I did eat a piece of the shrimp before I took the pic so take that into consideration as to how much shrimp you actually get with the meal.
5	I stopped here based upon the good reviews and because a local Madison personality buys all his fish from here.   I was not disappointed.Really good prices.   The carry out price is a great deal and the food was excellent on our first order.  Deep fried cod of large proportion, tender, moist, excellent breading and good flavor.   The tartar sauce was quite good and so was the coleslaw.   I also ordered some lobster bisque and one smoked whitefish which I haven't tried yet.Everyone behind the counter was engaged in helping customers and very nice.We will be back.They actually didn't have some fish I was looking for but I might be able to order it so I won't give them a negative for that.  Can I get Chilean Sea Bass or Branzini?  I suspect so.  later folks.
4	We only checked this place out because of the other positive reviews on Yelp, and I'm glad we did...We had the Cod basket and Shrimp basket, both came with tatar/cocktail sauce, fries and coleslaw.  Each were cooked to order, so there was a small wait but again worth it.There is no dining-in, but we were happy eating in our car :)Really reminds me of Hagens Fish market in Chicago (Portage Park)
5	Madison may as well be located in the high desert when it comes to QUALITY seafood... well, actually, that's not true - I've had some of the most amazing sashimi of my entire life while in Joshua Tree, California.  So much for that analogy.But you get my point - Madison consumers don't have many options for fresh, quality fish, nor do we have a ton of knowledgable fish mongers to work with.We do, however, have The Seafood Center!  And, holy catfish (sorry Angie from FTS), are these guys awesome!  I felt like making fish tacos last night, so we fired-up Yelp and found a few recommendations for fresh seafood.  My first choice, "Seafood Center" on Junction Road closed on January 1.  In a panic, I raced over to this location and was relieved to find them open, and very busy.The location is small, but don't let the size deter you - they are packed to the gills with fantastic fish.  There's also a kitchen in the back that offers a variety of deep fried piscine platters, but I was there for the uncooked stuff.A super friendly monger asked if he could assist me with anything.  I told him I was planning to do some grilled fish tacos and was considering Halibut, Tilapia, or Mahi.He immediately offered that they were out of Mahi, and that he only had about half-a-pound of Halibut left.  The Tilapia, while farmed, was fresh and would be "fine" for a taco.  He then suggested I check out the Corvina - it had arrived earlier in the day, was line caught, and would be superb for grilling.  He offered me a smell of the fish - it was completely odorless - the whole shop is odorless, in fact - and that's a good sign when shopping for fish.I took 1.25 pounds of the Corvina - he skinned it for me, wrapped it in plastic, put it on ice, and presented me with the bounty.  I haven't had that kind of experience since I lived in San Francisco and Austin.I will be back!!!  This place is truly incredible, and I hope Madison will continue to support this location.  If you're looking for some awesome seafood, swing through The Seafood Center - it's definitely the real deal.Oh - so how were the tacos?  Amazing!  I marinated the Corvina in lime, cilantro, jalapeno, and a splash of tequila, then grilled it on the Big Green Egg for about 9 minutes or so (at 400F).  Whipped-up some incredible spicy slaw, some black refried beans, and an amazing sauce.  A corn tortilla and a slice of avocado made for a stellar dinner.  None of it would've been possible without the help of The Seafood Center (and Yelp)!
4	I've been here a few times and the food has been wonderful. I've only gotten the deep-fried cod with fries, but it's always delicious with tasty tartar and coleslaw on the side. Only thing keeping me from making this a five-star review is that it's served a little cold - could be hotter from the get-go.
4	great choices for fish. Madison may not be near the coast, but the Seafood Center offers some great fish.
2	The quality of the seafood here is great for the midwest (I'm from the east coast, so I am pretty picky about my fish). So that's not the reason they're getting a two-star review from me. The two-star review is because I ordered three pounds of shrimp for my annual Christmas party about a week before the party happened. They told me it would be no problem. Unfortunately they lost the order. When my husband went to pick it up, it was not ready and he waited over 30 minutes while they scrambled to find three pounds of shrimp.If you're going to put yourself out there as providing catering platters for parties, then make sure you keep your orders straight. I'm not sure what I'll do next year, but I am definitely soured on the Seafood Center.
5	Awesome fish. I always get the catch of the day (variety of fried fish- from tuna to salmon to whitefish). It is phenomenal.  They also have a eide range of cooking supplies that go with seafood dishes. I have never made a bulk order so have not experienced any issues like some of the other reviews.
4	I didn't think this quality of seafood could be found here. I lived on the east coast and have gotten used to fresh seafood. This establishment did not disappoint.We ordered a couple of sandwiches and some seafood for later. I ordered a grilled tuna and my wife ordered fried cod. It came on a nice roll and was cooked perfectly. The fish in both cases was allowed to be the star of the sandwich. Meaning it was not loaded down with sauce covering the flavor. We split an order of fries and they were very good as well. Only draw back, there is only one table with four chairs in the place but than it is not a restaurant.Now, while this is a seafood store it does not have an over powering smell as such. It is clean, the staff was friendly and eager to assist. The seafood items are labeled with type and where it was harvested. It all looked incredible and fresh. We purchased some fresh sea scallops that required nothing more than to be cooked with some salt and pepper. They were sweet and tender and turned out incredible. We also purchased some mahi-mahi, it was very fresh and I would venture a guess that it had not been out of the water for a long time. It smelled very nice both raw and cooked.This is a place we will be returning to often. The only problem will be what to purchase next time.
4	Got the fish and chips - replaced chips with onion rings.Fluffy and finely spiced, fish was definitely tasty. Good batter. Good take away food.
5	I love the seafood center because of the excellent fish fry. The price of the fish fry is about $7 for two pieces of fried cod, French fries, coleslaw and tartar sauce. The price is way cheaper than Culvers and even tastes better.
4	Keeping it simple... i really enjoy the fried cod. The tarter sauce is excellent and it comes with a good helping of fries. You can't go wrong with this place if your craving a crispy fried fish friday (or any other day).
