5	5 star for service, and what can I say ... I'm a sucker for their chicken.  Love the way the nuggets taste, especially with the poly sauce.  They go out of their way to be nice, give fast friendly service...I mean, whats not to love about that?
2	I visit this location regularly and unfortunately I find the attention to detail minimal. Typically I order through the drive thru and usually order the grilled chicken & fruit salad. On three separate trips recently I have returned home to find that while the receipt was correct, I received the grilled chicken garden salad. I have also switched it around and ordered fruit and grilled chicken salad. One time that worked, but most recently I again received the garden salad. Finally I called and complained. How difficult is it? If it is entered correctly, why can't the correct product be pulled? If you go through the drive thru, I highly recommend pulling over and checking the bag before driving home.
5	Can't go wrong with most cfa locations and my local one is no exception. Sign up for their text message promos and you'll never have to pay full price
5	Chick-fil-a is awesome. My kids love the food and the playground. They have family nights on tuesday. They have balloons. The restaurant is always clean and everyone is super friendly. They offer to get you refills and help to clean your table. What fast food place does that? I really like the food here too although my choices are limited because of the vegetarian issue but I usually get a large fruit cup and a side salad and I'm good.
5	One of the few restaurants left that ALWAYS has 5 star service. Only hires employees that are competent, well mannered, and friendly. If this restaurant were twice the price we would still eat here.
5	Why rate a drive thru? Because they always get my order right, they are always super nice and efficient. Real chicken nuggets and breast, not the creepy McDonald nugget mystery meat. And try a peach shake. Heaven!
4	Its crack chicken, its really really good and you want another sandwich as soon as your done with yours. There is a play area where the kids can go and you can actually talk to your wife or husband. Just make sure the kids wear socks as it gets kinda dirty in there. I know they clean it, but its a high traffic area and it gets dirty.
5	This place is awesome! The staff works hard, they are friendly and I am amazed how often I have watched them out cleaning tables and windows while I have been here.The children's menu is very good. Chicken, fruit, box of Minute Maid apple juice. I couldn't do better myself. And the kid's love the play area which is enclosed so the adults can listen to the awesome classical music while we enjoy our meal.My 6 year old enjoyed listening to the music while we discussed what instruments (cello, flute, violin) he was hearing while I brought up pictures on my iPad. Quite an educational lunch for him!You can't beat this place for "fast food"!!!
5	This service is great at this location!  The manager gave each member of my family a free chick-fil-a sandwich card just because the Restaraunt was a little crowded that day!  Unbelievable!  They definitely earned our future  business.
5	Best chicken in the west.  But this Chic-fil-A is extra clean, tidy, friendly and is committed to serving the community in many ways.  They are partnering with local non profit groups like RE:STORE non profit and www.friendsfeedfriends.org to provide food for homeless.The owner really cares about family and other people.The lemonade is super yummy - and the non menu item "spicy charbroiled chicken," is tasty and has a strong bite - makes my mouth happy.Kids play area is nice - great big store.Pastor Ben CloudAMADEO Church
5	I eat here regularly and let my kids play in the play area. It is great food and I can take a moment to breathe. It is the first place I send parents that are looking for a play place in the summer. The demand for this type of business in this area is so high, I think Chick-fil-a should open another one near Johnson Ranch on Hunt Hwy!
5	Everything in the menu is good. Service is even better! My boyfriend likes it so much that he order chicken strips party tray to take to work for lunch. They sometime do have a little face painting and ballon lady there in the summer. Eat more chicken!
5	I love this Chick-Fil-A!  There is a great selection of food (assuming you like chicken) and it is mostly healthy food, at least compared to other fast food.  This is also a great place for kids, with a good selection of healthy food for kids and a play area.  This is a go-to place for us when we visit family in the Queen Creek area.  I only wish there was a Chick-Fil-A in the Seattle area.
1	Boo! Not a fan of the food at all. Customer service was good & prices were ok.
5	Love the new salads.
5	Me and my daughter's favorite Chik-Fil-A! I am absolutely stunned and very appreciative at the extremely courteous and kind employees at this particular Chik-Fil-A establishment. Been coming here for years and will continue to do so. Food is consistently good, but what keeps us coming back for more is the amazing courtesy of the staff here. Highly recommend.
4	I rarely eat here, but the few times I had to hit up the drive-thru for a few items, I got nothing but great service and friendly smiles.
5	This is the BEST Chick-fil-A store I have visited.  Everyone is friendly and professional especially the owner.
4	Love their salads.  Always clean, fast and friendly.  Only disappointment is that they are not open on Sundays.
5	I've been to this Chick-fil-A many a times, and each time they haven't disappointed in either staff or food. I love their chicken nuggets with buffalo sauce or Polynesian, and they have the best cookies and cream milkshake I've yet to taste. If you have kids, they've got a play place which is always nice for parents. I come here regularly and love everything about this place. It's what I call, "Quality Fast Food." Tip: If you get a kids' meal, you can trade the toy in for a free ice cream in cone instead.
2	Just visited with my 3 year old granddaughter and I have to say this is the dirtiest chick fil a we have ever been to. All the garbage cans were so full trash was falling on the floor. It wasn't just 1 it was ALL of them. trash. No paper towels in the bathroom.  The tables in the dining room were all dirty and not once did any if the staff come out to clean or pick up. When i asked who was in charge it was some 16 yr old kid. If it was my restaurant i would not leave it to a bunch of kids who are more busy talking to each other than what's going in the restaurant. The owner should be ashamed!!
5	This place is awesome! This frazzled mom lost her debit card and they gave me most of my meal for free after I paid the cash I had. Not many places would do that! I will for sure be back often. The food was great and my son loves the play land! Love a place with such great customer service!
3	2 bad visits in a row.  This time my coffee has grounds in it, and the place is a mess. What's happening?
