3	First of all, the dining room is hideous.  No restaurant should have carpet on the floor, it is just disgusting.  The color scheme is awful, but I guess that is what you can expect from a hotel restaurant.  I have heard good things about the pretzel-crusted walleye, and although it is a very expensive dish, I gave it a try.When the salad came I was very afraid that I had wasted my money because it was the boring, traditional iceberg lettuce salad.  I think it came from a bag.  The lettuce was brown and old-tasting and the veggies were boring and tasteless.When the entree came I was pleasantly surprised.  The pretzel crust was crunchy and not as salty as I had feared.  The walleye was delicious and moist and beautifully cooked.The rice side was a little bland, but not terribly so and the veggie side was steamed and lovely.I wish the walleye was served at a more appealing restaurant.
5	Cobb salad was awesome.  Kelly was a sweetheart! Would come back for sure.
5	Bar tender was great. Very friendly. Food was great!!!
4	Agree with the other reviewers.  Very "hotel restaurant" interior, but don't let that turn you off because the food is super yum!I got the shrimp po' boy and holy moly it was big and packed such a punch of flavor.  Shrimp crispy, spicy remoulade extra zingy and hoagie crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.  Love! I'm also a huge fan that the fries are beer battered which spiced up your normal fries on the side thang.  They have a great Yelp check in offer.  Buy one beer get the other free.  Score!
3	I stopped in here for dinner since I was staying at the Radisson which is where this is located. Service was excellent with the bartender being very friendly. Used my yelp check-in offer for a beverage. I agree with the other reviewer that mentioned the use of carpet. It just made the otherwise well-kept restaurant look dingy.I ordered the cobb salad even though the ingredients were not typical: kalamata olives, shaved carrots, and guacamole instead of avacado. Before I go further, the bread that comes out with the meal - according to the waiter - is from an Amish bakery and to die for. Kind of a sweet sourdough roll. Yummm.The salad does come together in a strange sort of way but I could think of ways to improve it. Fortunately, the guac was handmade and not from a tube (which is what I feared) I still would have preferred fresh avacados. Secondly, the lettuce needs more green, so an upgrade from iceberg would be nice: romaine or a mix maybe. Also, beets would be ideal or at least offered as an option.
3	I had the Wisconsin cheese steak and beer battered fries--it was really good!  I loved the onion bun. Atmosphere is typical hotel bar restaurant, but ok. Staff is very friendly and service was prompt.  I'd come back again if I stay in the hotel, but wouldn't seek it out.
4	I visited and saw signs advertising the Friday night fish fry and it looked great. It did not disappoint! I highly recommend it!
5	Try the soup. Service was quick. Food was great. Don't let this "hotel restaurant" fool you. Give it a try
1	I don't want to give a 1 star review, because their food is actually quite good. The one time I've been there service was good. Ambiance is good, Everything is good, except - you never know when they're open. Thier posted hours appear to not be their real hours. Currently they're undergoing renovations, but if you call the number, someone will answer and tell you they're open. It's ridiculous, completely unexcusable. To Basies, post your correct hours, and stop having people answer your phone number (not sure if it's just directed to the hotel or what?) stating that you're open when you're not.
