5	Just opened in the Scottsdale Quarter! Excellent! Don't miss the truffle fries and/or the zucchini fries, plenty to share one order and they are on the happy hour menu! Had the Ahi Tuna salad, great and the Breakfast Burger, swapped out American for Cheddar, it was superb. Great neighborhood find.
5	The Chuck Norris burger is insanely good as are green chili fries. My wife ordered a plain and simple cheeseburger with plain and simple fries and it was plain and simple delicious ! Highly recommend- great service and food cooked perfectly  You gotta hit this place in the Scottsdale Quarter -
2	Underwhelming at best.  I'm really trying to give Fox Restaurants an honest shot, because I really do want a local business to succeed. But sadly there really is just nothing extraordinary about the burgers here.  I wish I would've blown the calories on a double double from In-N-Out.  And you certainly shouldn't come here for the drinks.  Bartenders seem blindsided by pouring beer and wine, and the cocktail list is vodka-fantastic...par for the course in north Scottsdale.I would suggest driving the extra 20 minutes to Delux.
5	Hands down the best burger and fries that we've ever had! We were starving when we came here and Zin Burger definitely delivered! We shared their loaded, truffle, and green chile fries with another couple and each one was incredible! Our favorite was the green Chile and loaded fries because their queso sauce is amazing. Then our server told us about their burger of the week, the Chuck Norris burger, which has won awards. It has Kobe beef, onion rings, applewood smoked bacon, ranch coleslaw, some incredible cheese, mayo, and barbeque sauce. We had to get it and were so glad that we did....this burger was amazing!!! We loved every single thing about this place and cannot wait to go back! You will not be disappointed!
1	The people in charge of opening this place have no clue what they're doing. We came in on Sunday evening. There were several, several tables open both inside and outside but we were quoted a 30 minute wait because the kitchen was backed up. At 45 minutes, still with several tables open, they still weren't sure when they could seat us. It didn't help the receptionists were approx. 15 years old, unprofessional, and clueless. I will be boycotting this place for a while.
1	I was so excited when we saw this first opened in the Quarter. We ate there last night and they had plenty of staff, everyone was very friendly, and the food came quickly. Unfortunately though, that was not enough to compensate for the fact that I got food poisoning and was very ill all night...to the point where I had cancel plans for this evening as well.
2	Meat is fresh but fries are just average at best. Had to ask too many times for condiments. Go to 5 guys if u just want a burger.
5	I'm a huge fan of Fox Restaurant Concepts, and Zinburger is one of my favorites. I've been in twice since they opened in the Quarters. Both experiences were great! I LOVE the zucchini fries and the turkey burger! The salads are always good--perfect balance of ingredients and dressing. Great service. Really friendly staff!
4	REALLY good burger and milkshake! Cold beer with great service at the bar!!!  So glad they are in the Quarter now!
3	Upon entering, one of the waitresses talked me into their burger of the week, The Jalapeno Popper Burger. I was excited to try this with high expectations after trying a similar burger at The Saddle Ranch (now closed). The burger it's self was better than what I've tasted before but didn't meet my complete expectations. For starters, there was barely any jalapenoes on it. I counted four slices, very lightly breaded. When i tasted them, they were duds, no spice to it at all. The cream cheese that was on it was a bit too overkill, taking over the flavor of the entire burger, over powering the flavor of the chipotle mayo. The good part about it is the general foundation of the burger. The meat was tasty, well seasoned, and cooked to my liking (ordered medium well). The bun was nice and fluffy, and complimented the burger well along with the common toppings (lettuce, etc.)Overall, they have a good start but needs a bit of work.
4	I love the Zinburger on Camelback at the Biltmore and am really glad this one at the Scottsdale Quarter opened up. Once again, I had the turkey burger, but this time with a side of the sweet potato fries. I'm a huge fan of turkey over beef; not that I dislike beef. It makes feel satiated and not overstuffed. The sweet potato fries were good. I prefer baked over fried though, but I still recommend them. I love the casual / fine-dining atmosphere. I love how the restaurant feels really opened-up because of the natural light that's allowed in through all the windows and how there aren't any imposing walls to make you feel boxed in. On my first visit, I didn't realize there was outside seating as well. It was a beautiful Sunday afternoon and I really prefer sitting outside. Sure enough on my way out, that's when I see there's an area a few feet removed from the restaurant for Zinburger diners. The surroundings are really nice because it's the Scottsdale Quarter afterall and the water fountain is right beside it.
5	Just had the Farm salad and the prickly pear margarita... Super impressed! Great friendly service, great energy, wonderful food. I will be back!
3	Saturday lunch here at Scottsdale Quarter was very busy. Tons of kids and very noisy atmosphere in the main room. Had the Zinburger.  It was a good size burger and very filling. The carmelized onions are good but wish it had a bit more veggies. Could use some kick, should have asked for some siracha. Wife had the wedge salad which oddly wasn't a typical wedge in the it was chopped up. She enjoyed it so thumbs up there. Everyone raves about the green chili fires so we shared an order. It is basically fries with some chopped green chilies sprinkled over it and some type of sauce on it. Good but not earth shattering. Service was good but overall nothing to bring me back. Perhaps I need to try something different.
2	I rate them so low due to several issues experienced in one visit with service of the kitchen and staff.  The food quality was excellent, however the experience could be attributed to numerous scenarios such as a new restaurant, kitchen, food runners, or servers all culminating in this less than ideal experience.  I do credit the manager with taking steps to correct the experience only after I had to ask for the manager to visit the table a second time.  Let me explain...Lunchtime service there is a zoo.  They're in a great location and they have a good reputation for a quality product.  This was my first visit with a co-worker.  Service took a little longer to visit the table and get our drink order but that's not a major issue for me, since it was busy.  I went with the Zinburger with kobe beef and zucchini fries.  Some of the questions I was getting from the server gave me the impression she was new, and I asked her to confirm that she got the Kobe beef upcharge for my burger.  My dinning buddy ordered a regular burger with truffle fries.The burgers took some time to get out, most likely due to how busy they were.  As we noticed tables around us getting their burgers we figured we were next.  Then the table that sat and ordered after us got their order and I felt a mistake was made. Then the truffle fries were dropped off at our table, with nothing else. The food runner dropped food off at the wrong table and never confirmed the order with the guests.  That was our order.  Shortly after the server came by and realized the issue I had already discovered.  She apologized for the confusion and the manager came by to apologize for the issue as well.Our order was remade and delivered.  My burger was overcooked but it was still delicious.  The quality of product is very good.  My zucchini fries were seasoned and breaded nicely but I would have preferred them a little more crispy on the batter.  I informed the server that my burger wasn't cooked correctly and showed her and she agreed claiming to inform the manager.  I wasn't about to send this burger back because I was teetering on hangryness.Once the check came out they comped my burger, which I noticed didn't contain my upcharge for kobe.  So I ate a non-kobe burger after I specifically asked, and checked that it was included?  Additionally, I was not thrilled that they were insulting me by asking us to pay for the other items.  So I had to request the manager again and after I pointed out the lateness of the food and the incorrect burger and it being overcooked she said she would comp the entire meal.  That was the correct course of action in my opinion however I should have never had to request to speak to the manager a second time. We did leave +20% tip in cash and I hope this proves to be a good learning and training experience for them.I think this will be a great spot for burgers but maybe they still need to figure out their logistics. I still want to try that Kobe burger but may need to wait on a day they won't be busy in a lunch rush and they've worked out their kinks.
5	The burgers are definitely worth every penny! My wife and I went there for lunch today, and we loved everything about the place. My wife had the zin burger which was good, and I had the (insert some amazing name since I forgot) with A1 sauce and bacon which was absolutely to die for. The one thing that I'll go back for is the Double Truffle Fries! They were the BEST!
2	Only because I know the food is good that I give it 2 stars, but otherwise the service is absolutely horrendous.  I won't be coming back, cause the food isn't good enough to excuse the poor service
4	We are big fans of Fox restaurants and Zinburger is no exception. The new location in the Scottsdale Quarter met our expectations as usual. We started out with the fried zucchini with parmesan dipped in ranch. We are fairly health conscious so don't eat a lot of fried foods but these were worth the indulgence. Our entree was the kobe beef burger with manchego cheese and carmelized onion. We agree this burger is the best burger we have had ANYWHERE. It's an extra $5.00 to have it made with american style Kobe beef but soooo worth it. We shared a basket of hand cut fries that were delish. Topped off our meal with a Banana cream pie. Zinburger's desserts are mostly just a nice variety of milkshakes but they offer two types of pies, chocolate and banana. This is not like your momma's banana pie. Fantabulous! We shall return.
4	Good Burgers and Friendly service. Truffle Fries were good. Milkshakes were good.  A bit pricey and make sure you order light sauce if you don't want your burger soggy. Quality of food was good and all tasted good.  Great potential!
5	I'm not sure what the complaints are about. The staff was exceptionally kind during my visit. I think just about every person working came up to me at some point during my meal and asked if everything was okay or if I needed anything. Service-wise, they rank very high.I ordered their truffle fries. Those were spectacular. It's not often you go to a restaurant and rave about the fries, but these fries deserve an applause, as does the sauce that comes with them. Oh, and I also got the Plain and Simple burger. This was good, and it was simple (mustard, mayonnaise, lettuce, tomato), but sometimes simple works just fine. Good Happy Hour, friendly staff, good experience.
3	The food is good. The service is meh. I  came with my older godparents and 2 year old son. They have a great deal in the summer for kids meals at $3 which sounded good but the waitress forgot that drinks were included until I read the fine print and asked her for a drink after we received his cheeseburger. No apology just an "ok". Ok, no biggie. My son didn't like his cheeseburger because he's picky so I stopped the waitress to order something else (grilled cheese) which he also didn't like but that's another story. She said ok but didn't offer to take it off the bill since my son didn't like it... ok no biggie either I guess. I don't mind paying for 2 kids meals it's just usually courtesy to offer to take it off the bill if a customer doesn't like it (even if he is 2). The fries that came with the burger were cold, soft and under salted but 10 minutes later the fries with the grilled cheese were crispy and excellent. Weird. All of our burgers were really good, I will definitely give them that! I ordered the Zinburger which was great and we split the sweet potato fries which were also good. I do not believe a lunch like this is worth a little over $55 after tip but that's just me. The service wasn't bad... just could definitely be better!
5	One of the top burger joints in the valley.  Trendy new location that is in a prime spot. I strongly recommend the Breakfast Burger...bacon, cheese, fried egg , and avocado...freakn amazing. Top it off with a Four Peaks Kiltlifter.
3	I heard about Zinburger from a few friends and thought Id try it out. The waitress was nice and she knew what she was talking about. Their was a lot to choose from on the menu. Especially the shakes & malts. So my friends and I order practically the same thing. Breakfast burger with American cheese & no onions. The food came out fast and it was hot. Keep in mind, if you order a burger it doesn't come with fries. It was just 3 of us and we ordered the sweet potatoes fries which costed $5. To me, that's a lot for fries. It wasn't even a big portion it was just a little. I feel like fries should already be on the plate with the burger. Our water glasses were empty for a good amount of time. So I had to thirst for a while. Once we finished out lunch, it was shake time. My friends got the banana shake and i got a strawberry shake. It was so good! But again it was $5. The shake wasn't overrated to where it needs to be $5. It was a typical shake so I wouldn't be too crazy about it. The bill came out to be about $60 before tip. My table left about a $6 dollar tip and the waitress complained about it. It wasn't a fantastic tip but to me that's acceptable from a table of 3.
5	I'm a sucker for a good burger. Zinburger has never let me down.This was my first time at the north Scottsdale location. Tucker into the Scottsdale quarter right by the splash pad. They have a good amount of outdoor seating which will b nice in the winter...not so much now.We started with a few orders of fries. We had the zucchini fries and the double truffle fries. The zucchini fries are awesome. The truffle fries were tasty but a little greasy. No such thing as a bad fry....For burgers I went with the breakfast burger (I always do). It's back, cheese, a fried egg and avocado. Soooooo good.  Hard not to make a mess while trying to eat it but hey, the price you pay for deliciousness. My wife had the veggie burger which she stated "it's good". I will take her at her word.We were too full to do any desert. Plus it's lunch time.Next time you're craving a good burger, zin won't let you down.
4	Just ate myself into a food coma. Usually I do not go this overboard! The hostesses and server were great. We were seated quickly, had our order taken, and received our food, all in a timely matter.We started out with the hand cut french fries, sweet potato fries, and a Butterfinger milkshake split four ways. I usually do not get things like milkshakes, but 1/4 of one shake was plenty for me! The fries and shake were absolutely delicious.For my dinner I got the veggie burger. It was messy but very tasty. The bun was not quite as good as it looked, but I still liked it. I also really liked that it had avocado on it, yum!Would love to come back here and give those truffle fries or zucchini fries a try! That Nutella shake looked fantastic also.
4	I recently went here with a friend whom is a loyal costumer of zin burger, although he admitted he's never been to this location before. So we decided to try it out! Lovely decorated and friendly staff. Ordered a "make your own burger" burger. I got a burger, with guacamole, bacon, fried egg, lettuce, tomato, pickles and American cheese. It was very delicious and fairly big! Complimented very well with their fries. Which to my opinion is fairly good. Nothing out of this world, but the burger compensates.
5	Omg came for a weekly cheat meal just thought it would be an average burger but who woulda thunk it??? These burgers are the bomb! And then the sides... WOW! We tried the truffle fries and green chili fries and they were both amazing! They don't lie when they say big enough for two. Then we had the Blanco burger well done and the My Boy Bleu medium well. Both burgers were great but I do recommend the medium well. Everything was very flavorful especially for a burger place. Oh and I must mention they have amazing happy hour specials! You should check it out!
5	The Zucchini or Green Chili Fries are deep fried and sprinkled with salty pebbles of crack.  You can't go wrong with their beers, cocktails or their 4-6 Happy Hour.For what it is and for being a burger joint, the food/service/atmosphere are as good as they come.
4	Had a nice time here the other day! Went with a friend and we both had our small dogs with us so we sat out on the patio. The servers were more than accommodating to our furry friends and brought us water over right away. We split the chopped wedge salad and Zinburger...both very good options! Next time I will order my burger medium rare (vs medium well, opps my bad) :) Our husband's came to join us and both ordered the My Boy Blue burger...let's just say those burgers were gone in about 3 minutes. Safe to say they loved it ;) Next time I would like to eat inside at the bar, it looked fun in there!
5	AMAZING!! Might be the best burger I've ever had! Created my own burger and got the truffle fries, delicious.
4	The atmosphere was super relaxed and cool and had a good mixed crowd. I got the plain and simple burger and it was really tasty. I'm not usually a huge fan of buns but this one was pretty good! There were three of us so we ordered two baskets of fries to share. Fries are like my favorite thing and these were delicious! We got the regular ones and the Parmesan. The best thing ever is that they will bring the fries out ahead of time if you want while you're waiting on the burgers!
4	Courteous staff and really good burger. It's not the best burger I've ever had(reason for the 4 stars) but it's pretty close.
5	Awesomeness!  So glad Sam Fox opened the Zinburger at the Scottsdale Quarter Shopping area. Hopefully he will open more of his restaurants in the area besides True Food Kitchen and Sauce down the road.Great service always nice dining area, even with the cow murals. :)Great selection of burgers,  fries and shakes. Watch oit for the burger of the month, usually some very creative concoction. My personal favorite burger is the Breakfast Burger, has fried egg, Applewood Bacon, avocado, lettuce with mayo. Warning! It gets pretty messy so be prepared for a few napkins. The only thing negative is if you don't eat it in a timely manner the bun gets soggy, take this ad a suggestion Zinburger,  offer a Pretzel Bun.  If they had a pretzel bun this could be the best burger in town.The fries are delish,  love the hand cut fries and the zucchini fries are awesome.  Zucchini Fries almost remind me of the old deep fried zucchini from Lunt Ave Marble Co for you people that have lived in Phoenix for awhile. The shakes are also very good, can't miss getting the cookies and cream or Nutella Hazelnut Crunch.One of the top five places for burgers in Phoenix.  Try to get the Sam Fox Gift Cards from Costco - $100 worth of food for $79 and get on their mailing list for holiday 25% off.Will certainly be back soon.
5	Best buffalo chicken sandwich in AZ
4	The burgers are juicy, not greasy. The Nutella hazelnut milkshake is so delicious, three of us shared one and they split it in separate cups for us, a deal for $5.
4	yum! I was super happy to see this location open up here in north scottsdale, i was tired of driving over to the biltamore location. The seating is nice and the patio will be a great place in winter to sit! The kobe beef is some of the best meat you can get and the spicy burger is the best, not to spicy but just right!
3	I dined here on a work function with about 10 other colleagues. Service was brisk and friendly. We ordered several orders of fries and rings, and they were delivered promptly and were quite tasty. I had the namesake burger which was pretty good and nicely cooked (medium rare). The bun was a bit mediocre and added nothing to the experience, but the meat and toppings were quite nice.A colleague of mine did order a well done burger, and hers came out perfectly rare. That was probably their biggest misstep of the evening.Overall a good place to grab some grub and some wine if in the area.
4	I like Zinburger, do I think it is a bit pricey (burgers do not come with fries... SAY WHAT?!?!?) yes. However, it is always enjoyable and I like the laid-back atmosphere!
4	The food was outstanding.  I would eat a burger there every single day for the rest of my life and be a happy lady.The service, however, was meh.  There was no silverware/napkins on our table when we sat down.  We asked for napkins AFTER our food arrived and the server brought out a stack of paper napkins.  We asked for silverware after that and the server looked at us like we had 3 heads.  He brought back ONE set of silverware.  I laughed out loud at that...I mean, really.  I know it is a burger place, but come on...there are 4 people at the table, bring everyone the freaking silverware and napkins.  He never refilled our sodas and kind of disappeared after the food arrived.  One of the members of the party ordered a milkshake which came well after we were all done eating.  If the food wasn't so delicious, I would have given 2 stars because the service was just so strange.  I will come back but will hope that I get someone that's a little more on the ball.
1	Chose Zinburger to enjoy lunch with a friend on the patio & take in the cooler temps.  Man were we disappointed!! Let me start by saying the place wasn't even a little bit busy.  3 tables including ours in the patio.  Waited 10+ minutes before I went & tract down a waitress.  Decided better make the most of the visit we ordered drinks food all at once.  We ordered sweet potato fries.  When asked if we would like those to come out first we replied yes.  Drinks came relatively quickly &&& then the wait.  Finally all the food came at once.  ?? Whatever we were starving.  My burger was missing the bacon & had onions of which I request otherwise.  The boy that dropped off the food (still hadn't seen the waitress since drinks were dropped off) he left so quickly I caught him to ask for mustard & ranch.  No one came back until the original girl I flagged down came to check I mentioned the onions and the no bacon which I could have lived without but the onions were a deal breaker.  She offered to have it remade I was hesitant because I was so hungry but she assured me it would be quick.  My friend was almost done with her bun less double double that she requested with the trimmings and condiments that came with nothing.  She didn't mention it to the waitress because when she finally came back what was the point she was almost done.  The burger came back ... 10 min or so later by the manager who Said so sorry.  I again asked for mustard that had never come.   I dipped I to my BBQ sauce and found a hard thing like a twig... Happened to be a shaving off the toothpick that holds the buns together is what the waitress explained.   After I removed my burnt bun & pulled the twig out of my BBQ I continues to eat my dry burger when my mustard arrived half way through.... In the end  the waitress said we comp'd your burger just because we thought we'd be nice!   Really...really???  First & last visit!
4	Really nice quality food and service. Lots of places to get a burger but this place is tops! Fresh everything and super happy hour where beer and wine 1/2 off! The Banana cream pie wow!!
4	We were sooo happy when Sam Fox opened one of his Zinburgers here in Scottsdale Quarter.  Our taste buds leaped for joy.  We've always enjoyed their Biltmore location. And even though the service here could be better and the location enlarged, the burgers were...  great. We returned last evening for our fourth visit. I would plan on a thirty minute wait, but that will allow you to hit some of the nearby stores. The time went by quickly, with a band playing in the promenade.  Nice!We started off with their yummy fried zucchini sticks ($7.00), adding the Chipotle Mayo dip to the Ranch was a great idea. I decided to try their Kale Caesar ($4.50). It was good, but needed a little more dressing. As for our burgers, we ordered the Breakfast ($12.50) open face and their house Zin($10.50).  Mine had an fried egg on top, with applewood bacon,avocado, cheese, lettuce and mayo; while the Zin had manchego cheese, yummy zinfandel Braised Onions with lettuce and mayo.  Both were delicious.I believe the secret to Zinburger is how they make their burgers.  Rather compacting the chopped meat and squeezing out all the air pockets. They form them gently. That way the smoky taste permeates the meat.Expect to pay $20 each plus taxes and gratuities, including soft drinks and one appetizer or small salad each.Enjoy!
5	So glad I finally came to Zinburger! The burger was clearly delicious, but we did not drink here. We got a variety of fries for the table, and that was the best choice of the entire meal! You can't go wrong with any of them!!!The patio was great, right in the middle of the Scottsdale Quarter, so there was a lot of activity to look at and a lot of people to watch. Helps that it's Arizona and always beautiful here, so we will come back another time just for that dang patio. Service was just okay, which is why this place only got 4 stars. Would have been 5 if it did not take forever for someone to even say hi to us, but they were really busy. It was lunch rush, but some acknowledgement would be nice.
5	Outstanding selection of burgers, fries, shakes... Service was great. Not fast food so be ready to relax, take your time, enjoy your meal.
5	They have a great Kobe style burger for a good price and you can sit outside by the water fountains.  There is a good selection of burgers and food with a list of well selected beers and wine to pair with your food.
4	A beautiful day to have a burger outside on a patio so we chose zinburger. Got seated after a 20 minute wait but it was worth it. The zucchini fries were amazing, love the green tea (has a vanilla background flavor), and all of our burgers were delicious! The strawberry lemonade has a bit of a sour bite to it for my taste, but my granddaughter was totally enamored. I probably would never want to eat inside as it is a bit crowded and loud.
5	I'm not going to get crazy with a full-on analysis of a burger spot. However, I can say in typical fox fashion, this place is spot on. The food was great, atmosphere good - and very friendly staff that actually looked and felt like they genuinely wanted to assist you. As far as burgers goes, check this place out. definitely a nice new spin.
3	I love zin burger at Biltmore. This one isn't as good. Food was good. Server was okay. But there was a 30 minute wait with lots of open tables?!? Quite a few employees standing around. And dirty bathrooms!
4	I came here with my kids on Cyber Monday and they ran a 25% off special.  Burgers are great and definitely can be split between two kids.  Cocktails were excellent as well as the shakes.  Wish they had a happy hour here!
5	You can't beat this location.. At Scottsdale quarter are you kidding me?  Let me finish up some shopping with a nice juicy burger at Zinburger.  They make some pretty good beef patties and you'll be wanting another after you finish the first one.  I enjoy their selection of burgers and fries.  Anything spicy on the menu and you can depend that I'll order it.  The green chili cheese fries are mouth watering.  Oh yeah, they also make fantastic milk shakes too.  Good burger, great service & great location.  I can see myself stopping in more than usual.
5	Everything was absolutely amazing.  The zucchini fries were the best fries I've ever had. I almost wish the portion was smaller so I wouldn't so many!   The farm salad was excellent and provided a healthy balance for the fries.  Kids were happy and got milkshakes. We had a taste and they were sinful.  My husband, a veggie burger aficionado, thought the veggie burger was good. Only complaint is that it took 20 minutes to get seated when we could see many open tables.
4	We all liked our burgers with lots of choices based on your topping preference.  We also got and split the kale salad-- not split charge which is nice.   Our kiddos customized an onion ring and egg sandwich and split it!    Zucchini fries and truffle fries delicious although after our healthy dinner at true food last night, my stomach hurts.
