2	I usually get gasoline here. Not a very well kept location. Rebel needs to invest into cleaning up their locations. The credit receptacles don't always work at the pumps.
2	This is my local gas station, as it is a block away. I'm here probably 3 times a week. They are discontinuing the Rebel Rewards program (which allowed cents of at the pump earned from in store purchases) at the end of the month which brings my rating down to just your average chain gas station. Everything is always clean and the hot roller foods are fresh. The staff is always friendly but I've been there more than once when the line backs up to the soda cooler. The Krispy Kremes are a total waste of money after 10am. They DO have Coke Zero on fountain which is a rare find! The slushie machine is down just as often as it's up, so don't let your kids get excited for one as odds are it may not be working.
3	Good and clean location, nothing special.  Gas is normally 5 cents cheaper down the street (go south on Hualapai just passed DI on your left).
3	It is what it is.  The gas is less expensive than most of the big name stations.  The inside is about what you would expect from a convenience store.  The employees are friendly.  The place is kept pretty clean although the bathrooms scare me. They stopped the Rebel Reward program which used to get discounts on food and gas.  Their prices are high for food but they usually have a good special like 2 large Dasani for 2 dollars.Their selection of snacks is average.
2	I've been going to this gas station for about nine months. My wife has been going there much longer. It depends on timing. It's not the easiest to get in and out of. If you're headed North on Hualapai, it's very easy. However, heading South, you have to make a U-Turn on Sahara. When exiting you have to make a right onto Sahara, then make a left on Hualapai at the signal. Most of the employees leave a lot to be desired. The guy with the lips tattooed on his neck, will drop a male customer for a woman at the drop of a hat.  Most of them act like they just don't care! The exceptions are the soft spoken Grey haired guy, and the dark curly haired guy. If they did an Undercover Boss episode on Rebel Oil Company, the guy with the curly hair would either get a job heading Training, or he'd run his own location.A bad experience I had was a discrepancy in cost. I fueled up there one day, when the sign said $3.29 per gallon... Once I'd gone in and paid, I realized the cost on the pump was $3.34 per gallon. I'll never buy gas there again! When I was there tonight, the beer I normally buy didn't have a price marked, and I feel that I was over charged. From now on, I'll be going to the Cheveron on Town Center, and Twain... It's closer to my house, easier access, and I've never had issues.
4	This is my gas station love it love the employees they are always so friendly. However one thing that is a downer they don't do cash back on debit transactions.
3	Out of all the Rebel stations I've been to, this is bar far the friendliest. I've only gotten gas here about 3 times. I'm here more often for a 32 oz cup of tea. Lol
5	Solid gas station that hardly gets busy and always seems to have the lowest gas prices in the area. The clerks are attentive, nice, and chatty, which makes this place even more comfortable to frequent. The one draw back is they never let anyone get cash back from debit transactions, but there is an ATM located near the front door.
