5	Sol y Luna is a full service beauty studio where you can get amazing hair colors, cuts, acrylic nails, pedis, manis, facials, waxing, make up and styles for all kind of events.It's a very artzy salon where you would feel like home. The stylist are very friendly and would make you feel very good and will undestand what you're looking for.
5	Excellent services and price. Quality professional hair cut by Marinella
5	I've been getting my hair cut here for the past year by Marinella.I can't say enough about this place and especially Marinella. The service has been great and I get a fantastic hair cut everytime. Plus you can't beat the price.
1	Worst hair salon ever !!!!Right when i got in i should of walked right out . Lady who was doing my hair with the weird accent was rude from the beginning . Ive always gone too one hairstylist so its hard for me too trust a new one , but it was the closest one too my house and had no time too go too my usual one . But anyways right from the beginning the lady was not being professional very rude and not very professional im fine with no conversation but at least smile or something . She didnt know how too put on bleach or what kind too blend in with the rest of my hair . Dumb lady left it on Toooo freaken long and basically my scalp started burning . She kept saying its normal or whatever but ive been getting my hair bleached for 2 years so i know how it should feel . So i asked the lady (too not call her by any other name ) too rinse my hair . I should smacked her and sued her . But nice of me i still payed the 80$ something dollars for some crappy as coloring . Once my hair had dried my scalp was pealing tell me if thats wrong ? I Would NEVER recommend this tacky place too anyone . Save your hair ladies
5	Great place!!! A+ work by the cosmetologists there.. Such a beautiful salon and good vibe.. I get my hair cut here every week, my low fade... :) love the way it comes out everytime and can't complain at all.. They have it all in there spas for manicure and pedicure, wax station, facial station Ect.. Such nice ppl and good work environment over all
5	Great! experience from beginning to end. Walking into Sol Y Luna Beauty Studio was very relaxing due to the place being clean and having friendly employees. I have gotten my hair done quite a few times, as well as facials and massages. Every time I decide to change my hair color I have people asking me where I get my hair done. Of course I will recommend this place since it's hard to find a good hair stylist here in Las Vegas. Thanks to the lovely ladies from Sol y Luna (Maria, Elizabeth and Marinella). Great prices!!! as well.
5	Have been getting my hair color and highlights done by Marinella for over a year. I always get compliments on it. I don't cut my hair often but when I do I get compliments on that too. My hair looks healthy now. She also takes care of my hair. Crazy I know but whatever it is its working. My family & friends go to her now.
