5	Lots and lots of baby stuff!  The owner keeps things very clean, cleaning all of the stuff as it comes in.  Her prices are great.  She and her staff are very nice and extremely helpful.  I recommend this place highly.Formula prices are amazing too!!
5	You can't go wrong visting this store.  The help is super friendly and bends over backwards to help you find what you are looking for.  There is a large selection of very clean used items (many items look brand new).  I always feel like I am getting a super deal whether I am trading in or buying.  They really know their stuff!
2	I liked that this place was packed full of stuff! But at those PRICES I don't know how they stay in business! I heard good things about what they give if you sell..was very sad they weren't accepting clothes.(but I see why!)
5	What a selection with great prices to boot. I always shopped here when my kids were younger, now I tell all my friends to stop in. The owner goes out of her way to located what you are looking for.
3	I like this place and the lady owner but the husband never smiles or is friendly and doesn't seem very interested in helping.  I hate to write less than a stellar review for a place I basically like but one has to consider the whole experience.  The lady owner has always been friendly and helpful.  Some of the merchandise is very reasonable, other items are a bit higher than I might like, but I'm in the habit of hitting local thrift shops on their half off days so that affects my outlook.  I was looking at an Ergo front carrier infant insert which was priced at $21.50 and the lady said were $50 new, but had seen new ones at Target for $25. I'll have to go back and look again to be sure if it is the same model, the "premium" I think it was called.  We looked online and didn't see any new ones as high as $50.  They seemed to run $15 average for used ones on eBay and Amazon.  The store recently moved to a different storefront a few doors down in the same center where they have LOTS more space! It's a lot easier to walk around and see things now.  As far as condition, I didn't see anything that wasn't in really good shape, not that I looked at everything but what I did see was nice.  What we bought was absolutely like new.
5	I really like this place. They have an array of items changing all the time. The prices are reasonable. I have been very happy with my experience here and I have purchased many items and different times.
