2	Have been looking forward to trying E2Go since going to lunch at the sit down restaurant next door. E2 was very good but over priced. Thought E2Go would satiate my want of good food but not break the bank - it's a sandwich shop after all! The Emeril name can't mark up just a sandwich that much, can it? So I was disappointed in the value at E2Go - tasty Vietnamese po'boy but the sandwich was ::tiny:: and cost ~$9. Too many good options for lunch to make E2Go anything to go back for. They do have Abita Root Beer on tap, which is delicious. But I'm still hungry. Boo.
5	This is my first time eating at E2Go and it was a wonderful experience. There were numerous sandwiches to select from not the usual sandwiches you get everywhere else.  The eatery was very clean and the customer service was excellent.  Matt was very polite, courteous and professional ensuring that my first visit as an out of towner was a good experience.  I felt the prices were comparable to other to go restaurants.  I will definitely tell my family and friends to try the place out when they are in Charlotte.  I will surely be dining at e2go on my next visit to Charlotte!!!
5	If you are close to the Duke Energy Center building you need to hit this place up!  I have pretty much been a regular since they opened and haven't been disappointed yet! Well..except for when they run out of their famous jerk chicken wrap every Thursday but that just tells you how awesome it is!! There prices are very comparable if not better than other restaurants! The staff is amazing and greet you by name. They even have your usual orders ready before you even order! And if you like donuts then you must try theirs !! Their pastry chef is always making different kinds of donuts,  key lime pie, coconut, espresso, etc.. I highly recommend this place for breakfast and lunch. You won't be disappointed.
5	Baked goods at e2GO are amazing.  If you order a scone or muffin, it was just baked that morning.  Nothing is ever saved for the next day.  I took a bite of the scone, it was lighter in texture with the perfect fruit ratio!  You can tell when people love their jobs it shines through.  I won't be buying pastries anywhere else in Charlotte.
3	Pricey and the food was just OK. Had the shrimp and grits cause hey...it's emeril's joint. Also had the peanut butter pie. I love peanut butter pie and on a scale of 1-10 i would give their's a 6.5. The shrimp and grits a 6.
2	You'd think getting a free sandwich would make up for some deficiencies, but no. This BLTA (avocado) was described as featuring thick, house-cured bacon. However, the bacon appeared to be the regular thin kind you see in fast food joints - but with the added bonus of being burnt to char. I would have taken it back, but this sandwich was free because the last time I got a sandwich at e2go, it was absolutely swimming in oil after the cashier assured me they put "just a little" olive oil on there. Yuck, now double-yuck. Yumm-NO.
4	I stop in every morning when visiting Charlotte for work.Staff is friendly and very fast / efficient.Food is tasty and of good quality, and a nice latte gets me ready for the day's work ahead.Can't wait to stop in when I am back in town.
4	I stop in here all the time if I need a quick lunch! I have celiacs disease and its really hard to find a place downtown to grab a healthy lunch sans gluten! The E2GO staff takes food allergies very seriously and will kindly change their gloves, and today they even made my salad on a towel on the line so it didn't slide across all the bread crumbs and gluten! Everyone has always been very friendly and efficient. I would have given it 5 stars excepting I think their prices are a little high. $14 for a salad with chicken is kind of crazy. But the knowledge of the staff and the quality of the food will keep me coming back. Thanks E2g0.
1	What if I told you I would overcharge you for food that is mediocre on it's absolute best day and AND never get the order right. Would you keep going back? Well I had just had my last visit there.
