5	Located in a turn-of-the-century mill, this quilt shop is a treasure.  Tons of fabric (wide variety of colors as well as styles, from reproduction to traditional to batiks, including flannels, kid fabrics, plaids), lots of great samples to get your creative juices flowing, and a very friendly helpful staff.  I will admit that I occasionally teach classes here (they have  3 classrooms upstairs), but even if I didn't teach here, it would still be one of my favorite Wisconsin quilt shops.  There is a large parking lot, and several fun places nearby to go for lunch, so you can really make a day of it.  Be sure to check out their website as well, as it has several helpful links.  Happy Quilting!
5	This place is awesome.   It is in an old mill, so it has these amazing old plank floors and soaring ceilings with wooden beams.  I visit Waunakee once a year to see my family and I always make time to go to Mill House Quilts.  It is a huge store, so it has a great selection.  Everything is really neat and well-organized.  They have bolts of premium fabrics and a wide variety of fat quarter packs.  Plus, they have thread, buttons, quilt patterns, and books.  For any quilter, I highly recommend stopping into this store; it is only 30 minutes from Madison and is very easy to find--just off of Waunakee's Main St.  near the train tracks.
5	Wow!  This is a beautiful quilt shop. Thousands of bolts of fabric, lots of books, and tons of eye candy, you won't be dissapointed by making the trip to come to this quilt shop.  The service was very friendly too!
1	Terrible customer service. Especially Irene? I won't waste my time going back again.
4	Beautiful quilt store!  Wonderful staff!  I will admit, I am not a quilter, but my mom is.  When we recently took a trip to WI my mom asked if we could make a stop here.  I am so glad we did.  Their large shop is filled with beautiful fabrics and notions.  I found several fabrics for my mom to use for future projects!  If you are interested in quilting, sewing or fabric arts, I highly recommend this store!  Bonus: It is located in a very quaint town with fun restaurants and coffee shops!
