4	I dont know why ... the cleaners, I just dont like going.. yet its one of those on the 'needs vs wants' list of lifes little duties.. But recently my boyfriend hands off like a bazillion shirts he needs by Friday, 'if possible baby'....medium starch and laundered crisp... WOW! I thought I was high maintenance.. He refused to let me pop them into my cleaners near Biltmore.. Okay.. I love this place.. they are nice.. friendly and swift.. Best thing yet.. NOT having to leave your car to get your cleaning on the day of pick up.. theres a drive thru..swift again.. c Reminds me of DC! I love it.. running to Biltmore to collect my cleaning now..
1	Brought 4 pair of slacks in, 2 zipper replacements and 2 to be hemmed. When I went to pick them up, only one pair was ready for pick up.  The pants that needed to be hemmed were not done as I had requested. On one of the pants that was going to have the zipper replaced, the didn't have a matching color but no one bothered to contact me to see if I wanted to do something else instead.  I'll never go there again!
4	I looked on Yelp and other sites to find reviews on a good dry cleaners for my husband's business suits. I come to find out, there are few in my area that are up to par. So I knew this one was on the way home so I thought I would give it a try after reading a few other reviews on other sites. (which remain nameless --hehe). I noticed there was a drive up window which would be convenient for the possible next time I was to return. (For I wouldn't want to go thru on the first visit, so I could check out the establishment.).  I entered the cleaners and was greeted warmly by the guy behind the counter. Seemed very clean inside and very busy -- based on all the clothes getting carted around on that 'roller coaster of rails' they ride on. (a good sign!). The gentleman reviewed what items I had and gave me a ticket. For 2 suits and a blazer, it would only take 2 days to clean. Not too bad. The cost was $26.25. Now I've never dry cleaned suits before, so I hope that was reasonable? Not sure.  ($9.75 each suit and $6.75 for the blazer). If not, oh well, we'll see how good this place is and check on prices in other places to compare.So after 2 days I picked up the garments. Once again, greeted warmly by a younger gentleman. I commend them for their happy demeanor. You don't get that a lot anymore. I showed him my ticket and he retrieved my items very quickly. I reviewed them briefly and asked him about cleaning dresses, and fixing hems. He gave me some prices and said the seamstress would be more than happy to give me a quote on the repair. I didn't have the dress so I would stop by at a later time. When I got home, I inspected the items further. The slacks were pressed perfectly and there was no odor or anything on the clothing. (As I've heard sometimes happens at dry cleaners) So I was pleased.I would definitely go there again for my dry cleaning.
2	I'm new to the area.  They were nice and the drive through window is convenient.  However- they are terribly expensive!!  And I just relocated here from the East coast.  This was ridiculous.  Every garment has it's own price- and women's blouses are more expensive to clean than men's.  And they only accept Mastercard and Visa unless you pay for the monthly service.  Very shocked at the bill when I went to collect my clothes.  Where are the flat rate cleaners???
