2	We arrived in Vegas late at night, we were tired and we just wanted to get to our hotel.  We didn't need extra insurance, but some fast talking service rep told my boyfriend that under our discount code, all insurances cost only $10.  I looked at the paper said but those numbers add up to $24.  The salesman insisted that it was really only $10.  So Adam signed up for all three.Fast forward to a week later, we are rushing to get to the airport and are grabbing and arranging the many things we have in the car.  This salesman tells us we owe $100 more than I had planned.  After some arguing, and standing our ground, he gives us the $10 a day rate we were quoted and said he would talk to the first salesman.Moral of the story: 1) read the contract carefully, if anything looks fishy to you, have them correct it before you sign it.  2) If it's two of you vs one of them, stand your ground.  They tried to offer to split the difference before giving us the rate we were promised.  Car rental places are EVERYWHERE in Vegas, they can't offer to lose customers.In general, I'm glad it got resolved.  But I'm giving them a low rating because I felt like they were purposely trying to scam me.
3	I wasn't that happy about Enterprise at all. If you get there after 11pm, all their systems are down so it's extremely slow because they have to manually call the credit card companies. I was also pissed about the guy who had us pick our car. I told him I wanted to decline all insurance, but he had me initial on the portion to accept it. (My fault too for trusting that he was listening to me. Note: Always read the little details. It was extremely late too, so I just wanted to get out of there.) This cost me about an extra $100!We got a decent car, Kia. The car is really nice, but they don't really clean the car too well. It smelled, and no amount of driving with the windows open completely fixed it. There was also dried blood on the drivers side seat belt. They had a mini sticker on the keychain to note that, though. Overall, not too impressed.
5	I recently flew into the Henderson Executive Airport and missed the courtesy shuttle by about 5 minutes. I went to the Enterprise rental desk without a reservation, and they immediately prepared a car for me, no questions asked. When I returned home after the trip I realized that i had left my entire set of keys in the trunk of the car. I called enterprise immediately and spoke with someone named Lauren. Her response was amazing. The rental car had since been rented out, however she was able to contact the customer currently renting the car and have them locate the keys. She quickly arranged for overnight shipment of my keys back to Los Angeles. This Enterprise location provides excellent service, and I would certainly use them again when I return to Las Vegas..
