2	I love Jamba Juice. I hate Jamba attitude. Jamba deserves 5 stars for its array of flavors, boosters and options for juice, smoothie, etc. Yet, when the manager stands there and patronizes you and seems to be annoyed that you want to cash in on a free 16 oz jamba juice (from a promo card that was a gift from another Jamba manager), then I have a problem. This Jamba is worthy of only 2 stars because, let's face it, the teens behind the counter know how to make a mean peanut butter moo'd smoothie and instruct you that the straw tends to get stuck to the bottom of the cup. So, instead of sucking up all the air in the room, you can dutifully swirl the yummy cup contents and exercise the straw enough until the Jamba froth touches your tongue. I'll definitely be going back for the peanut butter smoothie. I just won't be going back to this Jamba Juice.
4	http://www.oatmealforabuck.com/em.htmlOatmeal for a buck. With fruit and some sorta heavenly crumbles.A BUCK. Warm, Tasty, Cheap & Healthy.
3	I guess it's ok in a pinch. It's not my favorite though. Is it because it's so corporate-y? Is it because everything is so sweet tasting? A little bit of both, and it's not Xoom Juice! I will say that they were super quick on my recent visit to the north. I was heading out for a hike and wanted to pack in some protein, and even though there were a few other folks waiting for their sips, it felt like they churned them out pretty quick. Know Before You Go: I'd pass on their "energy bar" Berries and whole grains sounded good but it was really sweet and didn't give me any added boost hiking up Camelback mountain in the early AM.
3	I am definitely a fan of Jamba Juice -- but haven't had them in a while, they are unfortunately loaded with sugar. But I never knew this location was here! I spotted it after a nearby reflexology appt the other day, and knew that I needed to treat myself. The smoothie tasted as good as it always does.... it's just that the service at this location is a 180 from every other JJ I've been too. No friendly "Welcome to Jamba Juice" greeting when I walked in the door. Instead it was 3 guys w/ attitude.... and one which was super slow at making the smoothies (he's probably new I think). I will probably go back here, now that I know this location is here. But... hopefully the staff is friendlier next time.
3	With 16 check-ins to date and the coveted 'duchess' title, I guess it's time to review this Jamba Juice location.Yes... it's a chain.  I'll get that out of the way.  And if there were an alternative locally owned smoothie/juice establishment close to home, I'd drop this place in a heartbeat.  But alas, there's not.  So when I'm craving some fruity goodness and protein, this is where I tend to go.  I  know it's a lot of sugar and it's pricey for what it is... but sometimes a smoothie just hits the spot.  I've had the following things from their menu:*wheatgrass shots*orange juice*yogurt cups*oatmeal*and pretty much all of the "all fruit" smoothies: - five fruit frenzy - mega mango - peach perfection - pomegranate paradise - strawberry whirlThe original (medium) sized smoothies are pretty filling, especially once you add protein.  If you go with whey protein, it expands so much that you usually get bumped up to the next size which is really large and sometimes is enough for breakfast and a snack later on depending on my appetite.The staff is friendly enough and there is typically never a line at this location when I go.  So like I said above, this place is A-OK for what it is... and since I'm too lazy to make my own smoothies at home and there are no amazing locally owned competitors nearby, it looks like I'll continue giving my smoothie business to Jamba Juice!
3	If you ever have a craving for a smoothie, this is the place to visit.  These smoothies offer fruity goodness and definitely can fill keep you cool in the summer.  My favorite is the Berry Fulfilling because its on the lite menu.  The staff are always friendly and welcoming.
4	friendly helpful staff readily available to help you select a delicious fruit drink sure to suit your liking. I'm a fan of the coconut water blends ..too bad they are seasonal but staff helped me create a similar blend with my favorite fruits. You'll love the drinks without the guilt!
4	As far as I know if you want a smoothie this place is the best all the other ones taste like crap. I get a 16 Aloha pineapple with 3g boost and it's bomb.
3	Nice staff, yummy smoothies.  I like the chunks of fruit in them.  But because they are a tad pricey, I will be visiting only when they offer their $2 drink specials via text message.
4	We only stopped by, because of the hour long wait for Lo-Lo's just a few doors down. i had their orange peel smoothie, daughter had some kind of Hawaii drink? But it was better than mine!! overall it was a good experience! They need more chairs inside, got us out pretty fast and greeted us when we walk in.
5	I travel alot and have to try and watch what I eat...so this place...who knew?  Has calorie counts, will custom make what you want...and is pretty good on the wallet.
5	I love this place, I always have. My drink of choice is the Orange Dream Machine, which is always tasty an filling. I also love getting the wheatgrass here, and love that they serve it on a little tray with a wedge of orange slice. This location specifically has excellent customer service. I was in Scottsdale for a work trip and stopped in 3 days in a row, they always greeted me with a smile and remembered my drink. Looking forward to trying one of their juice and veggie smoothie blends.
5	I enjoy coming here after hiking. I've been to this location twice and both times I received great service and a delicious smoothie. I usually get dairy free smoothies and have tried the Five Fruit Frenzy and Strawberry Whirl flavors-both were very tasty. They even remade my smoothie after I clumsily dropped it on the floor within minutes of getting it!
2	My girl friend and I stopped in today for a smoothie before we went hiking. I had almost forgotten how much I don't really care for Jamba Juice. While the lady working was very friendly and offered us coupons on our exit, my smoothie was really gritty - almost chewable - and in my opinion a little overpriced. Also, most of their menu items aren't really THAT healthy. I wish they would explain the "boosts" that they offer.. like, tell me what exactly you are adding to my smoothie to "boost" it?I prefer Juice It Up down in Tempe Marketplace for healthier options and a better bang for your buck.
4	Yes I am a fan! My favorite is the Mango-A-Go-Go with the immunity boost! I get it every time!!The staff here is always friendly and the juice is well.... delightful! If you don't like yours they are usually always willing to remake it for you!Try a shot a wheat grass it will rid your body of toxins and give you that healthy boost you need! I'm doing the Jamba dance now... Oh and look on groupon they sometimes have a 5$ for $10 deal which you can't beat!!
4	Not sure why they have a guy named Juan who speaks broken English as their first impression when you enter the store, but the smoothies are still made well. I want that cute girl greeting me at the register please. have been on a tear lately over there using all kinds of coupons. Join the club, get a coupon, new smoothie flavor, get a coupon, take a look at the magazine in the corner, find a BOGO coupon. Smoothie prices should average about four bucks. That said, the peanut butter is quite good, the banana berry is my favorite and the new Kona berry is climbing up the list. Feels good drinking a smoothie watching all the overweight folks waddle out of LoLo's.
5	Came in the other day for my 30th+ time. Gentlemen behind the counter informs me that it is "Happy Hour" and my second smoothie will only be $1. Wish I had found out about this sooner. 5PM - 7PM is Happy Hour. Buy one smoothie, get one smoothie for $1
1	Don't try to use your Jamba Juice gift card here machines card readers worn out or never cleaned....cashier said she could not manually type in the card number or she could be fired. Really? Definitely disappointed that I could not use my Birthday gift! At least I got a Starbucks gift card took my business across the parking lot....8/20/13 5:40 PM
5	The general manager Jason is a great dude! Happy to help and always keeping his employees in a good energetic mood!
5	I've always liked Jamba Juice. Any location I've been to the service has always been friendly, and I like the wide variety of smoothies they offer (even though I pretty much stick to just a couple). I'd probably give most locations 4-stars. However, this location easily gets 5 stars because of the customer service. I'm not at all surprised to see another recent 5 star review point out the general manager Jason by name, because he's the one I'm specifically referring to re: the great customer service. I've been coming here quite a bit the past few months, and my mom decided to get me a gift card here for Christmas because she knew I'd take advantage of it. Well, when I came in here and tried using it for the first time it didn't work. Jason happened to be working, and gave me my smoothie for free that day. He gave me the phone number to call to see what the issue was and it turned out for whatever reason when my mom bought the gift card the transaction was canceled almost immediately after she purchased it. The customer service rep emailed me the receipt (they were able to look it up using the gift card number).As a result, my mom technically didn't wind up buying the gift card (but she didn't realize this, obviously). I brought in the copy of the receipt to the store, and I really didn't expect them to do anything since at the end of the day no purchase was actually made (granted, this was due to a mistake on there part). Again, Jason happened to be working and gave me several free smoothie coupons that more than covered the cost of the gift card. Honestly, since this is the closest Jamba Juice to my house, and I like the smoothies here I'd continue coming back no matter what, but it doesn't hurt that  the customer service here is so good (by ALL the employees I've met when coming in), and in particular the GM, Jason.
5	Amazing is the best word to describe Jamba Juice. I love their smoothies and their staff is always so helpful and kind! Hands down my favorite place to stop when I come to Scottsdale. Their smoothie shop is always clean and smells delicious. My smoothie is always perfect as well.
1	If I could give this Jamba Juice 0/5 stars I would. I generally like this location, however today the staff changed that. The staff was uneducated regarding their policies, unable to resolve an issue or even attempt to do so. I got the response "I just work here" Everyone I encountered looked miserable. No one smiled or seemed upbeat. The guy that poured my smoothie asked me how my day was and I told him "horrible" (considering what I had just dealt with when purchasing the smoothie) The guy respond after I said "horrible" he stayed quite and looked down as if not knowing what to say. Someone please tell me what kind of costumer service is that and who is training these kids? The smoothie itself was awful tasting. I buy the same smoothie every time and I know what it's supposed to taste like and what I received today was nothing close to it. It did not taste fresh or sweet. It's one thing to have an awful tasting smoothie and you deal with it because the staff is awesome and you leave with a smile on your face. BUT it's another thing when the costumer service is just as bad if not worse then that awful smoothie. Overall a horrible experience from the lack of costumer service to the disgusting so-called fresh fruit smoothie. I will not be returning to this Jamba Juice location for many reasons and will recommend my friends and family do the same.
3	Smoothies are good, but pricey. And walking in to the store (in the morning), there is a foul aroma that hits you in the face. Smells like rancid water. And when you're trying to get over the stomach flu, smells like that just aren't nice on the stomach. I think I'll pick up some items from the store to start making my nutriblasts at home again. Save my stomach and pocketbook.
4	My favorite smoothie place has always been Tropical Smoothie Cafe. They no longer exist so Jamba juice is my new go to! The employees are usually friendly. The menu is big so anyone and everyone can find something that's perfect. They used to have more of a selection for boosts. I like the new idea for the fruit and veggie smoothies. What happened to the acai smoothie that was on the menu?
4	Quick service. Lots of options more than just simple smoothies. Clean store. What more is there to say?
3	I've heard great things about Jamba Juice, and have never been (not in CT, NYC, or AZ), so we went today after I found a Groupon and finally tried it out.  I really liked my juice alot, along with the wheat grass shot, and my husband liked his smoothie, but I used my Groupon on my juice, ordered and was charged for a large, and was given a small.  I didn't take a receipt initially as my drink was free, but I know I ordered a large and was given a small.  It might seem petty, but I just wish that they were more conscientious when orders were being placed, as we were 2 or 4 customers the entire time. I took a copy of their juice "menu", as I want to try to make some of them at home in my juicer, but the ingredients were so fresh... I would definitely go back to one, but a different one, and one closer to home.
4	Love getting fresh squeezed juice or smoothie drinks here.  Heard about the secret menu but have not really saw anything anywhere about it.  Anyone know what's on it?  Great people working here and they'll try to work out with whatever you need.
2	The people are super friendly but understaffed!! 1 person for the morning rush.. Not cool.. We are all trying to get to work on time. And the ceiling fans are filthy..
