4	I am thrilled another mom and pop has opened in my neighborhood. The menu is big and there is a tonne of potential in what used to be R.E. Tapas. The Beer is cold and Rich the owner is great(also owns back 9 over at Callaway) he has started with a pretty aggressive wine area. I am gonna have to try and eat my way through the menu before I give a more concise review.
4	Great happy hour from 4-7! BBQ bacon cheese burger and chicken wings are excellent. Very friendly staff. Perfect place to get together with friends for wine tasting or sit at the bar and watch sports. Looks like it will be a great spot to watch Rebel games.
2	With a name like C R Buns, the very least you would expect from them is that they make their our buns. But after ordering a burger and looking at the bun it was obviously NOT made there. I even asked about it and sure enough they get them from a local baker. So lets talk about that burger...They use 1/4 pound patties (I am betting S&F) and opening prices of about $5.00 which I expect will go up if they have some success. The thing is everyone around other than Jack in the Box are using 1/3 to 1/2 pound patties and cooking them better. The fixings were fresh so that's a plus, but back to the bun again; while they do toast the buns they do not grill them with say a butter coating, hence the heel gets soggy and falls apart. By half way through the sandwich (my wife ordered a chicken sandwich) we were both eating the sandwich upside down. It is obvious that they do not understand how to make a simple burger.Similar observations can be made about the chicken grilled sandwich and the sides. C R Buns like so many others probably gets almost all their food from US Foods or SYSCO or Rykoff(H&O) or some such making their food just like everyone else.Suggestions: Ice Tea drinker drink a lot of Iced Tea... get bigger cups for the Iced Tea and servers will have to tend to them less often improving service.My wife ordered a Newcastle (I don't drink) and the beer was cool, but not cold. Beer should be served at 38 degrees and this was not close. Also, my wife was not even offered a glass for the beer, just the bottle. WHILE SOME PEOPLE DRINK STRAIGHT FROM THE BOTTLE OTHERS THINK IT IS MORE SANITARY TO OFFER A GLASS. THINK ABOUT IT.You need to cook your pizzas longer, they looked under cooked and two tables left half their pizzas in the plate. BTW, if you have pizza ovens, why couldn't you make your own buns in the morning and then turn them up to 700 after for the pizzas? That would help meet expectations and give a better product.You do not have a walk up register for people to pay at and your servers are slow in servicing the checks. Along that idea, are you getting check skippers? You have two exits and that is usually a no no for most dining establishments. Also, in case you do get robbed, if the register is near the exit it keeps the robber away from customers whose safety is then your biggest concern.Ambiance and Decor; what decor? A few surf boards hanging around do not make decor. Exposed electrical conduit look awful and the standard beer company neon's are kitsch to say the least.There are no beer taps and unless the place really picks up in business I would not expect taps. For one think they would have to devote space in a walk-in refrigerator for kegs and I do not think they have the space. Also, to run refrigerated lines for the beer is expensive and would require more construction costs. If you went light on the decor I do not see them spending more for taps.There is definitely a lack of concept here, they are trying to be all things to all people and have lost the "idea of one". Pick one thing or idea and do it better than anyone else and you will be ahead of the game. The rule of one meets expectations and allows for growth.But then again what do I know.
4	Who wants to C R Buns!?!?! Well I decided I wanted to... So we stopped in since it is a matter of blocks from our house, It was late and we only ordered 2 appetizers to share and they were both spot on... tasty food, fast service and very friendly atmosphere. I have heard great things about this place already so I will for sure be checking this place out a little more in depth soon.
1	Hope this is a cover for drug smuggling cause if they are seriously trying to make money they are screwed.  Dont usually care about decor but the identity crisis (is it a beach bar or an awful attempt at contemporary?) and most uncomfortable bar stool ever had me out the door before I ordered a beer.  I couldn't fathom paying $7 for a glass of wine no way anyone there is making sure it is properly stored. Bar food is not a joke! This place is.
3	$3.49 burger and fries! $2.00 beers! Cant beat it. Friendly service, clean  and great food.
4	Delicious, yummy food, great veggie options, decent wine and beer list, great prices, and incredible service are all the ingredients for a successful establishment! Rich chatted us up while we were there, he was one of the funniest, most attentive bar owners I have ever met.  I will definitely go back and my family absolutely enjoyed the experience.  Would be a great place to go with some girlfriends for a wine tasting or with a crowd to watch a football game.
2	I frequent yelp before heading to a new place to eat, but this is my first review, so bare with me... A friend of mines bought a groupon online so we decided to hit up CR buns and see what they are all about. We walked in at about 630 pm and there were only 2 people in the entire restaurant. the bartender doubled as our waiter. Another yelper described this place is a cover for drug smuggling, and i couldn't agree more. Here is what we ordered... Spinach dip/ chips - I'd rate this a 2 out of 5; it tasted like the spinach was frozen, and some of the chips were chewy. Chicken wings - 2.5 out of 5, the wings were comparable to the frozen wings that you can buy at any grocery store and throw in the microwave. BBQ Bacon cheeseburger 2 out of 5, just a plain burger i enjoy McDonald's more. PS. my glass smelled like old Xmas decorations I don't think that we'll be going back :(
1	We were thrilled when CR Buns appeared in our neighborhood, especially since they had a wine bar/wine tastings.  Our first few visits were great.  The owner was friendly and the food and drink were both reasonable and good.Unfortunately, it appears that the quality of this place has been deteriorating.  It began in late summer when the bartender was more concerned about her cell phone than our service.  She would ask "Do you need anything/are you alright?" and when my husband said "Yes" and pushed his empty beer bottle her way, she had already turned around and walked away.  I also agree that the beers are way too warm, especially when it's hot outside, even though you can't beat the $2 price.In September it appeared that the food quality had gone down with the prices.  The burgers were like White Castle Sliders and the buns were soggy.  My husband ordered onion rings with his cheeseburger, and only got 4-5 of them.  You're getting what you pay for.Last night was the final straw.  We made a last minute decision to use a $35 restaurant.com certificate for wine and dinner.  When we walked in there were 3 patrons at the bar and the dining room was empty.  That pretty much speaks for itself, especially for a Saturday night.  My husband showed the owner our certificate and since there were no alcohol restrictions on it, asked for confirmation that we could include our wine.  The owner stated that the certificate clearly stated food only, which ours did not.  The owner then took the certificate and commented that it was purchased way back in June prior to his contacting restraurant.com to add the restriction.   We each ordered a beer instead of the bottle of wine, or wine tasting that we had planned and pondered if we should just order $35 in food or go elsewhere.  Mind you, the bottle of wine we would have ordered would have been at least the amount of the $35 certificate alone, besides our food.  Our disappointment was that the owner would not honor a certificate that was purchased prior to the restriction, especially when he could have had 2 very satisfied customers, work for his cook (who was standing, watching TV with nothing what so ever to do), and money in his till.Well, we made the decision to leave and eat down the street at Match, who honored their certificate, where we enjoyed a fantastic meal with wine.My only regret is that CR Buns has become a major disappointment in this neighborhood and I highly doubt we will return or use our certificate.
2	Weird place to say the least.  Half of the place is nice wine tasting look and the other half is california beach look.  Menu is the same with hot dogs and burgers for $4.00 then lobster tails.  Slow service but ok for what you are paying if you want a cheap meal.
2	This place was such a let down....I would think with the word "Buns" in it's name they would make homemade buns but the buns were cold and not fresh at all. Everything was made cheaply. I'm always looking for a bargin especially now with the high gas prices and all but c'mon this place may price things cheaply but you pay for it in taste. I wouldn't even spend my last $5.00 here....I had the Spicy Barbecue Chicken Sandwich-Not Spicy by any means and 6 onion rings, really?The BF had a cheeseburger which was so boring and it came with 5 onion rings, really?The Bartender is also your waiter so if he's talking to someone at the bar good luck wanting a refill on your drink. The BF had to get up twice -once to get a drink refill and another time to get the bill. The concept inside is really off, kinda weird!!! The menu also had pizza on it so my daughter ordered it and then the waiter said they no longer sell pizza and infront of us took his pen and crossed it out on the menu. I was just totally turned off by this place, Oh and if you're wondering-NO, I won't be back!!!!
1	Cold buns, lunch meat from a package, honestly it was worse than a school lunch. The appetizer was the best thing(chicken, cheese, tortilla)  We were excited about a new place in the neighborhood but this one was a let down.
5	Burgers are simply amazing! Cold buns? Hell no. The owners are awesome and drinks are always cold.
1	CR BUNS : what can i get you dudesUS : we will take the house salad to start and French Dip, Cheese steak and a kids pizza for dinner CR BUNS : no probUS : is everything ok we been here 45 minutes and only got a grilled cheese we didnt order!!CR BUNS : oooo i am sorry about that the french dip and cheese steak are on the 86 list !!!!! would you like something different ???US : what about the salad and pizza we ordered will that be ready soon ???CR BUNS : The cook was not happy with the greens and we only have Slices of pizza now left .US : So basically you dont have any of what we ordered and didn't tell us you have none of our food for 45 minutes lol ( Frustrated Laugh ) Ill just take a beerCR BUNS : Here you go your amstel its kinda of warm would you like some ice ??MMMEEEE : LOL ABSOLUTLY THIS IS SIMPLY AMAZING lol YOU GUYS CANT EVEN MESS UP RIGHT LOL      ill take my check pleaseCR BUNS : Here is your check                                                CHECK                        Cheese steak                        Pizza                         Salad                        French Dip                         Amstel Light                         3 Sodas                        Grilled Cheese                         HAVE A GREAT DAY!!!!    Smily face ( Picture ) I paid the bill laughed my ass off high five my wife and said now thats how you get rapped lol tipped %50 too This place should be a brothel cause there good at making you pay to get screwed !!!!best part is ill be back and i hope it is changed and way better !!!!there is no way this happens at a place all the time
1	It has been over a year and the joint is even worse a year later. Call me an optimist, I tried it again a few weeks ago, but when the bottom of a dish is served smeared with mustard it means they didn't bother to wash the plate, just wiped it off. Wow, I am seriously disgusted now and won't go back. I want to do something, call some agency, but not sure who.Please read my first review for details. Also, and I have never said this, click on the "Filtered" reviews, put in the code word, and read all of it. There are reviews there that absolutely do not deserve to be filtered.
3	Great staff, great food, great atmosphere.  It's a must visit.
1	My family went last night and they are CLOSED
