1	I wish I could give this place ZERO stars. My fiance and I found an ad for this company and decided to treat ourselves to a bus ride, view of the Hoover Dam, and a helicopter ride into the Grand Canyon - $249 per person. The driver (who NEVER introduced himself) seemed nice enough at first. He got on the PA and gave us info about Vegas - namely the construction projects in the north strip/downtown area that had gone bankrupt. It was depressing to hear about one failed business after the next. Thirty minutes later, we arrived at Hoover Dam. The bus did a U-turn on the Arizona side, made a brief stop at a souvenir shop, crossed back over the dam. Never really did get a good look at it. Don't know why he didn't take us under the new bridge where we could walk out and see the Dam clearly. For the last thirty minutes to the West rim, Driver keyed the mic... and never shut up. The last eight was down an unpaved road with many twists and hairpin turns. Driver kept the microphone in his hand as he tossed us back and forth. Given the road conditions, we felt he should have had BOTH hands on the steering wheel, and not blathering about the Joshua trees ad nauseum. Driver then explained how the 3 hours we would be at the West Rim would work. He must have explained it three times, but never in a clear, coherent manner. Other riders were confused as well. The trip included a meal voucher, which Driver said could use to get BBQ at one of two locations - some place simply called "The Ranch", and another food stand at Guano Point. Driver said we could do what ever we wanted; just to manage our time and be back on the bus NO LATER than 2:25 or risk being left behind. He also said if some of the people got back later and didn't have enough time to get lunch, he'd make a special stop at The Ranch so people could get carry out and eat on the bus. The helicopter / boat portion of the trip lasted about an hour and was amazing (run by another company.) Upon our return to the airport, we looked at the time, and we had just enough time to take in the Canyon view at Guano Point. The food line there was out the door and there were a ton of screaming kids that we didn't want to deal with. They didn't have "to go" boxes, so we decided to enjoy the awe of the canyon we'd paid to see. After all, Driver said we could stop at The Ranch for "to go" food. We arrived back at the airport and boarded the coach at 2:10 - over 15 minutes to spare. This was when everything went...weird... I said to Driver, "Are you still making good on your stop at The Ranch for food?" Driver said "I don't know where you got that idea." This turned into a back and forth argument between us and Driver for the next 3 or 4 minutes with him belittling me and telling me how stupid I was for not listening to his instructions. He then said I was making "everyone on the bus" laugh at me. I turned to my fellow passengers and they were shaking their heads "no" in horror. He then told me I was "making a fool" of myself. Huh? Because I wanted my free food? I never raised my voice, cursed, or threatened him. In fact, I asked, "Are you kidding me?" He told me to "stop or there's going to be trouble." I was like "huh?" He said, "I can refuse you service." I was like, "You mean you'd leave me here" and Driver snarked off, "If need be." I didn't hesitate to say, "then I'll sue you." This finally shut him up. The entire ride back...he BLATHERED on and on and on about water treatment plants, Mexico sucking off our US reservoirs, the plant life, the road...on and on and on... By this time, I was horrified. I'm a good person. I stayed within the time frame...I saw the glories of the Grand Canyon and this bozo ruined it for me. Hasn't he ever heard that the customer is always right? I have NEVER seen someone in the hospitality industry show so little regard for simple, customer service, LET ALONE GET CONFRONTATIONAL WITH CUSTOMERS WHO JUST GAVE HIS COMPANY $500! I contacted the company when I got back and reported this man's rude, belligerent, and condescending behavior toward me. I was assured that I would get a phone call back from the manager. That was on March 6th and I'm still waiting. Maybe Driver was having an off day. Maybe he didn't like the looks of me. Maybe his dog bit him that morning. Who knows? The fact remains that I spent over $500 with this company and was treated like a criminal and never contacted by the management. They're either used to this complaint, or they don't care. I vote for the latter. Take your business elsewhere. There are plenty of companies that service the Grand Canyon and you won't have to listen to the college lecture on the flora, fauna, and Joshua Trees. Bad customer service Grand Tours. Bad, bad, bad.....
1	My husband and I took the Grand Canyon Tour that stops at Bright Angel Lodge for three hours. Our morning started out ok, we were picked up at 7 from our hotel on a small shuttle that drove us to a parking lot where the big "luxury" bus picked us up. An African American male that checked us in the big bus was very rude to me, he asked me rudely to get off the bus and let the rest of the group of the person in front of me to come first. He touched my arm and pushed me to turn around. After the other driver (Caucasian male) who constantly said he has been doing this for over 20 years started out nicely as well then his patience started going downhill. He reminded us about 20 times to make sure we are at a Bright Angel lodge at 3:15 or else he would leave us. He made fun of a group of Asian tourists that were part of our bus that appeared lost once we arrived at the Bright Angel lodge. He was making negative remarks about their behavior, making them look dumb and letting he whole bus now about this. I felt like an elementary school student the whole time as he appeared to treat us like such. On the way back we make many, many different spots to the hotel of each of the passengers! It is super boring the way back. We stopped at this stinky dirty gas station to use the restrooms. The food provided was ok, just enough to hold me from starving all day. The only positive is that the movies provided were entertaining and that the bus was not crowded. Next time, we are driving and not taking any tours!!
