4	I'll keep this short since everyone should already know what a Wal-mart is...The best thing about this Wal-mart is that it is NEW and CLEAN.  Yes, spacious isles and a billion things to buy.  I actually live closer to the one on South Tryon but I always come here just because it's a MUCH nicer shopping experience.
3	It's walmart - what did you want me to say.
2	Typical Wal-Mart Supercenter, but the smallest parking lot for one that I've seen. It is very new and very clean and has all the usual stuff that SC's have - a Subway, Tire and Lube, etc.One thing to note is that the signage on SC-160 is minimal. You have to know where this place is or you won't find it. I drove right past the turn the last time!
4	This is one of the nicer Walmarts in the area, typically clean and not overly busy.  Its layout is an older style Supercenter where the Pharmacy is located at the left entrance and Grocery at opposite, on the right; Bakery area small with most regular breads stocked on isle shelves.  Includes a Subway, Tire & Lube, and Vision Center; open 24 hours.
4	This review is based on the nail salon conveniently located in this Tega Cay Walmart. I would like to touch on the fact that this Walmart is always very clean, organized, and stocked. Not to mention the lines never get ridiculously long like the Walmart off south Tryon. Anywho, at the nail salon I was helped by a kind lady named Kim. I was very satisfied with my mani pedi and eyebrow waxing. First of all, I tend to stay away from spending money on a single pampering at a time. I would rather buy my own supplies at half the price and use them whenever I want. In this instance I felt it was worth it. The price was given to me before i began, and was extremely reasonable (35 for the combo and just 8 for the wax). The experience itself included a massage, moisturizing treatment, and the luxury of doing nothing. Another plus for me was the fact that this place was extremely sanitary. Kim had clean gloves before we started and washed each piece of equipment that was used. Her routine was very professional in that she used her time wisely, focusing on me when it was time and as I washed my hands or moved from one station to the next, she would swiftly clean. It was just a smooth process overall.Lastly, these women were on their straight hustle game, asking for me to upgrade my services. Good business for them because I finally agreed to an eyebrow wax which upped her tip. Only issue was I had some leftover wax on my eyebrow that I didn't notice until I got in the car. Other than that everything was good, especially because I felt like I was only made fun of once.
1	The store is nice and never really crowded. I gave 1 Star because the oil and lube place is horrible. Long waiting periods.I have been here 2 hours for a oil change. Thats no exageration. Horrible service. I will never come here again. I dont even know why they have this service here because they are complete idiots. I fear for my car. DONT COME HERE FOR CAR SERVICE. You have been warned.
5	Ok, I know what you're thinking...."Send Paul for drug testing...he gave a Walmart 5 Stars!" Well perhaps, but in my world, I rate things using the concept of RELATIVISM. Call me an Einstein junkie.....but, COMPARED TO OTHER LOCAL WALMARTS, THIS ONE IS 5 STARS. Get it now?It's clean, well organized (for a Walmart), and I just don't feel that a drug deal will be going down in the parking lot anytime soon when I'm here. So IF you have to go to a Walmart, check this one out. Note that I have NOT been to some of the Walmarts up North (Huntersville, etc.) but this is in comparison to everything West, East and South of Uptown.
4	Sometimes you need something from Walmart! This is a very nice store but a typical Super Walmart for what they offer.
1	Took my car in to the auto service center to have a flat tire fixed.  When the car was returned to me, there was damage to the driver's side door, for which they refuse to accept responsibility.  Mistakes are forgivable; not making it right isn't.
