5	We always go to this Discount location because they're so great to work with!  Recently replaced 1 tire for free under my Road Hazard protection because I had a nail that they could have fixed but because of where it was at they just went ahead & replaced it.
5	I love this place. I have had at least 8 screws in my tires over the past 6 months and they have patched them all for me for free! I did have one instance where my tire was beyond repair and not only did they offer me a credit for the old tire, they match a competitors price for a new tire that was similar and I ended up with a new tire for only 20 dollars! They are fast, understanding of my time, and reliable. I will never go anywhere else because of how great they have always been!
5	I came in to replace my back 2 tires and my spare. Bad news and good news. My front tires could not be balanced because they had bubbles on them. I agreed that they were old and needed replacing. They would not do the work for me without replacing all 4 tires (safety/liability concerns.) The good news was: they worked out an arrangement to lay-away my front two tires, replace all 5 (with the spare) and allow me to drive off on the unpaid front tires. They trusted me to pay them at my convenience without collateral (or financing.) I really appreciated their trust and all parties benefited. I have my new tires and as of this posting, I have returned to pay a hundred dollars toward my balance.
5	Solid guys, have purchased from Discount for years now.
5	This is a great tire shop.  Go here for tires and rotation services. I continue to be impressed by the level of service the staff here provides and their prices are great.  If you live in the area I would recommend DT on Greenfield.  They're friendly and informative and super fast. Glad to do business with this Discount Tire location.
2	45,000 mile warranty on a set of $150 tires and after 20,000 miles tire blows. No new tires with "warranty" just a whopping $36 discount! I have since returned my business to Big-O
4	Convenient. Efficient. Good customer service. Polite. This is where I go to buy my tires. I would rather not go anywhere else. They've proven to really know what they are doing. They are upfront about pricing and options. They will tell you about how long your wait will be and stick to it.
5	Great Service! Very fast and knowledgeable staff. Brought wife's car in that had a flat tire. Turns out had 2 nails/screws. Not only did they fix both holes, they did it for nothing. Dropped tire off, 2 hours later all done. Even offered to put back on the car. Was presses for time elected to put on myself. Will be back!
5	Discount Tire always has the best customer service and wide range of products to fit almost any need!  The service is consistent no matter which Discount you go to, however the guys at this store are always willing to help and follow through on what they say they are going to do!Took my vehicle in because of a low pressure warning, turned out there was a piece of metal in it.  They diagnosed the problem quickly but did not have the matching tire in stock. Was I disappointed? Sure, but the guys got on the computer and found a tire in Salt Lake and had it set up for delivery.  Was told I would get a call next day when it arrived.  Sure enough I got the call, but it was bad news the tire did not make it. Was I disappointed? Maybe a little but they kept me informed of the status and set my expectation appropriately.  Tire arrived next day took the truck back and in 30 minutes was back on my  way!  I  love Discount Tire!!,
1	Brought a great working truck in, took a horribly driving truck out.
5	Very professional and nice group of workers. Highly recommend this Discount Tire location.
5	Reviewed tires on line which also showed 14 of the tires I wanted was currently In-Stock, and made an appointment for 8 a.m. the next day.  Stored opened on time, reviewed with rep of my selection, agreed on tire, balanced and installed set of four in 15 minutes.  Excellent, fast and friendly service.  I will be back.
5	Everyone at this Discount Tire location are extremely helpful. I went in to get my tires rotated. And coincidentally my starter went out as they were finished. They pushed my car into a parking spot and tried with everything they had to jump start my car. (We all thought it was just the battery because it was 4 1/2 years old) They had no luck. I came back the next morning after replacing the battery to see if the manager could do anything to get it started. He tried everything he could with no luck. All the guys were very helpful. Instead of just saying "sorry your on your own" they actually help. And as a female, when it comes to cars, you don't find that very often. Thanks discount tires for making my car troubles a little bit easier.
5	Friendly, Funny,Courteous and Efficient! Love it!This location is AWESOME. Worked with Donnie and he was super nice and got the job done quickly. Two tires needed to be replaced and he immediately made note of the warranties that I had on file and honored them with no issues what so ever. I went to the location near the end of the day but the service was still very fast. Every worker that I encountered was nice and respectful! Highly recommend!
5	I've been to the Chandler location twice before and wasn't especially happy with the service- not to say the service was negative in anyway but there wasn't anything memorable about it. I recently moved to Mesa, much closer to this location.I visited this location earlier this week after making an appointment online. I arrived several minutes before my scheduled time but was greeted promptly. There were a couple guys working the desk but Chris was the one who helped me out. He was informative and straight forward. The main reason for my 5 star rating was the quickness of service.  I had two tires changed and rotated (at a reasonable price) within 30 minutes. I expected to be waiting for much longer and was extremely surprised at the turn around time. Chris had mentioned it was because I had scheduled an appointment. Should I need anymore tire help I will definitely be back to this location.
5	Discount has been my "go to" tire shop for a few years now. I've lived a few places around the country and have experienced a few different locations, this one by far sets the standard! It's an extremely busy location and they're up front about that. If you don't have an appointment they immediately let you know if it's a long wait and that you'll be better off making an appointment for another time. If you have an appointment that wait goes right out the window! No pressure sales, they do their job and inform you when you're getting close or maybe even past the point of needing new tires but leave it at that! But, know that if you have the tire warranty it ends when the tires get to a certain tread depth. They'll make sure you're aware of that as well! As long as I'm in this area, this will be my shop!
5	Rolled in at 550pm, asked about their best tire for my application and the sore manager was on it!!! They are finishing up the fitting now and I'm about
5	free rotations and tire repairs - and it was quick.
