5	We had a great time here picking out furniture for our twin boys Marshall and Mathew.  the sales staff was great and knew the product very well.  We always try to support the small business owner, and i would advise other people to use this shop because of the great individual service.
2	Baby Stop is a very clean and well-organized store in the Paradise Valley Mall area. My wife and I stopped by there because we wanted to shop at a local store and support "the scene" rather than drop a bunch of coin on baby furniture at some soulless chain store. But like anything in life, you have to accept the good with the bad.We were shopping for a crib, a dresser, a rocking chair and a stroller. The selection is great, and the owners are EXTREMELY friendly and helpful. They gave us some honest opinions about the product that really helped narrow our choices. Their prices seemed reasonable given the ridiculous markup for baby furniture, and they were enthusiastic about making sure we got what we needed.Unfortunately, that's as far as my good comments go. I want to give Babystop 5 stars, but I'm holding back because of delivery issues associated with the ~$3,000 worth of stuff we bought. We went WAY past buying a stroller, my friends: The order included a Romina nightstand and dresser, a Bonavita convertible crib (becomes a full bed), a Braxton Swivel glider and a matching ottoman. The Romina products are the top of the line.We purchased everything at the end of March, and our due date was July 15. We received part of the order in late June/early July, but did not get the crib and dresser until YESTERDAY (August 2). The baby was born on time two weeks ago, so this was the last thing we needed to worry about in the process of having our first kid. Several frustrating phone calls were filled with misinformation about when the furniture would actually arrive; you'd expect a business bringing in a new line of product that is considered the BMW of baby furniture (Romina) to have its manufacturing and delivery dates memorized. As a result, owners said staff was disciplined about this issue and that it won't happen again. I believe them; I just wish we didn't have to be the ones who took a bullet for everyone else. (Come to find out we weren't the only couple waiting in vain for furniture that showed up 5-6+ months later.) As a result, Babystop delivered our furniture in 2 separate instances: once for the furniture it had in stock, and once again when the crib and dresser finally arrived. But to add insult to injury, the delivery crew forgot one of our items each time they came and had to run back to the store to pick it up. So yesterday, their 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. delivery window turned out to be 3 p.m. to 4 p.m. We spent all day waiting.To be fair, Babystop owners tell me they're a new shop that took over an old shop that was going under. I think in time they'll have their "sea legs" under them. But from our experience, they were extremely disorganized. My advice is to insist on speaking with an owner of the company and to get everything in writing before you leave.Kudos to Kate at Babystop for giving us a "loaner" crib and dresser to use until the real stuff arrived. We really appreciated it.
4	This is a lovely baby furniture store tucked away in an unassuming location in a strip mall.  To be honest, if I hadn't looked up the place on line, I would never have noticed it from the street.  The store is immaculate, organized and easy to maneuver.  They offer a wide variety of baby furniture, strollers, car seats and the like.  I walked in and was instantly greeted by a friendly employee. He asked what I was looking for and led me directly to the item.  The service was great, as was the selection.  Now they just need to find a way to get more people in the door.  I will definitely return.
4	Babystop's temporary location in the Agua Caliente Shopping Center off of 69th St and Shea is very impressive.  Not only do they carry top of the line baby furniture, bedding, accessories, etc... but they also have plenty of toys and additional baby / mommy items that you may (or may not need) if you're expecting!I called earlier in the week to inquire about the Romina line of furniture they carry, and then stopped by this evening to check it out in person.  I spoke to Dan on the phone and he happened to be the one working tonight as well and he was very knowledgeable.  Unfortunately, the line is a extremely pricey and above our budget, so we'll be purchasing our new nursery furniture elsewhere, but I still highly recommend checking out Babystop if you're in the market for quality baby stuff of any kind.  I'm sure I'll return in the future for additional needs or gifts for friends.
1	I have been to this store many times before. I have spent a lot of money over time. The service was good  to ok most of the time. The store is a bit too busy and too packed with stuff. The prices are on the high side. The sales ladies are very pushy. The reason why I'm giving 1-2 stars: They announced a  treasure hunt for kids from 4:30-8 on a Thursday for their opening night. No other details. I get my kids excited as the prize could be a tub full of toys. Since the drawing would be at 8 I thought I would come in at 7:30 so we have time to wait and see who won the tub. I call in at 7:15 to just double check the address as I was already driving for 35 minutes and would be there before 7:25. They tell me they were closing up shop and had already drawn a winner. I had to turn around tell my kids the store closed and drive back 35 minutes. They told me this was meant to be a 45 minute treasure hunt. Who makes a 45 minute treasure hunt for kids? The lady on the phone was ok . The owner was right there next to her as I could hear her instructions saying come back over the weekend and we will have more prizes. I'm already out with 3 kids, 10 minutes away and they tell me to come back?? No regards for their clients. Very sad with this experience. Imagine that I was just trying to time right so my kids didn't go crazy waiting in the store for the drawing. Just be aware that they just may close shop on you!
4	Babystop was another random find while I wandered the Agua Caliente shopping center the other day. This new location apparently JUST opened within the last two weeks and it is lovely! It is a nice, roomy space lined with shelving that is stuffed with various toys, books, and baby accoutrements. The showfloor itself is arranged with little vignette setups of different nursery and bedroom ideas. Everything is beautifully styled and the furniture is high quality and pretty. There was a LOT of bling and I was struck by the predominance of girly and gender neutral nursery options with fewer boy options (at least at my first glance) The thing that stood out to me most was actually the customer service of the saleswoman in the store when I visited. When I entered, she was helping an expectant couple consider various crib and bedding options. She did take a moment to greet me, which I appreciated, but then returned to her conversation with them (which I proceeded to eavesdrop on since I was the only other customer in the store and couldn't really avoid doing so) Her descriptions of the features of each crib, the options for different colors, finishes, and bedding as well as her suggestions and upselling of various elements - plush animals, decor - were all spot on and convincing. She took time to talk with them and feel them out about what they were looking for and then made recommendations based on those preferences. Having been through a similar process at Babies R Us a couple of years ago, where the sales person I worked with was basically a glorified order taker for my $2000 purchase of nursery furniture (a person who was surly, distracted, and slow), I truly appreciated seeing someone take the time  to really make the shopping experience a good one for these guests, even before the customer chose to buy from her. The pricing is likely a bit higher at BabyStop, but between the quality of their products and their staff, I can believe that it is worth it! Their selection of toys, books, and gifts was unique and they had a great selection of Petunia Picklebottom diaper bags displayed front and center at the entry. I can imagine this being an excellent choice to find a special shower or baby gift for a friend or loved one. I used to shop regularly for baby items at Giggle at the Scottsdale Quarter and was so disappointed that they closed a month or so ago. Although the aesthetics are very different (Giggle being more modern/minimalist, Babystop being more classic/elaborate) I would definitely recommend Babystop and plan to check it out again the next time I need to make a baby related purchase.
1	If I could give Babystop less than 1 star I would do so. We went absolutely overboard buying everything from our entire nursery set to a glider to baby toys at the old location. I spent thousands of dollars there. I was thrilled to find such a unique little shop and visited on a weekly basis as my excitement for my first child grew. One of the items we purchased was a small shelving unit with baskets that went in each opening. We selected the item we wanted and the owner went back to the back to get us one In a box. We came home and as we have a small nursery, put the shelving unit in our storage room until our daughter was actually playing with toys and we needed the storage. So today, about 6 months after we purchased the unit, I opened the plain brown boxes to find that while the baskets they gave us went to the piece we wanted, the unit itself was a completely different piece of furniture. I called the store and spoke with Carrie thinking she would take some action to rectify the situation, but all she did was repeatedly state that any items sold prior to the move were "final sale." I let her know that I understood it was a final sale, however the item I ended up with was not what she had represented it as, nor is it even one complete piece but parts to two separate pieces. She just repeated that it was a final sale and never once did she even say she was sorry for giving me the wrong item or even have an apologetic tone. I understand if they do not carry that line of furniture anymore, and I definitely should have opened it up instead of waiting several months to do so, but I would think that she would want to take some sort of action to correct THEIR mistake instead of getting huffy at the customer. An apology or a store credit would have gone a long way. Now I am left with a piece of furniture I don't want and the baskets that don't even fit this piece of furniture so I couldn't even sell it as a complete piece. This is no way to run a business. I feel sick thinking of the amount of money I spent in her store and have never experienced such poor customer service in all my life. I am thoroughly unimpressed with Babystop.
5	I love this store!  They are a little on the high side of the pricing scale, but the quality of items is worth it if you decide to purchase it.I go there to purchase my "go to" baby shower gift...the Meeno Babies car seat liner.  I was also able to get my son's high chair and Uppa Baby umbrella stroller there at a discount during their 4th of July sale.  Everyone has always been very nice to me when I am in there and they always make a point of saying hi to my baby boy too.
5	Top notch store for any kids or baby needs. Hands down is better than any of the larger franchises. Staff is great and their toys go beyond just "fun" and are educational. I wouldn't shop anywhere else for my niece.
1	the owners are rude and awful.  They think they own the shopping center and they do not, the send people away, which is good, who wants to shop there anyway.  Great people that I know will not ever go to this place.  They would rather go to TOYS R US OR BABIES R US, which are cheaper and management and these stores are nicer.
5	I had a wonderful experience at Babystop. The product selection is fantastic, the customer service and knowledge of product is far better than you can get at Buy Buy Baby, and I wouldn't expect to get a BMW at a Volkswagen price. They carry a lot of exclusive products that you can't even find elsewhere. Also, I frequent other stores in the same center and heard from another store owner that  a previous negative reviewer is a friend of a business that was on a month to month that was...Well, I'll let everyone else decide. I think the store is GREAT!
1	Owner and some of the staff are rude and have no customer service skills. They are more worried about making a sale and rippiing you off then offering good customer service. I went in to purchase a glider/chair in which they offered a discount to me since it was a floor model and sent to a customer with not all the options they had ordered. I asked them to have the owner call me when she got in and I never got a call back so I call them and the staff told me it would be one discounted price and the owner gave me a completely different price. They said they would call me back and never did hence they most likely do not want to honor the first price given to me. I will not go back to this store ever nor will I recommend it.
5	This store is top of the line in so many ways. The sales floor is spacious and inviting. All of the sales staff are helpful and knowledgable about baby products. The selection of items is amazing, all top quality and a lot of it Made in the USA (very important to our family). This is not a big box store at all. Such a pleasant experience!  Definitely going back!
5	I have a few friends that shopped here for all their furniture needs for their first baby. I like to support local stores and not the mass chains.I came in looking for a baby gift for a friend and was pleasantly surprised. Loads on offer - from diaper bags, plush toys, layette and all at different price points.I luckily found a few items to gift for the baby shower , thanks to the sales staff that asked plenty of questions and worked within my budget to find the perfect gift.Highly recommend this place for all your baby and toddler needs.
5	What an amazing baby store! My mom and I visited Baby Stop in search of a rocker or glider. When we walked in we were blown away by the selection of all of their wonderful baby lines and products. We saw a glider right away, and the staff worked with us to ensure that the chair would match the furniture I had previously ordered for my nursery. They looked online and through their sample books until we found a sample of the wood for my crib. We all agreed that the chair would be perfect, so we purchased it! The staff is friendly, helpful, and dedicated to high quality baby products. We will definitely be giving more of our business to Baby Stop and would recommend them to anyone in search of baby gear!
5	I LOVE THIS STORE! I don't even know where to start. My mom and I came in here a couple of weeks ago and I was blown away. The store is so cute how it is set up. They have such cute decorations, bedding, beds, clothes, toys, etc! I was just stopping in to look around and to get ideas, and I fell in love with the store and the owners. They are very knowledgeable, and very friendly people. Kate was amazing and helped me out tremendously! I ended up buying my baby bed, dresser, and some other odds and ends. I also found the CUTEST, SOFTEST, MOST UNIQUE baby bedding I have ever seen! Me and my family are in love with the bedding. I see people on here say its pricey, but what baby item isn't? Buy Buy Baby and Babies R Us can be just as pricey, plus you are paying for the quality at Baby Stop. Kate only has the best of the best baby items on the market.All in all I absolutely adore this store and will be going back very very soon! I support my local baby store! :)
4	There always seem to be the hottest girls here haha.But on a serious note, great Babystop, come here all the time. Just to wander around looking for a deal, check the inner aisles for the clearance section. They even have on in the electronics section! Awesome.
