5	I have known Jason for several years, and I am very comfortable referring my friends, loved ones, and acquaintances to him  when they are in need of professional counseling services.  However, this post is for you; someone who may not have have met Jason in person.  You might be searching for a credible professional counselor personally, or maybe you're looking on behalf of someone you love or care about.  You might have a bunch of questions, or maybe you're not sure where to begin.  Either way, I recommend that you start by calling Jason because he is easy to talk to, he pays attention to what you are saying, he is experienced working with men & women individually, or as couples,  he is reasonably priced, and you can count on him to be firm, fair, and honest with you.
5	I interned for Jason when I was working on my master's degree in Counseling. Jason was absolutely outstanding as a supervisor and  counselor. I liked to just sit and watch and learn as Jason counseled people. He has such a empathetic, understanding way about him and really connected with the people that came in. He would work with people to determine their goals and design thoughtful, individually-tailored plans to work toward those goals. He has quite a toolbox of counseling techniques. I saw Jason work with quite a diverse population, but he is especially adept with men's issues and relationship-related issues.  I think the most outstanding trait about Jason that makes him such an exceptional counselor is that he truly cares. He is passionate about what he does and really strives to empower his clients to reach their goals and better their lives. If you're looking for a counselor - some relationship help, some guidance, someone to talk to, go see Jason. You'll be glad you did!
5	Jason is a great therapist. I have been to a few good ones over the years so am speaking from experience.
5	I've known Jason for 10 years. He is the consummate professional. Some folks fall into their professions because they think it's what they'd like to do, others have a calling to it. Jason is of the later group. He has an uncanny knack for identifying the "real", not superficial or projected behavioral barriers people have to personal growth. What I respect among many things about Mr. Fierstein is that he is not about the money. Sadly, in the medical profession I know of many providers of health care that will string clients along whether they are providing any true service or not as long as it's good for the bottom line. Jason's desire is to make a lasting impact in a person's or couple's life for those that are serious about confronting the real issues. More often, people are NOT aware of the real driving force behind harmful language or behavior to themselves and their relationships. Once Jason identifies these issues he passionately commits himself to progress with a willing client. Some clients aren't prepared for this and may react defensively from the same emotional "space" their problematic behavior stems. Counseling works if your serious about the effort it requires. Work IS required to overcome detrimental behaviors that you may have been straddled with for years. Jason has the facility to adapt to a counseling method that he estimates will work best - conventional and less so. I've always had the utmost confidence in his consultations. I give him my highest professional recommendation. Sincerely, Dr. Mark Tosca, Board Certified, Family Medicine
5	As a Matchmaker, I am sometimes meet with single men or women who need to do some work and healing before they can have healthy relationships. Jason Fierstein is my top referral. He's clear, patient and knows his stuff. I always get great reviews back.I highly recommend Jason for men who want to talk to an experience and knowledgeable counselor. He's great!
5	As a Phoenix divorce attorney, I was thrilled when I was introduced to Jason as a resource for struggling family law clients. Not only does Jason have the education and training (necessary) to help individuals experiencing personal and relational transition, but he also has "heart." Jason is a good listener (as all counselors should be), but he also is able to give honest and thoughtful feedback. This feedback has the potential to propel people  to a higher personal level, if they are willing to do "the work." I highly recommend Jason to any person needing individual emotional support!
