4	Drive thru line is almost always only a couple of cars at the most.  I like that JIB serves breakfast all day.  Sometimes it takes a while to get a breakfast item though because they have to cook it to order. Which is fine to me.  I wish they would post the specials near the drive thru menu board.  Like the ones they have posters up on the windows.  Reason being is that if you come in from 32nd st, or from east on washington, you can't see the posters.
2	Its just a jack in the box in the ghetto. I get the jumbo Jack with cheese and I like the egg rolls.  Last time through the drive thru I asked for ketchup.  I get back to work and their are three packets in the bag . WTF? I need way more than that.  Then they ruined the fries by adding way too much salt.
2	The line was empty at the drive thru, yet the cashier had this pushy, rushed tone to her voice. I asked for an order of fries and a sprite. Once I got to the window, she took extra long to get to me even though there were no cars in front or behind me. I'll assume it was because she was taking great care with my order. Once I gave her my card she gave me my food, I collected my card, and I left. When I exited I looked to see if perhaps there was a car who was giving a long order and no no one was there. Oh well. It's fast food after all.
1	Just downgraded it to one star. There is always some kind of issue I have with this location. I ask for ketchup but don't get any or I ask for two sweet and sour sauce and get only one. Today the diet coke tastes like they dumped cheap cologne into it. Gross! I need to stop coming here just because it's close to work. Stay away.
1	This place is not very good. I quit eating here after the second time I found hair in my food
2	Wasn't to happy with the cleanliness of this location. The floor needed mopping and had a lot of flies. Wanted to give the kids apples with their kids meal, however they only had enough for one? I ordered a chicken salad, and they were out of the salad dressing that comes with the salad. Noticed a lot of transient traffic at this location. We all still ate, and it was fine.
