5	I love this little hotel! This place is about in the middle of no where literally. There is one grocery store and two bars. This place is next door to one of them and less than 20 minutes from Roosevelt lake. I stay here in the summer, the winter and any time I want to get away from Phoenix. The rooms are clean and the service is great.
2	My family attended a wedding in Tonto Basin this past weekend (Congratulations Sarah and G.W.) and we were guests at the Tonto Basin Inn. From the moment we arrived to the moment we left, Carol Duke and her husband were so incredibly rude and after speaking with other guests, it seems neither of them are people persons!       The room was not the worst thing in the world but the sink leaked and soaked everything once the water was turned on. The shower was a hit and miss where some showers had decent pressure and others, hardly any at all. Mid shower for my husband, all water pressure went away and started dripping only out of the bathtub nozzle rather than the shower head. That's never a good thing! Don't expect many toiletries here, other than a little packet of conditioning shampoo and the smallest bar of soap ever! Don't bother trying to get any kind of service either because it's a help-yourself-to-the-maid's-cart which is left out all day and night. I did like the hard mattress and the air conditioner in our room was the best A/C, especially since it was just a window unit.  WiFi didn't work for anyone in our room but probably because everyone in the other 15 rooms were probably trying to use it, too.      Although the owners lacked any kind of personality and were rude and unfriendly, the inn itself was not that bad. If you're planning on staying here, just keep in mind what you're in for when it comes to the Dukes. (Killing them with kindness doesn't work either!)
3	Clean rooms, convenient BBQ grills, and recommended an awesome boat mechanic who was available on 4th of July.  For the price, you can't beat it! The Tonto Basin Inn made our 4th of July weekend.
