5	TIS was definitely my favorite bookstore! It always had all my books, with used and new options. Reserving books online was definitely a time saver. It has a year round t-shirt deal, 3 for $20...hello Illinois t-shirt obsession, I now have over 20 Illinois t-shirts (I'm really serious). Sweatshirts are a little pricey here, but they tend to cost about the same at the other campus bookstores too.  During the book purchasing rush, the store has plenty of cashiers, so the wait is never too long. Writing this review is making me miss TIS and college....
2	I used to love T.I.S. bookstore, but lately I am so far from a fan. I'm now an off campus grad student and I ordered a textbook for class in plenty of time which they decided to not ship because they assumed I would want to pick it up...umm hello check the adress! So I got the book super late and was unable to be prepared for class which, if you know me, you know that that really bothers me, I'm sort of anal. Also it took over 4 weeks to get the course packets all copied and sorted out, super ugh.
2	At the beginning of every semester, I compare prices among the three campus bookstores.  T.I.S. is almost always the cheapest of the three stores.However, I can usually find all my books for much cheaper on Amazon.com.  My Discrete Math book cost $125 (used) at T.I.S., and I found it for 80 cents on Amazon.  My recommendation: email your professors before the semester starts to ask what books you'll need.  Order the books on Amazon or eBay.
4	Definitely the cheapest book store on campus.  I wish Amazon was more popular/well known when I went to school, I would have saved a sh*tload on books.  Oh well.  I love coming here when I come back to campus - stock up on Illinois shirts - they are the cheapest here, there's always some deal.  One year they were giving out packets of kraft microwaveable mac & cheese with every book purchase.  Towards the end of the selling season, we saw boxes there, and they just let us take a box home :)  But if you want free stuff, the Illini Union book store always has nice big boxes of free samples at the beginning of each semester right outside the door by the bag check.But cheap when they sell means cheap when they buy back...
1	I was purchasing a book for a class that I was unsure about staying in. While checking out, I asked the sales clerk what the return policy was and she completely ignored me. I asked a second time and she acted like I wasn't there and continued ringing me up. My friend, who was with me in line, sees slips of paper behind the register with the return policy on it and takes one since it was obvious that the cashier was not going to speak to us and points out that the return deadline for all text books was a few weeks away. I complete the transaction and leave. After I drop the class and try to return the unused book two days later, I'm told that the item is nonreturnable. The manager pointed out the fine print in the return policy that listed many types of books that were nonreturnable. There were many paragraphs of text on their return policy and the part that listed the deadline for book returns was no where near the part that stated my book was nonreturnable. I pointed out that the cashier completely ignored my question about the return policy and the manger, beaming with pride, tells me that they train their employees to not answer any questions about their return policy! I don't need to explain how absurd that is. He goes on to explain that they "[...] expect our customers to know how to read." What does TIS expect us to know how to read, the lengthy return policy that is not provided to the purchaser until *after* they check out unless they simply reach around the register and take one? There are very good reasons why they don't provide the policy to customers--even when asked. Besides being able to sell books to students unsure about staying in their classes--if even a small number of customers took the time to read the lengthy return policy before they check out, the line would be hours long rather than the mere 45 minutes that it took for us. TIS is as sleazy as they come. Save some money and order online!
4	When I absolutely have to buy a textbook - as opposed to using Illini Book Exchange (http://www.yelp.com/biz/illini-book-exchange-champaign#hrid:HvgFgh3mJLa4Hei-WciE1w) - then I go to TIS.In my opinion, it's the cheapest bookstore on campus, tends to carry items other bookstores don't (such as certain course packets), and has a great rewards program.For each dollar you spend, you earn a point.  After earning certain amount of points, you qualify for different prizes.  There are several tiers with things like a free pizza from Papa Johns, free $25 gift certificate at TIS, free t-shirt, etc.They have new deals/sales each month, and a constant buy 1, get 2 free t-shirt section (though the "1" t-shirt costs roughly $23).One thing I don't overly care for (but understand the need for) at TIS is their super strict return policies.  You absolutely can NOT return course packets, reading packets, opened packets (anything wrapped up in plastic), EVER, and you're only given a week or two after the first day of classes to return books for a full refund.Another reason to make sure you sign up for their rewards card (other than the whole point thing) is that on your b-day, you get a free t-shirt!  You'll get an email a week or so before your b-day telling you to stop by to redeem your free gift, so make sure you do it!  You get to choose the shirt from their buy 1, get 2 free t-shirt section, and they always have a great selection there.If ever I need something for a class, I've always preferred TIS.  Their operations run smoothly, which is something you definitely notice the few days before each semester starts when EVERYONE's buying their textbooks.  Despite the super long looking lines, you whip through faster than you'd think.
3	Meh - not great, not horrible, just average. Very strict about certain aspects of buyback. If you get any gunk on the pages they don't buy it. Outdated? They don't buy it. Class doesn't use it anymore?  Sorry kid, out of luck. Basically, you'll find better prices (usually) than the IBS, but not as nice as IBE. I recommend buying online from Amazon Prime or abebooks.com first. I also suggest students use the rewards card TIS offers to gain an addition 10% buyback rate from the standard 55%.
1	I wish I could give 0 stars. Two days ago I purchased an iClicker here for $57.50 including tax. This afternoon I attempted to return the unopened product with the original receipt. I was told they could offer me $19.00 for it, as it was considered a "textbook" (for the record, an iClicker is an electronic device made of plastic and metal, and made up of 0% paper) and therefore not eligible for return after August, despite the fact that I had purchased it in September and not during August at all. The cashier who checked me out at the time of purchase also did not inform me that I would not be able to return it. In short, HORRIBLE customer service and I feel they take advantage of basically broke college students. Thanks for nothing TIS and I will be telling everyone I know not to shop here.
