4	So you want a good cup of coffee, homemade bakery items, friendly employees that remember your name along with what you like to order, AND complimentary wi-fi for customers?  Give this independently owned coffee shop a try.  Weekend mornings you can even listen to live music out front.
5	This place is all about customization and fresh ingredients. They have a newer house blend they call WAKE UP and it really does! What I like about their standard coffee is that they have different blends, so that you're not stuck with the flavor of the day, but rather if you like a milder cup of coffee, they'll get you what you want.The owner makes a lot of the breakfast pastrys too. When you can get it, the Pineapple Upside Down cake is delicious.They have music on weekend mornings and FREE wireless access.
5	I stop by here at least once a week on my way to work.  I've even made the bike ride on the weekends.  The Snickers Mocha is my favorite coffee treat!  I also enjoy the special seasonal blends that they recommend, like a chocolate cherry something I enjoyed around Valentine's Day.  The customer service is five stars, as the staff all smile and look me right in the eyes while addressing me by name and asking about my day.  I just love that personalized touch!  The seating area both inside and outside is lovely for a leaisurely morning.  No worries if you're in a hurry though, as the staff cheerfully blends my drink and presents it to me in less than five minutes, every time, and there is never much of a wait, even though they prepare everything fresh.  The baked goods and sandwiches are also delightful, especially the pumpkin slices!  There are even bottled waters and juices, for those who prefer something cold and fast.  I've heard great things about the ham and cheese croissant as well.  I've never loved a coffee place this much!  The speed, customer service with a smile, and delicious drinks make this an obvious win over Starbucks any day of the week!!
5	Good:Excellent customer service, those ladies are about as nice as you can be without sounding fake. They always remember my name.Good suggestions, I refuse to learn what all those coffee terms mean, blended, cappuccino, whatever. I just tell them I want something cold, sweet and with a kick, and they always recommend something I end up liking. I've been on a pumkin something run lately. It rocks. Free wi-fi. None of that bs that other places do.Bad:I can usually find at least something to complain about but I'm coming up short here. I havent tried the food yet so who knows. Try it out!
5	Uh, one of my favorite coffee shops I've ever been to. Free Wifi. Word. Delicious breakfast pastries. Word. Customized coffee blends that set you on FIRE! WORD!Friendly and knowledgeable staff that are way more cool than they are annoying. Word up. I just found out that I like marshmallow syrup. Uh, word? Word.
5	It is delish, down right to the bottom of the cup delish. But really good coffee is only part of the equation in making for a great coffee spot. The rest is the bakery items and the folks behind the counter. Arizona Coffee Connection makes it 5 stars on both fronts. The owners are both behind the counter 7 days a week, always with a smile or grimace depending on what you are looking for and up for a few words or dead silence if that is your preference. The baked goods are homemade and tasty. They change with the seasons and you will find pumpkin bread and fall inspired buttery goodness. They are open late a few nights a month and it is lovely to sit out in the night air with a hot cup, a snack and chatting with others hanging out on the patio. I highly recommend it.
5	I tried the food. The croissant ham and cheese and the turkey and cheese are a little greasy, but they hit the spot. The bagel egg bacon and cheese sandwich ok too. I still really like this place.
2	Stopped in here a couple days ago for a coffee and cinnamon roll.  Very friendly service.  Coffee and roll were good.  Atmosphere kinda cold and strip mall ish for my taste however.
4	Randomly popped in here before a hair appointment and was very impressed with the service.  One of the owners helped us, and took plenty of time to help us make up our minds about the order.  We sat at their outside tables and enjoyed our drinks.  Plan on going back and trying some of the food as well.  Did not try the wi-fi, but may make this a new place to work on homework from!
5	Absolutely fabulous espresso place! The owner and staff are gracious and friendly, but most importantly they get coffee! I didn't have to explain how to make an espresso macchiato -- they just made it perfectly! I'll be here every time I visit Chandler!
5	I love mocha cappuccino frozen (blended) with a little whip on top. I get it everywhere I go. Starbucks' Frappuccino USED to be my best bet for a consistently great mocha but after sampling this place I have to say that I've had to change my mind. The service was excellent! These ladies really have it right and they always have a smile for me when I come in. They even had me try some samples last time I came through. I love the personal service and I really love the best blended Mocha Cappuccino that I've ever had. It isn't too sweet and it isn't too "coffee". They drizzle Ghiradelli's real chocolate all over it. It is perfect. Watch out Starbucks!  These ladies have got you beat on service, price and taste! Oh and they "speak Starbucks" so you can order what you would normally order at Starbucks and they'll make it for you no questions asked.
5	This is where i used to get my coffee rush on the weekends. Excellent service and very friendly. To top it off, they knew/remembered my name! Mocha and Pineapple upside down cake!!!Too bad they will be closing...
5	RIP AZ Coffee Connection.  :(  I stopped by two days ago unaware that they had closed.  I am severely bummed.  This place is irreplaceable!  Damn you, Starbucks and McDonalds!
5	I'm sorry to say that they closed their doors for good just a few weeks ago!
