1	We just had our baby girl 3 days ago, and because of circumstances during her first couple of days with us needed to see a doctor in the following couple of days.  We chose this office because of a recommendation we received and made an appointment with them just before we left the hospital.Unfortunately, getting everyone ready in the morning took a bit longer than we expected and we were running a bit late.  We called the office to let them know that we were running late and we were told that we couldn't come in and had to reschedule our appointment.  We also came to the understanding that if we had just showed up at the office late that they would have seen us, but because we called them to be courteous they turned us away.The woman that my girl friend spoke to on the phone to notify the office that we were running late was utterly rude to her, and I assume that I spoke to the same person when I called - because she didn't seem to have any interest in making things right.  Clearly this tells me that:a.) This office does not have my daughter's best interests in mind.b.) They are unprofessionalI was shocked that they didn't seem to care about my daughters health, that they didn't want our business and that they acted so unprofessionally.  I'm glad that I was able to find another doctor's office who was willing to immediately fit us in, even though they were booked for the day.  If anyone finds themselves needing a pediatrician go with East Valley Pediatrics, not these jerks.
2	Dr Novy is excellent but office staff is horrible. Not friendly, rude, judgemental and seriously so many other good doctors out there with better staff. Stay away
5	The doctors here are very experienced and worth the visit. Saturday appointments really help with our schedule . We have never had any issues and our daughter has been with this group since she was little. She is 16 years old now and they treat her  just as well now as when she was 6. Give them a try, you will love them.
5	Extremely caring practice. The doctors and staff are very good with our kids. We have been seeing them for 8 years. I recommend them for newborns and the great care they have taken over the years with our boys.
1	Staff is great!... Both doctors are NOT. They are culturally insensitive and seem to "tolerate" ethnic patients when I observe their interaction . Additionally, they act as though you are trying to diagnose your child when they ask you to describe the symptoms. I had two kids with strep and days later I came with my 3rd child which tested negative although he was running a fever, sore throat, and all the signs of the first two with strep.... but was diagnosed with a virus. I never voiced an opinion either way but she remembered me because I had been there twice within a week with my other kids. I did comment " once 1 child gets it, it seems as though the rest get sick" ( all parents know this) I guess this must of sent her on some ego trip because she wanted to keep mentioning a viral infection. ....shortened story, 4 hours later I took him to urgent care and the throat swipe came back positive for strep!!
