5	This is definitely my favorite cafe in Tempe and it's a short enough walk to hit it during a class break at ASU. The atmosphere is very comfortable and conducive to laptops and group projects. The staff is eager to please and the regulars seem low key and friendly.Coffee drinks are well-made and they have some nice food options. You can get a great cooked breakfast if you make it there before 2pm.
3	Exotic on the inside with deep red walls and comfy (if somewhat broken down thrift store furniture). The drinks are tasty and the staff understand the concept of Vegan. There seems to always be soymilk in stock (to help with that iced soy mocha craving) and they don't put whip cream on top by habit. I recently had a really good frozen lemon slush thingy that is now my new drink. They offer a vegan breakfast of scrambled tofu - the portions are large and include toast, soybutter, and jam, along with onions in the tofu. Overall the meal was a little bland, but I was so excited to even have a veg option that I didn't care. Music plays on weekend mornings..and its calm music. Parking is limited and about the only negative I can find here. You gotta park in the small lot in the back..only room for about 8 cars.So yeah, good place.[6/26/07 Edit. I had to remove a star from this place. A bunch of my friends loves this lemon slushie that they had on the menu. But we heard the staff comment about how much they don't like making this drink and then the blender "broke' so that they could not make it anymore. This blender has been 'broken' for the past 3 weeks now. Each weekend when we came in, asked for the slushie, was told that the blender was still broken. Now come on, a blender at Target is what, $20?   So, the tasty lemon drink is gone. ]8/19/07: Heads up everyone - This place is closed for the summer. I scheduled a meeting there of friends and arrived to find it closed and a note indicating they'd be open around when asu opened up again. So, don't bother driving there in summer.
5	Three Roots is the best cafe in Phoenix, without doubt. Interesting conversations abound, good healthy food is sold with the excellent coffees and teas, and cool images of Buddhas, Beck, and the work of local artists can be found on the walls. To add to the coolness, good magazines can be found in large piles in one room. They even carry one of my favorites, "What is Enlightenment?," which my eyes have not seen in the hands of another reader. Unlike my experience in most cafes, the music here has never disappointed me.Some bar seating is available, but most surround tables of various sizes. There are also comfortable couches and chairs upon which to sit. Because of the variety of seating, this can be a problem during heavy traffic times if you want to work on a laptop or spread out study materials on a table. Three Roots tends to attract an intellectual/alternative crowd like a good cafe should, although it's to everyone else's detriment that they don't check out what real cafe soul feels like.
5	I cannot for the life of me believe that I ate here three times in the last 10 days.  WTF?  I mean, it is close to ASU, it is good but 3 times!  Jeez! My OCD must be worse than I thought...Good coffee.  I am an iced mocha man, maybe you can tell by the mustache o' mocha that I wear most mornings...the mochas here are good.  Nice people.  Great service.  I had the berry pancakes and my companion had the french toast, both were really good.  The pancakes had lots of blueberries and lots of some other kind of berry...umm, blackberry? boysenberry?  snozberry?  who knows...who cares it was yummy.  The cake themselves were hippie-ish, a little gritty with some character, but I liked very much.  Breakfast is like $7.  Coffee, like $3.50. I had lunch there, a grilled cheese and veggie sandwich and some soup.  My only complaint is that the soup was a "rustic".  That is to say that the soup could have been pasta sauce...good pasta sauce, but not very soupy...it was still fresh, hot and delicious...so yeah.  The service is slow, but I don't care.  I want to linger at this place and read the paper and magazines (and listen in on other peoples conversations...really you are going to talk about Dubai for 45 minutes...cool)...the rundown...Food:  goodService:  nice, polite, cute hippie girls, don't pop in for a "quick lunch"Price:  around $10Would I go again:  I will be there this weekShould you go:  yes!  and bring a friend.
4	For those wanting to avoid the Starbucks and Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf joints of The AZ, head to this locally-owned Tempe find. It's a low-key place to study for your Bio exam or kick back with a good book. And there's a big living room area where throngs of people often congregate for study sessions and lively debates. The iced coffee drinks are delicious and although I haven't tried any of the food options, I've noticed they have a nice breakfast menu.
2	One word:  Overrated.  I like this as a convenient and un-chained place, but the coffee is only so-so and I've had some pretty awful iced teas here.  Some teas are just not good in iced form.  They should learn this and stop making iced tea out of whichever one it is that tastes like chemicals.  Also, while the vegetarian and vegan food selections are admirable, they aren't that good and are overpriced.  All of that said, I reliably run in to people I know while I am here, so that's nice.  And the lighting really does it for me.  I'm a fan of particular arrangements of lighting for particular moods.  Also, I didn't even know it had a name separate from "Frame Shop" (the framing shop next door) until two years after I moved here... and I walk by almost every day.
4	Thanks to everywhere on campus being closed, my teammates and I decided to hold our monthly meeting here today.  I am so glad that we did.  This is officially now my new study spot and I never would have found it without being taken here despite the fact I park in the parking lot across the street everyday.  Its cozy and warm (actually, it was downright hot inside) and laid back.  There are table and chairs, which would work great when writing a paper, or couches and comfy chairs which would be perfect when one has to read for class.  The service we received was friendly and the iced tea that they were brewing today (I forgot to see what it was) was really good.  Light,  but good.  All the food they were bringing out looked really good and I'm sure that next semester I'll be ordering quite a lot of it.  They also offer an assortment of hot teas, plenty of coffee and mocha drinks, Italian soda and lots of baked goods (although I'm fairly certain they are not baked there) for you to grab and go.  There is artwork for sale on the walls (some of it good, some of it bad), games to play (Jenga anyone?), books and magazines to read.  I would much rather give my money to a local business with a relaxed atmosphere than that awful Starbucks with its bitter African beans (my coffee snob husband swears that good coffee should not be bitter, it should be flavorful), bad tea, even worse hot chocolate and limited food selection.
5	This reminded me of being home in San Francisco... nice local coffeehouse with a cool Indie vibe.  The barista was real and friendly.  I hung out here almost all day and got a lot of work done.  They have lots of power strips and free wi-fi.I had a kick ass veggie burger.  And I had awesome tea, chai, and a cappuccino in a Small World coffee cup.I'd go back anytime.  Thanks, guys.
1	When I moved back to Tempe to attend graduate school at ASU, after having lived out of state for a number of years, I learned of the 3 Roots Coffee Shop from a couple of colleagues. I was warned right away that the 3 Roots staff could be a bit snobby/snotty, but considering the lack of decent coffee on campus and that 3 Roots happens to only be one block from my office, I decided to give it a shot; that was two years ago. Over the last two years I've learned that those colleagues who warned me about the snobs at 3 Roots were correct, but also that the coffee is good.Before I continue with my own personal reasons for giving this cafe a negative review, I will first cover some of the general points about it. As it has already been pointed out, the coffee at 3 Roots is a safe bet, and it's good quality. The staff, in general, is not as bad as the Soup Nazi, but it is the rule rather than the exception when a hipster barista acts as though they are too cool to be taking your coffee order and kicks a little attitude your way. The cafe has a reasonably vegetarian-friendly menu consisting mainly of sandwiches and soups, but everything on the menu is overpriced. The cafe's proximity to a campus that is laughably short on food options allows them to markup menu items to a point that a peanut butter and jelly sandwich and a cup of coffee leaves you with little change after paying with a ten dollar bill. The ambiance of the cafe is nice but can get crowded quickly, making it okay to read a book and take notes, but not great for a nice quiet lunch.Now for my own reasons. Until a couple of months ago, I also had taken on the role of telling people about the good coffee at 3 Roots and its nice bohemian atmosphere, but also hinting at the seeming disdain the staff has for its customers. But, it was a couple of months ago when I had an overpriced lunch at 3 Roots with extremely poor service that I decided I simply had had enough of the place. This incident is not what drove me to actually write this negative review for 3 Roots, while this incident was simply annoying, it was not all that out of the ordinary for the cafe and just happened to be the last straw for me. The incident that drove me to write this review was when my girlfriend, who recently moved to the area from out of state, decided to have lunch at 3 Roots last week and was treated to the insulting chauvinistic rant of a poorly educated hipster working the counter. It is my own fault for not fully warning her about about the staff at 3 Roots, but even I could have not prepared her for the inappropriate treatment she received as a customer. The manger/owner of 3 Roots needs to have a serious conversation with their employees about inappropriate boundaries being crossed with customers. At this point I will never go into 3 Roots again, nor will I recommend it to anyone; in fact, it will now be my job to warn every single person I can about the cafe. The coffee is not good enough to deal with the unprofessional and insulting persons serving it.
4	I spent a lot of time between classes here. I love the chai, and the food was just a bonus as I was sort of vacating the area... it seemed reasonable at the time. Vegan food is never cheap when it isn't just "accidentally vegan," if you know what I mean... ie vegan meaning a super simple or traditional food that meat lovers have reluctantly accepted as edible... sometimes. I had potato salad, which I hadn't had out in years, so I'd probably have paid anything. I think it's impressive they've found room to cook/prepare anything back there. It seems small. I never really go to a coffee shop when starving, though, so I guess I just view their offerings as little possible bonuses, not promises. That's not to say it wasn't good. It was pretty nice.
4	This is the ASU music school break spot.  The coffee is decent, and service is usually good.  They offer all kinds of veg fare and hitting up an egg sandwich in the morn is usually more than satisfying.  Go here instead of Starbucks you corporate junkies.
2	After hearing a friend talk about this place like it's coffee was gold, I decided to check it out.  I've been to 3 Roots at least four times and this is what I've confirmed (+ positive, - negative, -/+ neutral):-/+ Service is a 50/50.  Some baristas are awesome, some I'd like to slap back into reality.- Prices suck.  At 3 Roots I tried the pita/veggie plate and it was definitely not worth the nine bucks.  A few slices of carrots, broccoli and celery, a dab of hummus and a stale pita.  Gross.+ Vanilla latte.  At least they know how to make the most generic latte in the world.- I once tried their Irish cream.  I will never again ask for anything that sounds fancy.
4	Don't come here on Sundays, because I'm usually here trying to write my Great American Dissertation and will scowl at you if you make too much noise.  (Tho I don't scowl at the staff, who are friendly yet talkative.)  The parking lot is small and often crowded.  However, I've parked in the adjacent lot behind the closed bike shop, and have not yet been towed or ticketed.
4	I like the coffee here much better than anywhere on Mill or on Campus (though not as much as Cartel, which is a bit further of a walk when you're at ASU). The food is alright, it can be a bit pricey, but it seems like they've also tweaked their prices a bit recently. Plus, local musicians like to play here, which is great. I haven't ever experienced any snobbiness from the staff here actually, and I've been here quite a few times, and I am not really a regular. Overall, Three Roots is pretty rad. The only gripe I have... and it may seem petty, is the outdoor seating. The patio furniture is just kind of an eyesore. Some nicer stuff that doesn't look like it's going to blow away during the next breeze would be awesome. Also, it's unfortunate that the patio is so close to Mill, sometimes it can get too loud to really even hold a conversation. I'm a smoker so I sit outside a lot, but this is one place where I'd rather hang out in the cafe. It's a lot purtier in there, anyway.Highlight: Walk or ride your bike here for breakfast.
3	It's not Starbucks is the best thing I can say about the place. I used to live nearby and would make this a regular stop on Sunday mornings. Pick up a bagel at Chompies and a latte at 3 Roots sitting on the lovely patio furniture enjoying the unusual quiet that can only be found at that time of day on a Sunday in downtown Tempe. Enjoy those fleeting fragile moments. The coffee is good enough, I always liked it. My previous issue was only ever that at the time I live in the neighborhood, there was only one size for an iced drink and it was served in stryo cup. Hopefully, that's changed in the last couple of years. The furniture is cheap and strangely "made over" to look eclectic and hip. Whatever. I've enjoyed a first date or two on a couch or bench in that room, but it seems like its always hot. From reading other reviews, seems many would agree.If you go, learn the way to the back parking lot through the alley. It's way easier to get in and out of that way. You can't make a left(north) turn from the front lot, so the alley provides you a north bound option. Plus, you can feel like you're at least 20% cool as the staff by knowing how to navigate the alleys of old Tempe. Personally, though the hipster vibe was alive and well, I never had anyone be a dick to me so it was fine. I doubt seriously they recognized me as one of their own, but who knows, maybe I looked enough like a resident to pass. Well, I was, so who knows.Overall, I like 3 Roots but I don't make a point of it when I'm in the old hood.
4	Convenient location, good coffee, and tasty vegan muffins & other baked goods. Lots of comfortable spots for sitting and chatting or doing work and free wifi. The only thing that upsets me is that the times I've been here, they didn't have a brewed fair trade option. If they brew fair trade regularly I'll definitely come here more often.
3	I have been here in the past for studying and it is okay for that purpose. It is not one of my favorites, but completely adequate. More recently, I went here with a friend because we realized they had breakfast options for vegans apart from oatmeal. She chose to get the tofu scramble, her husband got PB&J with bananas, and because I am not vegan, I chose to get the omelet with cheese and veggies. Our food took forever. I wouldn't go here if you're really hungry and not vegan. I realize the limitations of the space and staff, but it seemed to take an eternity for our names to be called. The staff was friendly, no snobbishness experienced on my visit. The coffee was a bit bitter. I'm no coffee connoisseur and I desperately needed the caffeine, so I finished mine with only a mild bellyache, but my friend couldn't even finish hers. Perhaps because they had no soy milk to put in her beverage like she is used to doing. Her husband had a vanilla mint iced tea that was incredibly tasty. The food: - I don't like my eggs dried out, but I know of people who can't stand the slightest bit of moisture in their eggs. The inside of my omelet was slightly too wet, not enough for me to send back, but another person probably would have. - The tofu scramble had turmeric for color and nothing for taste. My friend had to load it up with salt and pepper to make it palatable. - PBJ & bananas - no complaints. I applaud Three Roots for trying. There were no other breakfast options in the valley for a vegan. But I really wish they improved the quality of their options.
5	Man, I was looking for some coffee up late and I found what looks like an ideal place to go setup my laptop and keyboard and work some late night. The tables seemed generously sized, which is a must if you really want to read and type. Can't recommend this place enough. PLUS: it's got veggie friendly food! That's hard to find during daylight hours, but after 9 it's all but impossible in this city! Love this place.
3	Coffee is solid, dirty chai is pretty solid (especially with chai), but I really return to Three Roots for the snuggly this-is-my-bohemian-grandmother's-apartment, equally accessible for laptop-and-conversation ambience.  I don't like driving or parking here -- it's an absolute nightmare, so plan ahead -- but knowing that a delicious, chunky bowl of tomato soup and probably one of THE BEST grilled cheese sandwiches imaginable awaits me, I can usually deal.Also, ohgod, they have the most delicious muffins of my life, bar none, no lie.
3	A short while after posting my original negative review of Three Roots, the manager wrote me and apologized for the bad experience.  The manager went on to inform me that the too-cool-for-the-customers hipsters on staff were fired and replaced with a new staff.  I went back to Three Roots tonight after months of boycotting the place and I had a pleasant experience.  It was an open mic night, with people playing guitars and singing, and reading poetry.  The barista was friendly and my red eye coffee drink was delicious.  I am boosting my original rating by two stars.
4	The barista at three roots might have saved my life. The short story is that I live right by this pace and one saturday morning I found myself without my phone, car, and very, I mean very hungover. I was trying to find a pay phone to avoid walking 2 miles to where my car was. Yes I know two miles isn't that far did I mention how hungover I was? Well they don't have a pay phone at three roots but the barista was so nice and let me use her phone. Now this doesn't mean any cheapskate out there who wants to keep their minutes down should instead patron three roots it just goes to show the staff I experienced was great. Now to combat my hangover I said I needed the biggest, most caffeinated, iced beverage they offered. She said she had something but she warned me something like "its really bitter" I said "whatever". I think next time I will heed her warning because it was very bitter but I only have myself to blame. I will be back to tryout some other options and this time I will be sober.
4	Coffee is delicious and the ambiance is nice.  The service is SLOW, but they are nice kids working there.  For being such a homey place, they do keep it very clean. I haven't tried too much of the food.  They have a cool PBJ with pecans and honey.  The hummus is a good treat for veggies.  The muffins are $3 and not very large...Deserves 4* for effort and being a safe haven from the chains.
3	Oh, Three Roots. I have a very mixed relationship with you. I'd give you two stars if you were elsewhere, but location does matter...the fact is, this IS Tempe, and more importantly you're the only coffee shop (non-chain) within spitting distance of the Fine Arts building where I spend all my time. But you can be so slow! One time it took them almost an hour to make me a grilled cheese. Now, they make a very yummy grilled cheese, but I can't imagine why it could take that long... And it wasn't even that crowded there that day. I asked when we could expect our food a couple times , and they just kept saying "it'll just be a few more minutes..."-- that lasted for nearly the whole hour, even though I told them we had to leave soon to get back to a meeting on campus. (If they had just been honest about whatever was going on back there in the kitchen, then we could have canceled our orders and still had time to go get sandwiches somewhere else.)Meanwhile, whilst they slowwwwly grilled my cheese, they held onto my friend's cup of soup for 50 minutes instead of giving it to him, so by the time they finally handed over both meals, his was cold. Ugh. They should have comped both of our orders, in my opinion, because that's just what you do in a customer service situation when you mess up like that. I know--I've been there.Ok, that's definitely the worst example, but in general, I've learned not to go there if I'm in much of a hurry. On the other hand, they do have decent coffee and for the most part, the folks who work there are nice, if occasionally a little inept.Some things seem like a rip-off-- like charging $1 for a small packet of (not very good) Philly cream cheese to go with your bagel. (And they don't even spread it for you.)  They do cater to vegetarians and vegans, though, which is useful for many, I'm sure.So all in all, Three Roots could be better, but it could be worse. And if it was better, I suppose it'd be even more crowded during finals, so maybe I should be careful what I wish for... Nah, I still wish it was just a little better. But I'm sure I'll be back there again anyway, if only for lack of options nearby. Alas...
5	Three Roots just plain rules.The atmosphere is great and the cafe itself is cute and non-corporate. The food is surprisingly good and they make a ridiculously good soy dirty chai.
4	Their vanilla-mint iced tea is fantastic, they have several vegan options as far as food goes (including mac & "cheese", potato salad, brownies, muffins) and upon request the cook made the most delicious s'mores vegan cupcakes. I LOVE these guys!  Check out my more detailed review at: http://azsustainability.com/2008/06/05/three-roots-coffee-house-be-there-or-be-square/.
4	Great food and coffee! My favorite is just the good old fashion veggie burger. This is a good place to study, but kind of awkwardly quiet if you want to meet someone for lunch. I usually try to find a spot outside to avoid the quiet awkward conversation.
3	I went to Three Roots for the first time and at first I was pleasantly surprised by the atmosphere. However, the staff was kind of stand offish kind of like "what are you doing here" but I can get past that because I came in kind of late...not that its an excuse but i'll give them the benefit of the doubt. I liked that my latte came in a glass mug. save the enviornment and all that. My coffee was a little bitter but good for a latte. my favorite thing about the cafe was that it was really laid back and chill and i would definitley come back.
4	i used to come here with my roommate to grab an iced chai and do the crossword puzzle on our lazy, halcyon undergraduate afternoons, or come in for a warm breakfast and a cup of coffee, hungover after an amazing houseshow the night before back in the neighborhood.  this is that kind of place.great, relaxing place to do homework or study.  depending on the day and the time, you'll find professors, honors college kids, hipster bike folk - the whole gamut of the non-party-bro asu population.food is good, but a little overpriced, i think.  drinks, like any independent coffeeshop, depend on the barista, but i've never had a really bad drink experience here.  i especially like the dirty chai.
1	fuck 3 roots. I've been going there for about three years, and I really want to like it, but every time I go back I am reminded of why I hate it.3 roots wouldn't be so terrible if A) the employees had the first clue about what constitutes "good service" and B) if everything wasn't so wildly inconsistent.I remember a time, a couple years ago, when the food at 3 Roots was really, really good. they must have changed their recipes over time (or have perhaps hired unqualified kitchen staff), because things that I used to love ordering now suck. I got a grilled cheese a few months ago that was not actually grilled. it was toasted bread with cheese. and it cost me $6. what the fuck?moreover, it's rare to get a good drink at 3 Roots. of course, it all depends on who's making it. there doesn't seem to be a standard modus operandi among the baristas, so you never know if your drink is going to suck or not (more often than not, it will.) I do not like Starbucks, but they make better coffee for about the same price.worst of all, though, is the service. 3 Roots baristas wouldn't know good customer service if it was fucking them in the ass. there have been many, many employees at 3 Roots over the years, and almost every one of them has made it really clear that they couldn't care less about their patrons -- this is especially true if you aren't friends with someone who works there. (personal anecdote: a few years ago, I dated a guy who was friends with many of the baristas there, and when we broke up, one of them was an overtly catty bitch to me. awesome!) you will consistently be made to wait far longer for your food than necessary, even if you've just ordered soup that needs only to be ladled into a bowl. an hour's wait for a sandwich or veggie burger is not uncommon. you'll probably also have to ask for whatever side (chips or whathaveyou) was supposed to come with your food, because they'll probably forget to put it on your plate.oh, and good luck finding somewhere to sit around lunchtime.and on top of all this, they don't seem to be able to run a business and actually keep it open. they close for months at a time to do god knows what; I never know when they're going to be open, and it's really not even worth bothering anymore.
1	umm, so i was really stoked to try this place, and stopped by there one day after class. terrible parking situation, i had no idea where to park and didnt want to get towed. after driving around for 10 minutes trying to figure out which way was out and where i could park tow-free, i walked up and was extremely confused as to where the door to get in was. the one i tried to open was locked, and another one up front said use other door. it really bothers me when business are a.) difficult to find and b.) difficult to get in to.three roots. FAIL.
4	As far as chill coffee shops go, three roots is at the top of my list. It has a very laid back atmosphere. There is always pretty good music playing and cool local artwork featured. I like the mix of different tables, couches and chairs that gives the place a cozy vibe. It can get a little crowded there and is not always the best place for quiet studying but  is a nice place to hang out with friends. They even have a few board games. I am not a big coffee drinker but they do have a good assortment of teas, and I especially like their chai. I have also tried the veggie burger which was pretty good. Overall if you are looking for a cute coffee shop to hang out at I definitely recommend three roots.
3	Coffee: meh. Food: eh. I come here for the eye-candy, Zac Efron lookalike barista. Yeeeeoooowww! (hey, are you 18?)
4	Just found this cool little spot and Im diggin it! Always friendly staff, been 3 times so far. Coffee is good and the tea is hand packed into a cool little bag and you are good to go! Prices are good and more then fair for what you get! Free wi-fi and comfy seats. IT IS HARD TO FIND at first but there is a free lot just out back and a quick walk around and you are in! Try the carrot cake.... AWESOME!!!!
3	I feel like I kept gravitating to 3 roots out of convenience with my class schedule at ASU. Although I think the beverages are decent, I wish that they could be better. The food is pretty much the same. They do have a lot of vegan/vegetarian options which is appealing. Its a decent spot to work through some papers or study, and I would often find myself running into a professor or two. Overall, its really just a-ok, not spectacular, but a decent spot for a coffee and some studying.
2	Aw man, this place is all under new management and stuff.  The actual space looks way better since they remodeled, but the menu has jumped in price, but fallen in quality and quantity, and for some reason, the dirty chai was not as good as I remember it being.Also, they stopped making their own muffins.  Now they have those huge, come-in-a-pack-of-25 ones from Costco, and overcharge for them.
4	Great coffee, great character, fantastic location (for ASU folks - don't even THINK about trying to park a car here).  The food is good, though limited, and I'm not a huge fan of them now outsourcing their baked goods. Service can tend toward a little slow, but I think it's mostly due to a shortage of staff - there's only usually one person working at any given time.My biggest complaint about 3 Roots (and it's sort of a fake complaint), is that the art usually SUCKS. Amateurish, gaudy, underwhelming in general. I mean, you are right across from the Art Museum, the School of Art and the Schools of Design: get some decent wall fodder. Doesn't keep me from going there 5 times a week though.
4	This cute little, unassuming coffee joint is perfect for a chill, quiet spot to read, study, meet a friend, or just look at the cuuute barista behind the counter!  It has some fun art on the walls and a variety of rooms with different couch/table/chair setups for relaxing. Be prepared to wait for your drink, though, as the one barista working was not a in a huge rush.  I didn't mind, though... I had a "dirty chai," which is a chai tea with espresso in it.  Yummy, but too sweet for my taste.
4	Three roots is a very cool little place tucked away in a strip mall along mill avenue, circa the chipotle across from campus. Its the perfect spot to grab a snack and some coffee or tea and get lost in your reading or schoolwork.Every time i have been in here its so low key and mumblecore, which appeals to me. The decor inside is so reminiscent of old friends apartements and houses that it floods me with nostalgia when i walk in!the menu is pretty tasty as well, all decently priced. there are many vegan options which is a def. plus.
5	CLOSED! :(This place has been closed for about a year now. I'm still not over it. It was my favorite coffee shop to go study at. The atmosphere was calm and they were always playing good music. If any one finds a coffee shop with a similar atmosphere that is near ASU, let me know!
3	FYI - This place is closed. Has been for over a year.
