4	Take your time to browse and be open to new possibilties.  I purchased many used books at this shop, and plenty of sheet music, all for killer deals.  It's always a required stop on my downtown Urbana excursions.  Many used stores don't survive with high rents and chain competition, so please patronize your local used bookstore.
1	This used bookstore is impossible to navigate, and even as an experienced thrift shopper, I really cannot stand it. The books are in piles on the floor throughout the store, and there are no section headings or any kind of categorizing system, whatsoever.Granted, for any good thrifting experience, you have to take your time and really hunt for a bargain. However, there are no bargains to be had hear. Despite the twin cities of Urbana-Champaign being a college town and bursting at the seams with academics, it does not seem that many sell their used or unwanted texts here. There is just a lot of nonsense between these stacks. This also suggests to me that perhaps they do not buy books for reasonable amounts, while I would say that comparably they overcharge for the generally very damaged fare.If you are looking to buy or sell used books in the Urbana-Champaign area, I would highly recommend the Jane Addams Book Shop (www.janeaddamsbooks.com). They have a huge selection--three whole floors--which are clearly organized, provides an extensive leisure and academic assortment, and everything is a bargain buy. This is all not to mention the extremely helpful service of the new ownership, something that cannot be said of Priceless Books.
4	As there is only one other book store of this sort in Champaign, I suppose the comparisons with Jane Addams (in downtown Champaign) can't be helped.  While I appreciate the organization and atmosphere of Jane Addams, I have found far more gems in Priceless Books.  There is a high turnover on stock at Priceless Books, and I have been able to purchase all kinds of obscure manuals, anthologies, and critical essays there.  For those who love classical music, the store also carries a large collection of CDs.When it comes to price, I would say that Priceless Books and Jane Addams are comparable, though Jane Addams is usually more expensive for the type of books I read (classic literature).  Hardbacks are, of course, in a more expensive range (usually more than $15), but most books at Priceless Books are about half the cost of the original cover price, assuming the book was printed in the last 10 years.  Sometimes you can find real steals, as I was able to buy a limited-print anthology (still in good condition) for $13, whereas the original value of the book was around $60.If you have been spoiled by the modern bookstore (like Borders or Barnes & Noble), the general structure of this place would be a nightmare.  The shelves are literally so loaded by books that they look on the verge of collapse.  Printed labels used to designate themes for each section often do not correspond with the books actually found there (hint: look one shelf over and you'll likely find the section you want).Even given its faults, I can't help but call Priceless Books my favorite used bookstore in the area.  Each visit, I spend hours browsing its shelves, and I am rarely disappointed in what I can find.
1	The owner is a first class grump and the place is a mess. Minimum price seems to be $4.00 no matter what the condition of the book. Jane Addams books over on Neil St in Champaign is a much better experience all round.
5	Amazing collection of second-hand CLASSICAL CDs at great prices (typically $4 to $6 each).  The store is quite small so the CDs are shelved up to the ceiling but they are in alphabetic order by composer and easy to go through. I found some real bargains. Great store.
3	Very bad service bald man in the cashier was rude. Also don't bother bringing books here.I'm an avid reader who just finished reading yesterday two new books brought them here and they only offered me 3 dollars.not even worth the time coming here
