5	I went last night  to get some repair work done and this company helped me right away. They were so helpful and it is hard to find a company these days to spend the time to be helpfull. This man even did my repairs while I waited and since it only took him a short time he did not even charge me. I tried to pay him and he would not even take any money. How about that for service. I would recommend this honest repair company to everyone, SO lets all keep these kind of business people going in this economy. we need them.Thank You Thank You Electronic Repair Company on 11 st and Bell
1	Wow, what a complete ass the owner is. Walked in with a simple power board with some bad capacitors and he refused to even look at it. Went on a 5 minute tirade about the internet and amateurs and how he's sick of helping people and wasting his savings on this business. I just backed out of his cigarette-smelling store in disbelief. Stay FAR away from this nut.
5	Walked in at 3:30PM on Friday to see if they could fix a failed network component external power supply that appeared to have bad capacitors.After the gentleman at the ERC front desk popped the cover open and looked at what they were dealing with I was quoted a reasonable price for them to try to fix it and asked if I wanted to leave it with them or wait. I decided to wait.ERC fixed the power supply by replacing capacitors and had me back out the door in about 25 minutes on a Friday. I was able to get back to my office in time to install the repaired power supply on the network device without any interruption to the start of my weekend.I will definitely be giving ERC my business for these types of repairs in the future. If they can fix it it's cheaper, faster and easier than used/refurb parts from eBay or unknown internet vendors and hoping the item is as described.
5	Have taken several television sets into this shop and every time I have gone there they have been wonderful! Have used them for 5-7 years and they have been able to fix everything, even an old tube type radio! Its hard to find places like this that actually repair things, with people this nice these days! I do not even think about going to any other shop these days.
