5	Oh, I really wish I wouldn't have discovered this place. Tried different locations around town with the same great results. Love their sandwiches. i dream about em I swear.   Love the Capastrami and the Bobby is very good too. Their sandwiches remind me of the grinders at this little joint that we ate at while we were in college.(So many years ago that my memory may be fading) Oooey gooey yummy!
3	after my day started at 0 dark thirty, by 12:30 i was faminous, stopped by this place next to the gas station to order a quick lunch.  One absolutely beautiful, kind, ingenue took my order to eat in. i originally wanted their "bobbie" altered to include turkey, cran sauce but no stuffing but instead ordered their cheese steak served hot (it's actually cold in vegas today). i ordered a small plus a drink. $9.00 and 10 minutes later, i got a huge sandwich (i could only eat half).  Had to change the order to go becoz of how long it took (waah!) but the bread was really soft, and what was stuffed between it was really fresh meat, grilled onions and american cheese plus veggies ordered at my request. IMHO, a little expensive for a lunch sandwich, but the small is really large for what you get. p.s. on my order chips were extra, and there's no "name-brand" kinds, they only order Wise brand chips (the kind out of the vending machine you get at rest-stops along highway routes) LOL
5	I'm not a huge sandwich fanatic but my hubby's work is right across the street from this place so he is a frequent customer here.  Last night he brought home his leftovers.  Half of a homemade turkey sub.  Wow.  I was surprised by how good it was.  The bread is perfectly soft and chewy.  And the turkey is real turkey.  Not deli meat.  In fact I was so enamored that I asked him to bring me my own sandwich on his way home from work today.  So today we tried The Bobby.  O-M-G.  Homemade turkey, stuffing, and cranberry.  SO GOOD!  I think I could eat it everyday.  Seriously.  What a great lunch/dinner option.  I'm so excited by the discovery of this place.  I can't wait to try their warm sandwiches.  I don't think I can ever go back to Subway or Port of Subs.
5	Mmmmmmmm Bobbie.
1	I love Capriotti's, the Bobbie is AMAZING if i were to rate them in general, i would give them 4.5 stars.  I get cravings for it all the time ..which brings me to explain why i am giving this particular location 1 star. This location, which is a part of a gas station (???) is the closest one to where i currently live and the two times i have gone there with a wild Bobbie craving, at around 7:30 PM, BOTH times, they were "CLOSED.  Out of bread"....WTF? what kind of sandwich shop "runs out of bread" and then closes at 7:30???   Do they not bake their bread fresh on location? Otherwise, how could they possibly run out?? Not cool.
3	This location is right beside a gas station (?) and unfortunately, the floor reflected that.  I tried the Cheyenne Capriotti's a while ago and noticed that the floor was on the dirty side....came here because it was convenient and alas, another dirty floor.  Black bootmarks and everything.  My sandwich itself was very good (got a veggie cole turkey), but I'm a bit of a clean freak snob.  I believe that eateries should be as clean as possible, at least in the visible areas!  Who knows how sanitary the kitchen is?  First impressions count!I'll have to try another Capriotti's location to see if the floors there are any better.  The sandwiches are quite yummy, which is the most important thing!
4	I'm happily impressed with the friendliness of the staff at this location.  The last time I ordered a takeaway sandwich, I used a survey receipt coupon (fill out a survey, get a few dollars off your next sandwich) and the lady behind the counter seemed genuinely pleased that I did that.  She also gave me a free brownie.  :)  I'm a sucker for bribes, especially when they consist of baked goods.  Still not too taken with the less-than-immaculate floors, but the sandwiches are on point and I haven't incurred any illnesses from eating them!  I'll continue to order my Bobbie until my body rebels in some form or another.
4	My friend had raved about these sandwiches being amazing. They did not disappoint. The service was quick and friendly. The bread was perfect! They even offer tasty cakes as a dessert. The only thing that I would have liked is if they would have offered a 5" or 6" option.
3	Capistrami great as always. The service end... No friendly greeting, basically ignored for 5 minutes until they even ask if I needed to order. And no, it wasn't busy at all. The older man named James, who seemed to be in charge, rang me up while refusing to take my $3 off survey code cause it was from another store. Doesn't say anywhere on there it has to be used at the same store, and I've been allowed to do it at other stores. Guess I'll be avoiding this location. Also, the employees usually say thanks out loud when tipped... Either they didn't get tipped the entire time while I ate my sandwich there or they're just not appreciative of our business.
4	Travelling to Vegas you always get hit up on places where you should eat!  If you want some good fast food sandwiches for a quick lunch, this is a good spot if you ask me! Like everyone said, tried the Bobbie and it was awesome!  Expect a tryptophan nap right after though, cuz it's Thanksgiving dinner in between buns.  And those buns can range from 6 inches to 20! (that's what she said).  The Capastrami was also good.  The market seems pretty saturated when comes to sandwich chains, but these unique sandwiches will make me go back.  Eat up!
4	I don't know why I love sandwiches so much. Maybe it's the bread. Or maybe its the whole eating with your hands thing. I used to go to Subway but Subway needs to step it up because Port of Subs has eclipsed them, and I also have enjoyed Capriotti's.  I used to come here on my way home from work and order a salad or a sandwich. I've also ordered delivery from them. The Bobbie is Thanksgiving on bread and fun to eat. They don't have a whole lot of variety, though. I'm never able to order anything hot at this location.  So, this place is like a diner - no, it's one of those holes-in-the-wall places. But it's bright and clean, and the staff have always been very friendly. It's a nice place.
5	I am a true Capriotti's fan. I have eaten at almost all the locations in town. I eat at this location every week and sometimes twice a week. When I walk in they know me by name and are always friendly. This location on Town Center is attached to a gas station. it has plenty of room inside unlike the other locations to sit and enjoy one of their tasty options.The one thing I have noticed is that not each location is consistent with how the food comes out. This location is. I do know they hand make each meatball everyday for the meatball subs. I have only tried the meatball once and personally wasn't a fan. If you have never had a "Bobbie" then please try it at least once. If you love a Thanksgiving meal then you will really love this one. When people complain about it not being hot or not having gravy I wonder why they came here and ordered a bobbie?! There are lots of places that have a similar sandwich but Capriotti's invented the one and only bobbie and it doesn't come hot or with gravy!The Capastrami (my fav) is perfect. When I order it I know it will be to perfection and each bite heaven. I have eaten two this week!I never ever have an issue with the Italian sub. It is just a winner every time and perfect if you are heading up to Red Rock for some hiking as a picnic lunch. The Wise chips are a very excellent addition to your sandwich. The "Honey BBQ" is what I like to get when they aren't sold out.You can call ahead your order for pick up. That is what I usually do because lines can be very long especially during lunch.  They cater.
5	As good as it gets. whis we had them here in Michigan
2	Was meaning to try this place for a while. Finally tried it. Was not worth the wait. I don't know what meats they used for their Italian sub, but one looked like roast beef. Roast beef should not be on a traditional Italian sub. Bun and lettuce were soggy and fried onions had no flavor. Sub was just blah. Service was friendly.
4	Was back in town recently visiting the old neighborhood and decided to drop in here for a bite to eat.  I miss Capriotti's, so it was nice to be able to taste my fav....the Capastrami....yum!I like this location because it's usually not too busy, so I can find a place to sit down and grub.The Capastrami was as good as I remembered it....heaven!Return Factor - 80%
5	The finest steak and cheese in or out of Philadelphia, there I said it! Now the only reason to go to Philly is to visit Benjamin Franklin's grave. Also the "Capastrami" is unreal. Great staff. The only other thing I can add is that this place is painfully good. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	delish.cheese steak. to die fori always get the same thing so i cant speak to any other sandwich BUT i havent met a person who doesnt like this placei've been to 3 LV locations and theyre all amazingthis one is great, easily accessible, enough room inside, clean, friendly.i'm salivating just thinking about it
3	I have two words for you; The Bobby. Warning! Do not operate heavy machinery after eating this sandwich. You will be in the itis within 20 minutes. Fresh baked french bread, succulent daily roasted turkey, stuffing, cranberries, and mayo give you a creamy and hearty sandwich. The small, which is more than enough for me for two meals, rarely lasts until meal 2 as it's so freakin' delicious. I'll wrap up half of it and find myself picking at it. I order extra mayo/extra cran (no additional charge) because otherwise, it's too dry for me. When people try mine with the extras, I've been told that it's too wet, so it's mostly my personal preference. This location also sells TastyKake and Nothing Bundt Cake which are nice, light dessert options after such a heavy meal. I haven't fallen in love with any of their other sandwiches. Whenever I got outside my comfort zone to try a new one, I always feel like I made the wrong decision and should have kept to my tried and true. I love that they use plain butcher paper to wrap the subs. This way, you won't have ink smears on your hand if the sandwich goos out the side.
5	Great sandwiches, a Las Vegas standy.
4	First impressions are the most important.I am so glad I stopped by this location. The lady that runs the front counter is so freaking funny.I didn't know what to order when I got there. I saw Italian sausage and I just went for it. It comes with marinara sauce, onions, and bell peppers. The subs are above average they definitely have a better taste and the onions were so freaking good. The location is very clean attached to a 7-11.
4	If I could rate with half stars then this would be 3.5 stars from me. My wife is addicted to Capriotti's but I don't share the same joy. Being from Southern California you can't call the pastrami here a true pastrami sandwich. First off all the Capastrami comes with coleslaw and Russian dressing on it... YUK! The cheesesteak here I eat during the colder months but it as well can't be called a true cheesesteak. The cheesesteak here is more like crumbled beef and you wont find any whiz here to add to it either. What I do like here is the Italian sandwich and the Italian Sausage. Sandwiches come in 3 sizes from small, medium and large. The large is 20 inches so you will need a appetite or someone to share with.Italian Sandwich..... Has  genoa salami, capacolla and prosciutini. You can have all the standard stuff added to it like pickles, onions, lettuce etc. I like the sweet crushed peppers on this sandwich they have a pickled flavor but a nice kick too. Italian Sausage Sandwich..... Has grilled sausage and marinara sauce and provolone. This is a really good sandwich.Catering is offered here and delivery if you order at least 2 sandwiches.
5	Stopped by this place for the first time got the small which is 9 inches the sand which I got was called the Bobbie it was like thanksgiving came early it was incredible. So much flavor the small is anything but small you could eat one half for lunch and the other half for dinner definitely a new favorite of mine!
5	Such a tasty sandwich- other sandwich shops do not compare! I usually get the grilled italian and order olives, tomatos and pickles to it! So good and the veggies give it an extra crunch. My fiance usually orders the capistrami and it is so good that I might get it next time!Not very healthy if that is what you are looking for though! But definitely high on taste! yum yum!
4	This is a chain and a good one at that. I had Philly Cheesesteak and it was very good. It's amazing how many places can get such a simple sandwich wrong, but Capriotti's does it right. My buddy says all their sandwiches are good and I believe him. It's worth the stop.
4	Employees are nice, place is clean, food is good.
5	Best sandwich shop in town! The capastromi is a must try! It is very filling and flavorful. Although you can't go wrong with the sloppy joe either. You really feel like you got your money's worth.
1	How do you mess up a sandwich?  Make the customer wait 20 minutes for it.  Since when should it take 3 people 20 minutes to make a sandwich!
3	Everyone needs a sandwich.Infused into the gas station this business has a nice little thing going. I've had quite a few sandwich from here after filling up on gas. Each time the staff have been pleasant and respectful.I will say that few times I've called ahead for sandwiches they have been dry or cold. But on the whole the Philly steak sandwiches are great. I'll always be repeat here
5	Food came out in a timely manner but there is a small wait (10 min.  max.) during lunch hours. Super delicious and work the small wait
5	Cole turkey sandwich was so delicious.  Hands down I'll be back more and more and more.
4	Let me just start off with, I'm not typically a fan of pastrami sandwiches - I always thought they were boring, dry and salty. That being said, the Capastrami hot sandwich was a great one.It's a soft hot sandwich stuffed with moist pastrami, melted Swiss cheese, Russian dressing, and cole slaw.Sm: $7.79Med: $8.99Lg: $13.79My boyfriend and I shared the medium and it was more than enough. We would probably stick with sharing a small next time. It was a soft, warm and moist sandwich, but the cole slaw gave it a great cold crisp texture and the Russian dressing which tastes like a homemade sweeter thousand island dressing, added a nice sweetness to the sandwich. I'm a saucy girl, so I asked them for an extra side of the Russian dressing to spread on my sandwich. I also asked for a side of sweet peppers and piled them into my sandwich and it turned it from good to amazing. So much better with sweet peppers in every bite! I loved it. A side tip to save a few, grab your sandwich and then hop next door to buy your drink. The big gulp from 711 is 99 cents!
3	I want cookies from 7-11 and it's 3 miles away.  I'm. Not happy and I'm pouting cause my pretty girlfriend won't walk with me...
5	The guy behind the counter was funny and chatted with us, and gave us a discount for being NY sports fans ;) The sandwiches were large and stuffed well, and quick to be made. The service was great and I would eat there again to get away from the expensive places in the resort.
5	I love that Capriotti's is next to 7 eleven,  because it was a hit day to get a slurpee.  But most of all, the Cole turkey was delicious even the 2nd time around.  I love Capriotti's and would go to bat for them anytime.  Lol.  I can't wait to try their other signature sandwiches.
5	This place is a regular for us from the call centers nearby and they never disappoint. Had my favorite Capastrami for lunch today and it was impeccable. Must try if you've never had! Keep up the good work!
3	This location is very friendly and quick. I have ordered the turkey sub a several times, and the last two times the meat has been non existent. Not sure what is happening, but at the prices of subs, I expect a full sandwich.
5	A great sandwich shop with nice, filling sandwiches. Very reasonably priced and friendly staff. Try their custom-sandwiches for a neat treat.And remember to sign-up for their mail online. There are cool deals in store!
5	This is my all time favorite Capriotti's! The workers here are so funny and friendly. The owner is a really great guy, you can tell he genuinely cares about his employees and customers. I come here so often it's embarassing! This place is hard to resist because the workers here go above and beyond their job duty to deliver excellent customer service and delicious food. I get the capastrami and have only tried the capastrami basically because I am too in love to pick something else. I've had it at numerous locations but here they make it perfectly with the right amount of meat cole slaw and sause. The sandwiches here are made more juicer then other places in my opinion and that's one if the reasons why I love it so much! As soon as you get addicted and become a regular they pay so much attention that they will tell you as soon as you get through the door what you usually get off the top of their head and ask if that's what you want and start making it right away.
5	We absolutely love love LOVE this place. Best sandwiches ever...seriously. Delicious!  The staff is always wonderful and very friendly. They know how to make a good sandwich! if you are visiting Vegas, go eat here!! If you are a local that hasn't eaten here, GO EAT HERE!!!!!!
1	We used to get sandwiches from here all the time and they were great. Now they have raised their prices and hardly have any meat in them. It is all bread and stuffing and hardly any turkey! Also my little boy almost choked on a bone in the sandwich!!!! Not going back SUMMERLIN CAPRIOTTI'S!
4	Italian sausage sub was great, wife's "Bobby" was great. Only mark down is hokey pay/order location being a mess while you're ordering/paying later. Wait seems a little long but worth it. Definitely will return.
5	Love Capriotti's & LOVE this location! The staff here always provides wonderful customer service and knows my husband by name. Our sandwiches are always fantastic! The Philly and Bobbie are my favorites - they are the bomb!!
4	Had to try this place from all the good reviews I've read and it did not disappoint!! Awesome subs what else can I say, your just gonna have to try it and you will see!
