5	We have the unlimited washes for $16.95.  They debit your card each month and it is easy to cancel if you want to...it's a good deal if you go once or twice a week. The vacuums are strong and work good.
1	Not a positive experience by any means.  One aggravating problem is that you can never seem to contact the person you last dealt with, so a lot our frustration is compounded by that.  A proposed $120.00 1 1/2 to 2 hour detail job turned into a 4 hour not much more than a car wash.  The paint blemishes and even the most superficial marks that were supposed to disappear didn't.  Worse was the carpeting. They were still obviously dirty albeit wet.  Management on duty acknowledged the unsatisfactory condition and offered to work on it some more, but our time was limited by that point. Attempts to reach their corporate office to report our dissatisfaction were unsuccessful. Several messages left throughout the week were never returned. The following weekend, we decided to give them another chance. After the three hours we left it, we were again dissatisfied. We took the car directly home and took a wet vacuum to the carpeting and pulled up enough dirty water to wish it wasn't so far to drive just to show them the schlocky job they did; as if they would care given the attitudes they demonstrated.  Buyer be advised: Satisfaction apparently not guaranteed, strict no refund policy, and not a lot of regard for your time.  Just saying.
1	I honestly wish you could give zero stars. DO NOT purchase a monthly car wash from this company. My son has literally been trying to cancel it for months.  We went in the first time and cancelled. Went the next time and got documentation of the cancelation. Still being charged so finally had to have the bank get involved and pay for a stop payment. Its absurd how they handle this problem, I called corporate and they said he was still using the pass. That's pretty difficult when his trucks transmission is out. This is a complete scam.
1	ZERO STARS ***DO NOT GIVE THEM YOUR CREDIT/ DEBIT CARD***In Feb. a guy came to my car and said there was a special for $6.95 for a full month. I asked, "What's the catch?" He said there wasn't one. I should have known....These people started charging my card $16.95 every month there after. When I called, 623.925.8090, it goes straight to voicemail, I left two messages a week for 6 weeks to no avail. So I hunted around and found the fax number and sent them a fax requesting a refund and stop charging my card.I was contacted by Rebecca who said she would give me a refund for one month and anything else would be via gift card. I explained that I do not want their services and again asked for a refund as I did my due diligence and more and also have not used their services so a gift card is unacceptable. She charged that her manager had to talk to me, I agreed. She then said manager is in a "meeting". I asked how long and she replied, "All day" I asked when I should expect a return call and she said today or tomorrow. Well, that ofcourse tomorrow came. I gave them two days after that and I began calling the number that Rebecca had called me from and ofcourse they refused to take my calls. After another month of being dodged, low and behold my card is charged $16.95 again.I called again and this time first thing in the morning. A rude, heavy accented, charleton named Yessinia took my call. She sure was a peach. She specifically said, "We will not refund or stop charging your card!" I asked her to repeat herself for clarity and then told her she was being recorded. She got very angry and told me to go to my bank. She went on to tell me she would make a note on my account to keep charging my card and specifically said they would lie to the bank and say I used their service. I was so shocked. I am so glad for low level, uneducated, girls who think they can be rude and steal hard working people's money for services NOT RENDERED! Once I learned this company is a scam I started taking precautions. I recorded you Yessinia. You said all of that on tape and I will give it to my bank! DO NOT USE YOUR CREDIT CARD AT SUPERSTAR CARWASH. They are theives!
