3	These 1/2 price ticket booths are all over the strip, with nine locations from New York-New York on the south end to Circus Circus on the north end.  Very helpful staff is there to answer questions and provide information about the variety of shows that are for sale.  While they can't recommend a specific show, they are a font of knowledge and you can pump them with questions to get a good idea of the shows they think are the best.  Don't even think about grabbing a show in Vegas without hitting the Tix4Tonight booth first.  For $2-3 they also sell discounts for restaurants around the strip, some offering 50% off the price of an entree for everyone in the party.  Check it out.
3	Ran into this place after visiting one of my favorite casino spots...Casino Royale. Had a good day at the craps table and told my girl to go over and pick a show, she choose Peepshow at Planet Hollywood. Why pay full price for shows when you can come here and get really good deals. We paid $105 for $155 VIP tickets on the floor for a Saturday night show. Saved $100 on 2 tickets, no brainer. Not sure why anyone would pay full price anymore...just saying.Honorable Mention: Come here first before paying full price for any show
3	Tix 4 tonight is a great value for show tickets. They have several locations on the strip and downtown.
4	Over a weekend we visited 2 different Tix4Tonight locations. This one was the fastest and friendliest by far. Pricing between each location is supposed to be the same so definitely stop in if you're staying near this one.
5	How can you not give this place Five stars?We saw 2 shows with tickets from here while we were in Vegas.  We saved over $200 by getting our tickets this way and had amazing seats at both shows.  At Le Reve at the Wynn we were in the perfect seats in the 4th row.  At the Beatles Love show our seats were just as good!The lines for this place are crazy long in the morning so I wouldn't recommend going between 930 & 11.  The one good thing is if you are in the sun waiting in line they give you an umbrella for some shade.  95% of the time you can only buy tickets for the current day but a couple shows they did have for the next day.  They also offer discounts to lots of different restaurants and buffets in the area.The staff here are always very friendly and super helpful.  They have all seen most of the shows themselves so they can give you an honest opinion on what show is best for you and what seats are the best in the house.I talked to a couple different people while I was there and were all afraid to buy tickets here thinking it was a scam - this place is not a scam!! and it WILL save you a ton of money that you can use to have even more fun while you are here.  They have quite a few locations splattered up and down the strip - worth the walk to find one for sure.
4	As far as this location goes (right inside the Casino Royal next to Denny's) they are on top of their game. I have always had a great experience with them as far as purchasing tickets and asking questions goes. One important thing as well is that with the amount of people that go in such a relatively small locale, the workers there keep everything in control in a NICE manner including the people waiting in line. Certain individuals who work there would come outside as we were waiting in line to crack jokes with us, ask us what were looking to get, and have great recommendations as well. The employees there are awesome and trust me, they know what they are talking about. The best part is, they actually do have great tickets at an unbelievable price. I was able to go to get tickets for Madame Tussaud's, Carrot Top, The Goretorium and Penn & Teller all for about $100 bucks. That to me friends is a deal, and I don't go anywhere else when I need to purchase event tickets. This is not a scam either which most tourists are afraid of as well. 100% Legit, friendly and informative. TOURISTS STOP HERE for the best deals in town.
3	This place is a great option for discount tickets to shows in Vegas. Most show tickets are for day of, they do have a few next day tickets available now. Friendly staff for the most part. Be prepared for long lines and go early. When it is busy the line starts out on the sidewalk. However, check for specials on individual show websites. Occasionally seasonal specials can make tickets cheaper. This place is a good deal, just make sure to shop around first to make sure you are getting the best deal.
5	If you're looking for show tickets, come here 1st. No reason to pay full price on show tickets. They have several locations throughout Las Vegas and I have yet to find a better deal for show tickets [unless you're getting them comped through the casino]. Be sure to print out their coupon (http://www.tix4tonight.com/coupon.html) for a discount on their "service fees". All of their available tickets for that day and the next day are posted on large lcd screens and if you want suggestions on what to see, their staff is very friendly and informative about the shows. I've been using them for several years and will continue to use them for any show tickets in the future.
3	as long as you be careful and know what you're buying....discounted tix for a reason.  Not the best seats, all the good ones are taken, but you do save a bundle.  Still think the playing games online is the way to go.show lady on the street, posing for pics, did suggest that 'elsewhere' could be better....nice of her.
