1	Once again, another fast food place strives for sub-par service.  I should have known there would be a problem when I had to repeat my order 4 times at the drive through. After I pay for it, I'm told to "pull around front, we'll bring your food out to you when it's ready".  I hate it when they say that. Well, I pull up front....and wait...and wait...and wait.   Enough of this already, so I get out of my car and go inside. After explaining everything to what looked like a 16 year old "manager", she proclaims "oh, your fries are done now, here you go".  I go through the bag inspecting the order. What do you know? They messed it up, of course! After that was fixed, I'm totally pissed off at them, so I just take the bag and leave.    Well, I get home and discover there were more fubars with the order. The sandwich I wanted was not the one I got. I ordered a plain roast beef...I got the one swimming in that nasty cheese and watered down BBQ sauce. I'm not going to waste my gas taking it back to complain (perhaps they count on that). Couldn't even eat it by hand. The bottom of the bun was so drenched in that horrible sauce, it fell apart as I picked it up. Had to eat the meat with a fork!   Arby's, you suck!! I hate you and I hope you choke to death on your own crappy food prepared by your own narcissistic brain dead moronic employees!!!
4	I only use the drive thru here but its usually fast & accurate. I like the food and its prepared the way i like it - NO SAUCE. I think thats the problem both other reviewers had with the food here. So dont order it with sauce. Also make sure you order the horsey sauce. The hubby claimed he hated arbys til he tried it with horsey - now he likes it!
2	It just isn't as good as it used to be. Even using a coupon, the quality of the beef and bun were just sub-par. I won't be wanting to go again for a long time, if ever.
1	Food was not that great! Out of all the Arby's I've went to, this location was by far the worst. First off, my sandwich literally just had 2 pieces of meat. Then the fries I received tasted like they were days old, hard, and stale. I didn't even finish my meal. Such a disappointment.
1	I'm really craving a Philly sand which so i pull up to the drive Thru to order, I want to see if they have anything new and as I'm telling the person that's on the mic to give me a few second they say that he isn't rushing me but i need to order within the next 4 min because his register automatically closes on its own, Ive never heard that in my entire life. I think that is the worst excuse to tell someone, First off you never rush a costumer second if you dint close until a 10pm or whenever you close you have to take the costumer no matter what. I wouldn't even give this place 1 star but i had to because it says so. i believe that this is not good quality costumer service its not like I'm ordering something that's going to take 45min. i will not ever be going back here because that kind of service is not inviting.
2	Drive Thru STINKS!!!!! Go in IF you want a half way decent meal. The service has been TERRIBLE at this location for a while. Can't understand how they are still in business. ANY of them for that matter.
4	I can't believe I'm giving a fast food place a rating as I never eat fast food but service here was phenomenal the manager was very friendly, accommodating for my order, in the food came out quickly and correctly from the back.
