5	I can never find skirts and slacks that fit. If they fit in the hips, they are at least four inches too big in the waist. I must either wear droopy clown clothes, or have all my skirts and pants tailored to fit.A friend recommended Europin, and I am so glad she did. The owner is incredibly nice, the work is excellent, and the prices are very reasonable.
5	I just brought in a nice pair of dress pants to be hemmed, and I couldn't be happier with the service I received at Europin. The owners are very nice, caring, and courteous. The fitting literally took seconds. I picked up my pants today and they were hemmed perfectly at exactly the right length. I chatted briefly with the owners and they really are just the nicest couple. They're great and there was no hassle at all during the whole process. I would recommend Europin to anyone.
1	My experice at Europin is a multiple part story that I will combine into two parts. Before I begin, my purpose for using this store was to get sized and fitted for my best friends' wedding that I had the privilege to be in. Europin was the only retailer of the particular tux for the wedding; I digress.....Part 1: The fitting went well, got sized up by a nice lady who seemed like she knew what she was doing; not quite. When I went back to grab my tux it didn't fit at all. Europin then had to order a spare tux to alter my friends' and my tux. Part 2: The Pickup went equally as bad with the "spare" suit needing additional tailoring. I'm not one to ask for compensation but during an experience of this kind I would imagine it to come automatically, however, europin made sure they never get my business ever again.
5	When I moved out here, I needed to alter/tailor a bunch of suits. I went to my dry cleaners for help - big mistake. They butchered the seams and cut material when it was unnecessary. I found Europin and tried them out with just one piece to fix. When I was explaining my situation with the previous tailor dry cleaner, the owner Almasa told me, she is professional and showed me examples of her work. I  was impressed because she could do denim and suits and it looked good. Soon after, Europin altered all my suits, fixed what was messed up by the other place, hemmed my new and old jeans. I've moved out of the area but I will drive the 30 minutes to drop and pick up because it's worth
4	i'm only 5'2" and i had to get some low rise jeans hemmed...this place is prompt, does great work, and is quite kind.... Not the lowest price, but well worth what they charge which wasn't much more than a typical tailor..
5	This is as good as it gets! The owner, Alma is so talented and meticulous.  She took my bridesmaid dress down 6 sizes, and made the dress look like it was tailored for me from the beginning.  I highly suggest this place for anything you may need.  You won't find me anywhere else! Thank you, Alma and Europin!!!!
5	Europin Tailor is a preferred vendor with Las Vegas Bridal Gowns at the Griffin Mansions and LVBG was where I purchased my bridal gown.  I was a little nervous going to a new tailor for my first bridal gown alterations, but Almasa greeted me for my appointment and immediately put me at ease with her friendly demeanor.  The whole experience was low stress and relaxed from start to finish.Almasa was very thoughtful on what she thought needed to be altered during the fitting.  She gave me her thoughts and told me the reasons.  She also gave me a full run down on how she would be approaching each area of alteration (bust area, length, bustle, etc) and what to expect at each fitting.  At the end, she gave me an approximate quote on total fees.Conclusion:  There were no surprises during the fitting.  It was completely relaxed and a low key fitting.  I'm a little more educated in the bridal gown fitting process.  I can't wait to see Almasa's work for my second fitting.
5	I went to Alma from a referral by BGLV. She was always kind and knowledgeable. She tailored my wedding dress and was a pleasure to work with. I thought her prices were very reasonable for the amount of work that was done. I'm going to use her for all my tailoring needs from now on!
5	Ya know the old saying " a good tailor and a good accountant can hide a multitude of sins". This European husband and wife team are amazing, and truly know the art of how to expertly fit your clothes to your body. They have tailored both my business and gala gear with equal panache. Services are not cheap, but the craftmanship is there, and well worth it.
1	I needed to get a bridesmaids dress altered for an upcoming wedding and I looked online and found some decent reviews for Europin Tailors and decided to try it out.I went in with my dress about three weeks before I had to leave for the out-of-town wedding. I was hoping that if I gave them enough time I would be able to get the dress back in a week or two, so I could have it pressed and just in case there were additional alterations that needed to be done.They said the dress would be done in a little less than three weeks, two days before I had to leave. I was not too happy, but they insisted that it would allow them to take some time off, so I felt bad and said that would be okay.The dress was to be ready after 4:00 pm the day of pick-up and I called earlier that afternoon to see if I could pick it up earlier, considering they had nearly three weeks to get it done. Much to my surprise, the gentleman actually asked me to come in after 5 pm because it would not be ready at 4 pm.I got there at 5, only to have them ask me to do a little shopping around Boca Park because it still was not done. Okay, now I am getting a little peeved, but I needed to pick up some things for the wedding anyways, so I oblige. He says it will only be about half an hour, but when I come back in half an hour I have to wait another half hour before it was actually done.He tried to make me feel better by saying that the dress was more complicated than they thought. It was a short dress that needed to be hemmed along the sides and hemmed up about two inches on the bottom. It had a longer chiffon top layer over a shorter satin innner layer. I am not tailor, so it may have been a difficult dress, but shouldn't they have decided that three weeks ago? I felt as though they just started altering the dress that afternoon and now I was a nuisance because I was there to pick it up.Okay, so I finally get the dress and try it on. I'm not sure how fittings usually go for dresses, but there was no one there to make sure it was fitted correctly. The inseams were good, but the bottom of the dress was not okay. The chiffon layer was crooked and the underlayer of satin could be seen peeking through, as though it was longer than the top chiffon layer. I did not have time to have them fix it and I'm not sure how it would have been fixed because the dress was already as short as it could go without being skanky. I didn't think it was that bad until I saw the wedding photos and the camera is noticably reflecting that awful satin layer! I was not happy with their service at all. And I felt that it was kind of pricey, though I would not have minded to price if they had actually done a good job. I will not be going back there.
4	I don't know enough about the alteration business to give this place 5 stars since that comes with knowledge of the industry. But all I can say is my suit fits perfectly, was done on time, and cost about $90 for a complete revision! Had my pants and jacket taken in, and sleeves shortened and altered.
5	This is a great tailor! I used to get my pants hemmed at my dry cleaner because it was cheaper but the quality of the seams and stitching is 100 times better here because they are professional tailors. They are always very attentive and take precise measurements and give recommendations based on their experience. We only take my husbands suits here as I don't trust most places to not ruin nice suits.
4	Excellent tailor and the service I experienced was very good. I brought a group of clothes to be tailored and left leaving one item there because of how costly they were, so I could see the type of work they did. Fine and accurate hemming work, but maybe not the place to go for everyday items. Looks like they excel at intricate work and gowns.
4	I've always walked by this place but never actually ventured in until I needed some alterations and my usual place was seriously backed up.  I walked in to be welcomed openly being the only guy in there and was able to get my jeans altered with the original hems to exactly what I liked.  It wasn't cheap but they did a fantastic job and had it completed in two days unlike a whole week or more from my other location.  If you're in the Summerlin area this is a convenient place that can alter pretty much anything from women's to men's attire.
5	I live near this store and went in to get some pants hemmed.  The husband and wife who run the place could not be nicer!  They welcomed me warmly and the service was quick.  They also sell designer jeans and very pretty dresses.  In fact, I purchased my wedding dress here.  They have just a few, but I happened to find the right one at Europin Tailor.  The seamstress altered it and another dress I bought for my honeymoon expertly, quickly and reasonably.  I highly recommend them.
4	They did a good enough job, but I've had some better alteration work on my jeans.  I paid extra to keep the original hem, which looks good enough.  Just not as good as other tailor shops I've used in the past for the identical service.  Prices were a little higher than competitors for same service offerings.  The guy who helped me was nice.
3	They have been good to us in the past but really screwed up. The dress hemming was okay but they took so much time, it was due saturday and they called us and said it wouldn't be done until sat at five, we said we couldn't make it then, so they said monday and we said we couldnt make it so we would go tuesday, they said okay and we went tuesday and it wasn't ready!  Also we paid ahead of time so no discounts were given. I expected better, very disappointed.
5	Thank you sweet baby Jesus for Alma!I may just change the name of my first born to Alma. She is a miracle worker and saved me when I didn't think I could be saved. I ordered a bridesmaid dress months ago and it fit fine when I tried it on.  1 week before the wedding, I try it on again and worst nightmare- it does not fit.  So I go into Europin Tailor and beg Alma to help, and she looks at the dress and says "no problem".  That was a huge weight off my shoulder.  I picked up the dress a few days later and it fit perfectly.  Not only does it fit beautifully, but it is also very professionally sewn.  Woohoo!! I don't need to go on a liquid diet this week. In the past, Alma has hemmed my husbands pants and jeans with original hem, and we were impressed with her work.  That is why it was a no brainer when I brought the dress to her too.  In fact, this shop specializes in formal gowns and dresses.  Everyone in the shop is friendly and professional. And the price is very reasonable too!  *Yelp 100 Challenge: Review 39/100*
5	I'm a typical guy that knows nothing about getting clothes tailored. I had 4 suits and 3 shirts I wanted to have a better fit, so I looked at yelp and decided to give Europin a try. They were very friendly and not intimidating. She did an excellent job. I wore one of my now "tailored" suits to a wedding this month and had so many compliments. If you want expertly tailored or repaired suits, shirts or pants this the place to go.
5	They are so ridiculously nice and welcoming AND they also go above and beyond what I expect.  I brought my strapless floor length dress in to be hemmed.  She immediately noticed that there was no hook at the top of the zipper, which makes it way easier to get into a strapless dress.  When I returned to pick up the dress I had forgotten to bring my shoes to verify the length.  The gentleman at the register was very adamant that I come back if it wasn't right.   Not only did they did a perfect job hemming the dress and adding a hook, but they steamed my dress for me!  It was pretty badly wrinkled from the online shipping packaging, and now it looks wonderful.   And to top it off, my total bill for the dress alteration was $18!
5	Alma is amazing....great service...amazing work, she's done many alterations for me. Last alteration I ordered a dress online, it said one size, but once it arrived it was way too small, there was no other size and I needed it for a photo-shoot...she was able to make modifications just in time for the photo-shoot. And the dress looked amazing on me. :)
2	This place is a complete rip off! $50 to hem two jeans?!?! That's just insane. I picked up my jeans they did a mediocre job the price is not worth it. I feel like I got completely ripped off. Just because I live in Summerlin and gave her expensive jeans to hem (which my mom bought for me) doesn't mean I am wealthy and can spend $25.50 for each jean to be hemmed. Most places charge $12 to $13 to hem jeans with the "original jean hem" I would have been ok with $15 too but $25.50?!?!  No thanks. I won't be returning. The only reason I gave them two stars is because they were very nice.Indicating that I may have been to the wrong location is just adding insult to injury. I just checked my statement and I was actually charged $54. Oh and this just might be my humble opinion but based on my experience $23 is still way too expensive for an original jean hem.
5	I just picked up my slacks from here they adjusted the waist and it was perfect. It was also affordable and the people are so nice, as for the review complaining about the price its ridiculous to give a bad review because of the price. You should ask how much its going to be before you drop things off and commit.
5	Friendly, Fast and reasonable. Very nice family owned business.
5	This is the best tailor in Las Vegas that I have found.  I have had real hit-and-miss tailoring at the usual spots around town and at the local dry cleaner.  I stumbled upon Europin and have had absolutly stellar service each time.   The quality of work is remarkable and exactly what I expect from a tailor service.  The staff is extremely professional, too.  To the reviewer who complained about the price:  the price is spot-on for the quality of work.  In fact, I am always a little surprised by the price, expecting it to be more.  If you need any thing done requiring a tailor, go here.
5	Excellent service! Very friendly owners. I take all my clothes that need alterations here because I trust them and have never been disappointed. I had jeans that I wanted to make into a more skinny jean and the first time they didn't come out skinny enough, but that was my fault because I wasn't specific enough. I came back and asked them if they could make them skinnier and they gladly did it for me free of charge. Definitely recommend this place. Trustful and skilled.
4	After doing my Yelp research, I went to Europin to alter a dress for me.  I was completely satisfied with the alteration and really surprising impressed with their kindness and customer service.  Very very nice people.  I would absolutely go again for alteration needs that pop up in the future.
4	Outstanding customer service and thats why all the great reviews, I second the rating. The couple who run this place are adorable and super sweet. Alterations can be a bit pricey but are pretty standard considering what others charge in this area. Highly recommended!
4	This place is owned by the nicest couple, and their work is spot on. Of course, it's not the cheapest tailor in Vegas, but being experts of their craft in Summerlin, you get what you pay for. I've never had a bad experience here. There's nothing that they can't do.
5	I drive 30 mins for this place because they are the best. They have done work pants to bridesmaids dresses for me
1	I am getting married and I am wearing my mother's wedding dress but we are having it remodeled a bit because it's an 80's dress. The first time I came here I had an appointment set up, which they met.  I walked in with my dress and my mom and we told Alma our ideas.  Along the way we told her to give us her opinion because she was the seamstress and we are not.  What we want and what could be done could have been two different things.  Long story short, the whole time she was a 'yes man'.  On top of that she never took any notes, so when it came to our first fitting all she did was cut off my mother's sleeves! Which was what we had not discussed!! At all!! I should have left there, but didn't, I gave her the benefit of the doubt.  Eventually after countless cancelled appointments and reschedules, I left.  Perhaps simple jobs is more of her expertise, but not a wedding dress or professionalism.
5	Alma is the BEST! Always finds the perfect fit.  Yes, they are pretty expensive but I think it's worthy every penny because your clothes will come back perfect.  Have tailored suits and jeans, everything looks great! Also have a nice reward program, too.
5	Most recently had a pair of jeans taken in here. They sewed and surged them perfectly. They've done other jobs equally as well. Fast, friendly, affordable, and precise---what else could one ask for in a tailor?
5	been here 3 times here alreadyaltered a jacket i had for a suit that wasn't tight enough and they did a perfect job on the alterations.my brother had a suit altered for a wedding that was custom made, yes i know custom made but it was from china and came in a small small box so it clearly still needed alterations haha. lets just say his suit was the best fit in the wedding party. i had pants altered and once again a perfect 10 on the alterations. around the waist and along the leg line i could not have asked for a better pair of fitting pants.the husband and wife who run the spot are some of the nicest and most professional pair of owners i have seen in a long time. if you want the alterations quickly they will do that for you. good affordable prices. before i always had all my alterations done at nordstrom however, this place does a better job and at a better price point. plus great location in boca park so i can always grab a cocktail across the st at honeysalt. win win!!!
5	I had a bridesmaid dress that I couldn't even zip up on Monday and the wedding was on friday! Alma turned the back of my dress into a corset and took up the length. It was ready on Friday morning just in time and the corset looked so great that the other bridesmaids were telling me that they wished their dress had a back like mine. Beautiful job!
5	I loooove Europin!I had a pretty short engagement-about 5 months. I received my dress at the end of May, but didn't have anybody to help me zip it up to be sure it fit. When I was finally able to try it on, we were two weeks out from the wedding. The fit was perfect, but the hem was outrageously long. I called Europin and asked if it could be hemmed in time for my wedding. Alma told me to come right over. She chalked the hem and we discussed giving the dress a train, and I agreed it would look nice. My dress also has a v-neck chiffon overlay on the chest and the left side became loose and needed to be tacked down. Alma fixed this without any additional charges. I went to pick it up this morning, and the dress fits BEAUTIFULLY. I tried it on again with my shoes and the hem line and train are absolutely perfect. I thanked Alma and told her it was perfect and she said "I know, you look beautiful!" I would absolutely recommend them.
5	I am bringing all of suits and dress shirts here from now on. This place actually tailors your clothes properly so they fit you. I wish I would have known about this place before I let the people at Men's Warehouse ruin my suits I purchased from there.From now on when I purchase suits I am bringing them straight here. The lady here is a professional and does an excellent job!!
5	You won't find better customer service and tailoring in Vegas.  Europin Tailor is as good as they come!  I have used them several times and been happy with the results.  One of the alterations didn't come out perfect the first time and they were very accommodating to get it done right and in a timely manner.  I have heard from others that you need to give them a clear timeline if you are in a time crunch, but I never had an issue with them at all.
5	Almasa is a life saver!!!How? She fixed my wedding dress!Here's what happened: I bought my dress at a wedding dress shop and since they specialized in wedding dresses, I thought they would be on point for the alterations, right? After 3 fittings and 1 week out, it still wasn't quite right , and that's when I knew I had to see Almasa. I took it to Almasa and she worked her magic, taking in 3-4 inches from each side! In one week and 3 fittings, she redid the dress and it fit like a glove.
5	I have been a big fan of this place since I found it.  Fast service, completely reasonable prices, and quality work.The last time I brought something in, I was an idiot, and tried to cut one of those stray threads.  I must have cut at a bad angle, as I accidentally cut the fabric.  I brought it in, and I can't see where any damage was ever done.  But they have always done quality work in any instance, from tears to seams coming loose.The older gentleman behind the counter is very polite, friendly, and very willing to provide excellent service.  It's nice to know that when I do have a problem with one of my outfits, my damaged clothes will return in great shape.  They also take credit cards, which is a plus.  I've been to a few tailors that don't, and again, convenience.I will gladly continue to both use and recommend them for their services.
5	No one comes close to the talent and customer service of Europin Tailor.. I was saddened and surprised to read a few reviews less than 5 stars.. Alma is not only an excellent tailor, but her suggestions regarding how to tweak a design are brilliant.. Her husband could be the nicest human on the planet .. I take that back, both of them are the nicest people on the planet!I sent a very picky friend there to see what she thought.. She called me from her car as she was leaving to tell me she'll never go anywhere else.. They deserve 5 stars without question..
5	They do an excellent job hemming jeans with the original hem! When I visit Vegas again, I plan on bringing other items for them to tailor. Turnaround is fast and pricing is fair. The owners are also very kind people.
