5	I recently came into Pritchett Eye Care Associates for the first time for an annual checkup. I live nearby and wanted to consolidate my doctors to all by nearby to minimize driving around town. I was a little reluctant to go someplace new because I hadn't yet heard anything about this establishment, but I was very pleased with my decision to change to this location. First off, the location is excellent for those who live in the Summerlin area. It is easy to find and easy to get in and out of. Next, the office itself is very attractive with nice displays for the glasses and a comfortable, clean atmosphere for waiting. Each person I spoke with was truly friendly, and I waited less than 5 minutes including new patient paper work. The only doctor at this practice, Andrea Radtke, is as professional and polite as they come. She was very friendly and seems genuinely interested in getting to know her patients and make them feel welcome. Eye exams are never enjoyable, but I found that this visit flew by and was the least invasive and easy exam I've ever been through. Even though my appointment was at the end of the day, I never felt rushed or hurried as though they were waiting for me to leave to close. I also perused the sunglasses selection for quite some time and felt no pressure to be up-sold or add extraneous items to my purchase. I actually ended up not purchasing any during my visit, and they were gracious enough to keep a record of what I looked at and like and kept it in my file for the future in case I change my mind. To say I was impressed was an understatement, and I will no longer avoid my annual visit like the plague! I highly recommend Pritchett and Dr. Radtke to anyone, especially those in the Summerlin area. I am confident your experience will be analogous to mine, and you will become a repeat customer as well.
5	Dr. Radtke was really nice and put me at ease right away. She was also good at teaching me about my eyes, which I found very helpful, because I'll know what to look out for. The receptionist was also the sweetest.
