5	Another great Oregano's opened in the valley.  This might be my favorite Oregano's yet.  Great decor, and a fun motorcycle inside.   The restaurant even features a separate motorcycle parking lot in rear.  Great food and friendly staff.
5	Great atmosphere and excellent service. So many restaurants have struggled in this location, I hope Orgeganos makes it. Dave took great care of us. We'll be back!
5	YAY!!!  We had the best experience here.  The service from everyone (mostly teenagers) was excellent.  They were all smiles, accommodating, and confident.  Everyone seemed willing and anxious to help each other out, which made our experience even better.  The food - well, it's Oregano's, so it's awesome.  Salads are huge and great, the pizza (we had Bistro Classic thin crust) is amazing. And don't forget the pizzookie.  It's incredible.  Seriously back to the service, though.  We could not say enough great things about how we were treated, as though everyone was genuinely happy to see us and wanted to make sure every need and whim was accommodated.  We sat on the patin and enjoyed the sunset and music. Beautiful views of Black Mountain too.This is a great thing for Cave Creek - awesome food and service combined in a great restaurant.  Thank you for opening!! :)
5	Rumors were Oregano's was going to open in Cave Creek a year ago. I thought, "There's no way." But I hope it was true. Well believe your eyes - they're open!I have been there for the past 2 nights enjoying the Lawrence Pizza one night and the Wings of Gold the second over a nice tap beer.The staff is very friendly, polite an accommodating. There were a couple of slight observations but I think they'll work out the kinks.The management is really making efforts to make things right. The kitchen manager even came out and asked how everything was - wings of gold - stuck the landing - 10!
1	Got there at 5:30 and I was told the wait us an hour and a half! Forget that! Also the entrance is set up so bad it's annoying! You check in, enter, and exit all into a narrow doorway! Really?! The first '1-star' I ever gave! Maybe they'll work the kinks out eventually but the doorway will remain the same!
1	I just don't get it.  This has to be the absolute worst Italian restaurant in AZ. Really. I tried Oregano's about 3 years ago and didn't like one bit.  After construing to the rave reviews of how good this chain is we thought we'd give another try. Big mistake.  Maybe growing up in an Italian neighborhood back east where every restaurant was "homemade", spoiled me.  The pesto bruschetta was fine, but how can you go wrong with bread, cheese and pesto. Cheesy garlic bread is garlic bread. Then the pizza and the angel hair pasta.  A pepperoni thin crust. Still the worst pizza ever eaten. No taste at all. Reminded me of a thin crust frozen pizza.  The marinara on the pasta was terrible as was the pasta itself.  This just confirms that people in the valley truly do not know good Italian food.Bright spot.  The waitress was absolutely wonderful.
4	Had a great experience at Oregano's.  Our server, Jennifer was one of the best ever experienced.  We ordered some appetizers and were disappointed with the toasted raviolis which were overlooked and dry.  Jennifer immediately took the dish off our bill.  The Manager comped us a free dessert.  Nice touch!  We ordered cheesy garlic bread and the Lawrence Original.  Both were quite good.  The original pizza cookie was dessert and we thought we were in heaven.  Warm  chocolate chip cooked topped with vanilla ice cream.  We had to go bags as well as to go drinks.  Ok, it is not authentic Italian but still enjoyable.  If you want real Italian, try another place.  I will take my hubby back here.
1	This is my mothers review who is not active yelper: Well all in my years of eating out (and trust me there are many) I have NEVER had such a terrible experience at a restaurant before. I will NEVER eat at Oregano's again. We went to the new one in Cave Creek with our friends, it was a 2 hour wait, so after a half hour we ordered to go but they said if our table opens up we can still sit. So our table opened before our food was done and the staff sat us, on the way we told her we had ordered from take out and she said no problem, well after we were seated the waiter told the manager and he came over and accused us of stealing a table, when we explained that we had been waiting on the wait list like everyone else and were seated by his staff, he rudely brought some of our food in the to-go boxes even though we asked for it to be un-boxed, when I asked about the rest of the food he made another rude comment, it was so obnoxious that a women from another table turned to us and said how RUDE this man was, that we would like to see another manager. It turns out the owner shows up at our table and asks if we would like him to call the police on us because we were swearing. We thought he was joking at first, but apparently the waiter told him we were swearing. Even the woman next to us was appalled! We got up and left. I said I will put it on social media he said go ahead we won't be the first (I can see why if that is how he treats his customers) He followed us to the car we did not want to talk to him, our friends stayed and explained, I think he was a little sorry when he heard the real story and not just the waiter who didn't want to serve someone who had ordered (which was stupid, he would have gotten a nice tip for doing half the work) Anyway the owner gave our friends a gift card, but too little too late. People skills might have served him much better. No loss didn't really care for the food anyway.
1	Under staffed and under trained staff. Not your typical Oreganos experience. Staff is rough. A chaotic dining experience at best. An espoused Chicago restaurant and no Blackhawks game only Ozzie and Harriet come on now.....Cave Creek is starving for any dining experience ...Time will tell....
1	Visited this location twice, and had a very bad experience both times!  First I just went for dinner.  We ordered a deep dish pizza for 3 of us to share.  We were told it takes about 45 min to cook?  Whatever, ordered anyways.  About 45 min later, a manager comes over and tells us he gave our pizza to another table by mistake.  He says he already put another pizza in and it would be ready in a few min.   About 10 min later he comes back with a pizza, a thin pizza.  We thought he was joking at first.  However, we weren't about to wait for another pizza so we ate it and left hungry, luckily the bill was comped though.The next time was with a group of 15 people.  They DON"T TAKE RESERVATIONS!!???  We were told to send someone from the party an hour ahead to hold a table, like saving seats at a movie theater? So me and another person arrive an hour before the time everyone else was coming.  3pm on a weekday.  The place was nearly empty however they still seemed uneasy about seating us, and tried to split our party into several tables.  We finally get things sorted out with the hostess and decide to hang at the bar.  Since we knew the pizzas take 45 min to an hour to cook, we decide to pre-order some for the table.  The bartender has to check with the manager, and we get a hard no, with no explanation.  I happen to see one of the managers hanging by the bar and ask him about it.  He tells me they have a catering thing and the kitchen is backed up (like I care).  We don't do preorders, it's our policy. We bring up the reservations. It's our policy.  So we've run into several of your policies that have inconvenienced your customer, just to make it easier for you!  A different manager comes over and asks us what is going on, we explain how we wanted to preorder.  He says that's fine. Guess the kitchen wasn't so backed up after all?  He then tells us that next time we have a big party we should cater.  I even had to clarify if 15 was that big of a party? Also, that he was encouraging us to cater, rather than visit the restaurant.  So we place our order and keep sitting at the bar until 4pm.  I then go to the hostess to get our table, just as the rest of our party starts to filter in. Surprise!  She gave our table away!  Luckily another hostess who seemed to be the only intelligent one in there made arrangements to push some tables together.  Even though we were just told that none of the tables moved.  We get seated and the rest of the evening goes smooth.  Me as well as everyone in our party will not be returning.  On both occasions the staff seemed to only care about themselves, and made little effort to accommodate us. Unfortunate because the food isn't bad.And for anyone wondering, I have lived in Cave Creek my entire life.
5	Omgggg pesto penne baked pasta is a must try! My favorite pasta on the menu by far. Good pizza, decent beers on tap. This specific location the staff is super friendly. Very attentive.
5	I had dinner there last night and not only was the pizza great, but the customer service was excellent!!
1	I came quite a distance to meet friends here. My expectations were high. I have been hearing about Oreganos for years. I was totally disappointed. The garlic bread was like something I made when I was 5, Stale, cold, and, boring, and unappetizing. Nothing special. We ordered the pizza, can't remember what it was called. but it had spinach, artichokes, kalamata olives, tomatoes, the most horrible, bland, cardboard thing I have ever consumed. It just shows you how uneducated, and uninspired most of  these crappy chains are. Not to mention how uninspired their clientele is. It also shows how few good restaurants there are out there. When we arrived there was about 30 people outside waiting. really! How sad. Cave Creek......you must really suck! I suppose when the alternatives are Harold's and the Cave Creek smoke house, anything looks good. Pay another $5 in gas and go somewhere good. Pay $10 and live it up! Here's a better idea! Open a shitty restaurant in Cave Creek and rake in the bucks!
5	We went here for pizza as we had been to other locations of this restaurant. They were very busy and had to wait for a table, so plan accordingly. However the wait was worth it. Really good food, excellent service and our waitress, Jackie, was attentive, responsive, very friendly and professional. Because they were busy they were a bit backed up, but without our saying anything, the waitress and the manager, Travis, stopped by the table, apologized for the busyness and went out of their way to make sure we knew they felt we were important to their business and that they were not meeting their own standards. Very impressive!!  The food was very good and not everyone in our group had pizza but everyone had a great time and enjoyed the food, the ambience and especially the wait staff who were friendly, accommodating and made the visit very pleasurable. Love this place and will definitely be back....frequently.
4	Looks like they have had a rough start at the new location - not our experience.  Two of us for lunch ... both with BIG appetites.  Ordered the Pablo Picasso salad and shared.  O M G .   So good, and so much food.  That's all we needed for lunch to satisfy us!  Great food, great service.  I am amazed each time I drive by at the lines there.  For a new location - to be flooded with customers - it's a great sign.  Keep up the good work.  I'll be back!
4	If you live in the Cave Creek area this is a welcome restaurant addition to the town.  It's busy all the time.  The food is good, and the servers really try hard to manage things.  It is like a locally owned Olive Garden   Don't expect haute  cuisine, just a tasty Italian meal that more than fills you up
4	I recently took 8 family and friends there for my Birthday Dinner. Everyone is very nice there and attentive. The Anti-pasta salad is my new favorite and I love the thin crust pizza. Friends had lasagna and chicken parmesan and all the food was really good. The only issue was our salads and garlic bread showed up very late but the staff was very nice about it and we were happy all in all. It's a fun, busy, vibrant place so expect to wait a bit. I prefer that actually - the food is fresh and good. We have been there 3 times now and will be back for sure. Great Prices too!
5	I came up to visit this location to  check it out since I was pleased with the others I have been to around town..I was just as pleased! Wonderful food , fantastic service! Will defiantly enjoy another trip up to cave creek for your pizza and great service ~ especially Kat! Very personable! Great personality ! Lots of laughs! Look forward to seeing you all again soon!!! Jaimy
2	I gave this restaurant two trys, both times, it was a disaster! After waiting, we were informed our pizza was mistakenly given to someone else. They replaced it with a small pizza. Although we were given a free ice cream cookie, we would have preferred our dinner. The second visit began with them not taking reservations for a group of 18. We were advised to have someone in our party come an hour early and wait for the tables. We did... They gave our tables away! Not much communication between hostess and Waiter. The food was fine. AWhen we received our credit card bill, they had double charged us! Bottom line. Although Cave Creek was excited to welcome Oregano's to our town, it has been a Huge disappointment and not worth the wait, frustration or money. Go somewhere else!
1	Waiting,  waiting,  waiting. Don't they have staff.Staff standing around doing nothing. This sux.
2	Her Royal Highness decided we'd take a friend to this spot as several neighbors said it was pretty darn good. Aaaaah not so much!  It's not that the foods bad or the service is bad because the food is neither great or awful and the service is the same, neither great or bad.The menu is confusing and  gave me a headache trying to figure out what to order but the real problem I had was the noise level.....  Forget about having a conversation at the table, unless your prepared to twist and shout!Our server was bright and cheery and came to our table every 45 seconds or so to see if we needed anything, which to me is not always a good thing.I would not tell you not to go but for my time and money, there are probably better choices to be made.Not good, not bad ... You decide
1	I cannot tell you what the draw is to this place but it certainly isn't worth waiting for a table here. The pizza was the worst pizza we ever had, anywhere! It was bland, tasteless but with an occasional funky flavor mixed in. Very expensive pizza when you consider the poor quality ingredients it is made with. I can't complain about the service but they weren't overly busy when we were there. This was our first time going there and we will never go back.
5	5 Stars/ 2 Thumbs up!  Awesome food, portions and price. My favorite: "Oregano's Favorite" Salad, Sweet Potato Fries and Chicken, Chedder, Broccoli Pan Pizza.  Competent and friendly staff and management.  Servers are very attentive to your needs. Entertaining, easy to read menu with a large variety of items.  Aesthetically pleasing and unique decor. Motorcycle friendly with it's own reserved motorcycle parking lot. Beautiful Outdoor patio.  Check out their website, it's pretty cool.  And, don't forget the famous Pizza Cookie!Pro's:1. FOOD:  Mama Mia, I think I've died and woke up in Oregano's heaven.  2. Service and staff:  They are attentive to your needs, have personality, and make you feel right at home. 3. Highly Visible Management: Not afraid to get their hands dirty. Always walking around and available to you. 4. Outdoor dining:  Cave Creek location has one of the nicest outdoor dining patios around.  A big Mesquite tree covers the patio for shade.5.  Reserved motorcycle parking: I'm not talking about a few spaces.  This location has it's own motorcycle parking "lot" overlooking the beautiful outdoor patio. 6.  The bar:  It's kind of like a small version of Cheers.  Cold, tall beers on draft. Try the Bellini.Cons:1.  No outdoor bar:  2.  No misters on Patio.3.  Busy.  This place is top notch, so you have to expect that.  It is worth the wait though. Put your name on the list, then take a drive into Cave Creek for a bit to check out the town.  Or just go for a scenic walk while your waiting.3.  It's a bit cold inside.  Ladies, bring a light jacket.4.  No WiFi.
5	Great Food and Great Service.  Our go to restaurant in Cave Creek!!   Sad so many schleppers come to CC to review OUR restaurants and leave bull shit 1 star reviews.  This place is a gem and we LOVE the food and service.  Pretentious Yentas from Phoenix leave your 1 star reviews at home!  Cave Creek is a tough town to exist and we do not like people disparaging our establishments.
5	Our family loves this place.  The food is so good and generous portions of everything.  The servers are all so great too.  So happy you came to Cave Creek.
3	This place is a great addition to Cave Creek.  No wonder there are always lines out the yazoo and parking is at a premium---we have needed a place in town that provides tasty food at reasonable prices in a fun, casual atmosphere.  I find their thin crust pizza perfect---just enough crust to get yummy toppings to my mouth and cut in convenient squares.  I love the Pablo Picasso salad.  The sausages and peppers and onions are delish.  Service is pretty good considering the traffic===they screw up, but they fix it with grace and speed.  I am really happy Oregano's has come to town!And kudos to the company that they spent the time and money to rehab one of the oldest buildings instead of tearing it down.  I think that says a lot.
1	Once again I decided to call ahead and was told there is a long wait about 45 minutes. Decided not to go again. what kind of place everyday has such a long wait for dinner and it is only 5:30pm on a Tues in summer. Give me a break. I will wait until all of the hoopla dies down.
5	Great Food and Great Service.  Our go to restaurant in Cave Creek!!Service is top notch and the food is delicious.
1	Several people had told me that Oregano's had great pizza so I stopped in to order a pie to go. I ordered the Aunt Marguerita with thin crust. (Fresh tomatoes with fresh fresh basil.) I tasted it right away (while it was still fresh) and it was one of the worst pizzas I'd ever had. Their cheese blend is funky and very stingy. Their crust was was tasteless and like cardboard. And, perhaps, true to their name, there was an over-whelming flavor of oregano. Too much. Costco's pizza is 100 times better than what I had at Oregano's. The woman at the cash register who helped me was delightful, however.
1	Extremely long wait to be seated.  Another extremely long wait after order was placed.  Dinner arrived 45 minutes after we were told it was coming right out.  Toilet in ladies room backed up and would not flush.  Dining room unbelievably noisy.  Will not go back to this location. Last, but not least, short pour on the wine!
5	For all around value and experience: Just went to lunch to meet some girlfriends and loved it so much I brought my husband back the next day.  It's a complete dining experience including not only the food but the way it is laid out with booths and round tables, decorated with antiques, italian music playing, amazing friendly culture that made me feel special.  They want to make sure you are completely happy and the prices are very reasonable.  I wanted the shimp pasta made with spinach instead of pasta, my waitress thought I meant the shrimp salad.  The kitchen manager delivered the salad and without even a hesitation, gladly took the salad back and brought me what I wanted.  He even said he would make a crustless pizza for me since I have to be gluten free.  The first day I had the beef salad and it was too hot for me, they took it back and made it without any jalapenos and it was delicious, the meat was tender and it was huge.  I thought that was above and beyond because the waiter did warn me and I still ordered it so technically it was my fault.
3	I have been here twice now, and had a similar experience both times. No long waits at lunch time. Excellent servers, very accommodating. The food was just ordinary. The tv's only stuck on playing old 50's shows. By biggest complaint is the salads. They are not crisp at all. Kind of like they are prepared in advance with too much dressing. Also, I had chicken in my salads, and I didn't care for it either. Kind of rubbery.
2	Waiting.....So. Much. Waiting. Don't bring kids here and don't go if you have an hour to eat. You need 2 hours here. Service is so painstaking s-l-o-w. We have been here twice on Sunday evening - around 8pm. Never seen a manager or even an essence of a manager. It's weird. You walk in and the hostess will say - there will be a 20 minute wait and there are tables open?? I think this place is either under staffed or the manager is not lighting a fire under anyone's butts to get things moving. I knew the food would be great because Oregano's food is always great. WE WILL NOT BE BACK UNTIL WE HEAR SERVICE HAS IMPROVED. Move people! Stop standing around! The atmosphere will be more lively too, like the feisty,quick,fun Oregano's that I'm used to!
5	First visit last evening on the patio. Seated right away. Our server was Alex & she was delightful & gave amazing service. I hope her parents are very proud of her. She is stellar & has a great personality. The menu & drinks are very reasonably priced. The lasagna was to die for!  This will be my new favorite place!  Loved it!  Great atmosphere too.
4	We love having this Oregano's location. Always polite staff and not as long a wait as other locations.  Today's selection as garlic bread to start and a Bistro Classic pizza to share.  Just enough for the 2 of us.  I love the LARGE glasses so they don't have to keeping coming back for refills.
5	Went back for visit #2. Great service (thank you Brandon) & excellent food. The lasagna is amazing!  Love it here!!
4	We are so glad Oregano's came to cave creek...the food is always good and if you go early you don't have to wait, I have seen the lines on weekends it is crazy!! I only wish they had more seating space., and better parking!!
5	Stopped here one day on the way home after viewing the online menu, and spotted this delicious desert. I'm not a big fan of sweets, but this is a must have. Your choice of a 1/2 pound of Chocolate Chip, Peanut Butter Chocolate or White Chocolate Macadamia Nut cookie dough, slightly baked in a 6-inch pizza pan then topped with 3 scoops of vanilla bean ice cream. I would like to add that they give you the option to order a combination of the dough. I'll be back
1	There is little to say about this place other than it is just not good. We ordered a variety of items and not one of them was good. We, as usual, did carry out and were unimpressed by this experience as well. Ended up waiting much longer than the quoted time (which was already super long - 45 min, no joke). The parking lot was packed to the brim and I'm not quite sure why - I think I will just head to Olive Garden next time.
3	The food is always good, but it took 16 minutes to even be acknowledged by the waitstaff. Very frustrating especially when employees are standing around and chatting.
5	Has to be brand new as I've never seen it heading up to Cave Creek before.  It's funny as it almost feels like a chain restaurant in Cave Creek, but not in Phoenix.  Great staff and service as you find at every Oreganos.  Pizza was perfect and as always the Beefstro salad was our favorite.  This location has a better, more wide open patio than most and wasn't as crazy busy yet as the rest.  On a Thursday night our wait was only 15 minutes.  They had a sling for the baby to rest in and seem to have better beers on tap than they used to.  Lagunitas IPA was a plus as we had just finished up at the Farmers Market and in need of a beer.  Will definitely be back when out in Cave Creek or craving Oreganos without the hour wait for a table.
5	Holy cannoli!! Their serving sizes are huge!! It was my first time there. I ordered the antipasto salad and I could only eat half. It tasted great. I also got to try their very deep dish pizza (lunch size). Overall the food was good. Will be back again soon.
4	Shrimp Scampi - cooked to perfection! Authentic Italian cooking, a hidden gem in Cave Creek. The Marinara and pastas were cooked the way your mother would have if she came from Brooklyn. I would stay away from the appetizers if your a true foodie but the entrees are the real deal, they are the reason the parking lot is crowed every night and are a reason to come back again and again....service is top notch as well....a nod to Kareem....thank you for a great family dinner.
4	We visited many of their other locations before and the experience has been always good. We love going to cave creek and we are exited about having one more option for dinner when we go. This location in particular is always busy, so busy that people wait up to 2 hours to eat there... Crazy right !!!!!'Well call us crazy because we waited 57 minutes to get a table and it was worth it.. The boon dip was great, the pizza was good and the service was excellent.Congratulations to Oregano's on this new location
5	I am from Chicago, and still live there, so I do know a bit about Chicago style pizza.  We were staying in Cave Creek back in September, and noticed the Oregano's on Cave Creek Road.  There were only two of us, so we were seated immediately in the very nice outdoor area.  Being hungry, we decided to have an appetizer with our selected craft beers, and decided on the Guaca-Tony, which is a deliciously huge cool guacamole appetizer pizza.  This could have been filling enough, but we also ordered a pan pizza.  The pizza was great, and I consider it the closest to Chicago style in the Phoenix area.  We've had others, and this was the best!Our waiter (Connor I believe), was great, and the atmosphere was fun and relaxed.  We got such a kick out of the waiters wearing their "LEGALIZE MARINARA" T-shirts, that we had to pick up a few to bring home.From a Chicagoan's point of view, Oregano's is definitely the closest to home in the Phoenix area, and we will be back!
5	Hand's down, Oregano's is our favorite pizza joint in all of the Phoenix area. We have eaten at several, however the new Cave Creek location is nearest to our home. We tend to go "off hours" or before the rush times, never having to wait more than a couple minutes for a table. The pizza, of course, is superb and the wait staff here is great. They are always friendly and easy to visit with.We went on my birthday in Oct and  I had no idea there was a "birthday cookie". Susan(waitress) brought out this incredible, warm, freshly baked 6"-8" cookie with melting ice cream on top and needless to say, after eating most of a medium pizza, I made room for the cookie....yes, I shared with my wife....We love the pizza so much here, we find it difficult to order anything else off the menu!
5	Great food. Everything. Plan on ordering too much because everything sounds so enticing. Also after 4pm plan to wait. This place is so popular you could wait and hour or more. Tough wait for kids. Service is excellent. The meatballs are to die for.
4	This place is always busy. Worth the wait though. Food is good and the portions are huge. You may want to consider sharing a meal. They have the best pizza in the area. I'm from Chicago and this is the closest I've found so far.
1	Not sure what all the hypes about..   but you can almost read the newspaper thru a larfe peperoni pizza with extra cheese.... paid 43 bucks for 2 pizzas. I am not impressed. Step up your game Oreganos!!
