5	Seriously. I love this guy. I've been taking cars there for years, and I can tell you he never gives you a hard time, is totally honest, and never gives you a list of things you may want to fix. One time, he fixed a recurring problem with my oxygen sensors and catalytic converter that another shop couldn't fix (they had replaced the parts twice and still hadn't solved the issue.) Brian looked at the problem as a whole instead of just reading the electronic report-and he fixed it! It was super simple and cost about an hour of labor.I just brought in a new (used) car for him to look over, and he sent me away with an all-ok.If you want a mechanic that will be honest, look at your car as a system, and charges reasonable and more than fair prices, take your car to Future Service.Brian rocks.
5	Brian has worked on our 92 Navajo, our 03 Nissan Z, my current 07 Mustang, my 01 Focus, and my 94 Escort - and ALWAYS gave us a thorough explanation and fair pricing.   I cannot recommend Brian highly enough.   He is a superstar in coveralls.   Another reviewer mentioned the state of the shop - he's right.  It's filthy and uninviting - but WHO CARES.   Your car is in great hands and you can surely find something better to do than to hang out while it gets fixed.
5	Brian is an honest mechanic. My wife has been going to Future Service Automotive with her Mazda 626 for many years and not once has she been led astray by Brian. I am slightly mechanically inclined and still send my wife to Brian due to his great work.I highly recommend him.
5	I was referred to Brian by a friend who has been going to him for years.  He is FANTASTIC!!! He is honest, dependable, and very fairly priced.  I trust him absolutely implicitly. I have taken cars to him for inspection before I buy them, and completely base my buying decisions on his opinion.  I have never had a mechanic I trusted in my life, until now.  I HIGHLY, HIGHLY recommend Brian at Future Service!!!
5	I have been giving Brian my business for over many years now (since my first car!) and before that, it was family who had already had years of business before that.. so I can honestly say that I would hands-down recommend Brian for any automotive needs.  We've always had Hondas and that has always been what we've taken to Brian for either routine maintenance or if something has happened (or to get car vitals check if we're buying or selling a used car). I recently recommended him to other family.  They have been praising him for saving them many hundreds of dollars on a repair (their other 'mechanic' had quoted and estimated initially) on a POS car they just use to commute.  They are now Brian converts :)His shop is crazy messy and don't expect any kind of luxury looks or ambiance, but expect an expert - hard working, honest!!!, very kind, and straightforward business person.  I am a girl and not once has he needed to 'dumb' things down for me, he is very good at explaining what is wrong and how he is going to fix me.  My most memorable experience was when I was in college (and thus poor), I brought my Civic to him for an issue and though the dealer was going to charge me 130 for parts and labor, he instructed me to buy the part online ($20) and bring it to his shop and he'd show me how to do it myself to save in labor - that $130 problem became a $20 solution! WHO DOES THAT?  Brian is awesome in my book!
5	PHENOMENAL!!!! HONEST!!!!! GOOD MAN BRIAN-saved my doggy!  I will be giving Brian all my business for as long as I am in AZ. I went there based on the yelp review Friday after Midas couldn't figure out the reason my car alarm was randomly going off. This was noon before a 3 day holiday weekend and Brian took an hour to sort out the circuitry and unhook some wires to see if anything made a difference. He figured I would need an actuator for my driver door since it's the main lock communicating with the key fab. He did that after the weekend and only charged 145 for it (wouldn't let me pay him on Friday)! The very next day I accidently LOCKED my keys in my CAR with my DOG in it !!!!  95 degrees and dog in car, is a CRISIS. First I called a locksmith so they were on their way in 30 min then the police who said it was an emergency and were sending the fire truck. In the meantime I dialed Brian to see if he had recommendations how to get in best. He actually said he had a box of old keys and they might work so HE DROVE TO US and beat the fire dept and locksmith and opened my car on the 5th key try. Cancel 911 and locksmith, BRIAN to the rescue. Honest dependable service at a reasonable price. He is very knowledgeable and easy to understand and talk too. I don't know anyone else who can say they can call their mechanic anytime and have him pick up the phone willing to help. THANK YOU BRIAN!
5	Awesome service can be found here.   After spending time at two other places where they could not diagnose why my car wouldn't start. As a last resort, they pushed me while I had the car in 2nd gear and it started.  I called Brian at Future Service Auto, who not only stayed open til I could get the car to him, he diagnosed the issue within 2 minutes. The rubber button on the clutch safety switch was missing!!  The part was ordered and it was ready the next morning.  Thanks, Brian!
5	I almost never write reviews. However, I'm leaving Phoenix and it's the least I could do for Brian. If you can't tell, Brian is the owner and the only employee of Future Service Automotive (as far as I can tell, anyway) and his shop looks like it got hit by a car tornado.Don't scoff. He's also the best mechanic I've ever met.Most importantly, he is always honest about the service on your car, and will even give you cheaper options if you are hard-up. I've left my car with him three or four times, and he has consistently finished his work on it in less time than expected.He also fully explains the problem with your vehicle before handing you back the keys, and if possible explains the cheapest/best way to get anything taken care of that he doesn't service. Brian will never do any work that you didn't ask him to, and he always quotes the maximum price it will cost (it's worked out to be a bit cheaper every single time, something which is uncommon among mechanics).When I say goodbye to Phoenix, I'll regret losing the best mechanic in the world. If you're sick of dealing with awful car dealerships and mechanics who add on hundreds of dollars of service for no reason, go to Future Service and talk to Brian. He'll be the dude lying on the floor under a car with three fans blowing on him due to a lack of air conditioning.
5	I've been using Future Service for years and I've never had a bad experience.  Brian is extremely honest and fair.  I've never once had to worry that he was being dishonest or trying to make extra money off me.  I recommend this place to everyone.
5	Thanks Brian!  I love how detailed you are when you discussed what the car needed and why. I am really glad you persuaded me to leave the car over night to make sure all the leaks were covered.  If it wasn't for that the leak to the coolant would have been missed!  Brian is passionate for what he does and compassionate with all his customers. He educates you as he points out the problem and what he has done to fix it. Thanks again!
5	Brian is a nice guy and the BEST mechanicWe have been taking our cars to him for about 15 years and we currently have 5. That includes our kids older cars and our newer cars. Brian communicates well, is honest and thorough. He will work with you on priorities or budget when needed and he does warranty work on newer cars. My mom took her personal and work vehicles to Brian for years as well. The shop is not pretty inside or out, but what matters is that Brian is excellent at what he does, fairly priced, and most importantly he can be TRUSTED.
5	Brian is the only honest mechanic I think I've ever met. LOL.  Not only is he ethically sound, but a great mechanic as well.  Take your vehicle into him, he'll give you great service at a fair price. Keep up the good work B!
5	I have been taking cars to Brian for over 20 years and have recommended him to countless family and friends and he never disappoints.  One of the things I love about Brian is his honesty.  For example, when you take your car to him, he will tell you what needs to be done right away vs what needs to be taken care of down the road (pardon the pun). For many of the years I was going to Brian, I was a single mom who had been taken advantage of by other mechanics since I knew nothing abt cars.  Brian's honesty was and is refreshing and greatly appreciated.  My 83 year mom took her car into another shop that she has been going to for longer than I've been going to Brian.  They wanted to do close to $2000 worth of work on a car that isn't even worth that much. My husband and I convinced her to let Brian give her a second opinion.  After he checked it out we learned that not only did it need the $2000 worth of work but once that was corrected, another $1000 or so would be needed almost immediately to correct various other problems. It's just not worth it on a 20 year old car with crazy high mileageI'm thankful to Brian for helping my mom see that it makes more sense to put that money into buying a newer more reliable car.  The other shop would have just kept pulling more and more money out of my mom and at 83, she certainly doesn't need that!  The bottom line is that if you are looking for someone who is fair, honest, super knowledgeable, reasonably priced as well as incredibly nice, give Brian a call.  You won't be disappointed.
5	Honest service, told me everything that was critical to be completed and things that could wait. Thanks Brian you were awesome!  I will recommend your business and definitely return to complete the rest of what needs to be competed on my Honda Element shortly!
