3	I'm truly surprised I'm the first to review this location. I went last night with the folks for my little brother's b-day dinner. The hostess sat us right away. The waiter Marcus was probably one of the best servers I've seen in a long time. He made sure to go through all of the drink specials for us. My mom asked for a particular beer and when he said they didn't have that one, he then offered to bring her a sample of something very close to it. After we got our drink orders we went ahead and ordered our apps, and entrees. Food:  The ahi tuna app comes with two dipping sauces and is delicious! We also got the Blooming Onion, which I'm sure everyone has had before, so no need to elaborate. Now here comes the interesting part of our dinner.... Once we got our entrees for some reason the kitchen plated all our food wrong, so we had to do a musical steak dance and pick up our steaks and place them with the correct sides that they corresponded with. This actually isn't the first time this sort of thing has happened to me. The last time my husband and I visited this Outback location we had the same debacle occur.  To give credit where credit is due: Marcus was an awesome server and he probably would have corrected our plates if he had been the one to bring our order out to our table. The kitchen had someone else bring the order out instead, so Marcus our server didn't get a chance to fix the kitchen mistake.  Also, the sides were not the proper portion.  Before we could even complain, Marcus went ahead and brought us out additional sides. Marcus - You get 5 stars for amazing service. Kitchen - You get 2 stars - You need to work on your plating. = 3 star review
3	Several years ago I would have given this place 4-5 stars probably.  This location has been here for a long time and may very well be one of the first Outback Steakhouse's in the area.  I've got no major complaints on the menu items.  I particularly like their salads mostly because they actually serve them chilled (which every place should do!)  I've also had the small steak filet and my favorite is the talapia lump crab meat dish.  Also that's the lowest calorie plate on the menu...FYI.  My biggest gripe is that over time the servings have become smaller...boo!  Also, they hardly ever have drink specials....another boo!That being said, I will always have to come here b/c my daughter absolutely loves the Mac-A-Roo-ni and Cheese kids meal.....so I'll see you again shortly.....lol :)
2	This place has gone down hill, loved outback back in the day, now the food is blan and overpriced
3	I agree with the other comments, I use to love this place years ago. It's just not that special anymore. The portions have gotten smaller and the prices have gone up. The food is STILL good. I picked up dinner tonight for the two of us. The 12oz sirloin was very tasty & cooked just right. The wife got the salmon. It was a little over done to the point of being dry. Her steamed veggies were nice and flavorful. I can't complain about the salads either, fresh and cold. Yum! This is still an "every once in a while" kind of place.
1	I quit going to this place years ago as it was a sh-thole then and sounds like things haven't changed much, plus the allure of the "bloomin' onion" wore off a LONG time ago......with all the great steak places in Charlotte to go to, why would ANYONE still want to go here?...a little hint, as far as chain-restaurants go, Texas Roadhouse serves a GREAT steak and a great meal, I'd compare some of their cuts w/anything I've gotten at a Sullivans or Ruth's Chris...as far as an upscale steakhouse I don't think you can beat Sullivans
2	Whatever happened to this place?First you're greeted by 2-3 snotty, pretty hostesses to take your parties' name down. By the looks of their faces,they spend a lot of their time judging the people that walk in the door. You see a lot of eye-rolling and pointing.After a lengthy wait, you're finally seated and rushed to give your drink orders as soon as the menu hits the table, not really giving you the chance to soak in what the bar has to offer. I remember back in the day, the beer mug came so cold that there was a nice ice froth in my beer. Those days are gone.As far as appetizers are concerned, the Bloomin' Onion is the generic way to go. Still tasty as ever but the other choices are just meh.The Aussie Cheese-Fries are hit and miss.Cesar salad, while chilled nicely, is mostly full of tough stalks of lettuce, The dressing is good though, if not a bit skimpy.I only enjoy their ribs here as far as meals go anymore. They never cooked my steak properly and I still cannot believe they discontinued serving the meatiest, most delicious king crab legs I've ever had. I know how they reboot movies and television shows these days, can they try it with some restaurants for a change?I don't know if I would go back.Your pal,Walter
3	Three and 1/2 stars. Being in Charlotte, where the lowest fast food franchises get 4 stars I couldn't understand why Outback rated so low ... but I think I've figured it out: if there's one thing that local Yelpers are unforgiving about, it's $$$$.Charging around $20+ for 10 to 12 oz of beef with a side of mashed potatoes may be average at the national scale but it's pretty expensive for this type of venue here. So much so that I went for the burger instead, plain, nothing but the meat with a dab of mustard. It was served juicy, cooked the way I asked and the ground beef was primo, among the best burger meat I've had anywhere. The Caesar salad, like always, bears no relationship to the real thing but the dressing had a tasty bite to it so it was not boring. The fries are the standard frozen stuff but they were cooked right and not over salted or spiced with artificial flavors. The damage for the burger with fries and the salad was just under $12 - not including drinks, tax and tip. Considering the quality I think it's reasonable and Outback has become my go-to burger in this neighborhood.
4	wow ...Have not been here in a long time . Was nervous about returning here after a couple of bad experiences, but this experience almost perfect ! We all ordered sirloin and lobster and all dinners were perfect . The only thing was the cheese fries appetizer was much smaller than it used to be for the regular portion and they forgot to add the bacon which the server brought. Overall was a great experience.
1	Ate here with a $25 gift card from my boyfriends work. We didn't come with any high expectations, other than a free meal.I knew there weren't going to be many vegetarian entree options, but there were NONE. Oh man, so insert the part where I have to look like a total jerk asking for a frankenstein-style salad with no meat, while the waiter looks at me like I'm crazy when I ask him which dressing is the best.The salad was boring and small and overpriced, but it was edible.We ordered a Bloomin' Onion for an appetizer. It was actually pretty tasty at first (or maybe I was just ravenous), but the more I ate, the more I could feel my mouth, face, and fingers getting soaked in oil. Ugh.I left the restaurant feeling kind of gross, but at least the facility was clean and the staff were polite.
1	I'm going to keep this short, because I didn't even stick around for dinner.  99.99% of the time when I have a reservation, I have a table waiting for me (or I have to wait a nominal amount of time, such as 5 minutes for the staff to clear one).  When I called this location yesterday (6/30/12) to schedule a reservation they told me my preferred time of 6.30 pm was full but that they could get me a table at 6.45pm.  We arrived at 6.45pm only to be told that it'd be 20-30 more minutes.  Now the situation was exacerbated by the fact that when we told them the name our reservation was under they simply handed us a pager and said it'd be 30 minutes, not once even looking at the reservation book...Having just purchased movie tickets for a movie which was showing at 7.40pm, waiting an additional 30 minutes for a table we had already reserved wasn't going to fly.So Instead we went to Hops across the street, we were greeted and immediately sat, the service was quick, efficient, and we made our movie on time.  Needless to say for all future dining needs in that area I will not waste my time with Outback again, instead I'll go right to Hops...  To everyone else out there, wake up, Outback isn't worth the kind of money they charge, you live in a city with great dining options you should skip this restaurant location...
3	Ok. I've given this place two chances before writing this review. Note: This location does not do reservations. This means they do not guarantee a table at a specific time, nor do they reserve tables, but uses a call-ahead system which places a party ahead of walk-ins. The food is pretty good, but the service provided by Jamil (spelling?) was atrocious. We've had him as our server twice, now and he has a personality like a rock and really doesn't seem to care about his guests. To give an example, he will let you sit with an empty glass for half an hour before coming by. He couldn't even use the excuse that they were busy, because they weren't.  My daughter got so frustrated with him she finally asked the manager to change our server. I will go back, but will refuse service by Jamil. By the way...we had what was probably the best Bloomin' Onion we've ever had at Outback. We had the 12 ounce prime rib and the 14 ounce rib eye and both were done correctly and tasted very good. I had the baked potato and it was okay. The potato soup seemed a little thin and was not as good as their clam chowder. I probably would have given this Outback 4 starts if the service by Jamil had been up to par.
2	I don't even know that I can do a fair review - but my review is based on my preference of food that doesn't tear through my digestive tract like a SCUD missile.  I avoid Outback like the plague because whatever they put on their meat assures me that I am going to have a miserable night.  However, with a surprise visit (if surprise means they drove 8 hours, so you feel obligated to drop everything you are doing and put on pants and a bra to meet them for a crappy dinner, then surprise it is) from family, I fell on the grenade and ate at Outback.Said family called at 4:00 pm and said they were 45 minutes away and headed towards a hotel in Matthews and wanted to meet for dinner.  Well, shit.  I live about 10 minutes from Matthews, but aside from visiting my parents and the occasional trip to Sycamore Commons to shop or Cracker Barrel with the folks, I don't frequent Independence Blvd and have no idea where to go eat.  In particular when put on the spot.  In the interest of a short drive for them and a restaurant that they would recognize the name of, I suggested (wearily) Outback.  I called at 4:30 to inquire about call ahead seating and was assured that when I arrived at 6:30, my name would go to the top of the list.  Wrong.I arrived ahead of the fam at 6:30.  They got there a few minutes after me.  I was given the buzzer and because it was a Saturday night at the Outback, it was packed.  The seating area was jammed, as was the doorway because the sheeple are too stupid to move out of the only way to get in and out of the building.  I waited outside with the smokers, that was fun.  I waited for 45 minutes.  At a place that I had called ahead to.  That I don't like.  Attitudes from the hostesses and those waiting were in full force.  After our defective buzzer didn't go off (of course), one of the hostesses came outside to call my name one last time before they gave the table away.  (f$&#!)  FINALLY we were seated.  Everyone was starving.  The family member I was with is all about discounts, coupons, etc. and I was already prepared to overtip the waitress to compensate.  Bread was brought, it was meh.  We ordered a bloomin' onion, that was fried and swimming in grease, so it was good (we were all starving).  I ordered a salad with some steak on it to hopefully avoid distress (that didn't work).  The salad was fine, the meat was tough, but cooked correctly (it was exactly what I was expecting).  One family member got the filet well-done and then promptly coated it in ranch (she makes me cry on the inside when she does that) and the other family member got... hell, I don't even know, I just wanted to get out of there.  The entire meal got a solid meh from everyone.  Portions were pitiful, meat looked like it was from the day old counter, etc... it was Outbackish.  Service was excellent though - she kept on top of drink refills and stopped to check on us several times.  Bless her heart.  Then began the waitress, one manager, second manager rounds at our table because no one was aware of the new iphone app that Outback had a $10 coupon on.  The first manager visited a few times and then never came back after saying he was going to get the big manager.  The second manager just took the $10 off, which is what I would have done.  I am not spending all night going around and around about $10.  (the family member became increasingly hostile as she had to re-explain the app three times and I really wanted to just give her $20 and leave).  I have never had to argue with someone before about taking $10 off - and I am sorry your corporate office doesn't fill you in on their promotions - it isn't the responsibility of the diner to explain, no matter how argumentative they are.The whole experience was exactly why I don't like Outback - an eternal wait while herded like cattle and bad, overpriced food (for a few dollars more, I can eat at my favorite steak place and won't spend the night in a cold sweat gripping a bottle of Pepto).  Kudos to our waitress, she hung in there and kept a good attitude, but I will NOT be returning.
1	Double check your Togo order because they did not put anything I have requested in my Togo order. Not enough of sauce, wrong butter, and gave me the wrong shrimp.
2	The food is usually decent to above average but nothing remarkable. Outback will never be your best meal. Just as their name implies, I would get the steak and prevent the imminent disappointment of an alternative mediocre dish. Kudos to their bread and cheesy fries though, they're not bad at all.Most items on the menu seem a tad overpriced and the service is usually slow. They're so packed on a Friday or Saturday night that you can forget about having less than a 45 minute wait, which is astounding considering how mediocre this Outback is. Most dishes are filled with an overabundance of cheese and butter, and I always have a mild stomach ache a couple hours after I eat there whether it's chicken, a burger, or pasta. Kinda the same effect I feel after eating at Mickey D's. But at least I can give Mcdonald's some leniency because I didn't pay $15 to eat there.You could do worse, but there are so many more worthwhile options if you're willing to drive ten minutes off of Independence Blvd.
2	SSSoooo "chain" restaurant. Generic, overly salted and way overpriced. I don't eat beef, so maybe that's why I don't get it (I ordered salmon).
4	It's a bit pricey for a chain restaurant, but the food is really good.  Our servers were top notch and so friendly.  We will go back!
2	Had this review been written thirty years ago, the rating may have been better. Then again, it might have been impressive indeed, being the the interwebs themselves didn't really exist in any appreciable form.Nonetheless, Outback isn't what it once was - but are any of us? The good news is that you generally don't find the lines that used to congregate outside of the Outback. The bad news is that the inside hasn't changed much. Probably because most people have moved on from the shrimp on the barbie to the casual steakhouse concept (there are so many, I have to assume that is the problem).On the plus side, the Outback isn't bad - it just isn't what it was. The setting is nice enough, and the food is nice enough. Service is even solid. But there are so many better choices that it isn't really worth the effort on most nights. Now Outback seems to realize this that you might be able to score a gift card or other coupon, and in that case, it might be worthwhile.The bad part is that, as has been mentioned elsewhere, their portions are going down, while their competitors are increasing their portion sizes. that isn't good. Also the blooming onion has lost it's luster. It's oily and nasty. Maybe it always has been, but now we have moved on as well. The Outback needs to be out back. Near the dumpster.
3	Loved the cheese fries. Not bad for me considering I've never been to other outback locations. Food takes a while to arrive. Sirloin was dry and wasn't cooked the way I asked...rice wasn't too good. (Me being Hispanic like my rice to be perfect) The coconut shrimp were really good.
1	If a steak house can't cook a steak where can they cook a steak?
3	Pretty run on the mill outback. It is a chain so table turning is to be expected to an extent. We came at 6 on a Sunday night and the wait was fairly long. We went to the bar and easily found 2 empty seats. I think bar service is better at this location so it was no problem sitting there (and bonus no wait time!!)Food is decent. Ahi tuna is the best starter they have hands down. This is your right down the middle average restaurant. If I had the choice id go elsewhere, but overall not terrible.
1	Worst outback I've been to. The service sucks and there food is not good. Very ran down so don't waist your time and money at this location. I do love outback tho, just not this location.
5	Wow!Always Great Food, Great Service and super nice people!Wife had the Salmon...delicious!I had the Outback Steak Special...big one...always consistent and always tasty!
2	I tried this location once more. I took my wife and daughter here for lunch. There were  only a couple tables occupied so there was no reason for such slow service. We all had soup and salad with a bloomin. onion to share. It took over two hours for us to eat lunch! My wife and daughter asked for some catsup fot the onion and it took our server twenty minutes to bring that.. I will never go back. Oh...the clam chowder was good, but the potato soup was thin and flavorless. My daughtr=er didn't even finish hers, which I've never seen happen before. She normally loves potato soup.
2	Someone needs to re-train their cook staff.  "Well done" does NOT mean overdone and dried out to the point of being closer to beef jerky than a nice cut of fillet!  And you can ignore those photos on their website and menu .. my wife's 6 oz fillet was only 1/4" thick and looked like a hockey puck.  We even had to ask them if they were sure that was the fillet.   I gave then 2 stars because my prime rib was good ( tho not medium as I had requested .. more medium-rare), the other sides were good, and the service in general was good.  Our waitress was promptly attentive.   But don't order the so-called "fillet".
5	We had not been to outback in a long time, but tonight we had gone to Texas Road House and they were not very accommodating for our group of 11. So we called outback I spoke to the manager Zeek he immediately worked out a table for 11 and told us to go ahead and come to the restaurant that the table was ready.  I thought this was amazing because we thought we would have to sit for 45min. He has awesome customer service and met all of our needs. Also our waitress Sarah was great.  If you have not been here in a while just try it.
3	The food was typical outback food.  Good steak with ok appetizers and vegetables.  The service can be slow at this location, but it was busy when I was there.  I would go again if I want cheap good steak.
2	They made us wait 15min for a table, but there are at least 8 tables empty and set for seating right next to the waiting area. Bad servoce
