3	It's hard to really get excited about  a dry-cleaning place, and I'm not about to start here. But Gateway Cleaners is reliable (thus far) and hasn't ruined any of my clothes yet. I just checked with my girlfriend, and she said the same thing: in a year they've been wholly mistake-free. Excuse me for a sec while I go knock on wood. It takes two to three days for your clothes to come back to the store (a few days longer for suits and, I'm told, dresses etc), and the proprietors are usually spot-on with their guesses as to how long you'll have to wait. They also do great alteration work and have laundry service, too. The same woman is there every day, and she's super-nice and friendly, which is obviously always a plus. I'll continue to rely on Gateway Cleaners for as long as, well, I live in the Gateway area.
5	I just went through training this past week for a new job that I start on Monday. The company gave us uniforms that this woman altered and had ready on Saturday. (3/9/13) She worked on 2 of my friends' shirts & pants and three pairs of my pants. Our company paid for all of the alterations. I thought that was great service!
4	Great and fast service. Bummer that they took away shoe service. They also do same day service  if you bring in before 8 am! Whoohooo!
1	This review is for alterations only. Based on other reviews here, it seems they are good at dry cleaning, so I'm suggesting they just stick to that. I had a handful of garments altered here and they all turned out poorly.I needed some business casual clothing taken in and hemmed on short notice. That's what I got. I even got a discount for paying cash. Everything seemed great until I got home and tried on the garments. On one pair of pants, the legs were hemmed at different lengths (one shorter than the other). On another pair, only the back seam was taken in (rather than the 2 sides), moving the back pockets ridiculously close together. A blouse was taken in too much near the top and not enough at the bottom, causing a lot of pulling across the bust and a weirdly loose fit elsewhere. Bottom line: trust them to clean your clothes, but not to alter them.
