5	Love this place.  Great owners.  Delicious take on southern food.  Being from the South I take my biscuits and gravy seriously and these guys do not disappoint.  Their chicken is the truth.
5	First thing you should know about Old Dixie's: It is a food truck and thus you should visit their website to find where they actually will be located when you have a hankering for delicious food.Second thing you should know about Old Dixie's: Jen, one of the co-owners, is amazing and will happily chat with you about the source of every ingredient featured on their menu, the methodology behind the various dishes, and anything else you desire. Third thing: The chicken, biscuit, and gravy sandwich is amazing. Everything is locally sourced as much as possible and cooked very well--the fried chicken was moist yet crispy, the biscuit flaky, and the country gravy was phenomenal. Can't wait to try the chorizo meatloaf and arugula sandwich next time!
5	5 stars as compared to other food trucks.Best food truck breakfast (the only 'meal' I've had from them).  Biscuits and gravy, fried chicken biscuit with cheese, bacon and gravy (!!) and the breakfast biscuit (egg, cheese and bacon) all were top-notch.  Fried chicken breast was moist and well cooked.
5	Generous sized piece of white meat chicken, southern fried (with zesty spices) laid on top of a oversized biscuit covered in white gravy. Just like my grandma used to make. So full of flavor, so filling. I could only eat half before my belly expanded beyond the reach of my pants. Best $8 I've spent all day! I'm going to Facebook stalk them so I can partake in some more of their other southern goodness!
5	HOLY SHHHHHH......SMOKES Old Dixie, your one of my latest FAVORITE food truck to frequent.  I have even trekked out of my way after reading your post on Facebook of being set up at the Central Farmers Market one Saturday to satisfy a craving I had for your goodness. I am hooked on their SUPER SIZED Biscuits.  This is no Jimmy Dean Microwave Mini Biscuit Sandwich this is REAL and BIG.  I am sure they could put just about anything on or between these and it would be FABULOUS!  As I daydream back to the first time I tried Old Dixie's it was a cool Autumn night in Downtown Phoenix, First Friday was in full effect and I had already planned to catch my dinner at one of the food trucks stationed at the Roosevelt Row Art Market .  I had tried each one there, some more than once....but this was new, uncharted territory for me and I was ready to experience it.    Reading the menu I didn't know what to expect  most if not all their sandwiches are $8.  Eight dollars for a biscuit sandwich I thought imagining some Pillsbury Grands Sized Biscuit or a KFC Biscuit.  But I thought what the heck, it is my goal to give every Truck a chance.  I ordered the Chicken, bacon cheddar and Gravy sandwich, and I was reassured by the young lady taking my order that I made a wise choice as that is one of their most popular.  As I took a spot near the Pick-Up window,  I glance over to see another persons order....HOLY SH*T....is that the Sandwich?!   It was HUUUGE.  Shortly there after my name was called and I picked up my own piece of history.  Little did I know then that I would be quite taken with Old Dixie's.  The biscuit , thick and the perfect balance between soft and sturdy enough to be a sandwich.  The chicken was a moist generous piece of crispy fried chicken breast.  This was then topped with a creamy authentic country gravy, thick smokey well cooked (not to much not too little) bacon and a slice of cheddar cheese.  LOVE....I took on this sandwich with a Knife and Fork....and had to save half for later.Since that day I have also tried their Carolina Pulled Pork Biscuit Sandwich.  A generous portion of  Pork  so smokey and tender  is topped with a mustard style bbq sauce and a red cabbage slaw.  Ohhh  Old Dixie's I will be back and I will bring all my friends to come enjoy your down home goodness!
