5	Very nice office and staff. Great experience having my wisdom teeth out. Great place.
5	Carlos Letelier is the best doctor I've met! He's an amazing surgeon! He treated me so well when I came in for my consultation, he answered all my questions very well and I understood everything! He performed my surgery perfectly and quickly and I was back on my feet that same day. He also called me personaly to check on me. His office is beautiful, everyone is so nice, and everything is clean and it didn't feel like a dentists' office at all! I absolutely refer this doctor for all your oral surgery needs! You will be treated with the up most respect by Carlos Letelier and his employees!
5	I cant tell you how scared i was to get my wisdom teeth pulled.They made me feel so comfortable and made the experience as enjoyable as possible. I felt like I was in good hands 100% of the time and I was very happy with the results
5	I had to have my wisdom teeth pulled in my late 30's. Yuck. I was recommended to Dr. Letelier by my general dentist and I see why. This was one of the most professional medical offices I have ever been too. Trust me I've been to a few. The office itself was immaculately clean. The staff was phenomenal. The young lady at the front office took me back immediately even though I was a half hour early. She sat me down and put on Sportscenter and gave me the remote! (How I imagine a doctors office in heaven basically). The doctor apologized for making me wait even though I sat there for about only 7 minutes. Mind you it's not even my appt time yet. Lol. Dr. Letelier was very respectful and seemed genuinely concerned for my condition. I felt very comfortable there unlike many other medical practices throughout LV. Unfortunately, I developed an infection after the initial operation which I'm 99.9% sure was my fault ( please pay attention when they give you post-op conditions to follow). I had to have a second operation which was done immediately at my follow-up appt. for my benefit, even though this particular day was a consultation day and everyone were in professional attire with no other surgeries scheduled. I was impressed. Dr. Letelier called me personally the evening after both operations! Seriously? What other doctors do that?? I hope I'll never need any other oral work done in the future but if I do rest assure it will be at this office. Your in great hands!
5	We took our 99-year uncle for root surgery and everyone in the office was so kind and helpful.  Dr. Letelier is the best oral surgeon we've ever met:  professional, caring, warm and everything you would want in someone cutting in your mouth!
5	Search no further! Dr. Letelier is so personable and professional. I am glad I did my research and found this office. The set up is remarkable and the ambiance is so welcoming. I had 4 wisdom teeth removed 3 days ago. So far so good! From the moment I woke up from surgery I have not had ANY pain whatsoever. I already referred a friend who is seeing him next week.
5	We have a special needs young man with very many dental/gum issues due to his rare condition.  Almost all of his bottom teeth had fallen out and he had a lot of bone loss.  Other dentists maintained that his only option was dentures, but after being referred to Dr. Letelier, he now has his bottom teeth implants!  Many teeth had to be removed before the implants were put in.  Working with Dr. Letelier and his staff was pure delight every step of the way.  During the quite lengthy procedure we were updated on the progress after each step.  The offices are wonderfully comfortable and the staff is so friendly and helpful. What could have been quite a daunting experience was actually pleasant!   I recommend Dr. Letelier very highly with absolutely no reservations to anyone who needs extractions or implants!  We can't thank him enough!
5	Dr. Letelier is an amazing oral surgeon. I drove all the way fromNorthern California to have my work done by him. His staff is incredibly friendly, his office is beautiful, and Dr. Letelier himself does everything he can to make you feel comfortable.
5	I am not a review writer. But I think that when you find a good health care practitioner in this city you should share it. I had my last (4th) wisdom tooth removed this morning. Getting the first 3 removed was the most horrible experience of my life. But Dr. Letelier and his staff put me completely at ease, answered all of my questions and never made me feel like I was being overly anxious, which I was. He did an excellent job. My own dentist wouldn't even touch my tooth because of it's proximity to the nerve, but Dr. Letelier is a master. The tooth is removed, I have no nerve damage and am well enough this evening to resume my regular activities. Thank you so much Dr. Letelier!!!
5	Fantastic! My daughter had all four wisdom teeth out. She had been suffering for a couple of years on and off. This time around the pain was too much and she finally gave in and wanted to see someone. They took her in the next day. The consult, CT and surgery were done all in the same visit. Beautiful office, very warm tones and not clinical at all. As a medical professional, I am not terribly bothered by sterile, clinical hospital atmospheres, but I know that most people, including my daughter are. She was comforted by the decor and setup. CT is done on-site (convenient and impressive), such a time saver. The staff has a very professional appearance. Front office wears business attire, back office wears scrubs. Since my daughter was self-pay (no insurance), it was very nice that this office accepts Care Credit. As for the doctor, he was so nice! He was very thorough, so we didn't really have many questions. Very personable guy. And as far as the amount of time it took for the actual procedure, it was super quick! I think that once she was sedated, it took less than 10 minutes before she was in recovery. I had enough time to walk out the door, get in my car and get 2 blocks down the street toward the pharmacy before I got a call from the doctor telling me that she was done! Post surgery instructions are explained very well and the doctor personally calls the patient again later to make sure that they made it home and are comfortable.I highly recommend this office. One of the most impressive offices that I have ever been to, and I have worked in the medical field for 15+ years and been to many more offices, taking care of my family.
5	Got my wisdom teeth removed today and I loved the clinic very nice and clean,  the staff was very friendly and professional.  They explain everything to you and answer any questions you may have.  I would definitely recommend this place they're awesome! !
5	The Center of Oral Surgery is a state of the line clinic. Dr. Carlos Letelier is by far one of the best specialists I have ever met. His expertise, kindness, and loving staff exceeded my expectations. There is no doubt Dr. Letelier is the best !! I highly recommend him to anybody who has had so many dental problems as I have. You are treated by superb professionals, his clinic is top of the line, impeccable, modern and it is a real pleasure to visit there, never be afraid of Dr. Letelier's hands
5	As a social worker, I have been very fortunate to work with Dr. Letelier many times. When working at a skilled nursing facility, I referred my elderly patients to Dr. Letelier when needing their mouths prepared for dentures. When working at a program with homeless youth, I  referred the kids on my case load to Dr. Letelier when needing their wisdom teeth removed. When needing my own wisdom teeth extracted, it was a no brainer, then, with who I wanted to use. My personal experience from start to finish was pleasant, comfortable, and professionally done. Dr. Letelier is an AMAZING medical professional, and Las Vegas is more than lucky to have him right here in the Valley.Thank you, Dr. Letelier! I hope to work with you again in the future.
4	The office staff and doctor at The Center makes going to the dentist/oral surgeon no longer a scary thing
5	Dr. Letelier is absolutely amazing! I got a referral from my dentist to get all four of my wisdom teeth removed (which I had been putting off for four years, oops) and I'm so happy I didn't go anywhere else. The clinic itself is very clean and the lobby area is really nice and relaxing. He has a great personality and made me feel very at ease during my consultation. Very professional and personable. After the paperwork was signed, it was off to get my teeth out. His staff is wonderful too. Everyone is very friendly and helped to calm my nerves. At one point I even forgot I was getting my teeth out! That's how comfortable they make you feel. The night of getting my wisdom teeth removed, Dr. Letelier called to see how everything was going. It was very nice and thoughtful of him to do so. Thank you so much Dr. Letelier!
5	Dr.Letelier, his team and his office is where you need to go. His office is beautiful every part of it it took away the nervousness I had coming in. It did not at all feel intimidating. The staff is very professional and well groomed. I did have to wait a while but they were very apologetic ,quick to accommodate me and constantly checked on me. The video, the consultation and the billing was clear they covered everything I needed to know and more and the billing was clear cut and fair. Dr. Letelier and the team the worked on me I believe their names was Jennifer, Terry and I can't remember the other guy's name but they were very personable, kind, funny and they had gotten rid of the last ounce of anxiety I had in me in fact before The sedation kicked in I remember laughing with them. My boyfriend and son picked me up and he told me that the guy who give him all the directions and that was attending to me was really professional, thorough and kind. My 7 year old son told me that he was scared when he saw me but a nice lady took him to get a toy. I don't remember all this because I was still out of it but this morning I noticed my daughter also had the same Christmas plush that my son got from the office and she wasn't there at the pick up. I  really greatful that they were good to my family as well.Jacky over at Dr. Bobby Lam's office told me that the oral surgeon they usually refer their people to was fully booked for the rest if the year and I pleaded with her and had her assure me that she would refer me to a really good surgeon and that I am willing to travel anywhere in town as long as she knew she was putting me in good hands. She did a great job referring me to Dr. Letelier's office. My procedure was yesterday I'm still a bit swollen and I haven't had any issues with insurance or billing yet but I am certain everything else will fall into place.
4	I had a wisdom tooth pulled here. Office is beautiful. Staff is extremely professional and very friendly. The doctor himself was great. My only complaint would be about the wait time. It was approx. 1 hour from check-in to actually seeing the doctor. While my husband was less than thrilled...I think he was worth the wait!
