5	Awesome service. Had two watches, one had a battery replaced. The other had an unconventional battery. Understandable since my watches came from a Japanese company. Also looked at engagement rings and John was very helpful in explaining the process. I will always return for battery repairs here.
4	Very nice gentleman who directed me to another watch repair place to have some minor work done on a new Seiko I'd purchased. The only reason he didn't do the work is due to not stocking the parts.
5	We have found the most trusted place for jewelery in Las Vegas.  The Best place with great staff and fantastic service.  We have bought piece from Huntington for very good prices, and have had many repairs at very reasonable prices for our old pieces. If I could give them 100 stars I would.... 5 is not enough.  John is the best.
1	Wanted to get a locket engraved.  Called ahead to get hours of engraver.  Was told he worked Wed-Sat.  Drove from Green Valley to this store's location on Saturday.  When we arrived we were told "the engraver is off today"!  He is the only one who can look at this piece and say whether or not he can engrave it.  We returned on Wed and he was there.  The lady in front indicated for us to come with her into the back.  We were immediately shooed out to the front by the engraver who said he would look at the piece out there.  He said he could do it and told us to come back Friday to pick it up.  The sales/customer rep did up our ticket and this was a feat as she was new and needed help to complete the task.  On Friday we were on this side of town and called to let them know we were on our way to pick it up.  The person who answered the phone said it was not done yet.  We told her we would be there within a half hour and would pick the locket up whether it was done or not.  When we arrived low and behold it was done.  Keep in mind this was not a big job.  Six letters engraved by machine.  The job that was done was so-so.  One side fit well and the other side looked like the last letter was falling off the edge of the piece.  Again we had the misfortune of having the new worker complete our transaction.  My husband wished he had the exact change as he would not have had to endure her bumbling attempts at giving us a receipt.  I would not recommend this place.  Seems like small jobs are not important.
1	They RUINED my ring...I took an engagement ring here a few weeks ago to have the prongs changed from white gold to yellow gold. My husband and I initially ordered this ring from Blue Nile. It WAS a beautiful ring with a fancy yellow diamond. We felt my changing the prongs to  yellow gold to match the diamond it would make it more vibrant... The white gold prongs would wash the diamond out from certain angels.When initially dropping off the ring they said it should take a week or less. After a week of waiting they said it would not be done till mid next week. At that point I decided I wanted my ring back and my husband went to get it... Well, they cut the entire center of the ring out (including the shank/mounting, not just the prongs/head - not what we wanted!). After almost another week (13 days total), we got the ring back. They had replaced the entire head with this big boxy thing that was almost double the size of the previous one. It looked way too big for the stone and did not go with the ring at all. The ring is uneven and the diamonds next to the center stone do not look secure. And now the ring does not fit with the matching wedding band that goes with it.
