5	jamba juice totally rocks i am a big fan they have really good smoothies and bagels thier services is preaty cool and you can order a smoothie with fruit only without the sugar and crap in it!
3	Jamba Juice is a great little smoothie place located in various places around town.  It's big competition is the Tropical Smoothie cafe and both have pro's and con's.  One thing that Jamba lacks is the diversity in healthy options that Tropical Smoothie has.  Alas, Jamba Juice still offers great smoothie options like fresh fruit/no sugar added smoothies for the health conscious
5	Jamba Juice constitutes 1/3 of my daily nutrition.  Since sitting down and eating is a luxury for a grad student, I must now imbibe food if I am to survive regular human hours.My personal usuals are: protein berry workout with the whey and soy boost, and acai anti-oxident with the energy boost.  I also take 3 3G charger shots (120 mg caffeine each) to keep my eyes open though the day and a 1 oz wheatgrass shot to make sure I get something green into my body.  This is the best Jamba Juice in town, the workers are friendly, get the orders right and promptly.
4	Ok, this one takes a close second to Tropical Smoothie Cafe, but it is more convenient to my house. Food items differ greatly between the two competing smoothie places. I've never tried the food here but some things look appealing: flatbreads, oatmeal, and meal smoothies. Basically, we come here for the smoothies. The good thing about this place is that there is a three size menu for the smoothies: sixteen, original, & power. (Like Tropical Smoothie Cafe, weekdays feature Happy Hour- upgrade to power size for less than a dollar- Sold!) Another plus, take out menus here include nutritional information. Another thing to mention is the many  varieties: all fruit, jamba light, blended with a purpose, classics, creamy treats, and iced tead fruit infusions- and boost options, thirteen to be exact, like energy boost, soy protein, and weight burner.My husband's favorite smoothie here is the Peanut Butter Moo'd (creamy treat), which is also featured in the 'Don't Eat That" section in those popular books "Eat this, Not that", due to high calorie & fat content. I've tried the all fruit smoothies but something was lacking (one of the mango ones could of used some nonfat yogurt). Maybe the low calorie focus was the tradeoff, but I decided to try other flavors. The Pomegranate Paradise is made with pomegranate juice, strawberries, mangos, and peaches. I really liked it but my husband said it was a little sour. With 3.5 servings of fruit, it's easy to get your daily 6-9 daily recommended fruits/veggies. My husband got the Aloha Pineapple- pineapple juice, strawberries, bananas, pineapple sherbet, and nonfat plain yogurt. His tasted really sweet compared to mine. I will try other ones since there are summer specials. I love the variety.  Summer (only) deals include: Mondays- 12 oz meal smoothies $3, Tuesdays- 16 oz. alll fruit smoothies $3, Wednesdays- $2 oatmeal, Thursdays- $1 off Tea & Coffee smoothies, Fridays- $1 baked good with purchase of any menu drink.
3	Admittedly I am not a Jamba Juice fan. However, for my birthday I received a gift card, and this is the closet Jamba to where I work. Due to the gift card, I've had the opportunity to enjoy what Jamba has to offer. I've had a variety of the fruit smoothies, the coffee smoothie and the tea smoothies. The fruit smoothies aren't really my thing because they taste very artificial to me. I watch them make the smoothies, I know fruit is in them, but they must put something else in there. I like the coffee smoothies, but the calories are crazy high in them. That being said, they are really tasty, and they are a bit more "milk shake" like than other smoothie brands I've had, so they are a bit easier to drink. The latest smoothie I had was the chai tea smoothie (with soy). I liked the flavor and consistency, though a bit more spice would have been nice. The staff I've encountered at this  Jamba are exceptional. They are always friendly, always prompt, and always have a smile for me and the other customers in the store. The service alone, is worth 2 stars. I probably won't hit up Jamba much after my gift card is used up, but I am happy I've been able to find a couple of the drinks I enjoy without having to pay for them :-)
4	Was in the need of something to drink & happened to drive by here and had to come in. I have not had Jamba since living on Kauai 6yrs ago so I was excited to try it again. I was very surprised to see that they had a pumpkin smoothie! Of course that's what I ordered. The service was nice and fast and soon I was enjoying a very yummy pumpkin smoothie. I had never had a pumpkin smoothie before and really enjoyed this one. Can't wait to go back.
5	when we moved I thought we moved away from jamba juice...but then i remembered that we didn't move to another country... we just moved to vegas.  why wouldn't they have a jamba juice?this particular location is an all window, brightly lit, and  clean establishment.  I went up to order my usual white gummy.. and the gentleman helping me asked politely if I've tried the other flavored gummy smoothies.  0_0 whaaaat? apparently there are more flavors in the gummy bear smoothies fam.  grape, orange... but I stood true to my favorite and declined the offer to try something new... [but I will be back to try another! white gummy is off the hook.. I'm sure any other gummy will not disappoint.]there's plenty of seats, inside and outside..  I don't think I've  seen a jamba juice as big as this one.this spot is located in a good shopping center with good stores.. [especially since jamba juice is one of them!]  jamba juice goes really good along side an annoying day of shopping.
5	I HEART Jamba Juice!  The smoothies are fresh, delicious & taste so yummy.  My perfect treat in the morning is a Mango smoothie with a piping hot bowl of oatmeal w/ brown sugar and bananas.   I love this Jamba location because they consistently have the best service.  Always kind & friendly.  Tip Tip..Hooray!!!
5	Love this place...Today original  orange dream... Parmesan pretzel and a bottle of water...Perfect way to start the day - when ever I need a boost of energy. I come to Jamba Juice and have a energy boost in my favorite drink... They have all kinds of  yummy drinks - there even serving coffee and tea
4	Happy hour, two for $5.  I had no idea that there was a deal going on. Yay. this was the perfect snack for me. It gave me the pick me u pthat I needed and I hadn't had one in so long. It was amazing. I love the strawberry tsunami, although after the most recent disasters, it has been renamed to Strawberry surfrider. I had that in the original size with extra ice. Thanks!!! I like how much light there is in here too. The workers are so sweet and even put my drink into a larger cup for me because I had asked for so much ice. Yay. The white gummy is my favorite but the Strawberry Surfrider seemed like the perfect spring treat.
5	It has been some time since Jamba Juice came to Las Vegas. When you could only find them in California, there was nothing better than getting a smoothie and walking along the beach on a beautiful day. Now that they are here and springing up in more convenient locations, around town, we Las Vegans do not have to suffer the heat alone.This location is bright and inviting. When you walk through the doors, you are greeted with the aromatic smell of citrus. The ceiling to floor windows creates a welcoming atmosphere and the employees only boosts this impression with their friendly demeanor. I usually get the mango-a-go-go, mega mango, or the mango mantra depending on how strict I am with my  caloric intake for the day. If I just say screw it, I tend to get the matcha green tea blast. Today, I decided to deviate from my standard order and try one of their three new smoothies that contains three full servings of fruits and vegetables. I love the mixture of these two food groups because they balance each other out. Sometimes fruit juices can be too sweet and vegetable juice too bitter. I got the berry uproot and loved it. I will say that this drink is not for everyone. It is no V8 Splash, you definitely can taste the complex veggie juice. It contains carrots, beets, kale, spinach, broccoli, and lettuce. It was a delightfully refreshing compliment to the mangoes,blueberries, strawberries, and mixed berry juice.
5	This is my favorite Jamba Juice location!One may ask how a place like this stands out if it's part of a chain because they all try to follow the same standards. However, what makes this location different from the rest is the fact that if you order your drink fix with an extra boost they will automatically upgrade you to the next size drink (for free)! Paying for the extra boost is actually cheaper than paying for the larger size. I tried this at other locations and none of them do it except this one (total turn off). I haven't been here for awhile and was unaware of the happy 2 for $5, untill Christina O. had mentioned it. And now that I do know makes me like Jamba Juice even more because other smoothie places can't beat that deal.  Since it is in a new plaza (McCarren Market Place) everything inside is brand spanking new, which is nice. Compared to other locations I think this one is one of the bigger ones. And the staff here are super friendly. I love the fact this is the closest Jamba to me. I've been here multiple times and I have never had a problem.Peach Pleasure FTW!!!
4	This Jamba Juice location is much more cozy than all the other ones I've been to. Now that they've recently added free Wi-Fi to the venue, I could see myself coming here more often, especially with how many tables they have available for customers.It seems like this location offers Happy hour specials, as well as hidden freebies such as a free size upgrade with a premium boost added (tip provided by Ramil B.). I'm glad to see such an accommodating Jamba Juice. Most of them are set up for people to simply come and go.P.S. - You have to ask the cashier for login info to use the free Wi-Fi.
1	Disappointed that they don't offer biodegradable cups, lids, straws, etc. Styrofoam? Seriously?!
4	I like this location and I find the team there inviting and friendly.  I ordered my drink and the young lady brought it to my table.  The only thing that prevents me form giving it a 5 star rating is the WiFi set-up.  You have to ask for a login and code.  They should do what Starbucks does, you must agree to terms and conditions.  But that is the ONLY negative for this location, and in the great scheme of things it is minute. I go here when ever I am on this side of town.
5	All their workers seem to love their job.The girls are sweet.I've been ere three times as myFriend is a regular.Service is quick and drinks are good.  It's always clean and the interior is nice.If you tip the servers, they yell "TIP TIP HOORAY".Cute :] haha
4	Yeah Buddy!!! I hit up this place at least 2 times a week if not more. Very friendly staff and the drinks are always grrrreat! I always get the same(Mango Mantra) but i always ask what other drinks they would recomend and one day i may even try one, one day!
5	What can I say ....I come here all the time.. The servers are all sweet..They always make my drink right...& I love my jamba juice... :]
1	Only 2 ppl working and a long line. After waiting for 10+ one drink was ready but the other never got made. After asking where the drink was all we got was oh sorry I forgot from the cashier and had to pay again.... Ugh
5	I love Jamba Juice and will have breakfast here daily when I am staying in a town that is lucky enough to have one.
3	The staff here is friendly.  I came here with a big group, 10 of us.  The male cashier was very patient and read back our order to confirm he got it correctly.  Impressive.
5	I have been coming to Jamba Juice for years and always get the same thing: a power sized Orange-A-Peel and a apple cinnamon pretzel.  Starbucks & McDonalds cannot compete with Jamba (although Tropical Smoothie Cafe gives them a run for their money on price point).The ingredients are fresh and the staff is very vocal and friendly.  The best part is how satisfied I feel after having a smoothie from here, not to full and yet full of energy!I remember being sick one time and how good it felt to get the "Cold-buster" in a few days I was good as new! (Please seek a doctor for serious medical issues however ;) )
4	This location on Eastern by the airport is a nice little shop. The staff is friendly and they allow you to share your smoothie with your kid in a side-cup for free. Or if the smoothie they make overflows the size you order they automatically pore it into the next bigger cup, unlike other locations who will just toss the excess. I like their Green fruit/ veggie smoothie with added plain yogurt for protein. Tastes good and healthy. It's my to-go smoothie place!
5	As far as smoothie shops go this place deserves five stars.  I've been here several times over the last couple months and the drinks are always consistently good and the service is always top notch.  Top notch service at places like this is often hard to find but it seems this location has been able to retain employees who actually care about their jobs.  What else is there to say?  It's a smoothie shop with a boat load of options and great service...check it out!
5	I LOVE Jamba Juice. I just never get around to going here as often as I would like. Also, I make my own smoothies at home (saves a bit of money). However, when I really feel like taking myself to Jamba it is never a disappointment.Honestly I can never really remember which smoothies I get. I tend to hop all over the menu mostly because I like all fruit and I don't have anything I really can't stand. And just to be clear - they have amazing oatmeal. Oh I love it so much. Steel cut oats with fruit and other toppings. Don't say it isn't good - it is! I love that they also have the wheatgrass shots here. They are amazingly refreshing and good for you. Try one if you haven't yet. This particular JJ has a nice staff, very accommodating and helpful. They're right outside a gym so I assume hey have to get quite busy at peak times, but whenever I get in here there's only a few patrons or none at all. I hope that doesn't mean they will be going anywhere anytime soon because it is the closest smoothie/juice bar to my house!
5	Awesome service!! Love the Kona Berry Bowl!!
4	Mmm, I had the dreamsicle and it was so good. They are really friendly at this Jamba Juice, a bunch of happy campers I say. They have breakfast burritos too, I'll be back and you should go too.
5	This is the best Jamba Juice location in the city!!!Way before Jamba made it an official policy (or at least before the other stores started doing it) they would give you the extra instead of dumping it down the sink :)If you've never had Jamba Juice it is a must-drink!  No syrup and ice here...real fruit, real frozen yogurt or sherbert, real fruit juice, and ice.  This isn't a drink it's a real smoothie not some slushy imitation...they will make it so you need a spoon if you ask!
4	This Jamba Juice is very large and the service is really friendly and efficient. Like most locations, the menu is extensive. The store is often not very busy making it a great spot to sit, enjoy a drink and chat with friends.
5	One of if not the best Jamba Juice location I have ever been to. Friendly, fast, clean and cold it's good to having a cooling place here in this horrible heat of Vegas.
4	You know... it's Jamba Juice. Not much to add. It's good when it's hot outside.
4	Nice, clean spot located nearby the airport on your way to your new destination. .. Fresh Juice, Fresh,  nice people... get your healthy on :-)Your constant companion, ~deirdra
2	Everytime I come here I always tell myself ill never come back. After a while I forget and then I go and am reminded of why I didn't like it in the first place. Their smoothies are too thick and are pricey. Not for me.
5	I LOVE Jamba Juice. Like, obsessive, must-have-or-can-not-function, love. I have it every morning. The smoothies and matcha shots are delicious and awesome, all in themselves, but the amazing staff here is what makes this my regular go-to store. I will drive out of my way, directly past other stores, to get to have my 5 minutes of morning pick-me-up with these guys. They know my order, are always friendly and no matter how busy it is, always take the time to ask how my morning is going or recommend something on the menu I might like. Thanks for always being a bright spot in my mornings guys!
