5	So absolutely thrilled to have a Harold's in Madison! The one here is just as good as the ones in Chicago. Best fried chicken, chicken wings (mild sauce of course) anywhere in Wisconsin as far as I'm concern... Make sure you get a grape pop with your 6 pc wing order.
5	Such a Gem!  Located in the Woodman's West parking lot. I am so elated to have such great fried chicken in Madison.  I had the 2 piece white chicken with fries and coleslaw for 6.99 and my husband had 6 wings (the whole wing, not just the drummies), fries, and coleslaw for I believe 6.99 too!  Hot sauce on both.  We took our meals home (about 15 minutes away) and the chicken was still crispy.My only complaint is very small, the portion of coleslaw you get with the meal is very small (maybe 2 tablespoons), so order an extra side for $1.00, its worth it!I was surprised by the decor and cleanliness.  Everything was spotless and I enjoyed the aluminum on the walls.  Service was also wonderful: kind, helpful, and warm.We will definitely be going back!  It will make shopping at Woodman's enjoyable.
2	The food here is great and the prices are reasonable. I ordered the 1/2 white meat chicken dinner. The chicken consisted of two sizeable breast cuts of chicken, well-seasoned and bathed in just the right amount of sauce, and two wings, which were smaller but nonetheless delicious. I dock it stars for what I consider horrible service. After ordering I sat around the restaurant, waiting for my chicken to be prepared. While I waited, a large gentleman with a case of bootleg DVDs waited in the front of the store for the entire time while I was there. I never saw him order and he never received any food. I have no idea what he was doing there.After about five minutes of waiting I asked for a glass of water, The attendant behind the counter got me a class, but acted as if I had offended him by asking. Later when he removed an order from the back I asked him if it was my order and he said "No fool. This is mine." I am not making this up.A few moments later he walked out from the back with his order and tells me that I am spilling my water. I looked below me and did not see any spilled water. I checked by the fountain to see if I had spilled there. I hadn't. I checked the shelf behind me and found that indeed there was no spilled water. I don't know what the attendant was talking about, though I did get the strong impression that he was trying to intimidate me.Finally, the wait for the chicken should have been 10 minutes. Mine was 20, and it wasn't really that busy. I was in a hurry and this made me late.So yeah, there's some real solid food here, but I hope you don't have to wait around for it while the staff tries to intimidate you.
4	I don't know about the staff being intimidating... they seemed great to me. As for the wait, they do make it up fresh so 10-20 minutes is the norm. Call ahead and they'll have it ready for you. The chicken is tasty, but sadly the fries are just frozen fries and nothing special, I wouldn't recommend ordering them as a side. They do have an HDTV that was tuned to ESPN while I was there so it made the wait not too bad. It does have the authentic sketchiness of a chicago chicken joint. There was the strange man there selling bootleg CD's (and who knows what else). There was also a guy selling what are likely "midnight runs" (basically the chinese/other asian factories make extra of whatever they are contracted to make and sell them on the black market) of nike shoes.
2	i had a high expectation for this place, but yet i was let down. i placed an order over the phone, ordered the 6 piece chicken. ended up being around $10. and once you'll sit down and open up that box, you'll be in a world of shock! they got wings so small that you're mother wouldn't believe her eyes! the cashier (she's the owner, i'm predicting.) i couldn't believe she hid her baby under the register! my lady and I was trying to enjoy our chicken, then all the sudden. we heard a baby crying! upon observation, it was coming from under the register...yes, believe it. a chicken shack turned into daycare service. and the funny part, as we're eating. the chef walks out and calls me a fool( i'm sure he calls everyone a fool, whoever he sees) like get with the program, if you're representing an establishment you gotta be professional! and not insult a customer. the verdict, sad to say. i've experience better chicken, popeyes is still the best.
4	I've never been to any of the other locations of this chain, so I have no idea if this place lives up to the authenticity of the Chicago locations.  Who really cares, though?  The chicken is, hands down, the best fried chicken I have had in Madison.  I am tempted to take my food to KFC and eat it there, just so all their patrons can see what they're missing out on.Why only 4 stars?  A number of reasons.  First, the sides I have tried are subpar.  The coleslaw is bland, but they literally give you a cup containing two bites of it so that's fine.  The plain white bread is a pointless add-on which exists solely to remind you how inexpensive your food was.  The fries are almost totally flavorless; this is the first time I can recall wishing my fries had MORE salt.  There is a slight potato flavor and nothing else.  The bootleg-DVD guy referenced by other reviewers is indeed present on occasion.  He's a little disconcerting, but I guess he adds character.  Or something.If by chance you stray away from the chicken-oriented sections of the menu, you probably won't be disappointed.  The three-piece perch was good, but since I'm used to shoveling down the 4-piece chicken, it was on the small side.  The cardinal rule for the menu appears to be: if it was fried fresh for your order, it will be delicious.I hope these guys stay in business!
5	Fantastic chicken--like homemade when you are too lazy to make it or are sick of the chemical taste of KFC.The service was prompt and courteous--anyone who doesn't expect to wait a bit for fresh fried chicken doesn't know how to make it--totally worth it.The catfish was perfect--will be back for more!So happy to finally have a good chicken place in Madison--not like Popeyes where you need paramedics on standby.
3	Well, it nice to have a different place to get fired chicken from other than the major chains.  The wait is acceptable if you call in first, say on your way home from work or Woodman's.The Chicken is fine.  Fries are fine.  Side of slaw is a joke (1 T maybe) and whats with the slice of wonder type bread?  Really?  The wife of the owner is normally there with her baby.  She is always pleasant.  I don't know what her better half does other than sit in a booth on his cell phone (every time I go in).  I will go again as it is an interesting experience.  The customer are always a treat to see as well.
4	Like everyone else said, it is really good fried chicken.  For like 8 bux you get 2 big breast pieces and 2 full wings bread and fries and a dash of coleslaw.  The bag weighs a couple pounds when you get it.  Yes you have to wait, only because it is made fresh.  The store needs a sign though and yes, it looks like a daycare, there was a baby behind the counter but its part of the experience I guess.  It looks like they have pretty good specials throughout the week though.
5	This is the single best fried chicken on the planet. The only thing missing is the bulletproof glass.
1	Less than expected.  Chicken was crispy on the outside and moist inside, but bland tasting.  I ordered their sauce, but ended up with only ketchup.  Fries were soggy, oily, and horrible.  It took a good 35 min for my food.  Overall, very underwhelming.
3	We ordered to go.  I really wanted to like this place as we are looking for a good chicken stop but we have mixed feelings.   The prices are right but they fry their chicken differently than what we are familiar with and rather dark,  seemed like it was over fried.   Still, the Chicken was moist and had good flavor.  The coleslaw too was quite good.  We ordered hot sauce and mild sauce and got all hot sauce unless their mild sauce is still quite spicy.  I couldn't tell the difference.We don't like wonder bread as a side.I do like a place where I can get fried chicken livers.  So that is nice.   They have a number of fish selections that I might try some time.  But no mashed potatoes-bummer.I think some people will like it and some people won't.  Thankfully, their chicken doesn't have that weird Kentucky Fried Chicken aftertaste.I was hoping someone would come out from the back and call me a fool but sadly that didn't happen.
5	Absolutely the best chicken in Madison. The prices are great and everything is fresh unlike KFC (is that even chicken) and Popeyes. Order ahead of time so you do not have to wait. Sides are decent but it is the chicken that will keep me coming back.
4	I was happy to find that this place doesn't stray much from the great Chicago tradition of Harold's Chicken. Want a fountain drink? You get a styrofoam coffee cup. Need napkins? Here's a roll of toilet paper. Bread? We've got Wonder Bread. It all sounds lousy but it is part of Harold's charm and I wouldn't have it any other way. So quit bitching about Bootleg DVD guy. Buy a damn movie or let the man run his business.There's not much to say about the food that hasn't already been said. The fried chicken is fresh, juicy, and perfectly seasoned. Coleslaw is also some of the best around but be sure to get a larger order, since the standard side that comes with your chicken is about the size of a ketchup cup. Personally I like the wonder bread: wrap a piece around some chicken and dip it in the hot sauce - it really cuts through the spiciness and makes for a delicious chicken sandwich.Yeah, the service is inconsistent but I've never had a problem there just dropping in, getting my chicken order and leaving. They've gotten all my large orders right. But then again I've never dined in, done anything to warrant getting called a fool, or tried some stupidity like trying to order right when the store opens or closes.
5	This chicken was delectable. As a Harold's connoisseur from Chicago, I know my fried chicken. This Harold's actually seasons their chicken, making for a splendid feast. I would want a tad more sauce, but more can simply be ordered. The manager is a great man who understands food. I give this Harold's 5 out of 5 clucks!
1	I know its a chicken shack.  I knew what to expect.  But really? A couple was before us in line that had already ordered.  We stood there for 5-10 minutes with not so much as an "I'll be right with you" or "It will be 15 minutes."  If they had tried to communicate or even take our order and take a long time, I wouldn't be writing this.  After we walked out, "bootleg DVD guy," as he so eloquently seems to be known, came outside after us and asked if we wanted to order anything.  Nah, I'm good.  I won't hold my breath for Madison to get a decent chicken joint.  A week or so before this, we tried to place a to go order on the phone.  No answer after a few calls.  We decided to just go there.  It was closed during normal business hours with no sign or phone message.  Fool me once...
5	I don't know what these other people are talking about but we absolutely LOVE Harold's chicken it's by far easy better then any fast food or other restaurant in the area the chicken is juicy and flavorful as well as the catfish we eat takeout from here at least once a week! Yes the restaurant may not be the most upbeat professional place but get over it if u want good fried chicken and fish ull go to Harold's chicken! Will never eat KFC again!
1	I tried going here at 7:30 on a Sunday.  The open sign was on and the hours posted said they were open until 9.  Too bad they were closed when I got there.
5	I really enjoyed Joyce G's review.  It got me out of bed, off my can, and without Pre-ordering, went there to experience the place.  I can not recall a more honest, down-to-earth place to get freshly prepared, excellent chicken.  If you expect fast-food speeds, go get your hormone-infused chicken at a national chain.The people here are excellent!  Not a chain!  If you don't have 15 minutes to wait for excellent chicken, please call in your order in advance.  I am willing to invest in this establishment...based upon the quality of the food & the atmosphere.The customers that came in while I waited for my order were acknowledged, and welcomed.  The staff actually cared about their customers, and the quality of the meal.  I opted to skip the wings included with my order, and they actually reduced my total bill to reflect this change.Nowhere, will you find better chicken and staff honesty than at Harold's!Please realize that this is a small, owner-operated establishment that will give you exactly what you desire...if you can give them a bit of time to prepare your meal, only after you place your order.  Anybody that has been raised on chain-food, will be excused for their impatience...at their loss.PLEASE...call in your order...and enjoy a great chicken meal...in the store or to take-out.Rick Scollon
4	First visit to Harold's.  The posted sign says 20 minutes, I think it was longer.  My 1/2 Mix Chicken was very good even though it was somewhat over cooked.  Maybe the fryer temp was too high because the white meat pieces were tasty and the dark meat pieces were delicious.  The breast was full size not bisected like the white suit guy places.  The sauce was very good, too.  Next time I'll try the catfish as well as getting more chicken and a bottle of sauce.  I'll also phone my order in so it'll be closer to ready.
4	Harold's is like a box of chocolates, you never know what you're gonna get...A week earlier, Harold's flakey operating hours foiled a lunch date between Miss Joyce and I.  The sign on the door indicates Harold's opens at 11 AM, but at 11:40AM, the door was locked and the lights were off.  Just Harold's being Harold's, according to Miss Joyce.Fast forward five days:  I'm making a Woodman's grocery run and see the lights on and customers filing through Harold's door.  Throwing caution to the wind, I dashed through the front door and thus began my maiden Harold's experience.The employee working the front counter greeted me and handed me a menu.  It didn't take much time for me to decide on the  1/2 chicken dinner special (2 thighs, 2 legs, 2 slices of white bread, cole slaw and fries for $6.99) with the hot sauce on the side.  Because everything is made to order, I was told my food would be ready in 15 to 20 minutes.  No problem, I sauntered over to Woodman's and grabbed the handful of items on my shopping list. I returned 20 minutes later, grabbed a seat and after my lunch was delivered to my booth.SWEETBABYJESUS!When I looked down upon my newfound bounty, I realized I just entered fried chicken heaven.The sides of the flimsy cardboard serving tray were bulging from the sheer mass of my order. No anorexic birds served at this chicken shack.   My first attempt to tackle one of the drumsticks results in burned digits - confirming that this chicken was fresh from the fryer.  No heat lamps...check.  Pro tip: the white bread served with the dinner order has amazing insulating properties - use it to protect yourself when making a move on the first piece of chicken.The exterior boasted a crispy exterior shell that gave way with a loud crunch on every bite.  I learned that Harold's still uses  1/2 beef tallow /  1/2 vegetable oil in its fryers.  The seasoning was spot on as well.The interior was the juiciest chicken I've ever had.  My server left a dozen napkins on the table for good reason - I had juice running down my hands and dripping down my chin.  Pro tip 2: Do not go to Harold's on a first date or before a job interview.I absolutely loved the tangy cole slaw.  It had the right balance of sweet and sour elements and had a wonderful crunch.  The only negative is the thimble-esque serving size.  More cole slaw please!The fries were the weakest link of the meal - a little soggy but well seasoned.Unlike the colorful encounters experienced by my fellow Yelpers, my visit was uneventful.  Nobody called me fool and the bootleg DVD guy was nowhere to be found.  The server came by and cleared my table.  On the way out, she politely reminded me that I could order ahead next time if I didn't want to wait the 20 minutes.  However, I was only paying partial attention.  In my mind, I was already planning my return trip next Monday when the  1/2 chicken (dark meat) dinner is only $4.99.
3	Not too bad!   Just plan on waiting for the food....not in a bad way.   They make the dinner to order so everything was fresh, hot and tasty.   I will visit again when I am hungry for some great fried chicken.   My only complaint was that they only had soda in a plastic bottle.   No refills and poor choices.   The service was above average and decently friendly.
1	I had heard good things about Harold's Chicken, and I was itching for some righteous fried chicken on this particular day. I stopped in around 2:00pm, lunch time for many people. There were three guys sitting in back, perhaps eating lunch themselves. One man approached me and asked if he could help me, and I attempted to order some food.He said to me, "I can't do it, I have a meeting. I'm trying to open another restaurant." Wow, what a joke. Why oh why would you open another restaurant if you can't serve food at lunch time, with three guys sitting around? Isn't selling food the general idea of a restaurant? Furthermore, why is your open sign lit and your door open if you're about to leave and not serve anyone?I would review the food as well, but seeing as how I didn't receive any, this review will do until I'm proven otherwise. Maybe I'll try Harold's again, if I'm in the mood for wasting some more time out of my day.
2	After having my mind blown from trying Harold's Chicken Shack for the first time in Chicago, I was severely disappointed when I came here. Granted, Harold's seems to have started in Chicago, but I did not expect this much of a difference in taste for almost twice the cost. Specifically, they do not use Harold's signature hot sauce, only normal hot sauce, and their chicken is much less flavorful and a little drier than in Chicago.
4	My experience with Harold's Chicken Shack has been akin to the search for the holy grail, Monty Python version. As long as you don't go out of your way, and know that it could be closed at any time of the day, you might possibly experience holy chicken heaven. It felt weird seeing Chicago related paraphernalia on the walls, just because we're in Wisconsin, and FIBs, and the Wisconsin Minnesota game was on. But true to legend, our 1/4 dark order was crispy, juicy, and Matt W.'s pro tip to use the white bread as an oven mitt was helpful. The mild sauce had a little tang and sweet, and the coleslaw was refreshing but on the sweeter side. Fries were crispy and well seasoned, and since we asked for sauce on the chicken and not on the side, the fries got a little helping of sauce too. It helps if you shop regularly at the Woodman's nearby -- just swing by and see if anyone's inside or if there are customers milling around. Seems like Saturday around dinner time worked for me. The neon Open sign and store hours mean nil.
