3	Do not stretch your arms out wide at this place.It's a small joint, so I thought they would have some kick ass food.  Wellllll....because the lady who tended to us was so nice I really don't want to speak ill of the joint, but I was hoping to have some good Mexican food like I was used to having in Southern California.  When I walked in, I could smell the aromas of masa and tortillas in the air.  I thought I was back home.  Not.The menu was colorful and had a nice variety of choices.  The basics are served here:  tamales, enchiladas, burritos, tacos and breakfast if you're there on time.  When we were all seated, we were served freshly made corn chips, fresh salsa and drinks.  I chose the chicken enchilada, beef tamale and rice & beans combo.  While waiting for my food, I noticed the restaurant had a personal touch and was kept clean.  It was small and very old, but at least the service was prompt and friendly.  My food was slightly disappointing in that it was "ok".  I doubt I would go back there, but I wouldn't refuse to go, if that makes any sense.  It didn't blow my dress up, so I just have to go with 3 stars.
5	We've been going here for 20 years and love the place. The machaca is great, the whole bean burritos are good, as are the potato and bean burros. The chili rellanos are good. The salads are only OK.  All salsas and sauces are made that day and are fresh. Beans aren't cooked with lard, but are cooked with vegetable oil. Portions are small, taste is flavorful. Rosa the server/owner is friendly  and Maria her mother is the cook.
3	If you've ever played "Cafe World" you will recognize this place as the first level if they had a Mexican version. One very cute petite lady running around, and taking everyone's orders, and then running in the back to cook it up....then she comes back out poised and collected, serves you calmly, and then runs back in the kitchen to cook someone else's order, only to come back in time to clear your dishes, etc...What really endeared me to this place was the obvious pride in non-franchised ownership. The clear plastic tablecloths over the handmade lace ones...the server/cook/owner's propriety when she brought Hubs an iced tea with an actual iced tea spoon ( I hadn't seen one in years!) It all reminded me of my little Sicilian aunts and the way I imagine they ran their tiny little speakeasies (yes, I have mafia in my blood!) back in the day....If the food had been incredible, I would've jumped on the table and danced the Macarena.....but alas, they put the "meh" in Mexican. I had the chile rellenos, and it came with a side of beans and rice...all fine, but forgettable.I imagine I would LOVE this place if they had a liquor license ;)
1	Closed down
5	Los Jarritos has fallen on hard times, the good news is they are still open the bad is that it's Wed-Thurs-Fri. They've been closed for the past 4 months as business was slow. Still great food, some of the best salsa, enchilada sauce, and machaca in town. Rosa, the owner and wait staff, and her mother Maria, the cook, plan to be open 5 days a week in Dec. Sure glad I got my Las Jarritos fix after a long wait.
5	Best Mexican I have ever had!  A weekly must...  Family owned and operated, great people and relaxing atmosphere!
5	Haven't been here in 4 months and the food is still great. Potato and machaca burrito was perhaps better than the machaco and egg? I'll have to eat more of each to determine which is the winner. Always have the burritos enchilada style as Maria's enchilada sauce is great. I like that they have vegetarian options, chips are fried in vegetable oil, never lard. Open now M-Fr, still great personal service, still a clean neat place. The food is the absolute best Mexican around.
4	You would never think of going here by the looks. Super run down & bland looking. I would almost think it wasn't open. But the food was great. I was not expecting to have an amazing chimichanga here. Apparently they've been there for 10 years!
2	ok food...def not thing worth driving more than 5 minutes to... i paid $6 for a burrito and a soda..not expensive but a 3 bite burrito shouldnt be 5 bucks..
4	Since I work at the airport I often am happy to have the chance to leave PHX occasionally and this place is unexpectedly a breath of aires fresca. It is a clean, small kitchen with a nice selection. I am always happy to support these locals and know my money is staying in town and not heading out of state when I pay my check. Watch out about the hours of operation, she'll close up early if it is slow. Good idea to  call ahead and let her know your plans.
1	My cheese enchiladas had non-melted cheese in them. That's a basic prerequisite for enchiladas - melted cheese. Not impressed at all. This place is sophomoric at best. There are far more tastier places in the valley to spend your money on. If I could leave a half star I would. I will never eat here again.
4	I'm stopped by here twice for lunch in the past two days. I got really delicious food for a good price. Both the chorizo breakfast burrito and machaca with eggs was really good. You can get the machaca burrito with fried eggs, potatoes or plain. I got the egg and it was delicious! Definitely divey, but good food for a good price.
5	Great atmosphere and simple, good Mexican food. Some reviews cite mediocre food, but I've always found my enchiladas perfectly cooked, my chile relleno nice and crisp, and the machaca in my chimichanga nothing but savory. You won't be blown away by the food, but it's all SOLID, and a step up from most burrito places or diner-style Mexican. The restaurant can be small and you can find yourself waiting 30 minutes for your order to come out during the lunch rush, but it's a breath of fresh air to walk into such a simple, unpretentious restaurant run by a woman and her mother.
