5	If I could give this school more stars I would.  Rita, the director, is an amazing lady!  Her outlook and understanding of children's development and education simply cannot be beat.  My child went to Seton Academy West for only a year (sadly, they only have through Kindergarten currently) and was not the model student (has since been diagnosed with ADHD).  Most teachers and principles would have labeled the child as "a problem" or "trouble" but the teachers and director of this school were kind, respectful, and understanding and went to great lengths to help us work through some of the issues.  The overall theme for this school is that each child learns differently and the school is as accommodating as they can possibly be for each child.  The teachers each have a different way of teaching (ie, through art projects or music), the curriculum is great, and my child really enjoyed the extra classes (spanish, music, etc).The school's before and after care programs were so convenient and everyone who works there is a pro.  I really can't say enough good things about Seton.  If you are looking for a private school for your youngster, put Seton Academy West on your list, I don't think you'd find a more caring and involved group of educators in Las Vegas.
5	We are sad Seton Academy stops after kindergarten. This school is incredible.
5	I have 2 children at Seton Academy.  I can not say enough positive things about the school.  The teachers are "real' teachers who want to be there and are passionate about helping children learn. There is structure in the day, but it is not ridged.  The front office staff is amazing and just as caring as the teachers.  The environment is clean and cared for and the parent volunteer group is wonderful.  I just don't understand why they don't go to grade 5.  I would keep my kids there for sure.
5	My son is starting his second year at Seton Academy and I cannot say enough good things about this place. (And if you read any of my other reviews, you know I do not give out compliments easily). My child has thrived enormously at this school. The student:teacher ratio is low here which allows the staff to devote individualized time to each child. Every person that works here knows each child well. From the moment you walk inside, you can see immediately there is a nurturing environment which is devoted to children in this age range. They truly deserve to call themselves a school unlike other places in town which are overpriced daycare centers posing as a school. My son learned discipline, good social habits, and even Spanish. They have music classes and do lots of arts and crafts projects to develop the creative side as well. They structure the day to have a balance between learning in the classroom and outdoor play.  The school hosts several programs throughout the year for parents to come see their little ones perform. In addition, I love the community of families and parents at this school. I have come to know some wonderful families through this school and it is nice that they foster that sense of community with the Parents Auxiliary. I am so glad we decided to send our child here because he has grown so much because of this school. He actually asks if he can go to school for longer than his scheduled time! We are soon starting our daughter at this school when she turns 2. She has watched her brother have so much fun at this place that she wants to start now. I can't wait to see how she grows from this new experience.
2	The classrooms and playgrounds are well-maintained and always clean at Seton. They have good play structures, a music space and a garden for the children. Where this school struggles is with staff and student diversity, and a modern approach to early education. The art my child comes home with is "pretty"  and "predictable" but rather cookie-cutter. I'd prefer less pristine projects that actually look like they were done by a creatively engaged child. This presentation for parents is a big part of the "Academy" marketing in my view, and a bit old vanguard for 2014. While the teachers seem pleasant and sufficient, it was very hard to engage any of them in a real dialogue about how my daughter was actually doing without seeming like a bother, or being reminded how much paperwork my special needs subsidy has required of them "because they dont usually accept such things". I didn't find this school to be as embracing of difference as I would have hoped, and did not feel the curriculum approach was on par with what they promise. There is more than abc's and 123's to make children passionate about learning. The assistant teachers were the most accomodating of all at Seton. That said, my child misses her previous pre-school that closed, and did not make the same bonds at Seton, neither did I as a parent.
