2	I ate lunch here last week at the suggestion of my brother. I was not impressed. I got carry out at lunch time.Better ride your bike because parking is tight. (I had to park in a place that wasn't really a parking spot) The food was okay. The BBQ was mediocre IMO. I didn't like the fries and the hush puppies were okay.(I did try a couple onion rings off someone else's plate and I really liked them)The main issue with them I see is the price of the food. The BBQ plate is $9.00 and a beef brisket plate is $16.00!No lunch menu available.It's more of a sports bar than a biker bar. If it were a biker bar it would certainly be the cleanest one I've ever been to!
4	hey mark, give it another chance, i've been eating there for years and food has always been SUPERB 99% of the time...every place has an off day..only complaint i have is their waitstaff is not great, you have to throw something at them a lot of the time to get service..other than that its great IMHO
4	This place stays PACKED during lunchtime, and for good reason. The BBQ sandwiches are great (get the "little pig", it'll be enough!). The onion rings are very thick and a good bet for a side dish. Service is great, even at the busiest hour. The outdoor seating looks inviting, and I often see live music outside when driving by. Give Mac's a visit, you won't be disappointed!
4	The wings here are great.  I have had them once, but I know people who only order wings now, after the initial taste.  It's worth a shot.  I like variety too much to do that.I went yesterday and had the beef rib.  It was fall off the bone style, with some tasty bbq slathered on.  I topped it off with some hush puppies, for a very hearty meal.I've had tacos on a previous visit, and they are also very tasty.  I strongly recommend the brownie a la mode if you have room.  I rarely eat dessert, but I just had a bite of someone's and it was amazing.
4	It was recommended by a co-worker of mine to try this place out since I was craving BBQ for lunch. I was pleasantly impressed! Most BBQ places around here that I've been to were just Carolina style BBQ (which I'm not a huge fan of), but this place wasn't limited to just that, very nice selection.I got there at around 12:45pm (since it was recommended not to go right at noon) and I was a little intimidated by the amount of people there. I wasn't going for a dine in kind of meal, but it was nice to see the take out menu at the hostess stand. Honestly, it took me longer to figure out what I wanted to eat than waiting on my food. I was instructed to go to the bar to order my to go meal and the time it took me to figure out a tip and sign my bill, my food was out!Side note: because I was on my lunch break, I didn't drink but this is def. a place I want to check out for after work drinks. I liked the  bar (was the longest bar I've seen in a long time in a restaurant), it was clean (not like those sticky nasty bars that you have to take a shower if you put your arm on it), and the bar tender that was there was really nice. The food: AWESOME!! I haven't had BBQ this good since I moved up to the Charlotte area from Orlando. I ordered the Texas Beef Brisket sandwich with a side of mac n cheese. Normally I would go for pulled pork but I saw somebody else eating the same thing and thought it was worth a try. I was expecting the beef to be tough like jerky but I didn't even have to "saw" through the meat when taking a bite, it just separated so nice! The flavor was fantastic, not smothered in BBQ sauce to where you couldn't taste the meat. It's been a long time since i've had BBQ like that, where you can taste the meat you ordered instead of just the BBQ sauce! The mac n cheese, DREAMY! It wasn't greasy and it had a nice blend of cheese and pepper. So great!The only down fall is their parking lot is really small and from what I hear (not just on yelp), it stays crowded.
4	Concierge recommended Mac's for good BBQ but warned of biker atmosphere.  Food was good - ribs very tender but Brunswick stew too spicy and had more vegetables than I'm used to and was soupy.  Awesome Mac n Cheese.  Great selection of beers.  Lots of people smoking but smoke didn't permeate everything.  Good band on Saturday night.
4	Yeah, Mac's definitely has awesome Mac-n-cheese and I like their onion rings too.  I don't eat pork or beef so I can't comment on their BBQ,  but they have plently of other things on the menu that I can eat.  Be warned, the place gets packed on the weekends - especially when the weather is nice!  As far as the "biker bar vibe",  you will definitely see just as many  "yuppy cars" in the parking lot as you see motorcycles!  Service can be hit or miss, but this is not a place that you come for "great service" - it's just a fun, relaxed place to go for a beer and a quick bite...and if you're into sports, its a good spot to watch a game with a lively crowd.
5	Great BBQ.  Not exactly like the original on South Blvd. but it's close and has AWESOME apple pie!  The mac n cheese is also very tasty.  Also found out it's a Steelers bar on Sundays!  Might have to go there more often now.Mac's also caters to bikers but I don't think this location is as big as a biker bar as the one on South.
5	I loveee their BBQ. They have a combo platter in which you can choose any variety type of meats that you would like. Their rib could be better, I personally think 131 Main (only the Rea Rd location though is better). However their brisket is amazing. The meat is so tender, it literally melts in your mouth. Onion Rings cooked to perfection. Their baked beans has this amazing bbq sauce that is in. And their complementerary hushpuppies comes with this oh so delicious honey butter sauce. Their staff is very friendly. And I would definitely go again. You jus thave to make sure you go with a hearty appetite!
1	Ignored by waitresses for 20 minutes. Left.
5	Best BBQ in town.  Kansas city beef ribs, hush puppies, and beer. Cleaned up bikers bar with great food. Love this place!
4	This place was recommended by some buddies on the net when I asked for a good BBQ place to go to.  It did not disappoint.  The BBQ sandwich was delicious, the free hush puppy advertisers were the best I've ever had (to be fair, the only other places I've tried hush puppies are seafood restaurants, so they always end up tasting like fish.) We had 2 children with us, and Mac's doesn't have a kids menu, but they modified some of the regular meals to be more kid friendly for us.  If I lived in the area, I would definitely go back.
4	The South Blvd shop is actually closer to the office, but this location is marginally less crowded. Not as hip as the original location, but still on par. Lunch time at Macs can be something like the Vans Warped Tour or a Slipknot concert. You have to throw elbows and fight your way through the mosh pit. My advice to you - call in that bad boy. Pork is spotty and sometimes dry, but a little sauce can help out immensely. Ribs are always good though and blackened catfish tacos are pretty decent for un fried tacos. (Can you sense the fish taco purist in me?) While I like different BBQ joints depending on my mood, one thing that never changes is my perpetual, unconditional love for Mac's sides. Mac and cheese is always good and the green been casserole, oh man. Thanksgiving on a Monday! Yeeeah!
3	I"m partial to the South Blvd location.  This location does have a nice patio.  I've only had the nachos here but they were different then the nachos at  South Blvd.  The service isn't as good.  The crowd is totally different and I've gone several times to see bands and the place is usually empty.  I still haven't figured out why but............whatever.
3	This is a relatively new place that seems to have a wanna be biker bar feel... It all seems a little put on and chain restaurant-ish. There is a patio that is quite large, unfortunately there is no real scenery to enjoy while sitting on the patio, but it is still quite enjoyable. The beer list is packed with terrific brews. Both on tap and in bottles. The tap list could stand to be a little more extensive, but what is on it is fairly impressive. The menu is about what you would expect from a BBQ joint. The pulled pork and the brisket were quite good. Slightly expensive, but very good.Very good place to go for a few beers, but there is definately room for improvement
5	Love this place!  They always have great beers on tap & the lil pig sandwich is plenty of food for lunch or dinner. We take my Dad here when he comes in from KC and he likes the BBQ.
3	I used to be a huge fan of Macs but as of late I have been Disapointed big time. WHen they first opened they set the bar realy high and have not been able to get to that point with there food in a while now. I still go there on a regular basis because even on a bad day they still have the best bbq around but they should really get back to how they were before. It has been a lot of little things as of late. Cold meats and sides, really dry brisket and pork, literally no cheese on the mac and cheese. The other locations have gotten worse as well but the sandy porter location has gotten the worse. The beer list is always pretty good though and the prices are great.I love Macs and I hope they can turn it around again because we still want to keep going there
5	OUTSTANDING drove for 45 min and will do it many times more great food the mac and cheese along with the baked beens best i've ever had...If getting Brisket get sandwich instead of plate much better.
4	Rumored one of the best BBQ place in town. Great space, tall ceiling, kind of like a lodge.  The platter was amazing and they have various beer for everyone's taste. Not a huge fan of their deviled eggs. but the mac and cheese is pretty good. Will definitely recommend to anybody who's visiting town.
4	I've been to this Mac's location a couple of times.  It is nice to have a BBQ place in this area since it is culinarily lacking.  The food is solid and the beer list is great!  The pork nachos are delicious as well as the hushpuppies.  On this occasion I ended up getting a beef brisket sandwich.  Very good!  However, it is not a good place for groups, pretty loud, and the service is not much above average.  The food / beer / location are big pluses for me and counteract the ambiance of Mac's that I find slightly annoying.
4	Them ribs make my mouth water!
5	Somehow I have lived in Charlotte for almost 6 months and just realized that Mac's is less than 10 minutes from my house.  We visited Mac's on a Thursday evening and were intimidated by all the cars in the parking lot when we pulled in. We almost changed our minds.  I was expecting a wait, but we were seated right away and there were other empty tables.  I think the crowd on the patio accounted for a lot of the cars.Overall, our experience was great.  Good service and the food came super quick (as it should in bbq place).  We ordered the fried pickles for an appetizer.  I somehow neglected to read the part about spicy in the menu.  They aren't kidding!  They have a kick.  Don't really care for spicy food, but they were good - and I was warned after all.  Homemade ranch was tasty.Hubs ordered the half smoked chicken and it was perfection.  So awesome.  Beans and fries were tasty sides.  I ordered a veggie plate with green bean casserole, super awesome mac n cheese and onion rings.  I found the onion rings too spicy - wondering if I missed that warning too - but hubs liked them.  Everything was just super tasty and the mac n cheese is totally craveable!I had plenty of plate envy watching the food being delivered around me.  We will be back.If I have to have a gripe, it would be that our waitress sat down on the booth beside me to take our order and I saw her doing this with other patrons as well.  Maybe I'm weird, but I hate it when waitpersons do this.  Maybe if I've been eating here for years - maybe - maybe - but not with someone you don't know.
3	Didn't even know this Mac's existed before someone told me to meet them there and after heading in the wrong direction informed me "not the one on South." Once i arrived after they'd been waiting several minutes, no server had been around. Sat for a few more minutes before we got some service. As far as food, pretty much the same Macs you'd expect, although my lil pig pork sandwich didn't seem all that warm when it was served. i misread one of the chalkboards thinking there was a draft special of some sort, but much to my surprise the draft beer i ordered cost nearly as much as my sandwich. Honestly, as much as i love beer, and i am a borderline alcoholic, i would never pay that much for a single beer. $7.50 for a beer? i did enjoy the beer, but that's besides the point. No beer is worth that much to me on a Tuesday night when i could get plenty of good beer at Duckworth's for $2.50. i guess i'll just have to check the price for my beer-budget conscious self next time before ordering. If nothing else, it's nice to know this Mac's exist.
5	Overall a great experience at Mac's.  Our waitress was outstanding - the kind of service you hope to get everytime you go out to dinner.  They have a huge outdoor seating area, with a variety of bar stool type seating as well as picnic tables with umbrellas. We started with the hush puppies served with some type of butter sauce and the fried pickles - both were incredible.  I had the grilled chicken BBQ sandwich - which they allow you to pick from about 20 different additions to the sandwich with no additional cost, which really impressed me.  Everyone at the table was very satisfied with the food/service and we would definitely recommend it to anyone around the Ayrsley area of Charlotte. Check out Mac's!
3	A review from the vegetarians eye: I was deeply worried to enter an establishment specializing in "pulled pork" based on all the pig pickings I was forced to attend since my time here in the south . In any sense cooked pig are 2 words enough to send any non carnivore eating folk running. Our group ordered fried pickles as an appetizer and I can say the fried pickles give the penguin a run for their money. The breading was spicy yet crispy and ranch dip was not of the hidden valley variety. Deli-sh! I was pleased to see several choices available not containing meat aka salads. There were 4 salads you could add meat or fish to if desired. I bet if requested a black bean burger could be added atop your choice mountain of greens instead of a slab of meat. I ordered the spinach salad minus the bacon with blackened tilapia and poppy seed vinaigrette. The salad was pretty good but I thought the fish was way over-seasoned for my palette. Aka so salty it was difficult to taste the fish itself. In addition to salads a selection of 3 or 4 vegetables can be chosen as a main course as well. Both the mac n cheese  (stole a bite from my friend's plate- shh don't tell) and green bean casserole were tasty ( not as good as mine in my opinion but three stars good). There was live music outside and the atmosphere was festive but probably not nearly as festive as the south boulevard location so I hear. Our server was attentive to our 10 party group and I really liked the relaxed environment. I will definitely come back again and get a black bean burger instead of fish. Another order of those spicy fried pickles will also be on the list!
4	My first visit to Mac's Speed Shop was mixed.  Not at all because of the food, because it was EXCELLENT but the restaurant/bar/whatever it is, was SO LOUD I couldn't hear my friend chatting across the table.  Maybe it's not always like that, but last night it was very noisy!  Our waitress was great - attentive and very helpful, never had an empty glass.  We ordered the fried pickle appetizer, which was okay, probably good, but I'm not a huge dill pickle fan in any case.  We both ordered the "A Little Bit o' Stuff" platter, which was anything but little and I barely made a dent in the food and took a whole container of food home for leftovers!  For $16 it's a great deal - choice of four meats and two sides...I had chicken, bbq, brisket and ribs with mac and cheese (all you've read about this mac and cheese is true, it was AMAZING) and a side salad.  He had the same meat choices with green bean casserole instead of salad.  Everything was tender and delicious and I loved it!I took the 5th star simply because of the volume of noise....between the live band and the chatter - it was super distracting.  I would probably give the outside seating area a try next time...or just go for take out.  Food - Great    Service - Great ....check it out if you haven't!
4	Beers galore! Dare I say too many? Nope. Not at all. Especially compared to Taco Mac. Whatever your flavor of beer may be, Mac's will should have it.Turning the attention to the food... the meats are very good. They are slow cooked. I usually eat the pulled pork platter with two sides. Sometimes I will eat the beef brisket. The sauces for the meats add a nice flavor. The selection of side dishes is nice. And they do run out of some of the sides each day. Such as the mac n cheese. Mac's has the element of being a biker bar/restaurant. At the location on Sandy Porter, I've never seen bikers. The location on South Blvd. attracts the bikers. I like the loud atmosphere and look of the restaurant on the inside with lots of wood and bolts.If you are into rock music, good BBQ, and beer, Mac's is the place to visit.
4	4 stars is about right ... It's good and we'll go back but not great.  I swear Mac's used to be better, before they became a "chain".  Seems like they lost their luster when their sauces went into prepackaged bottles.  Service was friendly and OK.  A little slow with the check which matters with young children (they get impatient and start bouncing off the walls).  It always seems a little loud but maybe I'm a prude. Kids did like the food though which gets a lot of points from us.  Solid 4!
4	I can't tell you the name of the sandwich that I had, but it involved cheesy bread and some sort of pulled 'cue and topped with more melty cheese. Probably a billion calories and my heart might have actually stopped for a minute or two, but it was absolutely delish. I ended up pouring a bit of the table BBQ sauce on it anyway, but it didn't really need it.Lots of TV's so probably a good place to watch the game.Several dozen different beer choices, both bottled and draft. Service is solid. Ask for Stephanie if she's working. ;-)
4	really good BBQ, beer can chicken is close to the one i do at home, beers selection is one of the biggest i have ever seen in a BBQ joint, live band was good as well, service was great!
4	Great choice of beer on draft as well as in the bottle. Great bar staff and waitresses. We only had a half a dozen of the Hot Buffalo Smoked Wings which are then grilled with great charcoal flavor and just the right amount of sizzle on the lips. Great wings. Cold beer and an awesome Bloody Mary Bar. We will return.
4	We come to Mac's at least once a week and always come away satisfied. You can't go wrong with the pulled pork or the beer can chicken with collard greens and baked beans. The chicken tacos are really good as well.  There few places in Charlotte with more beer options. The atmosphere is loud and chaotic so be prepared. If the parking lot is full (as it usually is), then park on the side road in front of the building.  The wait is never very long and it's worth it.  This is a great place to watch a game.(If you're a native Carolinian as I am, you may be disappointed in the Brunswick stew.)
4	We are definitely fans. The service and food were all excellent when we visited. Plus, there is a large beer selection to make this a great happy hour/hang out spot. This is a mix of sports bar and bbq joint and its definitely a laid back atmosphere. There's tables, bar seating and outdoor seating to accommodate a range of people as well. The menu is kinda eclectic. You can choose from wings, salads, tacos/quesadillas, bbq, and ribs. We tried the fried pickles, brisket sandwich, pulled pork, and a carnitas taco. We were pleased with them all, although the pickles could have been a bit more crispy for my husband's liking. The location is close to my husband's office, so he definitely plans to return.
4	Good sauce variety, ribs, and buttery mac n cheese, but McKoy's has them beaten hands down on pulled pork and cheesy mac n cheese. I don't think you can really go wrong at either though. :)
4	I love their barbecued chicken wings. Its good with fried pickles and omb beer.I always enjoyed their outside patio sometimes with live music.I am regular.
5	We've been fans of Mac's for some time, but didn't go all that often because it was too far to roam.  Then, we figured out that there was a location nearer... this one!And so, I've been more than once recently.We had some food catered (pork barbecue and Mac 'n Cheese) for a summer party.  Catering was easy to use, food was prepared perfectly and on time.  This is simply one of the best solutions when you are expecting company and don't want to cook yourself!If you haven't been to Mac's,  you just need to go!  So many good choices on the menu!!  Of course they are known for the barbecue.  Their pork barbecue is hard to beat!  But then, try a sampler...  You won't be disappointed in ANY of the meats at Mac's.  The brisket, the ribs, the sausages, AND the chicken... all are really good! Several good starters... I like the fried pickles w/ ranch! If you don't choose the Mac 'n Cheese as one of your sides... that's okay (more for me!), but you should. It's NOT diet food, but hey, you can WALK home if you need to make up for the extra calories!  I also like the baked beans and the collard greens.  Not so crazy about their green bean casserole... but others seem to be!  My friend (from SC) ordered the Brunswick Stew and said it was really good (and a little spicy too!)!  I'll try that myself soon... I'm sure!Beverages... of course they have whatever you might want, but for me... they have COPPER!!  Beer brewed by The Olde Mecklenburg Brewery, right here in Charlotte.  There is just nothing better (for me) with this barbecue!!So, this week, I ordered dessert. I never had before, because I was too darned full!  But the friend I was with wanted something, so I followed along.  Let me tell you... the Banana Pudding was simply some of the best I've ever encountered.  Now I have a real problem - how to go back and NOT order it!  If you find yourself stuffed, order it anyway and take it home to eat later.The only downside for this place is that parking can get a little short!  But that, in itself, tells you how good it is, right?I'm sure that I'll see you there... shortly!!
5	Best.Wings.Ever.  The honey bbq is the best and the meat just falls off of the bone, love that they are smoked instead of fried!  Wings + Mac n Cheese= a little bit of Heaven.  YUM!  Great atmosphere for happy hour too, not too shabby on the eye candy either ; )
1	Very disappointing experience. Had heard great things but did not live up to hype. Good beer selection and the mac and cheese was very good. Ribs were luke warm and very dry, tasted like they had sat under a heat lamp for a while. Server spent more time texting than servng. Defintely not worth the price
5	Best melt in your mouth Brisket in the southeast. and i love the sauce.
3	Finally checked this place out and was pretty pleased with the taste and price of my meal. I tried the pulled pork platter and it had the right amount of spiciness. The sauces are tasty as well. Macaroni was not as jazzy as reviews stated, but it sufficed, yet the greens were very good. The tight tank wearing servers could be a little more attentive, so service is okay. I look forward to trying some more of the menu items(e.g. brisket, beer can chicken)
4	Mac's has always been a favorite for us and I'm never disappointed. I really love the style of smoky barbecue with a range of Carolina mustard sauce to spicy tomatoe-y red sauce. Things I love are the 'pork wing' (trust me), veggie burger, brisket, and pulled pork (go ahead and go for the BIG pig sandwich if you're debating).  Their totally addictive side items are awesome. Onion rings, green bean casserole, mac n cheese, Brunswick stew...all so good.  And, the full bar including great specials and lots of local brew is great.  Goes well with the boisterous rock n roll atmosphere often well attended by the motorized biker crowd.  Be on a black leather lookout at Mac's!
5	Best Bar, Food, Beer selection in the Steele Creek area. The staff are awesome and everything is always tasty. Mac n Cheese, brisket, deviled egg apps, and NoDa beer on draft. Just wish it was a Panther's bar instead of a Steeler bar...kidding of course. It's awesome.
4	My family loves their food! My twin daughters want the chili anytime!BBQ is great, all the meats have explosive taste. We've had family visit from Mn and Fl..and all went home with a few bottles of your sauces!And fun...bikers and suits and families..anything goes.
3	I will preface this by conceding that I am a 37 year old, old fart.  I like easy parking, no ridiculously loud music (unless it's the weekend and 10 pm, then there should be loud music) and comfortable seating choices.  If you fail on any of these requirements, I will not return.Me and a group of friends were Thursday night regulars for after work drinks for a while until biker summer started with the live bands and blocking off most of the lot parking for motorcycles.  (It's an alleged biker bar, so I get that, they get the summer, no big, plenty of places around to drink).  We could generally slip out of work early and find a parking spot actually in the lot, which was nice. There is motorcycle parking, but there are always cars parked there instead - RUDE. The other parking alternative was a street on an adjacent lot, or parking across Sandy Porter at the shopping center and crossing over multiple lanes of traffic.  The side street is now a dirt pile of construction, which leaves your only option, if you can't find a spot in the lot, as the shopping center across the street.  The service has never been bad, just inconsistent.  Some nights we would have a great waitress, other times we would be sitting with empty glasses, and it didn't seem to jive with how busy they were, just very hit and miss.  Again, no biggie, we're there to snack, drink and eat, no one was on a time schedule.  The food has generally been decent.  The fried pickles are a little on the spicy side, but pretty good and served with ranch.  The hushpuppies with a little butter smeared on them are good.  Chili Nachos are standard bar nachos, nothing special but solid.  Being with a group of southern people generally, we had to try the Pimento cheese but found it to be not very good the night we ordered it and the tortilla chips were inedible from being over-salted.  I ordered the chopper salad once, that was a mistake. The collard greens are a little too spicy for my taste, but not bad.  The mac and cheese would be delicious on one visit and dry and meh the next.  Good choices of beer and beer specials.  On vodka nights, my drinks were always mixed well.But this is a BBQ place, so as long as the BBQ is good, that is all that matters, RIGHT?!?!  And the BBQ is quite good.  I had the pulled pork which was very good and the Beef Brisket which was absolutely delicious.  The beef brisket is so good, it almost makes the ridiculous parking and the bar stools worth the hassle.  Almost.Last Friday the girls wanted to go for dinner and drinks.  Being a Friday, I was ready to get out of work and get on with the weekend!  I received a text when I was on my way that the parking lot was already full (&%^$), but at least I can park on the street next to it.  I arrived only to see dirt everywhere and no street so I would have to park in the shopping center across Sandy Porter.  All of the relatively close spaces were taken (double-&%^$).  So now I get to play Frogger in an ankle length skirt and slip on shoes to get across the street to Mac's (triple-&%^$).  I managed to get across the street without getting squished or losing a shoe, increasingly agitated, but looking forward to some brisket, only to find that the rest of my party had perched their tiny hineys on wooden bar stools (there are chairs and wooden booths also, but the majority of the inside seating is high bar stools, with large picnic tables as the outdoor seating options).  (I am not a small chick and me on a wooden bar stool looks like a lumpy popsicle trying to eat it's stick).  I decided then and there that my only biker experience for the night would be Sons of Anarchy on Netflix and I hopped back across Sandy Porter and got out of there.  I should have gotten a to-go brisket, but was too annoyed to think of the goodness.  They are doing something right because it seems to always be packed during peak hours, so if you are young enough to not mind parking issues and uncomfortable seating, head on over and get some yum BBQ.
3	I've had two incredibly different experiences at this place. One so great that I was dying to come back and the subsequent one so shitty that I'm not sure if I'll ever return.The first time was with a friend who was passing through Charlotte. We sat outside to enjoy the amazing weather and catch up. He had a ton of wings (they were half off) and I had the brisket sandwich. We started the meal with fried pickles and pimento cheese. Everything rocked, from the service to the meal.The second time I brought my girl, sat outside again (in the same table even), and looked forward to another great meal. What we received instead was horrible service. Our waitress cared so little about what she was doing it felt like she was in physical pain just having to stand there and take our order. We had better service from the other waitresses handling the outside than from our own. We could only suffer through ordering a drink and then left as quickly as we could.I'm torn. Five stars on one hand and one star on another. I know that two data points don't make a trend, but after such an uneven experience I find it difficult to convince myself to go back for a third time.
3	After eating at 2 different locations, and trying a bunch of different things on the menu, I have to finally say that I am not a huge fan of Mac's.  I think the brisket here is usually a little tough and chewy, and they don't really pile it on, so I always feel like I'm left wanting.  The other item I've had a few times that I do like is the beer can chicken, which I think is pretty moist typically and has a good flavor.  As for the sides, they're all pretty standard fare, the mac'n cheese isn't crazy good, and the collards are good too.  I'll still use this as a regular lunch spot, but I just don't think I can give it more than 3 stars...
3	Nice bbq option. Tried the small Try It platter. Waaaaay too much food. Tx beef sausage w Carolina bbq sauce and onion rings. Nice.
2	Food isn't as good as the Southend location and the service is terrible 2 out the 6 times I've been. Good beer selection though
5	Good food!  The BBQ turkey was great.  I haven't found anything on the menu that I don't like.
4	When I first moved to Charlotte, I just heard that Mac's Speed Shop was the place to go to BBQ and went to the one on South Blvd since that was the first one to show up on my search.  Little did I realize there was a Mac's right by where I live here in Steele Creek!  The first thing my husband and I said was, "Oh NO!  We are going to get so fat!!"I absolutely LOVE Mac's and everything about it.  The food, of course, comes first and is spot on with reasonable prices, big portions and tons of flavor.  I'm a sucker for cheese & grits and theirs is awesome.  Last time I was there, my husband and I split the combo platter to get a little bit of everything and we were so happy we did.  The server also recommended we try their banana pudding, and though we were skeptical, our bowl was empty by the time the check came.The service here is always really friendly and attentive which I can appreciate even when they are busy and have a lot of customers.  They also have drink specials every night, even on the weekends, which is another nice incentive to spend your money here than elsewhere.This is definitely going to be our go-to spot for our BBQ cravings and so glad we found one so close to home!
2	I really want to love Macs but it is so hard. The food is hit and miss and more miss than not.  I have been coming here since they opened only because it is convenient to go from my office.  Beer selection is great, but the servers know almost nothing.  Ask them what  Lagers they have on draft and most of the time they stare at you wondering what a lager is.  A major pet peeve of mine is their hush puppies. ALWAYS soggy as if they had been sitting for hours.  It seems they cook them in giant batches early in the day and let them sit.  Their beef brisket is sometimes tender, but most of the time it is hard and dry, again, evidently sat there for hours in the open.  The chilly is offensive - my friend said it felt like spackle.  Some things I've had better luck with. Their deviled eggs are always great and so is their pulled pork. I will probably continue coming h ere for the beer but I will have to be starving to keep running my chances with their food.
4	This place is a regular hang out. The food is good - the beer is plentiful and the service is usually fast and friendly. It's not too pricey so it makes for a great weekly spot. In the summer there are always live bands on Friday nights.If your hungry get the ribs although everything is pretty tasty.Might not be worth a special trip but it does have a special place in my stoma.. I mean.. heart.
2	The service was friendly, but she was new. The complimentary hushpuppies were cold and hard as a rock. The sweet tea was good as was the mac & cheese. The green bean casserole was okay, a little spicier than I make it. The best thing was the brisket. There was enough to take some home. I may return.
3	Beef Ribs were really good, a little tougher than I like them but the flavor was awesome. The Onion Rings were some of the best I've ever had. I took off two stars because the Mac and Cheese was not creamy enough and the St. Louis Ribs were tough and lacked a good smoke flavor.
4	Nothing is as great as the original but this is pretty close. The place is a lot nicer and newer with the same great menu and beer selection. It's always seems to be fairly busy and noisey but you just cant beat the food.Half priced apps from 4 until 6pm is the best happy hour special in town!
1	Atmosphere: Fun and invitingWaitresses on the floor: Nice and helpfulFood: Basic BBQ, nothing crazy but never disappointing.The reason for this review is the sub-par customer service I received while at this location. This is the second occurrence of poor service there, however much worse the second time around.I sat myself at the bar because being a single person I didn't want to hold up a table during the lunch rush crowd. There was 5 people at the bar when I sat down. I waited for a long time before finally being asked what I would like. After placing my order I quickly received my drink and shortly after received my food (which was brought out from the back by a food runner I assume). With my drink gone and my hands covered in sauce, I had nothing to wipe my hands on. Never did the bar tender come by to see if my order was correct or if I needed anything. She instead stood at the end talking to two customers at the bar. I was able to finish my meal and drink...with enough time to use the wax paper from my basket to clean my fingers enough to send a message via Facebook to the Steele Creek location. Then all of a sudden Robert the manager appeared and asked me how my service was. I explained the issues I had and he in turn offered to buy me a beer. However, being tight on time and patience I couldn't allow myself to stay any longer. What really bothered me was that after everything I got an apology from the manager but nothing taken off my bill and the bar tender never said a word.  With a place this popular I would have hoped for better service and better treatment. I wouldn't waste my time going there if you plan on sitting at the bar, get a table and hopefully your experience will be better than mine.
4	Wine half-price on tuesday. Good thing, cuz i needed that wine to help dissolve the large chunks of kansas city beef rib in my gut! What is it about smoked beef fat? Irresistible to dogs like me. Nice, clean bone about 12 inches long with a skillet of tender meat at the end. By skillet, i mean 12 inches in diameter and two inches thick! Shared with the super carnivore and we still had half of it left. Never seen this cut before and it's a good thing i haven't.... We visited mac's twice in one week, tuesday, natch. Each meal featured that excellent meat.Mac's sides don't do me like the rib, but they're good enough. Potato salad was a solid choice, i forget my other. Service was attentive.I like the mac's vibe, motorcycle theme, with booze and meat. Very popular, good for all the age groups.
3	Been here a few times now and the BBQ is always good to great for the money. The service is hit or miss though. Runners bring the food out so if you want/need another beer/drink then you have to flag down your server... if you can. Lots to choose from on the menu and yummie desserts will bring me/us back.
4	Always a guarantee. Don't expect the best service you'll ever get (kind of goes along with the biker bar theme) but the food and drinks make it all worthwhile.
2	Was in the mood for some cue and decided to go to Mac's. Haven't been there in awhile.   Finally we had some decent evening weather and decided to eat outside.  The outdoor dining area is right next to the smoking area so you need to watch where they sit you.  My wife ordered the brisket sandwich- Sandwich, which is open faced, arrived with 2 small slices of brisket on top of limp Texas toast with sauteed onions on the side.  Brisket was tough and chewy.  In the past the sandwich would come loaded with meat and smothered with onions and bbq sauce.  I ordered the 1/2 rack of ribs.  The menu says that they are st;. Louis ribs so they should have been big and meaty. What arrived was baby back ribs.  good smoky flavor but a litlle chewy.  My sides were onion rings and slaw.  The onions ring breading was spicy which wasn't bad but there was way too much breading.  So all that you tasted was the breading.  I doubt I will be back to Macs anytime soon with so many cue options in town.
5	I am in no way a barbecue expert.  That being said, I tend to be a bit of a barbecue snob.  But I'm not one to turn down my nose at barbecue that may not be "authentic".  I'll eat anyone's barbecue.  But I know the difference between good and great.  Let me put it to you this way.  After one taste of the barbecue here at Mac's, I now know why true barbecue snobs turn up their nose at what they consider to be inferior barbecue.  Because you just get the sense that this is the way it is supposed to be.  So now, me being a Philadelphia area guy, I now have had a taste of true authentic Carolina barbecue.  And I don't think I'm going to be able to look at anything else the same way again.  I tasted the sampler when I was here with pulled pork, beer can chicken, brisket, and ribs.  My first bite was of the pulled pork.  No sauce because I needed to taste it as is to truly judge it.  I'm a firm believer that good barbecue doesn't need the sauce.  Man, that first bite floored me.  The smoke was intense, the juices were flowing, this was perfect!  I almost decided not to use any sauce at all.  But I did eventually sample the red, and it was wonderful as well.  Then, the brisket was next which was good.  Maybe a little tougher than I expected it to be.  But I certainly ate it.  I downed the ribs next, and loved those.  Finally, I polished off the chicken which really wowed me again.  I like to make beer can chicken at home, and this was every bit as good as homemade.  Mac and cheese made the combo perfect.  I also got the grits, which I tasted and liked, but was too full to eat.  Now, maybe I'm crowing about this barbecue because I come from an area not known for great barbecue.  But I get it now.  It really is better in the south than what we get back home.  I don't know if I'll ever get back here, but I hope I do sometime.
5	Beer Can Chicken best chicken in all of NC, SC, FL, TN and TX!! And I keep a bottle of their red sauce & mustard sauce at our house all the time.  Both are very unique but  oh so tasty! We have even got our family in East TN hooked on the sauce.  I have tried the burgers - YUM, onion rings - YUM, BBQ variety platter - YUM (brisket as good as I got in TX, sausage wasn't my cup of tea but not bad), my husband loves the shrimp tacos & collard greens!  Waitresses are very attentive and haven't had a bad experience at Mac's yet.
2	This week was my second time having Mac's.  We had lunch this week for a birthday in the office.  We ordered from the Steele Creek location, but the only other time I went was to the Lake Norman location.  I can't speak for service this time as someone else ordered and picked up our food.I ordered pork bbq, it was pretty good as was the sauce that it came with. The sides were definitely blah.  Potato Salad - some of the worst I have had, just does not have a flavor kick to it at all.  Side Salad - shredded lettuce with a bunch of bacon bits and tomatoes - blah.  Had a bite of someone else's macaroni and cheese, very bland, did not care for it.With other much better bbq options out there, I don't see myself returning on my own dime.
2	We took my coworker here for his birthday because he'd been raving about how much he loved this place. And maybe it's another one of those "wrong time...wrong day" experiences but this place just didn't do it for me.We arrived a little after 11am and the place was already starting to get busy. For me that's always a great sign!  We were seated in a booth by the outside patio and here's the first major downside...there were flies everywhere. I guess since the door kept being opened and it was so hot this was to be expected but it's nothing I hate more than eating inside and having to swat and cover my food. Our waitress came over and greeted us and my coworkers and I are still trying to figure out if she was "new" or just completely "lost" but service was horrible. Our drinks weren't refilled, there were a couple of orders came out wrong and the process of paying was a real disaster. I won't bore you with the details just know I was not impressed at all. But on to the food, I ordered the Lil' pig (pork BBQ sandwich) and macaroni and cheese. The BBQ was just okay. It just wasn't anything special. I did enjoy trying all the different sauces on the table. The slaw was meh. But I'm not really a slaw lover. The real downer was the mac and cheese...so bland and tasteless. My coworker said normally it doesn't taste like that so I'm thinking it was just the first batch of the day and they just were rushing and maybe missed some seasoning. Who knows?!I'll put it like this if my coworkers suggests this place again I'd come back and give them another chance but it's definitely not high on my list.
5	I was visiting the Charlotte area and not many places to chose from where I am staying, so I decided to venture out. I was pleasantly surprised to find Mac's. The prices are a great value for the amount of food you get, plus the service was fast in my experience. When I sat down at the bar the bartender, Scott, instantly introduced himself to me and remembered my name throughout my stay. I have to say I was extremely impressed by everything all around!!
2	Had the combo plate.  Three out of four meats were dry/overcooked.  Last time, I had pulled turkey, so dry nearly inedible.  This can't be the best bbq around...
4	This is a nice place to go after work. Its right off the highway and the food and the prices are reasonable. I would recommend... especially if your stuck in traffic around  77 and 485
4	This place had really great food. I was very surprised, that's a good sign that people know about it when on Monday night there are no tables to be had at 8:00 PM! I would recommend the ribs, or the beer can chicken. Those were my two favorites. And the mac & cheese is really good too!
4	Great food. Even better service. The Manager is friendly & helpful. I love the smoked chicken nachos. Great outdoor live music and a great happy hour crowd!
2	I ate here a few times with co-workers while on a business trip in Charlotte.  The first time I ate there I thought is was great.  I had the beer can chicken with the chipotle wing sauce.  The chicken was juicy and flavorful.  The mac and cheese is great as well.  The second time I went there I ordered the same thing, including the collard greens.  The chicken was dry and lacked flavor.  The collard greens are a bit juicy for my taste.  Seemed there was a lot of water in the bowl.  The mac and cheese was consistent.  The third time I went there I tried the wings.  These were ok.  They did not seem to have much flavor from the chipotle wing sauce.  Maybe they did not have enough sauce on them.  They were not anything to brag about.  What I can say is that this place is inconsistent with the food.  Sometimes the meal is great and sometimes it is less than good.  I visited more than twice because of co-workers wanting to eat there.  I will never make the decision to go there again.
2	I've had better bbq.  Was expecting deliciousness, but received average bbq.Salad is a great value here - $5.  I guess not too many people order it or something, but it was so totally worth it.  Spinach salad was totally great.The wife and I got a the "A Whole Lot of Stuff" combo.  We got the chicken, ribs, brisket, and pulled pork.  Ribs were ok, so was the chicken.  Pulled pork was dry.  The brisket were slices, like london broil.  Was not expecting that.  Overall it was ok.  Nothing special.  If I lived in the area, I don't think I'd go back often, if at all.
5	I live close to this location, so I am a frequent visitor.  The good is always great.  I like Macs a lot because it's a small, local business.  The service is good, always fast and friendly.  The BBQ is soo good.  They also have there own branded sauces which are also great and unique.  Anyone who hasn't tried Macs yet or is visiting the area, must stop in!
3	The beer selection is outstanding, both bottles and draughts. Service is friendly but slow. The food varies, our friends ordered wings and loved them, the pimento cheese dip billed as spicy was quite bland. My biggest complaint, backless stools at the high top tables. Just not comfortable after an hour or so.
5	Blackened Fish Sandwich with a side of collard greens is my new favorite dish. They always have the local brews on tap.
4	Stopped in for dinner on12/29/13. Anxious to try the baby back ribs.  Ordered the onion rings basket as an accompany side an WAS NOT DISSAPOINTED.   The Ribs,  had a deep smoked flavor,  much like mines should I have taken the better part of the day to smoke them in the bug green egg.   The onion rings were old school style, large, hot and succulent.  And to think,  all this finger lickin sauce on these ribs were this close to me and I just figured it out.....
3	Had this place on the list from  a food network map or show or something or other.  I read best in Charlotte! While visiting Charlotte for 2 weeks for work we made 3 stops here.   The first night we just had drinks since we ate elsewhere for dinner.  Nice service and reasonable drinks. 3 of us came for lunch a few days later.   3 pulled pork sandwiches, 2with mac and cheese and 1 with fries.  All fantastic.   Might be the best pulled pork sandwich ever.   The mac and cheese was really good but then I had 2 more mac and cheeses elsewhere that blew this out of the water!  Also had fried pickles that were really good.   tabasco flavor if I recall correctly.   Waitress was great and got us in and out in a hour since we were on our lunch break.    Mac's was getting a 5 from me at this point.  Then went again for happy hour.   Didn't plan on eating but once the waitress solicited half price tacos we were sold.   My friend liked her shrimp ones but I didn't care for the beef brisket. they were a 2 in my book.  and the chips and queso were also a 2.   Salsa 3.    Final rating will be 3.  But Macs, I will be back for the bbq pork when in town!
4	I had Macs on Jan. 25th.  My family and I enjoyed various different plates that were served quickly by our server. The brisket was smokey and good, although I would slice it thin and pile it up for the same serving size. I would also not add the sauce to the brisket and allow diners to choose if they would want it or not.   The Mac and cheese and Brunswick stew are to die for.  My husband and I were a little put off by ordering beers on draft  that were out.  Since the beers are daily, it would be nice if they would strike off the ones that are out, prior to customers ordering.  That way we are not disappointed when we are told that what is listed as current is out. We will be back and give this another go.
4	Lunch Jan 23Best onion rings I have ever had...period!Seriously, I was blown away!Giving this joint 4 stars just for the onion rings.
3	Stopped here 3 times during a 2 week business trip. We had a rule that we wouldn't do repeats, but we liked it so much we broke our rule. The first time was just drinks which was fine if you like beer, which I don't.  They didn't have much to offer in the way of fruity girly drinks, but they came up with a few cherry vodka drinks for me. The 2nd time we came for lunch.  The waitress was great as she knew we had limited time, and the pulled pork sandwiches were absolutely fantastic! My friend and I both had macaroni and cheese which was really cheesy and delicious, a 3rd party had fries. The Tabasco fried pickles were excellent, very spicy and crispy. The 3rd time we came with a friend from Charlotte.  We were only planning on drinks but the waitress sold us on 1/2 price queso and tacos.  The queso was very disappointing with chips out of a bag. My shrimp taco was decent but I was disappointed that the shrimp were fried as that was not in the description.  My one friend did not like her brisket tacos at all, and I can't remember what kind of taco my other friend had, but he did eat them all! Next time I'm in Charlotte, I would definitely go back for the pulled pork and macaroni and cheese.
4	Mac's has pretty good BBQ. The beef rib is delicious (and huge). My wife really enjoys the salads. There are a lot of beer options here too. This location has less of a biker atmosphere than the one on South Boulevard.
4	This place has awesome BBQ, beer selections and prefect place to watch games!  I love their chipotle wing and smoke nachos!  Best places for some BBQ food!
5	Best beef brisket I have ever eaten.Great sauces (Try the Red sauce)!The atmosphere is rock mixed with motorcycles mixed with sports.Good beer selection.The one negative is never enough parking.
5	Really good BBQ.  Had the combo platter with pulled pork, pulled turkey, ribs and brisket.  Portions were very nice for the price.  Especially the pork and turkey.   The brisket was ok. Nothing to write home about.   The ribs were fantastic. Nice pull. Great flavor.   The 4 sauces offered were very good although it would have been nice if they offered a sweet sauce.All in all however the good was plentiful and had a great flavor.  Our server was very friendly and attentive.  Her casual style fit right in with the atmosphere of this BBQ joint.As a final note, my wife would kill me if I did not mention the fried apple pie she had for dessert.  It was fantastic and a great end to the evening.
5	No complaints here, the food was phenomenal! Wish we had these back in FL. I ordered with a group and we had the collard greens, grits, and cream corn (which is actually spicy), pulled turkey, whole chicken, and the best was that brisket. Everything was very fresh and tasted homemade.
2	I've been going to Mac's for years and find the quality going down.  The beef brisket is not good anymore.  I went to the Cornelius restaurant for take out of the brisket plate.  Three thick slices of brisket that were tough and chewy.  The beans and rice side were good, the slaw, meh.  The Texas toast  was not even toasted, more like bread with a smear of grease.  I'm not going back.  That meal was $16+.  Not worth it. Sauceman's is way better.
1	Don't eat the south blvd macs there dirty cooks and rude staff and management that they have I wouldn't recommend people I say more it's way much better BBQ out there in charlotte this place sucks
4	I'm new to the area and wanted some good BBQ and this place came highly recommended.  I have to say the Catfish was great! We'll seasoned and absolutely delicious. ...yummy Mac & Cheese and pulled pork. The ribs were tasty and fell off the bone.  I did have a spoonful of the bake beans but they were too sweet for me but still pretty good. I would be eating here again and the price is right.
4	My wife and I have been going to the Sandy Porter Mac's almost since it opened. For the first 6 months they were out of this world! Huge portions, great service and amazing food. Since then its been great but not like then. Now recently they have a new kitchen manager. On a recent stop my wife got the little pig and onion rings and the rings were cold and tough. Had a gift card which they originally said that they couldn't  take cause their machine wasn't working right! Eventually the manager fixed it all, but this is not the same Macs no more. Scoped many other reviews to see I am not alone. Mac's please go back to the way you used to be!
2	Just ok.  The St. Louis ribs were not fall off the bone tender, as I would expect if they had been coming for 6 hours.  Honestly. My ribs at home are better. Hubby and son had chicken wings, which they described as 'rubbery'.
3	Still great food and a great beer selection, but the service can be lacking. Waiting 25 min to get a drink is unacceptable. Step it up, Mac's. Give me a reason to keep spending my money here.
2	Ribs were terrible.. Had thick hammy texture and taste. Collards and onion rings were good.
4	Great place, great food, great staff. I actually prefer this Mac's over the S. Blvd one as this one is more of a local neighborhood place. The guy below blasted this Mac's thinking it was the S. Blvd location so disregard that chuckies review. Pro's: Great bbq, great non bbq foods and sides. Good beer selection and they always have a daily drink special. You get you food fast if you want it, some plates might need more time but what I order is usually ready asap. They just changed the menu and the new burgers are awesome. The staff works hard and remembers most of the patrons, they are tight knit here. Live bands on Saturdays outside with no cover charge. Great location in South Charlotte. The food is very consistant what you get one time is much like the next time. Con's: Prices went up and have gone up steadily over the years, could be economic reasons not sure. The parking lot can get full very quickly but that is a sign of popularity so I deal with it.
1	Went last night.  Waited for quite some time near bar for a server but they stood around chatting with each other versus helping us.  The greeter walked past us numerous times after she seated us but never checked in or got our server for us.  We ended up walking out.  It was very interesting to see the greeter & someone dressed in a bright pink shirt watch us leave without being served & never even attempted to fix it.  Will never return.
2	Service was fine. Food was not. My friend ordered the Brunswick Stew. Very little meat in it and not seasoned at all. I ordered the Mac Chilli with all fixins. It didn't look too appetizing, was room temperature and had no meat in it; just a bunch of beans and tomatoes. I asked the server and she shrugged and said "They must have not stirred it before dipping it out". Quickly, after sorta finishing it, my stomach started to feel weird. I came home and laid down. It got worse. Eventually, I threw it up -- tomatoes and beans. Beware the chili.
4	I give this a place a 4 since my pedigree for Carolina BBQ is being a Seattleite. Pulled pork sandy is a 5 really great mustard sauce. Creamed corn was better than most...collard greens seemed good.Great service on my visit. Equal to 2 other Carolina BBQ restaurant visits.Go hear and enjoy.
4	Great place to go for dinner. I went here with a friend for dinner before a comedy show. The pulled pork was delicious. Service was great. Prices are good as well. Its nice to not have to go into the Uptown area for a delious BBQ meal.
3	This was my second time visiting Macs. I was very impressed the first time, but not so much today. I ordered the Brisket Quesadillas. Although they were tasty, I felt that for the cost, the portions were small. Additionally, it took our waitress almost 15 minutes to take our food order. Overall, the atmosphere is great and I will be back, but during lunch hour, I'll probably go somewhere else next time.
4	I'm new to the Carolina's but I know alllllllll about the BBQ rivalry. I haven't been to an amazing BBQ place since I've been here (just a couple of chain places) but I had been told by my coworkers that Mac's is supposedly one of Charlotte's best. Yesterday, I gave it a try.First of all, the place has great ambiance. Biker Bar themed BBQ joint that is immaculately clean, and is bigger than I expected it to be. There is a cute patio too that seems like a fun place to have some Friday night cocktails in the summer. The service was on point. I was there for lunch on a weekday and I could see that it gets busy around that time. Our server was nice and was at our table just enough, not too much. The food also came out really fast so that was great.Now, the food. First, you get a plate of hush puppies. Not my favorite, but they were pretty good.  I ordered the small smoked turkey plate with collard greens and mac n' cheese. Maybe it's cause I'm new but the greens were to die for! You can't get greens like that in my home state and they were so tasty. A tiny bit spicy with lots of flavor. The mac n cheese was great too. The smoked turkey was alright. Maybe I just like pulled pork better but it still good. Also, it doesn't have much sauce on it which I was happy about because I like trying the different sauces on mine.I'd definitely come back to Macs. The cocktails look delicious (Cucumber bloody mary? Um, YES) and I think next time I'd get the pulled pork sandwich too.
4	Had a craving for bbq and decided to come by Mac's on the cool, rainy day. The food today is the best I've had here. Hot, fresh and tender. We got the combo with pork, brisket, beef sausage and ribs. We packed up half for dinner and started in on the rest. The pork was great (hard to mess that up), but the brisket won the afternoon. It was super tender and smokey! The flavor of everything was so good that we didn't even break into the 6 sauces on the table. My only complaint would be the amount of the sides. We got the biggest combo that comes with four sides. We could've used more mac and cheese, just saying. :) Finally, the music is good. I used to go to a biker bar in Gastonia (off Linwood, back in the day when a high schooler could get into a bar) and the music is the same. Nostalgic.
4	The wings here were really good and fairly large.  There was more meat on them than at most other wing places and the seasonings were great.
3	Pretty typical sports bars vibe. BBQ is good. Service friendly. But that piece of brisket - man was it good! Like a little steak, a little prime rib, and brisket all in one!
3	Everyone at my work raves about this place and honestly I can't figure out what the big deal is. Maybe I'm snobbish or maybe my palate is just different from the testosterone I work with. This is just an okay BBQ place in my opinion. The Mac and cheese is decent, the pulled pork is decent, the brisket is pretty good actually, and the baked beans are blah. Oh and the banana pudding seems to be pretty processed, not terrible but not like your southern grandmother made either. All in all I wouldn't choose to come here on my own
4	Went here for lunch a couple months ago. The food was pretty tasty. It's a bar environment so a bit noisy, but overall a very good experience there. I only cared for 1 style of the BBQ sauce though. For having the BEST BBQ in town, I wasn't blown away. To each her own...
3	This is a very average restaurant. The food has never been very good, compared to the Mac's on South Blvd. Every time I order the hush puppies, they come cold and sometimes burned. I have sent them back a couple of times. The turkey wrap was just ok and the fish tacos were nothing special. Only plus is the beer selection.
4	Great place for lunch or groups...TV's, cool man cave. Order brisket sandwich. I'm never a big fan of open face sandwiches as they aren't intended to be picked up to eat...brisket was good but not a pick up and eat sandwich. Spinach salad was excellent, Mac and cheese was okay...great local beers on tap. I liked the menu offerings and prices were very reasonable!! Enjoy!
2	The 17 dollar brisket meal came with 3 slices of well done brisket. I was expecting sliced smoked brisket, and what I get what a half portion of over done beef (has grill marks on it). Don't order this if you are hungry.
3	This was our second visit to Mac's at two different locations.  This visit we had ribs, pulled pork and wings.  Everything was OK, but nothing really special.  Pretty much what you would expect at a chain type restaurant.  They have a large draft and bottle beer selection.We would probably eat here again, but wouldn't go out of our way.
3	Mac's is a great looking place. Actually both Mac's look amazing. Even the menu looks great, and gets your mouth watering. The staff is generally nice too. But once they've sucked you in and have your mouth watering for something amazing, it happens.The time shifts so that you begin to sit uncomfortably on the stools and the noise inside the place pounds your head as the minutes tick away, while it takes forever to get the food out.Now you know they aren't back there flipping burgers like at McDonald's and putting them on buns. The pork has been cooking for hours. It may or may not be cooking over wood, but that's a debate for another time. The point here is that it's been cooking for a good while, and putting together a sandwich or a platter from barbecue that's been prepared over a number of hours should take a number of minutes measured in single digits. Definitely towards the lower end at lunch or when you have uncomfortable seats (or both, as is the case here)When it takes upwards of half an hour to get it out? Something is seriously wrong.The good news is that the food is decent, but it just takes so dang long to get there that all that pent-up frustration takes the enjoyment out of eating to make it not worth going back.
4	Fun atmosphere, love the live music!  Family friendly.  Food is very good!
