5	What a GREAT addition to the community!  The best thing is that it is on SUNDAY mornings, which makes it a wonderful family outing!
5	My wife went to Fresh 52 and bought the best corn on the cob I've ever had and I've had a lot over my lifetime. She also bought berries and cherries and I'm not a big fan of those, but these were an eye opener for me, VERY TASTY & FRESH!!!I would rather get it fresh from the farmers than let it go to the supermarket and all the hands that touch it.We will be back at FRESH 52 this Sunday for sure!!!CHECK this out, its free and its more than just food.FRESH52.com
5	This is a wonderful market! The vendors are personal & friendly & have the BEST produce & crafts!! Check out the Rockin Mama Baby Gear booth onJuly 11th!!!
4	Went here today and it was a lot of fun! Got to see some Yelpers at their booth, and checked out a lot of the booths. Most of the owners were very friendly and gave out samples of their products. Got some basic produce, freshly made cilantro lime hummus, and even won a bracelet from the drawings they did there today. They also had the Sin City Prophets play and had some demonstrations. There was a little something for everyone and I will definitely return next week. I can't wait to whip something up with the produce I got and a few of the items were very close to supermarket prices still. Some of the items were a bit out there as far as pricing goes, but you get what you pay for. So far everything looks to be high-quality goods. I can't wait to come back next week with more cash!
4	Love another farmers market here in Lovely Las Vegas! This market is a mix of goods & local produce being sold. Very nice to see locals out pushing their stuff, BUY LOCAL!The bath stuff is really nice by the way.... off to take a soak!(also do not miss the Elixir Organic cafe in the same strip mall. All Organic, All good!)
4	I have been the to fresh52 farmers market two times now. The first time was the first week it opened. And the second time being the grand opening they had last week.First off, I am happy there is a farmer's market fairly close to where I live and in the same complex of my workplace! It is located in the Sansone Center in the parking lot near Black Pepper Grill. This is my first farmer's market that I have been to in Las Vegas, so I have nothing to compare it to.  I guess, I had anticipated much more fresh food stands. There is one vendor that sells a bunch of different veggies and fruits (seems like the bigger of the veg/fruit stands). Their prices are higher than I'd like to pay (would much rather go to Sunflower market) but the times I have gone, I bought a few things. Always fresh and delicious.There is a woman there that sells freshly made hummus, babaganoush, tabouli, salsas, etc! They are soooo delicious! I bought the olive hummus the first time around and bought the tabouli the second time. She is always offering free samples of her products. I tried her newest creation, a thai noodle salad. Yummy! There are other vendors selling crafts, shave ice, fresh breads, etc. I haven't really checked those out just because I'm always there for fresh fruits and veggies. But next time, I will definitely check them out. I was hoping that the cajun food truck would've been there last sunday.. but I may have just gone there too early (around 10am).Overall, I am glad they have started this, we definitely need more of these little markets around town!
4	I applaud fresh52 on making this Farmer's Market happen in Henderson. There are so many logistical issues with having fresh produce sold in Las Vegas in the summer, and I'm sure that it has not been easy, as they have stated. I went last week and bought some delicious blueberries. I also discovered the Elixir cafe's sumptuous organic, vegan desserts, since they had a booth there even though their restaurant is just across the parking lot.  The strawberries were all gone by the time I was there (1 pm) but I look forward to buying them next week. I also look forward to more fun local vendors and produce being added. Perhaps they could add other desert treats like local honeys, dates, figs, apricots, etc. The quality of the other produce didn't look amazing but I chock that up to it being late in the day on such a hot afternoon. I will keep going back and purchasing from this farmer's market to help it stay in business and encourage its development.
3	Residents of the desert are used to deprivation--used to thirsting desires that won't be quenched anytime soon.  One of those thirsts: fresh vegetables in the desert.  Fairly straightforward, right?  It's a desert and, by definition, the climate cannot support significant agriculture.Even though we know this, valley residents consistently complain about the quality of produce in the grocery stores and the lack of a farmer's market.  With that said, know that I am reluctantly giving Fresh52 Farmer's market only 3 stars.  However, the middle of the road ranking is purely based on lack of quantity, not quality.  There are only 2-3 farmer's stands at the market: 1 offering multiple vegetables, 1 selling blueberries and 1 selling asparagus and strawberries.  However, the small number of produce vendors that are at Fresh52 offer fresh, crisp and delicious vegetables (we bought mushrooms, asparagus and brussel sprouts) and delicious blueberries and strawberries.  Based on the high quality of the farms that do have tents at Fresh52, I'll keep coming every Sunday, nursing the hope that repeat business will encourage more southern California vendors to come out to Henderson with great produce.
3	I know there are other farmers out there because they show up at the Molto market on Thursdays. I am happy that this one is open, however, and will patronize it as much as I can. But maybe some farmer's will read this and start coming to this one, too. We want your beautiful bountiful goodness, but we can't buy it if you don't sell it!
4	I love that more farmer's markets are popping up all over the place.  While regular supermarkets are trying to "add"  organic or non genetically modified foods to their stores , you can go to a farmers market and that is what they offer ... fresh, organic, unprocessed or non genetically modified foods. and if you are hungry... you can eat your way through the market snacking on mostly healthy snacks. Be prepared to bring cash because not all vendors have the ability to acdcept credit cards. (that is the only reason for 4 stars)It is hot also, so be prepared to be HOT while walking around. Last week I got two teas at Grandma Shirley's tea shop , both organic. I got berry blast (which is now my favorite tea EVER) totally delicious. and also a green tea called Green Hornet. (tying for first place ;) ) these teas are loose leaf organic tea ... they are DELICIOUS! They also have teapots if you do not have one of those loose leaf tea strainer things.I also got a flat of strawberries from Ron the Strawberry guy. SO amazing! Truly fresh strawberries, I made a strawberry lime vinagarette dressing for salad with them and it was perfection.I also bought to shopping totes from Easy2beeGreen  2 for $25 . they are hand sewn and double layered. VERY good quality, I am considering buying a couple more so when I grocery shop I can have all my items put in the totes. I also decided I am bringing more cash with me next time to make sure I can bring home even more fresh goodies.
3	This is an A-OK experience - friendly vendors, more variety than I expected, and a convenient location.  I think it is cool that it operates year-round.  I just cannot see this as the most amazing thing ever because I have been to such amazing farmers markets like Portland and San Diego recently.  However, we did end up with some great things.Eric R., who has always viewed my taste for tea on a daily basis as odd, enjoyed the iced tea sample at Grandma Shirley's Tea booth, and said he would like some!  So I purchased for him this tea blend (it had orange peel and peach flavors), and also got for myself Coconut Crave and Black Jasmine with vanilla.We ended up at the Snack Shack, run by some nice folks originally from Alabama, and I purchased the dried kiwi I read about recently on Yelp, dried pears, and dried pineapples.  The prices were really good.  I would probably go back in the future - we did not get a chance to try the olive oil booth because it was crowded.Also, the Bon Bread Company that I tried at the Molto Vegas Market was there, and they had pretzel bread but they even admitted it was hard to keep them from condensing so I didn't get any.
3	I finally got over to Fresh52, and I'm glad I did. I was able to get fresh asparagus, there were plenty of other fruits and veggies that looked tempting I wish I had a need for them all. I stopped by Bon Breads, I could easily spend a small fortune, but I limited myself to two loafs. The multi-grain was fantastic. The bacon and onion was a bit disappointing. I thought it'd be packed with flavor, but I found it a bit bland and dry. Will try others on future visits. Another favorite was the Napa Valley Olive Oils. All the samples I tried were great. I went home with the garlic dipping oil and it's quite good. I'd like to see this market grow into something truly great, it does have location going for it so I'm hopeful.
4	I have been coming to this market since it opened and always find some really great stuff. Produce is fresh and I love the bread from Bon. Sometimes the parking lot can be packed..so be careful. I'm so glad this is so close to my house. I hit it up every week.
4	I have to admit that I didn't get a chance to actually walk around. From what I saw though, this looks like a pretty awesome farmers market. Now if I were to somehow stumble across some dark chocolate almond brittle like they have in SF, it would be game over. Maybe it's a good thing I didn't walk around.Anyway, I was here today for the Fall Harvest Festival. Specifically, I was here to witness the first annual Yelpy, Sugary, Super Fresh Pie Eating Contest. By all accounts, it was a great success (Borat style even). Well except that a non-Yelper won. But that's OK.
4	My husband and I took the kids to the Fresh52 farmers market for the Fall Harvest and to finally catch up with the Slider Truck (*see Slider Truck review). I was surprised to see as many vendors there as they had. I picked up some medium hot salsa at Miguel's Salsa. (It's very good, by the way. ) I also picked up some fresh sweet corn. Some of the vendors were selling nuts, breads, tie dye shirts, salsa, hot sauce. Some of the veggies were a bit pricy. I know peppers can be pricy but $1.50 for one red pepper?! In any case, it was nice to see a farmers market. Small but quaint. It was a nice little stroll for us.
4	Cool little farmer's market on Eastern at Richmar. We come here every couple of weeks to peruse and buy random things, e.g., a honey bear, almonds in a carrot shaped baggie, button bookmark or earrings. Generally, there's fresh fruit and vegetable booths (some from CA farms),  Winder farms, nuts, some jewelry, tea, soaps, salsa and a great bread booth (the name of the vendor escapes me).  Yes, it's small, but with time and/or a greater crowd, I think more booths will pop up (as we saw with the Fall Harvest Festival).  In the meantime, it's a great little market to support in the 'hood. Parking hasn't been an issue, at least for me. There are lots of cars in the lot, but I can usually park within five minutes.
4	This is Vegas, and you can't exactly expect to have a booming farmers market in the middle of the desert where we can't exactly - uh - farm!  However, over the last few months the diversity of vendors has grown and I've grown quite fond of my Sunday morning visits to Fresh 52.  The shining star of the place is the actual fruit and produce vendor who drives 7 hours each way from California!  This stand has a great diversity of good quality fruits and vegetables, many different kinds of potatoes, onions, squashes, broccoli, peppers, avocados, brussel sprouts, pears, apples, oranges, persimmons... The list obviously continues.  Ask the workers any questions you have - the folk selling the stuff are the folks who grow it.  Show them some love, they barely make the ends meet selling stuff here in winter, but hope it's worth it to develop a loyal customer base for the spring and summer.There are a couple of booths selling different fruits.  During the right time of year I was impressed with the quality of the blueberries (the price was kind of steep, but worth it to me), and we've found some good quality strawberries too.  There is a stand that sells some fantastic CA grown, NV dried, fruit - much of which is organic, and they'll give you samples of everything they sell.  There are a handful of breads and baked goods, but I haven't tried them - I'm there for the produce.  I've also seen a booth for an organic chef (who specializes in vegetarian cooking).  Most of the wares are crafty - although there was some very nice woodworking this past week... If you're interested in supporting the local economy, check this place out.  We don't have much around here, but for what we have, this ain't too shabby.
2	I've been wanting to check out local farmers markets for awhile now and heard about this one just in time since it's only on Sundays. I was quite excited to go but once we got there it was a little disappointing. There was only maybe one whole row of booths and most were services or crafts and not actual fruit and vegetable stands. We did however buy a few things such as fresh breads and honey sticks which were really great but I went there wanting some good fruit and left empty handed. It was also quite a drive, it took us a good hour to get there from where we live and it really wasn't worth it. If they expand I would definitely check it out again but for now I'm good with just this one trip.
5	LOVE the Fresh 52 Farmer's Market! Especially love Sno Ono (woohoo! shaved ice in Vegas!).  Also love the produce, bread, crepes, dried fruit, pasta sauce, natural soaps and the great energy!  Thanks for a great market!  We've made it a weekly event.
4	I forgot that I had already reviewed this place. Then again, my original review was pretty crappy and solely based on my superficial experience with the Yelp pie eating contest. Now that I've actually had a chance to walk around, nothing has changed. I'm still a fan. It's a little far from my house, but it's definitely worth the drive every now and then. I was there last weekend and they had a great selection of local vendors. From fresh fruit and teas to pizza tacos and aprons, it's fun just walking around and browsing. It's not very large, so it won't take long to take everything in. I tried the fruit vendor's super sweet navel oranges. Sure they are more expensive than your grocery store, but sometimes the extra expense is worth it. You'll also find some of our great food trucks joining in the fun. On this particular occasion, Snow Ono Shave Ice and Sloppi Jo's Roving Eatery were there to serve delicious eats and treats. That's a reason to visit in and of itself. In fact, that was *the* reason I was there. Overall, Fresh52 is a great way to spend part of your Sunday morning. Get out there now and enjoy the weather while it's not too hot.
4	Pros - love the earrings and jewelry at the Inclined to Create booth, and the preservative-free salsa at Miguel's boothCons - it's small and they lack a variety of produce vendors. I'm used to the farmer's markets with multiple vege vendors so you can compare, but here, there is only one of each. It's a little bigger than when it started and I look forward to it getting even more bigger.I think I overheard they will be opening another Farmer's mar
2	By any other city's standards, this farmers market is a sad showing.  But I was so surprised to stumble onto this little market after an amazing brunch at Republic Kitchen, that I feel generous and am giving it 2.5 stars.  I was able to pick up some radishes, tomatoes and strawberries.  Only the tomatoes were sub-par.There were a lot of none-food booths, i.e., gourmet dog treats, essential oils.  I only go to farmers markets for the produce so I barely glanced at these, but some of the stuff looked cool.  Also saw some cute jewelry stands.  In terms of produce, you'll be sorely disappointed by the fact that there are only a few booths if you go for the garden offerings.
4	Just wanted to add a quick update to note that there are now more vegetable and fruit vendors, with some as close as Gilcrease orchards.  And, the honey guys sell fresh eggs, delicious!
4	I love this little market.  It's true that there aren't a large number of fruit and vegetable stands like I'm used to but... we are in the desert.  Not a heck of a lot grows out here!  I think that as it grows more vendors will start coming in but for now, I'm thrilled to be able to get lovely fresh strawberries, corn, green beans and potatoes.  Bon Breads is fantastic, the only one I haven't loved so far is the country Italian and that's jut because I prefer bread with more texture.  They have the best rye I've ever had, a nice rosemary batard and a good whole wheat.  Also, check out the Napa Valley olive oil booth while he's still around, it'll disappear for a while when it gets really hot.  Besides the oil blends and amazing balsamic, he's got some great grilling sauces as well.  The chipotle barbecue sauce is perfect for anything you can toss on the grill.
5	I love this market. The produce is fresh and its fun place to take the family.
4	This may be a little farmer's market with a limited amount of fresh produce stands like in many bigger locations but remember we are in the desert and not many green places are growing stuff here..  But  the strawberries and corn that have been trucked in are really tasty and one stall also sells those "pineapple" watermelons.My favorite stalls are Miguel's Homemade Salsa..not salty at all and with a nice little buzz on the lips and tongue when you eat it.  Also Bon Breads are the bomb!! My favorites are the Bacon and Onion loaf - Great for sandwiches and even better to make grilled sandwiches with.  The bacon flavor just permeates throughout the loaf.  My wife has a fondness for the Feta Bread.I like tp go to go to the Fresh 52 market at Eastern and not at Tivoli Village.  Tivoli Village is very dog friendly.Try either location.
3	Finally got a Sunday off and headed out for a stroll around and had high hopes of picking up some items. Sadly, the items that I was looking for were mostly missing. When fall comes around I am looking forward to see some of the new produce and items. Although it is still small, there is definitely some visible growth. The extension into Urban Grill for an indoor portion shows potential. It becomes crowded and hard to browse so get there early. The thing about this market is how beneficial it is to the other businesses in this complex. After a leisurely stroll through the area, it is a great place to grab Indian for lunch, some popcorn to snack on, or a frozen yogurt. It is a diverse complex filled with good choices.
4	There was actually fresh produce at this market.  One local grower out of Sandy Valley stood out with fresh greens, beans, peppers, okra and more.  Some imports from Fresno and Brentwood areas brought corn and grapes and more to provide diversity.  Local honey, the discovery of Gilcrease Orchard, boiled peanuts, the bread guy, and enough diversity to actually spend some money and time.  Not a bad little Vegas market and well located for those of us on the south side.
4	This was a spur of the moment idea and although it looks good, it's not diet friendly.  I love a good outdoor market and this a small assortment of booths, everything from bakery goods, to fruits and veggies.  But, there are too many tempting items that are just full of sugar and I must watch my sugar.  My husband and I are constantly watching out for that and it's not that we do not eat sugar, but most of the time we save it for a special time, this was not one of them.What we saw did look inviting and very worth a return trip, on a day when sugar doesn't matter.  I wish it would grow and get even bigger, but then again, we do live in a desert and not too many fresh veggie farms around here!
3	It's smaller than I expected it to be, but that doesn't mean you can't pick up some essentials that you need. My favorite vendor is Grandma Shirley's Tea Shop, and I have to say I never want to buy bagged tea from the supermarket again for the sake that this tea is literally organic and SO good, it's unlike any flavored tea you'll ever taste from a box! This is where I discovered Grandma Shirley's and Bon Breads. There's a good assortment of vegetables, fruit, jewelry, baked goods, and other items, but hopefully it'll become bigger in the future.
3	Got here at about 12:30 and didn't expect the variety we saw.  It seems small and is but there is a good selection of vendors, coffee, sausage, fruits & vegetables, various arts and crafts, and even a few booths for our four legged friends.  Most vendors selling food stuffs have free samples and encourage you to try, some are almost pushy but it's understandable considering the economy.  We didn't buy any produce but it looked fresh, some of the items are on the expensive side but these are small operations, some from out of state, I didn't feel anything was outrageous.   I had a good time and will come back but bring cash. I didn't see an ATM around which would have been convenient but poor planning on my part isn't a fault of the event.
3	One of the things I miss about back east are the abundance of good farmers markets and produce stands.  This one is nice...a bit small, but you can find a handful of nice things here.  There's a good variety of vendors here, everything from fruit, veggies, breads, honey, art, and even random things like cat trees and food trucks can be found here.The main vendor that has brought be back here is the Pahrump Honey Company.  They sell their farmed honey and bee pollen here, in many different sized bottles and jars.  Their honey is far superior than what you'll find in the grocery stores.  And bee pollen is truly a super food that has all the necessary amino acids and many vitamins and minerals needed in life, plus it really helps to overcome allergies you may have.Also Miguel's Homemade Salsa's is a great stand to hit.  He has many different flavors and degrees of hotness in his salsas...I'm definitely a fan.  I also hit a few different vendors to get my basic vegetables and assorted berries.I'm glad this farmers market exists.  And I hope it starts attracting more shoppers and vendors so it'll grow in size and popularity in the future.
3	Finally tried out this itty bitty farmer's market today and came out with a gigantic sweet potato that resembles a big snail ($3) from Gilcrease Orchard's booth, and a jar of natural strawberry jam from New Canaan Farm ($10).I was hoping for more vendors.  The items are still priced pretty high in my opinion.  At Gilcrease Orchard, a small basket of fruit, whether it contains sweet potatoes, pears, apples, or 2 eggplants, it is priced at $3.  We also tasted some Jerky but didn't get any as I am trying to lower my salt intake.  It's an OK farmers market, but will not be returning.
3	My review is strictly based on the variety of venders, organic farmers & selection. First off all, let me say that Veg Out is amazing!!!!!  This is really the primary reason for my visit every week. I love them!!!!! I stock up on their delicious GLUTEN-FREE, VEGAN dishes.I did notice today a vender there called Urban Hydro Greens.  Which I was stoked about!!  I'm excited to learn more about this concept & this vendor.urbanhydrogreens.comBut I'm quite disappointed otherwise on the selection of ORGANIC PRODUCE!! It's really sad that we don't have more LOCAL Farms & Vendors.
4	I love living in Henderson, all the good food is so much closer, including good food to cook! Like fresh veggies, fruits, and of course shaved ice at the fresh52. This in my opinion is one of the top 3 farmers markets we have. They have options like fresh made juices, local made jerky, salsas, honeys, jams, and of course fruits, vegetables, and herbs. This particular week they had an awesome photographer that sold some super unique NFL pictures. We actually picked up 3 of them. Honestly I would give this place 5 stars, but I've been before and the consistency isn't ALWAYS up to par. Never ever bad, but sometimes not as good as this time. Also, Oso Ono shaved ice sure did fill the shoes of Sno Ono quite well. Impressed, and happy to see them at the market. I will be returning at least on a monthly basis.
2	FRESH?? If you go Sunday, you get unsold leftovers.  This produce is at least two days old when it arrives in Las Vegas. Most shoppers have never tasted real fresh produce.  They are getting ripped off by these vendors who double and triple costs. I have eaten fresh summer vegetables for years on the east coast.  Nothing in this market comes close in comparison.  On 8/18, I bought corn.  Once home, I found that it had mold on both the outside and on the kernels inside.  And, of course, Fresh52 offers no avenue for complaint on their web site.  AVOID THE PLACE.
5	This market has much if what i am looking for, delicious selection of veggie food, homeade dog treats, fruit and greens. Live the microgreen smoothies and garden grill. Also Mezza and veg out.  Id say the area in general is lacking good organic produce, i give fresh 52 , 5 stars cause they are really trying to do something good. Gotta start somewhere! Big props to you fresh 52!  People want to complain about a lack of farms.. They oughtta start one..
3	This outdoor marked is deceiving.  It seems much bigger when driving by.  But, when you walk in you are a little disappointed.  Anyhow, we walked in and out within 5 minutes.  Nothing caught our eye so we left.  We will be back sometime when the pickings aren't so slim.
5	Love the fun stuff for kids like face painting and crafts!!!  Also lots of free samples, fresh air and music :-)
2	This is not what I think of when I want to go to a Farmer's Market.  Its an outdoor market with not much to buy.  Great to walk around, but there isn't much here.  I've been 3 times and didn't find anything that I wanted to buy.  Normally, I buy produce, fresh flowers, and maybe something like honey or great olive oils.  The vendor selection is minimal.  I'm used to the markets in California so I may be comparing this to something that doesn't exist out here, but I was so underwhelmed.  Plus prices seem high for what you get with some vendors.
2	This review is for the Sunday Market on Eastern.Very limited selection at very high prices. Mostly the left overs from the first 2 days.Thought I would try it again but it was just the same.You can save 50% by shopping at the District at Green Valley's farmers marketon Thursday evening.
1	Gets big ole ONE star. SMALL.  I drove from NW Vegas out to Henderson for this sorry excuse for a farm market. Lets talk about the prices! OMG! These vegetables better give me an orgasm for what I paid. One red onion and three medium sized tomatoes... $12.00 that's right! I could have sponsored an Ethiopian village for a month. I heard strawberries were $15.00.  Hint: Go to Smiths they are $2.50 and sponsor an underprivileged village with the change. Honey for a regular sized jar was $16.00 or a slightly bigger jar for $28.00. Are you kidding me? Anyway, I should have said no to the vegetables but I was too embarrassed. I thought I was getting deals, isn't that how farmer's markets work? Cut out the middleman? I need to be educated obviously! If I want to overpay I can go to albertson's . I did score 5 ears of white corn for $2.00.
2	Fresh 52 is ok, barely. The corn man had the best deal at 5 buds for $3. But I'm not a big corn fan. I wanted some strawberries or apricots. Maybe some spinach or green beans. Some kale perhaps. Maybe some apples. But I'm not paying $5 for a pound of strawberries when I can get 2 for $5 at Sprouts. $4 for a pound of green beans. Yea... I'm getting in my car right now & going to my nearest Sprouts.
