2	I've been here a couple of times now. I know this is a chain hair cutting joint but thought I'd review it anyways.Fantastic Sams opened in this location a few months ago. This store is located where the old shipping and mail store was. The inside is new and clean in appearance.While the employees have been pleasant and nice, the results of each visit are a mixed bag. On our last visit the hair cutter gal really did a number on my kids hair and it wasn't a good number. I didn't realize right away as my kid was bouncy and happy and the hair was still wet and kind of combed or parted or something. But the next day I knew I'd subjected my kid to a bad haircut and was kinda ticked that I left a tip. The last person that cut my hair was friendly but kept nitpicking what should have been an extremely simple haircut of a buzz all the way around. It was kind of awkward really. My significant other had her eyebrows slightly butchered here on one occasion but left happily with a great haircut on a different occasion.I think I prefer a regular barber for myself and Supercuts for a chain-type place. I guess it doesn't really matter as it's all in who's cutting the hair and I think stylists tend to come and go from joints like this so good and bad can be gone the next day forever and I'd never really know.I suppose a bonus is that it is located right next to a nail salon so the ladies might enjoy doing something to their hair and then going next door to get a foot massage or pedicure or something.
1	This place is a butcher shop. Arrogant, lazy staff that rushes to finish the job so they can get back to sitting or smoking out front. I know it's inexpensive but I thought you were getting the discount by compromising on ambiance, not quality. I'm 30 and it's probably been fifteen years since I had a hair experience worth crying about. Until this place got ahold of me, that is.
1	The only reason i became a duke o  this fantastic sams is the fact that i had to go here 3 times to get my freaking haircut fix. Patricia is the worst ever on cutting hair.  I can go and gice you 5 reasons why not to come here but theres only 1 big reason you should not ever step into this barbershop- Patricia. I can show you all the pictures of the uneven haircut that i have to deal with because of her. After 3 tries of getting them fix it. I have given up. Even the other person who tried to fix my hair said "just let it grow." What the ??? Really?!! I came in to get a haircut not a disaster. Check pictures to see how bad the cuts are. Oh it started to be a simple faux hawk. It turned out to be this way
4	I've had good experiences here. My hair stylist moved out of state and I'd been looking for somewhere to go, that wouldn't butcher my long hair and could do good color as well. My mother had taken my kids to FS' in the past and they always did a good job so i figured why not try it out? The 1st time I went, Michelle helped me and she was great!! She was very sensitive to my paranoia of losing the length of my locks and guided me through the first haircut I'd had in AWHILE! I was pleasantly surprised at the price $27 + tip for the cut and blow dry. I chalked it up to a good experience and planned to come back and did exactly that.When I came back again, I took my daughter on a "girls afternoon out" and was even brave enough to color my hair this time. She wanted a "bob" and I wanted some more layers throughout my hair, small trim for my hair and bangs and to get highlights. They got my daughter immediately in a chair and then I was told the next stylist should be back shortly. A stylist came in minutes later and said she was actually leaving for the day in 15 mins but she could cut my bangs for me to get me started for the next stylist. I said that was fine since my daughter was already started on her haircut by then. She did an ok job. I tipped her when she was done and the 2nd stylist, Julie took over. Julie was WONDERFUL!! She was pleasant to talk to, she listened to me ramble on and on and even involved herself in the convo. I tipped the stylist that did my daughter's hair when she was done. We were barely putting the color on that time, so my poor girl had sit for another hour and 1/2  while she finished my hair. It was nice though because while I sat waiting for the color to take to my hair, Julie offered me a charger for my phone because my battery was dying. I was able to charge my phone while waiting which was really nice to have that offered to me. We were done with my hair and all the while Julie and I chatted about all kinds of topics. I like a talkative stylist, but not too talkative. She was perfect! When we were done with everything I paid for my hair and we left. About 7 pm that night I realized I FORGOT to tip Julie!!! I had remembered to tip the 2 other stylists before her and totally spaced tipping her. I called the shop immediately and spoke to Julie, apologizing profusely and said I would be in to tip her as soon as I could. She actually said she thought it was because I ended up spending more on my hair than I had originally planned, so she understood. Even so the price to highlight my hair was very affordable and reasonable. I told her that wasn't the case and explained what happened. I wasn't able to make it in that night but came in the next day and made sure to give her a little extra just for having to deal with my space cadet-ness! I just wish Julie could have done all of my hair (including my bangs and not the other stylist). I didn't care for two different people cutting my hair in the same visit. All in all I've had good experiences there though. I highly recommend Julie...she was really fun and a pleasure to talk with for the nearly 2 hrs I was there, not to mention my hair looked FABULOUS! It's obviously not a high end salon but I always walk out feeling SO MUCH better than when I came in. GOOD JOB GUYS!!
4	I thought this place was pretty good. I came in without an appt. I just wanted to get my hair trimmed. I like a blunt cut. She said about 15 min. perfect, I went to the Ace hardware and then came back about 20 min later. She was just finishing up and then they saw me. washed my hair and cut it. I left with it wet, and fixed it once I got home. I had some errands to run so , I thought I would let it air dry for a bit.It was very inexpensive, they did a quick and good job.They take Credit card. So all was well. They try to get every one in quickly as they can. While I was waiting several men came in to get their hair cut, and they were all seen quite fast.
5	I've been to this location many times. I love coming in. The stylists are super friendly and chat with everyone that comes in and makes you feel comfortable. The last time I went in I decided to color my hair dark and get highlights which were new for me. It went pretty quickly and I went home. The next morning when I looked in the mirror I decided that I didn't care for the highlights because with the darkness of the rest of the hair, the blonde looked a bit more like gray so I went back in and they happily adjusted the color so that the highlights were also darker. This time it came out beautifully and I am completely happy with my hair.
1	Went for a haircut cuz I happened to be in the area.  Ended up having to grow my hair back out to get the style I asked for.  I won't go into too much detail, all I can say is, read the reviews, this place sucks to high heaven.  You're better off going to another local barber. I'll NEVER return to this place, the cut was NOT what I asked for, and they rush you in/out.  Save your $.
