2	Sooooooooo, I don't really get how you can charge $5.50 for shots that other bars are charging $3 or $3.50 for but whatever.  I really liked the Angelic and thought their bar and decor was really great.  Logans clearly ripped everything out and did their own thing, which is great, but other than the sweet pictures on the walls I'm not a huge fan of the decor.  The TVs are great and it's funny how they incorporate video clips in between music videos.  Also, their bathrooms are super nice.  I always remembered how Angelics bathrooms were dirty and often flooded every weekend, so it's nice to see a huge, clean bathroom in Logans.  I've had some apps and a sandwich and both took a very long time to come out when we were one of several people in the entire place.  However, the sandwich was really really good, and huge.The girls are cute, and the patio looks like it will be pretty great when it opens, but all in all I just don't understand how college students are going to pay that much for drinks when there are bars everywhere in Madison with sweet specials, unless Logans doesn't care whose walking in the front door at night so long as the place is full...
3	I went to Logan's for the AV Club's Jarringly Obscure Trivia Challenge. Very spacious, the bar takes up the middle of the room, with seating around the outside. My teammates and I ordered dinner - I got the chicken strips and fries, and my two more people on the team split a cheese pizza and spinach & artichoke dip. The fries were really good, and though the chicken was nothing spectacular, they give you five medium-large pieces. It was definitely enough for me to share with my friend who came late and missed ordering. The chicken comes with both ranch and buffalo sauce, so it was nice to not have to pick. The pizza was huge, but only meh. The spinach & artichoke dip was really tasty, but only comes with tortilla chips and no veggies. Bummer. Service was great when there were only a few people there, but as the crowd filled in things got progressively slower. The waitress was really nice, though, and was kind enough to split our check.  Other things of note were the huge bathroom, lots of TVs, $1 off any drink during happy hour, and surprisingly good music for being such a bro-y bar.I don't think I'd ever seek out going here, but I wouldn't mind swinging by for happy hour.
1	I wanted to write a two-star review, but I can't pass up the chance to give  Logan's Madtown it's first one-star rating!Like some unholy abomination raised from hell after the death of the Angelic, Logan's is a garish, misshapen, and has no great Tuesday-night beer special.  When I was last there, the bartender told me to tell my girlfriend to go fuck herself because she ordered a brandy old fashioned.  Apparently, she didn't like to muddle.If anyone has a time machine out there, let me know.  We'll go back to the Angelic for a Tuesday night romp without having to eat all the crow that Logan's serves nightly.  There are better places to drink and there are more enjoyable options to eat elsewhere, so find some place else and enjoy the walk past Logan's Madtown on your way to those fine establishments.  But in the meantime, if you need a place to break-up with your significant other, I recommend Logan's!
1	The service here is horrendous. I came in for the first time on a Friday evening to grab a drink with my friend on her birthday. The first person to greet us was some dude who appeared to be loitering in the middle of the empty bar. I couldn't tell if he worked there so  we started making our way to the patio until he hollered at us. Apparently we needed permission to seat ourselves...? It then took over 20 minutes before a server approached, even though we were one of four parties, and another 10 minutes passed before our drinks arrived.... again, we were 1 of 4!!! How long does it take to make a vodka soda?!The bar set up itself is pretty stellar. Very open. Plenty of room for people to come in, realize the place blows, and then leave... Maybe the food rocks. I don't know. But I won't be coming back to find out.I miss The Angelic
3	Rolled in at 7PM on a Friday thinking we may need to wait for  a table.  There were 10 people in the place and 8 staff ready to help you ...The inside is well done with plenty of TVs (I can tell they have charter because most TVs have lines that run up the screens non-stop ... get Dish or Direct).I had the all you can eat fish fry.  It started out with a side salad which was good.  The fish came out quickly and was nice and hot with light breading.  The potatoes were sliced up potatoes with onions that were grilled up (like you get with eggs and toast).  The coleslaw had a super light mustard sauce that you could barely taste.The Fish was good I ordered up 2 more pieces.  5 minutes later the waitress came out with a whole plate with 3 pieces of fish, potatoes and slaw (a full order).  I told the waitress I wanted 2 pieces of fish and she said this is how we do it.  Okay .... 2 more in my belly and the rest in a to go box!They need to switch the fish fry to a normal Wisconsin fish fry with fries, normal cream based slaw and a piece of rye bread.The rest of the menu was just one step up from bar food.Hopefully the students hit this place up at night or it isn't going to be around very long ....
1	Ugh.  The food is terrible.  Do not (underlined) order the burgers.  Do not order the pizza.  Do not come here if you want french fries.  If you have to order something, onion rings are your best bet.Do not order drinks.  Turn 180 degrees and walk back onto the street and make the extra effort to go to State Street.  Better burgers, better pizza, better fries, better drinks.  Less cloying atmosphere.Logan's Madtown should be re-named Logan's K-Fed.  Yeah, it's that bad.
2	Been here three times and man, this place is mostly bad. First experience here: party of eight, Friday night, every other place around (despite the negative temperatures) was packed. We sat, ordered drinks, ordered food. Place was empty. Drinks kept coming and after 45 minutes, we began to ask about our food. The waitress nervously informed us "it was coming". About 15-30 minutes later, we were informed that our ticket was lost and all food would be comped. Second trip was St. Patty's Day -- they were advertising beer specials and corned beef and cabbage. Went to the bar to order and the exasperated waitress said "Nothing here is managed well!! It's going to take well over an hour for your food" We got Thai that night.Third trip (what, we're gluttons for punishment!) we were overcharged from the advertised drink specials. Waitress was very nice, but not great at getting things spot on (come on, fried potatoes do not count as a salad!). Other than that, things were okay.Food is fine -- typical mass distributor American fare, but not bad at all. Mixed drinks were weak. Waitresses have always been pretty good/fast and apologetic for their working conditions. I will go back, because I love the patio and the fact that it rarely ever seems busy, which is good when you are not looking for the typical college crowd hangout and just want a big place to order some mediocre food and have a few drinks.
3	Logan's is not the best place for food, but the bar is quite large and the crowd is young. If you're looking for a drink and a place to dance, Logan's is a good place to go. The bartenders aren't anything special, but they're nice, and prompt. It's a college bar, so what you think it is, it is.
1	Brogan's Madtown.  Keeping it awful.
4	The bartender was probably one of the best bartenders I've ever had.  Such an awesome dude!  Atmosphere was good.  I love dive-y type bars.
