5	I went in and said "I'm looking for ascics cumulus, size 9.5."  He said "10 or 11"  "I need a size 9.5"  I said, a bit peeved and with what must have been an odd look on my face.  Turns out 10 and 11 referred to models of the shoe.  Heh heh.  Silly me.I expected him to try to steer me to a more expensive shoe.  You know the drill:  "You're running how many miles a week?  Then you really need a pair of [FILL IN THE BLANK WITH SOMETHING $50 MORE THAN THE SHOE YOU ASKED FOR]."  None of that here.  He pulled a cumulus 10 and an cumulus 11 off the shelf, explained that they're basically the exact same shoe, and told me the price differeance (11 way more than 10, since 10 is a discontinued model).Hmm... Helpful.  Yes... So what gives?Nothing.  He was helpful, the shoes fit, I bought them and my triathlon laces and then he answered my mother-in-law's questions...I tell ya, the next time I'm in Henderson NV, looking for a pair of running shoes, I'll definitely check this place out again.
3	Y'know, maybe it's because I'm clearly not a runner. Or maybe it's because I was just buying a pair of socks. Or maybe it's all in my head. But I feel like the service I got from Village Runner was just OK. Village Runner is the only Injinji retailer in the area, so I stopped by to pick up some socks for my Fivefingers. There were 1 or 2 other people in store, I waited patiently to ask a few questions and check out, but frankly, I feel like I had more concern about being cordial and friendly than the guy working there did. Their selection of Injinjis was kinda sparse too - 2 styles, only black, if I recall correctly. Will I stop by here again? Yes. (They're still the closest and Injinjis aren't any cheaper online) Was the experience horrible? No. But it wasn't anything to be impressed with, and I expected a little more from a non-chain specialty store.
5	One of the best places to buy running shoes in Vegas.  Bring in your old shoes and the staff can help you select the right shoes for the way that you run -- whether you under-pronate, over-pronate, etc.  The staff is really friendly.
4	Need a pair of fitness running shoes. Was told to get a pro to look at your gait and see what kind of shoe is needed. I drove all the way from the NE and was rewarded with a very knowledgable guy. Took one look at my current pair and had me walk. He came back in 3 mins with 4 pairs to try on. We chatted about the differences and I was pleased with the selection. Brooks, Asics, mizuno, addidas, and nike were the main brands. Got a 10% discount for mil. Was in and out in 20 min. Awesome.
5	Best place to go. Technical expertise, low pressure sales, the team here know their stuff.  Not a large selection, but they only carry the best.I have great experience selling running shoes and these guys are simply a class act.Spend 100.00 here it is worth it. And, buy the socks here too. It will make a difference.
5	Just left the store so very happy with my new running shoes!! I feel faster already! The salesman was super helpful as you would expect- this place has reputation for great service- he even offered the perfect shoe that was on sale! Yeah me!! (never get to save $ and get what I want) NOTE: they don't have 4,000 shoes to choose from but definitely have a good selection of quality shoes. And I love that they actually KNOW shoes and want to help you with the proper  fit. I'll be back...
4	Went in for another race packet pick up and struck up conversations with staff and fellow customers at once.While they have a very small selection of shoes, and unfortunately, did not have the pair I was looking for, they did have good prices on other footwear and apparel. I ended up biting the bullet and snagging a pair of compression calf sleeves to try and alleviate some issues I have when running more than 3 miles.The gentleman helping me gave a brief overview for sizing options, and explanation as to how the compression sleeves were sized. As he handed me a tape measure to measure my calf, he made a quick guesstimate as to what size I should need. He was within a quarter inch! Definitely a good eye for sizing.Have been there a few times before and will go back, especially since my favorite running shoe company is no longer in town.
5	The only downside about this place is that you are going to spend a little more than elsewhere.  I gladly pay the "boutique prices" though.  The amount of service I receive in return is well worth it.They are very knowledgeable and will get you into the right pair of shoes.  These people KNOW running and are runners themselves.  They are never pushy and are always patient when I ask a load of questions.  If they don't have the shoe/size you need, they've always offered to special order it.Most local running shops are just as knowledgeable, but not all of them are as friendly as Village Runner.
5	When the time came for an alternate pair of walking shoes, all roads led to Village Runner.  You may spend a little more, but when their knowledge, expertise, and genuine willingness to find a shoe that will work for you.......this is the place.  People that work there are fantastic!  You bring your old running shoes in to find a best possible match; if they don't have a sample on the floor, they will order it for you......I have purchased my three pairs of shoes from them and will never go anywhere else.  If for no other reason, I am supporting a great local privately owned store.  Thank you, Village Runner!
5	As a beginner runner, I'm a novice when it comes to the right shoe and running equipment. I went in there looking for a good pair of shoes to hinder the terrible shin splints I've been getting as I start training for a 5k. The guy helping me was so incredible knowledgeable and helpful and really gave me some insite on how I run. He also gave me some tips on alleviating the pain of shin splints and invited me to join their running club to help motivate me to train. Definitely a top notch experience and I will be returning for future equipment.
4	Looking to start running longer distances, went in to buy appropriate shoes. Sales staff was very friendly, showed me a couple options which he was very knowledgable about, then actually guided me to a pair that was on sale!  Not the largest selection in the city, but definitely plenty of options, fair prices, and sales staff is worth shopping there on its own...
4	Although the store is not that big the selection is decent.  It has all you basic running gear needs and a few speciality items.  The staff is very willing to order something for you if they do not have your size in a particular item and will call you when it comes it.
5	My husband needed new running shoes, and he had a pretty good idea of what he wanted based on conversations he had with members of the local triathlon club.  After stopping into another store in Henderson that specializes in running shoes that did not carry the specific type he wanted, he started to worry he wouldn't be able to find the shoes locally. Never one to shy away from a shopping-related challenge I whipped out my phone, checked the Yelp app for nearly shoe stores and gave Village Runner a call.The sales associate that answered the phone not only said that they carried the shoe we were looking for, but he also offered to check if they had the required size in stock to save us a drive. They did, in multiple colors even! When we arrived, he had the shoes out and ready for my husband to try on. Once he had them on, the sales associate powered up the treadmill so the shoes could be properly tried out. He ended up getting the shoes, and we were very happy that they were the same price as we had seen online. Since my husband has already registered for multiple triathlons and marathons this year, I have a feeling he will need more shoes and we will be headed back to the Village Runner to get them!
1	I guess my expectation of excellent customer service needs to be re-calibrated.  I walk into the store yesterday afternoon for the 1st time, hoping that I can be measured for proper running shoes.  OK, keep in mind, it is 116 degrees outside so the place was not busy.  There was a male customer who was trying on a pair of shoes, but John, the salesperson, was not helping him.  Instead, John received a phone call on his mobile from his landlord and proceeds to have an in-depth conversation.  The male customer waits a few minutes and then decides to leave.  Why? Probably because John was still on the phone!  Then, John has the audacity to put the caller on hold and ask the customer if he needed some assistance before he walks out the door!  That should have been my first clue to start following the customer out the door!  But I didn't, which is why I am writing this review.Eventually, the phone conversation ends, and John takes a look at my own shoes and my gait, never asking to measure my feet.  He proceeds to advise me that a newer model of my shoe just arrived so he brings them out.  Another customer arrives and he leaves me to my shoes, only asking me "how do they feel".  Really?  I intend to spend over $110 and that is all you do????Needless to say, I am so disappointed.  I left the store with my purchase feeling that I just got "the wool pulled over my head", the same feeling after dealing with a used car salesperson who is only after the sale.  My own occupation requires phenomenal customer service, and believe me, if I exhibited this type of behavior, I wouldn't be employed very long.
5	best place in Henderson to get all of your running supplies!
5	Started a fire academy in January and needed new running shoes that fit just right.  Village runner did a great job helping me find the right shoe! Great staff great store! They really care about getting you in the correct shoe! Thank You Village Runner!
5	Very helpful here! The sales associate was so friendly and welcoming. He took the time to carefully analyze my gait, listened to what I was asking for, and made some suggestions.  He brought out a few styles and encouraged me to spend time trying them out.  He patiently answered all my questions.  Will definitely come back in the future!
2	I'm sorry, I don't understand why so many people love this store. I've been running for about 13 years and put in about 20-25 miles a week. So when it came to my 6 month mark for switching out my shoes I came to check out this place. It's tiny, one man shop. They guy was helping someone else for like 20 mins and I looked at different shoes waiting for him to finish so I could try on some sizes. My problem is that they're missing some of the key brands, and have a VERY limited shoe selection. I only wear mizunos or asics, any one whose been running for a while will tell you they know what shoe works for them, and they stick with it. So I was surprised that didn't have much selection with the key brands. When I asked the sales associate about having a few of the different shoes, he said, "we don't have it, but I can order it for you?" While helpful, I have amazon for that, I want to be able to try on the shoes in the store before I buy it.
4	I highly recommend Village Runner. They have knowledgable staff and good selection of top brands. Bonus they have Wednesday night running with occasional raffle and discounts if you attend running group. When I started running VR hooked me up with some New Balance, after analyzing my stride. Those shoes allowed me to complete a three mile run without anymore shin or knee pain. Turns out I had wrong shoes, who knew just going to Nike Outlet and buying shoes wouldn't work? My runner friend said, go get the right shoes and turned me on to VR. While there I was invited to group run. Now I go often. Met some great people and that run helps keep me motivated and running. Enjoy the runners discount by going to group run as well, which is pretty nice. After I lost weight and the New Balance didn't feel right they recommended some Asics and I've worn those since. I love VR. Hope to see you Wednesday night, 6pm in winter, 6:30 in summer.
5	In addition to some knee issues, I suffer from flat feet. Jennifer made me very comfortable in the store. She was very knowledgeable and knew exactly what I was going thorough, she's a runner herself. I'm a plus-size lady and that didn't matter at all. We were able to find something for me in my size and I went home with the best shoes ever - and some additional tips that I didn't know I was doing to my own feet. Especially since I'm from out of town, Thanks!!!
5	Since my last review, I have started running with the Village Runner's Wednesday evening run group. We start and end in the store, the staff is always very helpful and friendly. They also understand that every visit people will either buy products from them, or will not buy, so they don't use high pressure tactics on their customers.I have had them order a number of pairs of shoes for me, I picked up my Garmin Forerunner 220 from them recently, and will be spending more money there, as I need more shoes.Friendly staff, good prices, and they have their own weekly running group, what is not to love about Village Runner?And for the reviewer stating he would rather use Amazon, than Village Runner for ordering shoes... VR does not charge you to order in the specific shoes you are interested in. If they arrive and don't fit or look the way you like, they just put them on the shelf, no obligation special orders are great!
5	I have always bought running shoes based on vanity and color and have recently started running a lot more and decided it was time to get expert help, and I found it.  He helped determine my stride, gait and actual shoe size (which was a whole size bigger than I have ever worn).  We narrowed it down to 2 shoes and I left with my favorite of the too.  He also said if after a few runs the shoes don't work for me I can bring them back and try another brand/style.  Was a little more pricey than I was expecting but my body deserves it.  Thanks for the great service and knowledge.  I will definitely be back.
5	I'm pretty new to running and was originally going to buy shoes based on an online suggestion from runner's world but decided to try here first and I'm very glad I did. His suggestion was a different type of shoe than what was suggested online. He gave me three different brands to try after watching my gait. I chose what was most comfortable based on his suggestions and after my first run in them I feel great!
