4	A Scottsdale favorite.  This is a great little sushi bar even though it is out in the boonies of northeast Scottsdale.  Small, breezy, casual but stylish, and fun.  They really did manage to blend a sushi and martini bar pretty seamlessly.  It can be a little bit of a scene and it is definitely an older well-heeled crowd due to its proximity to DC Ranch.  The food is great.  Very creative sushi rolls.  If you are a purist, you will HATE IT.  I am a fan of good food, so I LOVE IT. One example:Where's the Beef Tempura roll with seared beef tenderloin, asparagus, avocado and shrimp, lightly fried and drizzled with a sweet soy glaze. And the martinis are smashing.  TIP:  I went on a Sunday last summer and they gave us a big discount because I was wearing blue.  It was 50% off, I think.  I hope they do this every summer...
4	If you love sushi and martinis this is the place for you! DC Ranch is a great location. It is a bit pricey, but worth well worth it. The service is good and the food is always fresh and delicious!
4	Nestled between the pizza joint and the swanky seafood restaurant off Market St., Blue Wasabi rocks my world. Tiny, tiny, little place. More room on the patio than inside. The everchanging colored panels behind the bar may make your head spin, if like me, you indulge in their fabulous martinis. The rolls are inventive and dee lish. I like the surf and turf with filet mignon and lobster tempura...omg...I'm crying now just thinking of it. The calamari salad is also a must have. The crowd is oh-so North Scottsdale. Lots of white, blond people and a sea of silicon. And I'm talking about the guys! I was a regular here when I lived at DC Ranch, kinda far from my Central Phoenix digs. I think Sundays, if you wear blue, you get half off. If you don't wear blue, they charge you double. No, just kidding. It's worth the drive for the food and fab patio, views of McDowell Mountains. The crowd, however, kinda vacuous and pretentious. Yikes! Origato Yelpers!
5	We decided to check out Blue Wasabi for their Happy Hour and we arrived promptly at 4pm when it began...which is a good thing because the place was full shortly after!I'm slightly confused by their Happy Hour, as on their website it says one thing but in the restaurant its another.   I don't really care because either way you're getting cheap sushi.  To say that the sushi is nontraditional is an understatement!   If the Philadelphia rolls are listed under the ""Traditional Rolls" then you know the signature rolls will be insane.   And they were.  In addition to the Philly roll, we had the Me-So-Horny roll, a Dirty Sanchez and the Killer Bee.   The Killer Bee roll was phenomenal.   All the rolls we ordered were 50% off.  We also had a rock shrimp tempura appetizer that was really good and was the most expensive thing we ordered at $14!   My favorite part was the one dessert they have....tempura apples in caramel with cream and cinnamon.  Seriously they are SO good.   My husband wants to break out our deep fryer to try to make them ourselves.  They have a long martini menu too but I like to have champagne with sushi and non of the martinis had "bubbles".   Although it was very busy they didn't mind us lingering for a few drinks after our meal.
5	Love this place...great creative sushi dishes and wonderful martini list. Had my birthday there and we had a blast.
5	Yelpers didn't let me down!When my girlfriend suggested we head to this place for a little sushi, I immediately did a little research and was pleased to see what great ratings were earned.  I also did a little research online.Since it was Sunday, we wore blue and got 50% off our drinks.  Cute concept!Blue wasabi...heheh...genius.  It looked like play-doh....The plethora of unique martinis made me spin with confusion until I asked our nice waiter.  He recommended the Lemon Rasperry Ice.  A little sweet, a little sour, a lot of Mmmm!  It's mighty dangerous however, since you can't really taste the liquor....unfortunately, my genes make me turn a little crimson when I get a little alkihawl...so as a human alcohol beacon, I could tell it was definitely potent.  No watering down here!The sushi menu has traditional items on one side (boring) and inventive fusionistic items on the other (why not?)....so of course we turned to the dark side.Killer Bee made sense when I saw it plated.  And as an eel lover, I savored every sweet and succulent piece that tickled my tongue.  It's my new favorite.I can't even remember the other rolls we tried, I keep thinking of that Bee.  But I do know they didn't leave a bad taste in my mouth.Cool blue ambienceNeat bathroom sink fixtures (I notice those wierd things)Cushy blue seatsMondrian-esque blue background behind the bar$9 Martinis that went to $4.50 for wearing blueDefinitely a must do again!
2	I think Phoenix reviewers inflate the ranking of restaurants here to make it seem like there are a lot more real good restaurants (and there are, but Blue Wasabi isn't one of them) or they are simply very generous, or they have no idea what good cuisine is, or they give an extra star for creativity by having "blue" wasabi. I've learned to avoid listening to reviewers who give high ratings for average, at best, restaurants. What I like about Blue Wasabi - good service, decent drinks, different decor and look. What I don't like - For what you pay, this is average sushi. The sushi isn't cheap, so I had been expecting real fresh sushi. But, I was let down by the quality of the sushi and sashimi. The sashimi was actually better (but not saying much). But, the food here  was not as good as Sushi on Shea or Kyoto, both of which are considerably cheaper than Blue Wasabi. It's more of a scene place, somewhat trendy. But, I am not paying my money for the scene. I want good  food. And, frankly, Blue Wasabi falls short of that.
4	Good, fun sushi and martini place.  They have traditional sushi rolls as well as as their own "signature rolls."  Many of these feature ingredients like cream cheese, chicken, beef or mango.  It may sound odd but many of them are very good.  I recommend the big apple roll or the where's the beef roll.  The martinis are the best part.  They are quite simply the best I have had in Phoenix/Scottsdale.  Most of them are more on the sweet side (key lime pie, pineapple, mango, chocolate, etc.) and all the ones I have tried are great.  Wear blue on Sunday nights for 1/2 off drinks ($4.50 martinis...pretty good deal).Cool atmosphere as well.
3	Who knew there would be more sushi restaurants in Phoenix than there are Starbucks in Seattle!  Plates of pasta and carbo loading for races are totally passe.   The perfect balance of protein and starch was what we were all craving before the PF Chang Rock N Roll Half Marathon.  Blue Wasabi was solid - the decor was  a little outdated and the drinks kinda fruity and corny, but the service was very friendly and the sushi was very good.  They had several intersting rolls, and the unagi was delicious (a good measure of the quality of a sushi joint, in my opinion)  We left pleasantly full, but not stuffed, and perfectly satisfied.
1	Well folks...it is a sad, sad day up in North Scottsdale.Blue Wasabi in DC Ranch has served its last piece of sushi.  They were closed as of Saturday.  FYI: it is rumored that Kevin, the owner, did not want to renew his lease.  Also closing will be San Felipe across the street.
1	When I went there (Ive been multiple times) off the bat there is hardly anyroom. If you are in a wheel chair, you literaly wont be able to eat there. Which is fine for me but still uncomfortable.I  poured the soy sauce out, it was black and old. When soy goes bad it turns black, taste bitter and like pure salt. They had obviously never changed out the soy in their bottles. It goes bad in a day w/o refridgeration.  For me this is a sign of poor food handling. The fish had a very fishy flavor and a terrible texture. Actually I have got minor food poisoning there 2 times. Go to Roka Akor if you are looking for fresh creative food. AMAZING, I will never go anywhere else.They use no hydrogenated oils or preservatives. Freshest cleanest tasting food ever.!!!!
