5	The Loews Montreal is as good as it gets.  The service was impeccable, friendly, professional, and prompt.  The room was 100% soundproof.  It had plenty of open space, with two double beds.  The furniture was all beautiful, solid (not the cheesy junk you'd find in a Holiday Inn, for example).  The bathroom was a work of art -marble throughout, jetted tub, separate shower, flat-screen TV, and probably 5x the size of a typical Hyatt/Mariott bathroom.  It might as well have been an extra bedroom, that bathroom was so big!  This hotel was really luxurious, to the point that we've decided that since it's about the same price as Hyatt or Mariott, we'll always look for a Loews first.
4	I love this hotel. The rooms are huge, the bathrooms are huge, the service is great. We've stayed all over town and it's our favorite. Rooms are much bigger than the Fairmont Queen Elizabeth and the Ritz. The bathroom is huge-a-mongus. Deep whirlpool tub, separate shower, huge counterspace, flat screen tv... Comfy, fluffy beds you just want to wallow in all day.... The only downsides... $15 per day Wi-Fi, expensive daily valet $32. You can find good deals online and often they have hard to beat specials. We'll keep coming back!
5	The hotel is conveniently located in the Temptation District, which features a variety of "danse contact" establishments where you can pay to fondle a young lady's hooters before wandering off to your hotel room, ashamed.The staff was lovely. Doormen quite friendly and able to point you in the right direction should you wish to get your wife a gift or demean a runaway teen. The hotel bar had sexy, adorable bartenders, to whom drunk businessmen made regrettable comments. One bartender bought me a shrimp tempura appetizer - presumably because I quietly enjoyed my gin instead of offering to finger her.The room itself was excellent. Clean as a whistle. Well-stocked mini-bar, in case you accidentally bring a tranny home and need to entertain or build courage. There's a room safe. The bed was so comfortable, one could be tempted to relax all day in their magnificent splendor while being serviced by a sex-trafficking victim bought off Craigslist. Speaking of, internet access is $14.95/day (Canadian).The bathroom could easily hold all known Baldwins. It had a large shower and even larger tub. Plenty of towels should you find yourself phoning a violent Russian pimp to arrange a Vietnamese soap massage. I was tempted to steal the awesome bathrobe but knew it'd wind up on my Amex statement somehow.It took me two days before I realized that the DVD remote was not the TV remote. As a result, I didn't see much of what Canadian TV probably doesn't have to offer.Prime shopping is all around. There's an Apple Store a block away. The high-end Ogilvy department store is across the street. Should you wish to stare at the shaved genitalia of a woman whose dad failed her, Club Wanda's is right on the corner. Coffee shops and restaurants galore in the area. Good luck getting service in any of them - the French influence runs deep. When waiters sense you're trying to make eye contact they scatter as if you'd lobbed a grenade.
5	This hotel is quite lovely.  The elevator was really fast, the bed was quite comfortable, the bathroom was amazing (featuring both a shower and separate bathing tub).  There was also a tv in the bathroom for those longer trips in there.I do have an issue that they don't offer free wifi in the rooms and their shower doors allow water onto the floor quite easily.  But that's just being picky.  Def one of the best hotels I have been to.  The help there is very friendly, and definitely lives up to its name.
4	We stayed at the LHV for five days during December 2009 -- basically, over the Christmas holiday.  I've rated the hotel four stars not because it is the MOST luxurious hotel in the world -- it's not the Ritz Carlton or the Le Crystal -- but because for the level of hotel that it is, it is a truly exceptional find.  The rooms are all classy, modern, elegant, and have a definite luxury feel: comfortable beds, well-stocked mini-fridge, large bathtub (with a little TV in the bathroom!), large TV in the main room.  Service was also phenomenal -- eager and helpful, without being obnoxious at all.  The hotel staff happily handled all our odd requests, from helping us get a great dinner reservation on Christmas Eve, to parking and retrieving our car about 9,000 times for our various trips around the city, to helping track down some good local Chinese delivery and even providing some nice plates & silverware to eat it from!  They did it all with a smile.One slight drawback to the hotel was the location.  I say it is a *slight* drawback because the actual neighborhood is great -- full of shopping, convenience stores, and local eateries.  But it is not very near any of the main "tourist" things you'll probably want to see/do in Montreal.  For us, getting anywhere was either a good 15 minute walk or a drive/metro trip.  We were fine with that, but be warned that you probably won't be able to easily walk to everyplace in your "Best of Montreal" guidebook.The only other slight drawback was price.  While the hotel itself had a very reasonable rate that time of year, the individual services -- minibar, room service, Internet access -- were not free and were in fact fairly pricey.  That's fair enough and it wasn't out of line with the general quality of the hotel, but it was a little annoying to pay $15 for every 24 hours of Internet access.All these factors aside though, the LHV is a fabulous high-midrange hotel for anyone looking to spend some "luxury time" in a great city, but without *really* busting the bank on a swanky hotel.  It has everything you'd want in a hotel: clean & modern rooms, happy & helpful service, a (pretty) good location, and (relatively) good prices.
5	This is easily one of the best hotels I have ever stayed at.  The rooms are spaceous and quiet, the bathrooms featuring marble and jacuzzi tubs.  The room service breakfast is divine and perfect every time.  Like most places in Montreal, the staff is bilingual and friendly and helpful.  Vogue reminds me of an updated Sherry-Netherland for some reason.  The elevators require a room key, so no one gets past the lobby to invade the corridors.  It's centrally located to all the good restaurants around St. Catherine and Crescent.  The staff anticipates the needs of serious travelers.  The hotel has been organized around service rather than the glitz of a big bar scene, etc.  If you're not in old-Monteal for its historic ambiance than Vogue is perhaps the best hotel downtown, cheap for all it gives you and poised to help in attitude and location.
5	This is perhaps one of the best hotels I have stayed at, anywhere.  By big city standards, this is not a large hotel.  The rooms are spacious, the marble bathrooms are cavernous with all the in-room amenities you expect, at a reasonable rate.  The bathrooms have an enormous jacuzzi with a TV to enjoy while soaking in the tub.Although in the heart of Montreal, it's a bit of an oasis.  The decor is a bit ornate for my tastes, but the staff are fully bilingual and incredibly courteous.Perhaps one of the most unexpected "cherry on the sundae" was after a quick stay at the Hotel Vogue, we were driving back to Toronto.  When the valet retrieved our car, they provided us with little paper bags with bottled water and fruit for the drive home.  Now, that's customer service!!!
3	Bottom line:  a faded version of its former glory.  Like an elderly actress, the beauty of a past generation, this place has seen better times. It's kept up relatively well, but the old school marble and brass, the tiny lobby, the dreary fitness room, and the most unhip lobby bar this side of the border, make for a strange trip to times past (think 1985).  The place, however, treats kids very well, complete with a check in gift of toys and coloring books.  They easily arranged for an amazing babysitter without the least bit of hassle.  The rooms were comfy, although the aging AC didn't get it as cold as I like.  The bathroom was large, and the TV was a nice touch, but again it was somewhat aged.  The location is centralized, but there is one too many "peep shows" and "contact dance parlours" to make this truly a kid friendly area.  Next time, I'll try one the funkier, modern boutique hotels off the dirty, downtown area.  While a decent hotel, this is not really meant for the 25-45 "hipster" crowd (of which I fall squarely into).
4	I was originally booked into a regular room but because of problems with my door lock that couldn't be fixed, I was upgraded to a suite with a kitchen, dining + living room, bedroom and 2 bathrooms.Layout of the suite was huge, especially for a downtown hotel.  Room was traditionally decorated with some contemporary features like 3 flatscreen TVs, but I found the bathrooms a bit dated.  Bed was comfy.  Some slight street noise, which I've heard is worse if your room faces the front.Service at the hotel is very good, but seriously they should tell their front desk people NOT assume whom you're with with when checking in!  Slightly embarrassing when it's a colleague who's a lot older!I had weird flight times so had to make use of room service... food was a bit slow, but it was nice they called to let me know in advance.  Menu selection is decent but ridiculously priced as per usual room service - I managed to spend $65 on a bagel with lox and cream cheese, soup, dessert and water... sigh.Well... it was my only chance at getting the fabulous Montreal bagels since I had limited sightseeing time, so I suppose it was worth it this time!Great location near a lot of shops and restos.Biggest con is the $15 fee/24 hours for internet access.
4	1. If you are here on the weekends, save yourself the $32/parking fee and find free street parking.  No meters on the weekends. Awesome.2. If when you go they are still doing construction in the Louis Vuitton store across the street, sleep on the opposite side of the hotel.  The construction seemed to go ALL night. It was crazy.3.  If you have questions, go to the concierge.  We didn't really go with her eating suggestions (we found some awesome places to go to on our own and from Anthony Bourdain etc.) but she gave us helpful hints for the metro, walking, and general things to do.4. GREAT location if you love to be in the thick of it all.
3	Ambiance: ExcellentRoom: ExcellentService/Concierge: GoodParking: Expensive Location: ExcellentWell don't let rating put you off as it s a very nice hotel. My beef is for the price you pay you can get a lot more. The location is amazing (a stone's throw from Rue Crescent) which may or may not be your thing.They were extremely busy during  new years so plan ahead. I even saw them turn people away as they had no space. The room is luxurious and a good size. They even have a TV in the bathtub if you fancy that kind of thing. Parking is Valet and is pricey. The concierge was overwhelmed and couldn't give us too much time. The bell captain was amazing and really helpful and almost acted as concierge in pointing out the directions and places to visit. So now why 3 stars hmm I expect something better in this price range which means being treated exceptionally and the amenities need to be full fledged at this price range.
4	This is an extremely nice property.  Superior service and amenities of a large high end chain with a the high-touch customer service of a boutique.  They even manage to inject more than a little bit of genuine Montreal charm into the mix - which is no small feat considering they are a unit of pretty diverse giant NY headquartered industrial conglomerate.  Although it is an extremely comfortable hotel with a decent kitchen and excellent staff, there is something vaguely artificial - almost a Disney-like feel to the place.  When I stay there I just get the feeling that it might have been an elaborate set for film or television series...The aforementioned makes it not first on my list for personal stays - but I heartily recommend it to visitors - particularly those from the US and Japan who seem to greatly appreciate the property. If you're lucky enough to have been assigned to the place via Priceline or Hotwire (not often, but it does happen) you will be thrilled.
4	very cozy, in the heart of St. Catherine street.very comfy bed. wireless internet works very well.
4	Super comfortable beds!   Great location in downtown.  We enjoyed our stay and would return.
5	As Yelp would have it -- wooohooo! As good as it gets!  The rooms are amazingly plush with a bathroom that truly is for relaxation.  It's large, it has a jacuzzi tub that does what it is supposed to do, and you get a bonus TV in the bathroom.  There were constant debates over who got to use the bathroom most it was so good -- especially during the freezing cold winter.  But, it doesn't end there.  They were happy to provide a humidifier and the bed was extraordinarily comfortable.  Truly, no complaints.  I can't just believe how much of a bargain it was too -- I've stayed in much more expensive hotels that were not nearly as relaxing as this one.A true gem.
5	I stayed here in May 2012. The staff was friendly, helpful, and on-the-spot without being intrusive. The hotel itself is well-kept. As some have noted, it's not a new property, but I disagree it's showing its age. I thought it was charming. A word of caution: the hotel across the street (Hotel de la Montagne, I think?) is slated for major work, which it needed! You may want to ask for a room on the back to avoid construction noise. It hadn't started yet when I was there. I liked the key-access elevators for security. I also liked that the staff seemed to know the guests and took note of non-guests in the lobby bar. It's a short walk from the metro, 5 minutes max. I didn't have a car and can't comment on the parking/valet situation. The bellman always had a taxi for me within seconds when I wanted one. The night bellman, whose name I've unfortunately forgotten, was a de facto concierge. He chatted with us about our dinner venues and gave excellent advice on his favorite menu items. I used public transit (or footpower) during the day. The hotel is located within walking distance of the Musee des Beaux Arts as well as more shopping than you can possibly tackle in one trip. I would stay here again if I have the good fortune to be in Montreal again. I booked through AmEx fine hotels and resorts program and was upgraded to a parlor suite.  My friend and I loved both having our own huge bathroom with jacuzzi tub. The sitting area was a bonus, too. This included free wifi, as well. Normally I don't use the AmEx program because it's less expensive to book directly, but it was a good value for this property.
4	I have now stayed at this property on two occasions and it will continue to be my preferred hotel in Montreal.  It has a wonderful location and the rooms are large, clean and well decorated.  The bathrooms are luxurious and bathrobes are provided.  Service is spot on and friendly.   The food is good.  There is a low key bar area with great assistance, particularly Alfredo, who is sure to answer any questions you may have.  Only negatives are a lack of amenities...small gym, no pool, no sauna/steamroom..  Can easily be overlooked for the comfort, cleanliness and service this place has to offer.
4	Good hotel and I liked the locations in town.  Depending on why you are in Montreal you might like other locations or other hotels.  If you are a tourist you might prefer Old Town by the water, but if you are want/need to be in the center of the livily part of downtown than the Loews is a good choice.I liked our room and the hotel bar was bustling each night (at least by hotel bar standards).  The doorman and the front desk were nice and helpful and the rooms were good sized.  The bathrooms felt somewhat dated even though the hotel has been redone.  It was as if they decided not to re-do the showers during the remodel.I would recommend the hotel and would go back next time I am in town.
5	TIP: This hotel offers a $25 bonus in most of its reservations for only $5 more (usable in the bar and room service)... you just have to look for this offer!Spent a friend's birthday in Montreal - and we decided to get a nice hotel as a treat. In the grand scheme - it wasn't even that much of a splurge! (I've stayed in hotels that were no where near the quality of Vogue, yet I was only saving $50 over what we paid). The hotel room was immaculate (although there was a mysterious shoe scuff mark on the ceiling above one of the beds - which in the end was okay, because coming up with potential scenarios causing it's origin kept us quite entertained) ;) The main thing I'd like to comment on is the concierge service. AMAZING. We made the plans last minute, and therefore never made a reservation for dinner. Not a wise move for a Saturday night in this part of the city! That said, the folks at the concierge desk took down our preferences and then called many restaurants on our behalf. And not surprisingly, they found us a great place. We were very impressed with the service.If I come back to Montreal soon - I'll definitely stay here.
4	Smack in the center of Montreal's downtown district, this Loews is almost everything you could want in a hotel:The rooms are gorgeous, beautifully decorated open spaces. They provide free wi-fi (for me at least, I had to accept a charge they waived), a great bed, outlets in the lamp for all your office needs, a coffee-maker, and most importantly, a TV in the bathroom. Someday i want a TV in my own bathroom, because I'm tired of having dinner parties and somehow working it into the conversation that I watch TV as I poop. When you have a flatscreen in there it's just self-explanatory.Speaking of the bathroom, it's huge. There is a large tub completely separate from the shower, which unfortunately leaves a little bit to be desired. However, I do like that they don't skimp on the towels. There is a person-sized stack of every type of towel. I like that. It shows trust that I won't use 7 towels to dry my nether regions and force them to do excessive amounts of laundry. Just like you trust that I didn't do exactly that, and then carefully fold those towels back into the stack. Overall, the Hotel Vogue is an excellent place to stay, and decently affordable as well. I will gladly return next time I'm in Montreal, although I'm not sure that they'll have me back because this review has gone in some strange and unexpected directions.
5	Loved this hotel.  We recently spent 5 days in Montreal and the rooms were lovely and the staff was friendly and helpful.  Enjoyed the free wi-fi in the lobby and the nice coffee and hot chocolate machine.  There was also a coffee machine in the room.  The bathrooms were incredible - large with a separate shower and a jacuzzi tub.  That tub felt great after spending our days hiking and walking the city!
5	Certainly one of the nicest hotels I've stayed in recently.  Some highlights:- Well situated near the western end of the St. Catherine strip (near Crescent St), close to nightlife, shopping, and the corporate center of the city.- Well appointed rooms, with luxurious bedding, free wi-fi, plush towels, and a great desk for working.- Free espresso drinks (high-end machine-made) in the lobby.
5	My husband and I stayed here during the holiday season and absolutely loved it!  From arrival the staff was super friendly and accommodating.  Room was stunning, clean, well decorated, spacious, perfect amenities!  And in a great part of town for shopping and restaurants.  Literally a couple steps from so much.  We will definitely be visiting this place again!!
5	5 stars on everything.Everything includes: 1. Room2. Service3. Valet4. Wi-fi connection 5. Promptness to requests6. Location in the heart of Montreal Downtown 7. Knowledge of staff for directions8. Around the clock assistance. 9. Cleanliness of room 10. Size of the room (Gigantic)11. Bathroom - Full bath, separate shower, massive mirror, AND an LCD tv12. Bed comfort + cordless phone.i have absolutely nothing to critique and nothing to complain about.  I loved every minute of my stay here.
5	This was one of the nicest hotels that I have ever stayed in. The downstairs lobby is very pretty and the rooms are clean, large and nicely decorated. The beds and pillows are comfortable. The rooms have modern decor and include free wifi, which is a great perk considering the price of data in Montreal for people traveling from the United States.It is also in a great location, located within walking distance of good shopping and good restaurants in downtown Montreal. The bathroom was also large and extremely clean. There are TVs in the bathrooms which was a touch that my husband appreciated.The service in the hotel was also fantastic and they offer free coffee in the lobby. I would definitely recommend this as a great hotel to consider in Montreal!
4	All in all a very good hotel. The rooms were relatively clean for what you expect from a four star hotel. Everyone was extremely friendly and helpful except one receptionist at night who was extremely rude and abrupt. I did not care for her attitude otherwise everyone seemed to be more than eager to satisfy us and make sure our stay was a pleasurable one. Having free Wi-Fi in the lobby is a fantastic perk  especially when you're visiting from the states and trying to avoid roaming charges but still would like to feel connected with the world for a few moments. The location truly is one of the most alluring things about this hotel... it is so centrally  located .. everything  is mostly  within walking distance.
