5	Outside of the Good Humor man this was my first experience with a food truck. I was quite delighted. I had the Big Easy Balls, Andoulle sausage risotto and a few other things all balled together and deep fried, and topped with a dipping sauce (I will add a picture), what could go wrong? Nothing, I will be on the look out for this truck again. I also want to mention how nice the staff is. I say be on the lookout for this truck and give it a try. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
3	It seems as though food trucks don't have as much of a following here as they do back in California, but Sauced can still hold it's ground fairly well. I loved that you get a discount if you buy more items. So 1 items is normally $3.50, 2 for $6.50, and 3 for $9.00. So naturally, being a student on a budget, this appeals very much! Originally we got 3 items, thinking it would be enough for 2 of us. We ordered the Big Easy Balls, Turkey Slider, and Jerk Pork Tacos. First impression, they weren't as big as we thought so we knew we'd need to get more but we dug into it nonetheless. Also, any sauce can be put on the side and they're included with the food.Big Easy Balls: So excited for these, a little disappointed. The balls themselves had a nice crispy outside and it was soft and gooey on the inside. But it didn't have much flavor. I expected there to be a little kick from the Andouille sausage, but flavor was a little lacking. The sriracha sauce that you can get with it was much needed, and it was very good.Turkey Slider: Probably my favorite. The bacon confit was delicious and went really well with the turkey patty. It was like a dressed up, much smaller, turkey burger.Jerk Pork Tacos: We weren't big fans of this. The pork didn't have much flavor and nothing really stood out. Also, there was a pretty big hunk of fat in the taco.Next we had the Asian Chicken Nachos and Drunken Balls.Asian Chicken Nachos: It's supposed to have a Thai coconut sauce but I didn't taste any of that. I liked that it was served in a fried wonton shaped like a bowl, I thought it was clever presentation. Drunken Balls: I'm glad they had small bits of cilantro in it or else it really would have been just a fried ball of potato. Nice crispy skin, and when you got a bite of cilantro it was quite tasty. Again, the cheese sauce was needed. Overall the food was alright, but I'm not in a hurry to come back. The things you should try though are the Big Easy Balls and Turkey Slider, those were the better ones of the selection.
5	I tried out the Sauced truck at the Bass Elementary School Halloween Carnival today and it was awesome. Mike (the owner) and everyone working the truck were all really nice, and I was a huge fan of the Big Easy Balls (who isn't a fan of big fried balls?!). Also tried the Asian Chicken Tacos which were really nice and flavorful. Being from California, street food is my thing- these guys do not disappoint! Check 'em out!
5	This is my first experience with a food truck in Vegas. I have been to a lot in SF and Sauced stands up to those any day. The service was quick and polite. The prices and portions were reasonable. My wife and I liked the fried balls as it was a great mix of textures with delicious sauces.
4	First time I've seen the truck parked out side of work, coworker said turkey wrap was pretty good and I forgot my lunch so why not give it a try!? Turkey wrap was a hit, so much that it was sold out.  I opted for the tenderloin sandwich, MAN O MAN am I glad they were out of turkey! Portions were huge and it was a REAL tenderloin, served with 3 lg pickle slices on a toasted bin.  I slathered it with Carolina mustard and am very very pleased for my lunch today:) only thing missing was a couple a slivers of onion! Gave 4 stars because 8.5 is a lot for a sandwich and a can of soda! (pretty sure the sandwich was $6, so 1.5 for a CAN of soda)
3	Another food truck I hit at the Las Vegas Foodie Fest at Silverton. I came for the Big Easy Balls. I saw the combination online and it intrigued. At the truck I also decided to try their corn cheddar jalapeno fritters. Both sides came with the suggested sriracha mayo.The Big Easy. Two crispy fried balls containing cajun chicken, Andouille, risotto & garlic herb cream cheese. Awesome. Creamy, little spicy, meaty, all balled up in a deep fried goodness.Unfortunately, it only got 3 stars because the fritter wasn't that great. Although texture wise, it was nice and crispy outside and soft and fluffy inside. I could see pieces of corn and diced jalapenos, but couldn't discern much taste from them. The fried batter tasted just basically of flour. There were 3 fritters and I couldn't even tell if there was cheese in the first two. The third, I could see some cheese in it, but that, like all three, was overwhelmed by the taste of flour.
5	At the Las Vegas Foodie Festival I waited 3 hours for White Castle, an hour for White Rabbit and another hour for a sushi burrito... And they all didn't compare to The Big Easy Balls from Sauced! The best part was I only had to wait about 15 minutes! I was mad at myself for waiting so long for mediocre food when I could've been enjoying food from Sauced the whole time!
4	So, I have never heard of this truck until recently but I must say that I was pretty impressed. I went to a party where the food truck was catering so my food was free and I'm sure some of the menu items were a bit different. I got a vegetarian sandwich that blew me away. It was a fried pattie filled with different types of beans, corn, and other veggies and spices. And the bottom of the bun had some pico de gallo that really was great. It came with a side of seasoned skinny fries and and tried the sriracha sauce blend with them. There were other things on the menu like fusion tacos, sandwiches and small plates. My friend got the Seoul Taco and LOVED it. Hope I get to try this truck again soon.
5	I totally feel bad for not writing this review sooner. I first tried Sauce at a Yelp event in June I believe it was? and the ladies working the truck were super friendly and the food was really good. Now fast forward to Bite of Las Vegas. I volunteered at the event so I got a chance to walk around and stumbled upon the Sauced Truck.When I arrived at the truck there were a couple folks ahead of me but I was served quickly and with a huge smile. The ladies were once again super sweet and engaged me while I was waiting for my food. Not only did I get to try two of their signature tacos but she recommended the right sauces to try with my tacos and they were delicious.I am terrible with names of the people and tacos but I recommend this place and can't wait to go to another event and stumble upon their truck.Thank you for good service with a smile and yummy food!
5	We just had 'Sauced' come and cater my daughter's 1st birthday party.  I have to say that they were absolutely amazing.  We were looking for ways to feed the crowd that was different, filling, and affordable.  Mike and his team fulfilled all of those requirements and then some.  Mike was great at giving suggestions and accommodating all of our requests, he responded to promptly to my emails and phone calls and made the whole process incredibly easy.  They arrived early and set up at the end of the driveway and our guests made their way out and ordered from the menu we had set up ahead of time.  Everybody LOVED the food...the Big, easy balls/great balls of fire/and sliders were the most popular, but the tacos were great too (Seoul food and veggie), plus the fries to be able to sample all the sauces was great.  It was nice that the portions were big enough to get full-but small enough that you could try a variety of things and find what you liked the most.  Everybody had MORE than enough to eat and I didn't have to cook or clean a thing.  This is a class act of an operation and you can't go wrong whether you're just trying their food or having them cater an event for you!
5	I tried this food truck last month at first Friday.  I tried the tacos; chicken tsunami and the seoul food.  They were amazing.  They took my debit card for even such a small sale.  The two ladies working were very friendly.I know these guys work a lot of events and also I have seen them at the outlet mall.  If you get the chance, try their food.
3	Tonight I had the soul food taco and the one with the Thai peanut sauce(Forgot the name). Both had good flavors but I enjoyed the soul food one with the wasabi mayo. The women out front were very personable and it was great talking with them during a short wait for the food. I will be back to try some other menu items.
4	Interesting. Second place I've encountered in a week with a fancy purple and white ribbon from the Bite of Las Vegas. It was for creativity, and one of the Sauced ladies explained that it was for their Big Easy balls.Unlike during my last ribbon rendezvous, I actually didn't end up eating that item, but I helped one of my friends take care of his leftovers, which included the "Buffalo chicken in a ball" Great Balls o' Fire, and the surprisingly hugely portioned fried mac 'n cheese. The leftover ball o' fire was kinda too salty and sour for my taste, but the fried mac was really good, especially with whatever sauce it came with (friend said it contained bacon, which is always good).Another friend shared his loaded fries, which came with some bacon, plus this heavy cheese sauce that cooled and congealed kinda quickly in the cool weather. It was decent though. They were my favorite non-dessert truck of the day, and I think I'd visit them again and try some of the other menu items if I see them around town or at another food truck gathering. Thanks for being at Sunset Park'd!
5	I have been visited Sauced several times and found a consistent high quality tasty meal every time.  I would recommend to friends and family .
4	When we found out that a food truck was catering our Holiday Party at work. None of us were thrilled. They gave us a menu to look at a couple weeks in advance and I decided to just go with a regular cheeseburger. The Holiday Party was today and by the time Sauced had served the first batch of coworkers they were giving rave reviews. My coworker asked what kind of sandwich I was getting I said "a cheeseburger". You could have sworn I just slapped her in her face. " You could get a cheeseburger any day!", she yelled. Hearing her going around and boast and rave about the "Hawkeye" sandwich made me rethink my decision of just getting a cheeseburger and I'm glad I did! I decided on the Saucy Mama which was chopped chicken, ham, and Swiss cheese fried together in a batter which made it look like a patty. It was beyond good and was served with seasoned fries and a soda! I was so full I had to save a portion of my sandwich for later.This was a definite upgrade from past Holiday Parties and now I'm checking the Sauced Truck schedule to find out where they will be next!
4	I've had a sample at a Yelp event of one of their tacos and remember it as good so when I saw that food trucks now park in the Premium Outlet mall, I decided to get myself a snack. They do big plates or small plates and you can make that into a combo of sorts, 2 for $7  or 3 for $10. I decided to get 2 small plates so I can try a variety. I got Big Easy balls which were huge creole style rice balls. The rice was pretty good and the batter was pretty crispy. Chicken tsunami taco had good flavor with the thai peanut slaw, though maybe a little salty for me. My brother got a seoul taco and the big easy balls and thought his was good as well. I like that they have a variety of homemade sauces, I threw on the sriracha ranch on the big easy balls and wasabi cream on my taco which complimented both things well. I was curious about their chili mustard, though it didnt go with anything I ordered, since I love mustards. It remined me of McD's hot mustard, but a better version of that.It seems on their schedule they are regulars that park at Premium Outlets near the weekends so if you're here and don't want the food court, keep an eye out for trucks.
5	I found these guys last minute to cater my wedding reception in my hotel room. The owner Mike was FANTASTIC communicating back and forth with me before I arrived in Vegas. I ordered the Baked Ziti, Chicken Alfredo and a few sides buffet style and the food was excellent!!! All of my guests LOVED it. He came and set everything up in my room, fantastic from start to finish.
4	i had dinner ther with four friends. the service was great the food was good as well. hardly anyone was there
5	Yelp helped me find Mike and I am so happy I went off the beaten path for my in-suite wedding reception. Fantastic food. We had chicken skewers, shrimp shooters,  gruyere parm fritters, tater skins, and caprese salad. Everyone was raving and words can not describe how good the fritters were. Mike was also great to work with and so affordable. I seriously felt like I was stealing. Thanks Sauced!
