1	Ah man!  I was so embarrassed when a delivery was made by this establishment to my boyfriend's Mom.  So, I ordered a $65 arrangement (NOT including the $18 delivery charge) via Teleflora (A Rose Shack is one of their subcontractors), and it was an embarrassment what they sent.  Also, the order was supposed to come with a Lenox bowl which was why I chose the arrangement.  Did they send the arrangement with a Lenox bowl?  Nope!  Did they notify me that they were going to send an awful replacement? Nope!  So disappointing.  Got my money back through Teleflora, went to Whole Foods off the strip and bought a much more attractive arrangement for the fraction of the price ($45) and delivered it myself!  Perhaps there was a miscommunication between A Rose Shack and Teleflora, and they aren't completely to blame... I don't know... I don't recommend them - my personal experience was really bad.
5	Let me set up the scenario...leaving Friday, driving from San Diego and "eloping" to Vegas during the 4-day Presidents' Day weekend which is also Valentine's Day and Chinese New Year. Crazy busy and spontaneous so not a lot of planning going on for this wedding. BUT then I wanted a bouquet and a boutonniere...and it was THURSDAY!!! Called four other florists in the area and no one could help me out, until call #5 when Polly at Rose Shack Florist answered the phone and told me everything I wanted to hear. Yes, we can have a bouquet and boutonniere made for you by Saturday. Yes, we can deliver it to you at your hotel before 2pm. Yes, we have in-season, blooming irises for your special order bouquet and yes, we can also make the boutonniere with the irises. Patient, friendly, helpful...thank you for making this day a very special one for us. The bouquet and boutonniere are both beautiful, the price was reasonable, and everything was wicked fast. Thank you again!!
4	I showed up from out of town, requested a general color palette, and let them figure out the rest. In a matter of minutes, it was done. My ailing relative (who used to garden) really liked it.The man and woman working with me here were convivial and down to earth. I hope their family-owned business does well!
5	called directly from out of state for a phone order .  Ordered a "cheer me up" arrengement for delivery to a friend. left the selection up to whomever took the call.   I personally didn't  see the arrangement but the recipient stated "most beautiful arrangement I have ever seen". think it really did cheer her up!
5	Fast, accurate, and affordable service. I'm not sure, but I also think that they are a locally owned business. I found an arrangement of flowers online and then spoke with a salesperson because I wanted to make some changes. She was professional, warm, and very helpful. Another plus was that the flowers stayed fresh looking for several days after delivery. I will use this company again.
5	I have to say, they are really great. I ordered a bouquet online for my mom's birthday, and it arrived pretty different from the arrangement on the site. I called, sent them the photo my mom sent me (she, of course, thought it was perfect: but I knew what I had paid for) of the bouquet, and they made sure a new, more accurate bouquet was delivered within a few hours, gratis. I was all prepared to leave a scathing review, but they made it right, and were really nice about it. So, from now on, they'll be my go-to spot for all my flowers-for-the-Moms needs. Thanks for everything, guys!
5	I received the most gorgeous bouquet of flowers for Valentine's Day from my hubby that he ordered from A Rose Shack.  My hubby knows I am not a cliched "red roses on Valentine's Day" type of girl...  Roses are way down on my fave flowers list...My hubby explained this  to whomever took his order.  He explained the flowers I do like and said the florist promised to create something spectacular.  (He also placed my order a few weeks before Valentine's Day-which may have helped)The flowers were delivered to my office.  My co-workers report that the delivery person was very adament that "I" get these flowers and was not going to just  "hand them over"... I was told he even checked my diploma to assure it was my office : )I smelled the flowers as soon as I opened the door!  5 days later and they have held up well and are still fragrant! The vase was also really nice.  It was a heavy  round glass vase that might be considered shallow compared to the typical taller vases one norally gets! It was modern looking and looks like the vases you would get at Pottery Barn or similiar.
1	I ordered a Peach Half Couch arrangement to be delivered on February 13th for my mother's casket.  It cost over $200 delivered.  She always wanted to be buried in her mother's beautiful peach lace nightgown so I wanted an arrangement to match it.  I was stunned to find a bright yellow, blue, and hot pink arrangement.  It looked like a birthday bouquet.  I was sooooo disappointed and I cannot recommend this florist.
5	I ordered flowers for my wife yesterday, they were deliverd this morning.  Went far and beyond my expectations.  My wife loved them so im a Happy husband.  Thanks
1	Got a few arrangement from them but they are not very consistent. I've have bought $50-$100 arrangement and every year no matter the price or flowers they have been becoming smaller and smaller and not as well put together. I will not be repurchasing from them again.
5	Rose Shack was kind enough to provide a beautiful floral arrangement that we ordered for a dear friends memorial service. The flowers were fresh and the over all arrangement was done with taste and quality. We will use them again and we will definitely refer them to others.Thank you, D. Kohl
1	Had flowers delivered to my girlfriend for Valentine's day. She works at a casino and I requested that they be delivered direct and they were delivered to the bell desk instead. She was forced to leave her busy work to get the flowers herself! The flowers delivered were NOTHING like what is shown on the website. I could have spent half as much from a different florist for the same quality. The flowers started to wilt after 1 day. Very disappointed and will not use again.
5	My husband enjoys sending me flowers almost as much as I enjoy receiving them.  When he says he wants "Over the Top" the Rose Shack knows exactly what he means.  The Rose Shack supplied the flowers for our wedding 3 years ago and we have been using them ever since.  This past weekend they supplied the flowers for my mothers memorial and today, 4 days later, they are still beautiful.  The service at the Rose Shack is both professional and personal.  I would highly recommend the Rose Shack to anyone looking for a top notch florist!
1	I don't know why it's such a hit or miss thing with flowers. I ordered a dozen roses from the rose shack for my wife for valentines day. They told me they get fresh roses on Monday. So I figure I'll have them delivered Tuesday, that way they'll be fresh and she can enjoy them all week. However this was not meant to be. 130 dollars later and Thursday she's already throwing some out. I've ordered before and got nice flowers. I don't know why it's so inconsistent, but I'm done. I'll find something else to do on valentines day.
5	My husband ordered flowers for me to be delivered on Valentine's Day but they never came while I was at work. The driver called my cell phone long after I had gone for the day and I told him to take them back to the shop. Long story short- I emailed the owner explaining that my husband had been sending flowers to me from Rose Shack since we began dating in 2006 and what happened on Valentine's Day. Juliet the owner responded and took care of me. Very pleased with the level of customer service. My arrangement is beautiful. Thank you to Juliet and the Rose Shack.
5	This is the 2nd or 3rd time my husband has ordered flowers from here for me. This time was for mother's day and they are gorgeous!! He ordered an all white bouquet that included the most fragrant lilies! After seeing the bouquet in the dining room overnight the entire downstairs smells of these fabulous flowers.We've never been disappointed when ordering from here!
5	Could NOT be happier!!! Sent an arrangement to someone special, and the attention to detail, speed of delivery and freshness of the flowers CANNOT be beat!!!! Will never use anyone else again! (personal fav was the emailed pic of the flowers before they left the shop!!!)
