5	Serenity Skin Spa opened a few weeks ago by Jeanette Rebeske inside the Valencia Salon Studios on Shea Boulevard between Scottsdale Road and 74th Street. Jeanette previously was at Par Exsalonce which is how I met her...she was the esthetian I saw at Par and when she told me she was leaving to open her own small studio, I followed her. I mean, let's face it ladies, it's hard to find a good waxer!Jeanette's one room studio is peaceful, relaxing, and incredibly well put together. She is such a warm person who makes you feel at ease as soon as you meet her and we end up chatting the whole time I am getting waxed. I can't say enough good things about how good she is at her job and I wouldn't trust my eyebrows or other delicate areas to anyone else around here.Jeanette also does facials, peels and brow/lash tinting in addition to waxing. Prices depend on the service (for waxing, area of the body), but looking at the brochure I picked up last week, they are incredibly reasonable ($15 for brow waxing; $70 for a 50 min facial; etc). If you are looking for a good esthetian, I highly recommend Jeanette.
5	Jeanette Robeske makes everyone feel relaxed and extremely comfortable while she works on you.  And she has a gentle touch.  I have had other aestheticians work on my face and didn't feel totally comfortable, but Jeanette has such a sweet, pleasant personality so I felt immediately relaxed.  The last thing I'm going to point out is she is very knowledgeable about her products.  I definitely recommend Serenity Skin Spa!
5	I followed Jeanette over from Par Exsalonce. I enjoyed the "spa feel" but was happy to go to Serenity. Jeanette is professional, efficient, and easy to schedule with. I am always very satisfied after a service. I really like supporting an independent business woman and feel good about the the value of service provided. It's also very relaxing!!!
5	I had such a wonderful experience with Jeanette. She was so sweet and took the time to really get to know me and my skin. Usually after getting a face wax my face is red for the next few days but with her the redness went away almost instantly. Again I cannot stress how amazing the service was and how much I really enjoyed my wax, well as much as anyone can enjoy getting hair pulled out.
5	I agree with Ashley! I went to see Jeanette using my Groupon today. She definitely took the time to discuss products etc.. I haven't had too many facials before but I can tell you my skin has never felt smoother or cleaner! And no redness after the eyebrown wax either!
5	Wow I found the fab esthetician I was looking for. I try many people and it just didn't click. She knows what she is doing, I have acne ,she cleaned my face like nobody else in AZ did. Thank you so much Jeanette and can't wait for my next visit.Amal
5	Doesn't look like my opinion is any different from other people who have been here. The location is tucked away, but easy enough to find (thank you GPS). When I walked in, my first thought was "tranquil". The waiting area smelled nice, was comfortable, and decorated like a spa should be. The facial was phenomenal! Products felt and smelled great! Jeanette is amazing--very relaxed, friendly, makes you feel welcome, and is VERY good at her job. Really didn't want to leave... Thanks to Groupon, what a great find! Will definitely be going back!!
5	I found Serenty Skin Spa through Groupon as well, and Jeanette was fabulous.  She gave me the best facial I've ever had, and tweezed my brows to perfection.  I actually had someone tell me my brows were "beautiful" -- who compliments eyebrows?  Very fabulous -- I cannot say enough good things.  I will be back.  (The only thing I disagree with from Peaches and Cream is that my GPS got me hopelessly lost, probably because I didn't know this was inside another business - good thing to know FYI).Update:  Since I wrote the last review my husband has also been to see Jeanette, and he really had a great experience as well.  So, officially two (or four I guess) thumbs up.
5	Five star service!  Jeanette is absolutely wonderful.  I had to drive around Ironwood Square to find the Skin Spa--look for the Center for Alternative Medicine--but once found I committed it to memory. I was immediately welcomed by Jeanette herself. The entire place is very clean and serene; exactly what I'm looking for when it comes to waxing. Jeanette did her absolute best to calm and relax me before, during and after my brazilian.  Not gonna lie, I was kind of freaking out...but the soothing music and relaxing decor worked wonders.  I could have taken a nap on the waxing table, it was so comfy!  Compared to other experiences getting waxed below the belt, this one was by far the least painful. I'm not saying it was a walk in the park, but it wasn't as bad as I hyped it up to be.  Jeanette is meticulous and confident in her work. Not to be too graphic, but she removed everything (there's nothing worse than enduring the pain only to get home and see stray hairs...grrrr).  I've found my go-to esthetician!  Thank you Jeanette!  Next up...some work on my brows....
5	Jeanette has created a very calming environment at SSS. I went in today for a brow wax and was pleasantly surprised by her attention to detail. I knew exactly how I wanted my eyebrows to look and it's like she read my mind. They are sculpted and perfect. Oh, i'll be back again, and again, and again. I'm thinking about getting a facial the next time.
5	My sister has been a regular of Jeanette's for a couple of months and wanted me to try her. Jeanette is lovely! She rents space out of an office building, but has managed to make her room an oasis. I went in for a brow wax and was very pleased. She uses chocolate & hazelnut wax which made me hungry and relaxed all at the same time. I've been getting my brows waxed for years and never had the chocolate/hazelnut experience.
5	Another fantastic service from Jeanette. Yesterday I went in for a facial and did not want to get up off the table. She gives you a very soft wrap around towel to put on before climing in between the sheets for your facial. She also gives you the option of extracting your pores or a shoulder/arm massage. She's the expert so I let her decide.I am a massage therapist and work at an establishment where I get discounts on facials. That being said, I still decided to trek all the way from the Moon Valley area over to Scottsdale for a facial. It was money and time well spent.Excellent job Jeannette. Thank you!
5	Jeanette is the best!  Oh my I was so nervous the first time going to her for waxing.  But she made me feel so comfortable and relaxed.  She chats with me to keep me distracted from the work she is doing.  I have VERY sensitive skin, but the products she uses are amazing and have never been irritating.  Her technique is great and reduces the pain of the procedures.I have only been to her for waxing, but I can't wait to try a facial or other painless procedure.Her prices are very reasonable as well, which is always a plus.  (with a generous tip I pay about $80 for brows, lip, and bikini)I recommend Jeanette to anyone who will listen.
5	Jeanette's proefssionalism, kindness and expertise will  leave your skin beautiful!
5	Jeanette is absolutely amazing! Every service I have had by her has been exceptional (Brazilian wax, facial waxing, facials). She has such a sweet and welcoming nature that makes you feel at complete ease!! My skin is very sensitive and I often have a hard time finding products that don't irritate or dry out my skin, but the products she uses have never been irritating and have completely balanced out my skin. I loved them so much that I now use them at home!! Since I started seeing Jeanette my skin has never looked and felt better. She is very talented at what she does and values providing her clients with the best service and products!Jeanette is the BEST; I would without a doubt recommend her to anyone!!
5	I love Jeanette! She takes time to make you feel as comfortable as possible. Her Brazilian wax is the best! I have been to many places for waxes and Jeanette makes sure she does them right! I always know that when I go to Jeanette it's going to be a great spa day! Oh and her facials are amazing!!! She makes me feel and look 10x better after I walk out the door. Her products are top notch, no cheap stuff.
