5	I dig Michael's.  I go here for my scrapbooking supplies, and other crafty stuff that I may need.  They carry loads of stuff-floral, art supplies, candles and do framing as well.  The store is well organized, well lit, and they are open late!  Plus, they also send out weekly coupons for 20-50 percent off, so make sure you use it!This place is right off the loop 101, and kind of hidden.  Its right near a pier one, so make sure you keep an eye peeled for it...easy to miss, especially if its your first time there!
4	I've probably been to this Michael's more than any other in AZ since it was the one closest to where I was living the nine months I was here in 2007.  I usually get here two to three times every time I come to town to visit.  They have a nice clean store, well organized and stocked.  Some of the clerks are nice, friendly and helpful.  Some probably couldn't care if their customers are dead or alive.  I love to come in here with my coupons and get some item I've been wanting for 40 or 50 percent off.  Unfortunately they now only take one coupon per day, where before you could use two or three as long as they were different (i.e. one frome the newspaper, one in the Tuesday flyers, one printed off the internet, one from Joann's, etc.)  I did have a slightly bad experience on my most recent visit.  I came in the front door and didn't see any of the small baskets. I had to go looking for them, which was a nuisance.  I heard one of the clerks complaining a few minutes later about the baskets not being conveniently located and chimed in from my aisle. "I'm a customer and I agree!"  I encountererd one of those clerks (not the one who made the comment) who seemed to not appreciate customer input.  Hmmmm.  Then she admitted it was the manager who said they had to be stationed where they are, instead of just inside the front door where we could pick one up easily.  But she stilll didn't seem very receptive.  When I owned my own business I was nice to even the jerkiest customers because when you are in sales, that's just what you do.
2	I swing by because I decorate cakes. The cake decorating section is piss poor.
4	I've been a Michael's customer for many years, and have always prefer Michael's over Joanns.  I like Michaels because they have a great selection, offer many crafts for children, have their $1 items, great sales, and I can always find what I need there.However, I only give Michael's 4 stars because their customer service is disappointing.  In all of my visits, and I shop there at least 1-2 times per month, I have never been greeted, smiled at, asked if I needed help, asked if I found everything okay, or thanked.  On the rare occassion that I need assistance, the employees act bothered by my asking for their help.  They always seem to be very unhappy and robotic.  Joanns is no better, so I have to wonder if crafty people who work at craft stores are just cranky, boring people.  5 stars for Michaels if they work and improve their customer service!
3	I'm not a very crafty person. I think I've only been to Michael's a few times. I went again last night and thanks to my new obsession pinterest.com and the DIY stuff, I could totally drop hundreds of $$ at that place! There are lots of cute things there. They have printed glue guns for 5 bucks! How cool. I'll have to pick one of those up on my next visit with the 40% off coupon I got with my receipt. :) My only complaint about this particular visit (1/11/12) was that it looked like there was only one line open because only one light was on, but there were two women behind the counter. There was one lady being checked out in the line with the light off, and two ladies waiting in the line with the light on, so I jumped in that line assuming the other lady was being helped with a special situation or something. Well the line got longer and kind of wrapped in a half circle towards the door and the grouchass woman behind the counter scolded everyone like we were children. Well lady, if you nimwits had both lights on, there wouldn't be any confusion on the line situation. Obviously she was having a case of the Wednesdays.
1	I love Michaels as a brand.  I enjoy crafting, new hobbies, and everything Michaels is about... I could spend my life savings in there without much of a thought.  I worked at a Michaels for two years (mind you, my feelings of shopping at Michaels are independent from my feelings of working for them) so I'm intimately familiar with corporate standards and what the employees are up against.  This store FAILS.  Customer service: I've rarely so much as been greeted by an employee here.  When I seek someone out, they act like it's an inconvenience for them to stop what they're doing and answer my question.. or God-forbid, walk with me to another section.  If a second cashier is called up for the always-way-too-long checkout lines, they too act like it's such an inconvenience.  I saw a woman with "assistant manager" on her name tag walk right by me, standing in the back of a 10-person, impatient line, without stopping to help, calling for other help, saying a word to anybody, or even making eye-contact.  Ignoring us doesn't make us go away.  Store cleanliness: There are consistently shipping boxes from incoming merchandise, overstock boxes, and extra product stacked in the aisles.  The same boxes stacked on top of the aisles is more out of the way, but still tacky.  Every retail store has to deal with customers putting things down in the wrong spot, even the wrong department, and routinely go through putting things back... that doesn't happen here, at least not often.  Framing department: I had a poster that I am VERY fond of framed here.  Again, working at Michaels I was trained in the framing department, so I know their standards.  To start, the frame samples are kept behind a counter, so I expected the associate to help me identify which ones I wanted to see.  She would bring out only the ones I specified, one at a time, as I asked for them... no advice, suggested alternatives if one didn't work, or opinions in any way.  No price guidance, no aesthetic guidance, no questions about what I was looking for, not even a trace of up-selling, and frankly no help.  I made my decisions somehow, and left it for the 10 days it would take.  When I came to pick it up, there was some of the poster "fine print" (copyright info I think) half visible, half cut off by the frame.  When I asked about it, they said they had been trying to center the print, and that's how it had to be.  No, no...first of all, it still wasn't centered, so that's no excuse.  Secondly, that's a big problem, not collateral damage they should have been ok with.  Shouldn't they strive for perfection when I'm paying a lot of money for professional framing?  They agreed to re-frame it (another week) and it was positioned correctly the next time.  The last problem was evident after I got it home.  The poster, which was purchased rolled up, had small creases in it over the entire surface from having been rolled so long.  In my frame shop, it wasn't even questioned if a poster would be dry-mounted, it just was.  That would have smoothed out the poster since it is essentially adhering the poster to a piece of foam-board.  If they didn't want to include that automatically, fine, but they should have offered.  These framing "experts" should have known what would happen without it and suggested a solution.  I'd have paid extra to have it done, I obviously was willing to pay to have the whole project done well.  These framers didn't take my project seriously; I mean it was a small job (relatively cheap compared to other custom frames), and a reproduced poster as opposed to original art.  Why should they exert effort into that?The ONE exception to this review is ONE employee I saw a couple times, who went out of her way to help me.  She came to ME to ask if she could help, she was friendly, and she offered her help as a cashier when they got backed up from having only one register open.  She was on the replenishment crew, so customer interaction isn't even her usual job.  Unfortunately, everything else about this store has convinced me to stop shopping there and drive the extra ten minutes to Tempe Marketplace.  This store needs a serious corporate overhaul.
2	I usually like shopping at Michaels but I just don't like this store.  I don't like walking through the cramped doorway for starters. The customer service level also needs some upgrading.  Luckily I could find the supplies I needed without needing any help.  I've been in this store several times and the staff have never been all that helpful or friendly. This store is only down the street from Hobby Lobby where you can find some of the same items and then Jo-ann's really isn't that far away either, so you would think they'd be more responsive to their customers.  This store could use a makeover and it needs to provide its employees with some customer service training.
3	Coupon policy changes every time I go in.  Sometimes they accept the ones from my smart phone, othertimes not.  They store is always messy.  Boxes everywhere, shelves messy.  Always low staffed, and most staff doesn't know where things are in the store if I'm looking for something specific.
1	If I could rate them any lower I would. Disgusting, filthy, cramped store. Add in a ladder blocking every other aisle and you have found yourself in the hell hole that is Michael's. The employees were not helpful and just walked in the opposite direction when asked a question. This place should just give up and close it's doors.
1	I really was disappointed by the customer service at this store. It seems like the employees really couldn't care less about customers and the company doesn't enforce any sort of respect. It's also messy and cramped! I also tried calling in to ask about an item. I got hung up on twice and every person who answered the phone was rude. Do yourself a favor and make the drive to the Gilbert store.
4	I haven't been to this Michaels in a few years after having a less than stellar experience. I stopped back in a few days ago because I didn't feel like navigating Hobby Lobby and only needed a few things.  I was pleasantly surprised to see the store had a fun new seasonal section and that the other sections had new overhanging signs. The store was cleaner than I remember, and the customer service was much better. A girl named Candace cashed us out, and she was very pleasant. She even humored my sister's boyfriend when he was quizzing her about primary colors. It's been a while since I've been in, but it seems like Michaels is making a come back!
4	Awesome service at this location, I came in the evening on a Thursday if that makes a difference in the service some have reported. They sold me their Halloween town displays at a discount and threw in a free light kit! I could honestly spend hours in here looking at supplies for art projects, it's usually not very busy at all. Sign up for the email coupons or look them up online. They should take them right off of your smartphone.
1	I like the chain, but the staff at this location are horrible. Very busy, which I get, but when I asked for help to unlock spray paint, I get barked at how busy they are and I'll have to wait. Felt like I was chastised for asking for help. I'll try another location.
