3	Dear Mr. Copperfield:I saw you perform ten years ago in Tokyo and you were brilliant.  Sadly, your just completed show at the MGM in Las Vegas bordered on serious suckage. Where's the magic? In 90 minutes (and $100 a person plus $12-17 a drink) we saw three great illusions and maybe five other tricks. That's a pace that would put Garrison Keillor to sleep. You bragged from the stage that Houdini's total repertoire was good for only two hours but you had developed 26 hours of material. My guess: Houdini's two hours weren't 60% filler. Get the hint. And speaking of missing, what's up with you utter lack of stage presence? I understand you are trying to go casual, but its not working. Dumb jokes, constant leering at female volunteers from the audience and unceasing (4 videos plus lectures from the stage) reminders of your past achievements gets real old real quick. If you think I'm the only one annoyed read these 14 reviews http://www.rateitall.com/i-29337-david-copperfield.aspx  plus the others here on Yelp.The performance I saw ten years ago had none of these problems. Maybe because it was a bigger venue (several thousand seats, not the 744 seats at the MGM) you tried to be grander, maybe because you feared a language barrier with the audience you didn't allow pointless drivel to be the focus of the performance. But mostly I think its because you wanted to put on a good show. And you got a great response without having your staff members go around the front row before the show demanding thunderous applause during the performance or coning the crowd into doing The wave for you.My advice: Less bragging and more magic. If you are tired from your 300 some shows a year, take some well earned time off and come back strong. You've been great, be great again. And if you won't, Chriss Angel (Mind Freak) or any of a handful of young magicians is going to earn massive applause by making you disappear. Your Fan,Bill S.
2	When I was younger, I loved those David Copperfield TV specials...the especially the one where he made the train disappear and all the interactive parts where he "tricks" you thru television. But now, after I watched the David Copperfield show at the MGM Grand this past Sunday night, I'm no longer wowed by the magician. Instead, I'm bored. The show was cheesy....no more mysterious persona....I guess he's getting too old and is now turning to jokes....bad jokes.  I paid to see a magic show, not a comedy show, but I only got to see 2 or 3 really good illusions. The rest of the tricks were definitely not from the David Copperfield level of magic from the 90's....they were more like fillers to fill up the rest of the show. It also didn't help that the Hollywood Theatre that the show took place at was small and old. My bf and I had to share a table with another couple, and we didn't mind, but it was obvious that all 4 of us could not sit comfortably with such little room to move. My chair legs got tangled with the chair in back of me and it was very hard for us to untangle it since there was hardly any room for us to pull the chairs apart. As we were about to enter the theatre, the usher scanned our tickets and my bf took a drink of water from a water bottle, after he put the top back on the usher literally took the bottle out of his hands. I understand we can't bring drinks in, but jeez lady, couldn't you have let him hand the bottle to you or throw it in the trash bin by himself?! You really did not have to grab it out of his hand!
4	When I was a young child, David Copperfield was my hero. He single-handedly made me want to become an illusionist at one point.Fifteen years after I last saw one of Mr. Copperfield's televison specials, I finally went to go see him perform live at the MGM Grand! At the door, tix were about $100 bucks, but we were able to buy them for 75 at Tix4Tonite(the giant coke bottle next to M&M World).The show itself was ok. i was very disappointed to see how cocky and arrogant he had become. And I dont remember him ever trying to be a comedian. He performed about 8 tricks, at most, with only 3 of them being "over-the-top".I was lucky enough to go up on stage with David and be a part of his Lottery trick, which was an amazing experience. If I were still the hardcore fan I once was, i would have pissed my pants lol. But it is obvious that David Copperfield is passed his prime. Had I seen any other magician, and had I not gone on stage, and had I paid full price, I would have given the overall experience and value 2 stars.
1	I have one thing to say about David Copperfield... what a f!@#ing douche bag!!  Okay so the only reason I went to see him was because I got discount tickets and I was w/ two girls who don't gamble, watch sports, or go to strip clubs (and we had already seen pretty much every other show on the strip).  When the show started, it was like 10 minutes of stupid ass headlines glamourizing how 'great' his magic is.  I kept thinking, uhhh dumb ass, we already know who you are and that's why we came to the show you idiot!  I've never seen as much self promotion EVER in a performer.  I'd say at most one or two tricks were even mildly amusing.  Honestly, it's not worth paying that much money to watch a magician unless you're 5 years old and don't know any better.  Copperfield's attempts at comedy were pretty pitiful as well.  For some reason throughout the show he felt compelled to show clips of himself from the 80's and early 90's sporting a huge mullett, almost realizing his glory days were way behind.  In a further attempt to bolster his ego, he picked the hottest girls out of the crowd to be part of his stage cronies.  Little did he realize he's old, balding, and washed up and prolly couldn't get a young hottie in a million years.  Prices approach $100, so save yourself the money and watch Cirque de Soleil instead.  Hell, i'd almost rather watch fellow douche Criss 'mindfreak' Angel.
1	When I was younger, I had a huge crush on David Copperfield.  I don't know why, I just did - maybe something about those eyes...  I watched every TV special he did.  It was must see TV back then.Cut to years later, I'm so excited to finally see him in person!  David Copperfield Live!  Wow!  I walked through those double doors, and my heart dropped at the tiny size of that theater.  Uh oh... not good.Then David came on.  Same black slacks, white t-shirt, and open denim shirt that he wore on his last TV special.  But it was David Copperfield, so I sat back and tried to enjoy my drink (two drink minimum) as the show began.Well, since I had seen his last special on TV, I realized that now I had just paid to see it again, only live.  What the?!  He couldn't come up with something new?  Even the part of him finding some 'audience member's' father and reuniting them on the beach - saw it on TV.  Same script.I was so disappointed.  I was a fan for almost 20 years - and then to be brought to reality like this?  And you know what?  I've never seen a less enthusiastic performance by someone who just pocketed $200 from us alone.  David did not want to be there.  He was just going through the dialog and the motions.  No wonder they put him in that small theater.
4	My husband and I just saw the show in Las Vegas end of April 2008, It was my first time seeing David and I was excited even though I read some negative reviews. I have to say that I really enjoyed myself. We were in row 2A which is really row 1 and touching the stage. I was approached as soon as I sat in my seat to be on stage to help!! For the 2nd illusion my husband and I were brought up on stage to help confirm that a steel plate was in fact, real. We were instructed to really cheer for David as he likes that, LOL. I was amazed by things that he did and how he did them and would recommend others to see this show. I have read lots of reviews that were accurate also. He does take his time to find the pretty ladies in the audience to participate. My husband called that one!  Other than the few of the hot ladies chosen, all other people that participated were selected at random using frisbees or big silver balls. I think my seat being so close to the stage really may not be a benefit to "seeing the whole picture" and I did see some of the "tricks" if you know what I mean. Not sure if that was DAvid and his gang being sloppy or my angle from the stage. All in all, I would see it again and he kept the audience laughing also. I didn't see anyone leaving disappointed.
2	Dear Mr. Copperfield,Here comes another letter from your little fan.I watched your world tour show in Hong Kong when I was 6. You were so energetic, so passionate, so vivacious. I was so amazed that I dreamt of you that night.And in summer 2008, I watched your show again. Mr. Copperfield, What happened to you? I felt like you're just doing all those daily routines stolidly. Can't you just act like you're enjoying what you're doing? Come on, you're supposed to be an entertainer! At least 3 of the tricks were exactly the same as the ones I saw 15 years ago! Same tricks, same jokes! What happened? If there's no improvements, make some changes at least!And why did you have to show us videos before the show, bragging about how good you WERE? It just worsens the show. It gave us so much anticipation and then there comes the huge contrast. I was really disappointed. But I would still give you two stars. Because I know you could be better. You may just be too tired that night, which I really hope so.Don't get me wrong, Mr. Copperfield. I still love you. And therefore I'm just worried about you.P.S. three of my friends went on to the stage! I'm NOT happy!Sincerely, Jam C.
5	Not much of a magic fan and certainly wouldn't of paid $100 to see David if it wasn't for this kid trailing behind me all weekend, but I must admit I did enjoy!I was all buttered up and in a great mood, the best drink I had in Vegas all weekend was made for me right outside those doors. I loved the intimate seating arrangement of the theater and will definitely be back to entertain myself with more MGM shows in the future. We ordered popcorn and drinks and were flattered by all the attention we got from the house photographer,  I DID have  the best looking date in town!All in all a great bang for your buck.Voila!
5	i can see the justification in some of these peoples reviews...a lot start...when i was younger....thats coo. but i do think it was pretty pricey $100 a pop...i must be a damn good friend because it was bday gift for a friend.  (a "friend" from past years....ya kno)ne ways i like that he made that car appear from know where.... that was pretty cool. the others stuff was coo too. we were pretty close to him for a few tricks (and we were in the second row next to some people who obviously didnt realize they only bought 2 tickets and not the whole table.. dumbasses) im not sure if i would see it again but ill tell all my friends too fo sure
3	David is tired - part of the act was a film of some past tricks. He is a throw back to the addage - that Vegas is where old performers go to retire.
2	He did some OK tricks that I've seen others done many times.  Keeps using the "magic" tables.  That's just one trick that gets old.  Then he keeps making lame jokes... people laughed a little to make him feel better.  Most annoying was that they kept playing tribute videos of David's past about how famous he WAS and how much $$$ he had made.  Man, did I feel cheated.It's not 1 star just because one of two tricks were kind of good, but not new.
1	This was a horrible show from start to finish.  You could tell he just did not want to be there.  Between the eye rolling, the sighs, the stupid videos and the fact that his helpers had to ask us to clap for him, I would say you should sit this one out.
1	Can I also say that he just looks ODD?  My sister cracks me up and says he has lecherous looks.  Totally true.  He looks like a deviant of some sort.  And while he's in the midst of a racial slur of some kind, my sister whispers....look at his hair!  It was the consistency of, I don't know, burnt hay.  Dyed black as night.  It sticks straight up on end.  His skin dark from countless tanning minutes through the years.  Now don't get me wrong, it didn't matter.  But, he's just let himself go.  He was dressed in clothes that looked about a size too big.  When you sit in the front, you notice this stuff...and how he does ALL of his illusions.  Don't ever sit in the front row of a magic show...evah
2	David David David....Two sides to every coin.  Mr. Copperfield has acquired a lifetime of success doing "illusions" or tricking people into believing one thing while he does another (I'm not terribly fond of magic, but can be entertained).  You can tell he's been doing it wayyyyyyyyyyyyy too long, he just didn't seem into it............at all.  It's as though he was on auto-pilot.  There were a few cool tricks, especially when the car appears on the stage (sweet ride btw).  However, I laughed quite heartily through out the show.  He had a few parts that almost caused me to fear bladder problems.  Would I have paid for tickets if I didn't get them comped? Umm, no. Before he 'appeared' on stage, there was a tedious "DAVID COPPERFIELD" tribute video, it was cool the first few minutes...but daaaaang dude, ease up, we don't need to see every SINGLE show clip that your name was mentioned in.It was ok.  I think he's a handsome older man, but his fake hair was awfully distracting.  Thirty minutes of the show was spent trying to figure out if it was sprayed on or astro-turf.
2	Yup - just came back from Vegas and needed to buy something using my roulette winnings so we got half priced tickets to Copperfield. Yup - show wasn't worth half price even ($75). Room is "intimate" and a bad state when it was still only 3/4 full on a Friday night (10pm showing) on July 3rd. Yup - A lot of filler, a lot of self promotion, dude performs on autoplay -- maybe he should mix it up and it would be fresh ... i dunno... just throwing that out there Mr. Copp. Yup.
3	I'm a huge magic fan and I was so excited to get some tickets to see David Copperfield live in Las Vegas after watching him on TVMGM have put him into one of the smaller theatres I've experienced in Las Vegas. It seemed a little odd given some of his famous tricks are large scale illusions.Well, attending one of his live shows is oddly just like watching him on TV. It all seems very scripted and he was a real showman without injecting much of his personality into that live performance.Perhaps he has suffered from over-exposure but I didn't really have many 'on the edge of my seat' moments during his show.There were 2 great tricks though. The first is his famous flying. He really is the smoothest flyer I've seen live or in TV and he even continues this illusion in a sealed boxThe second was that he selected 13 members of the audience randomly by throwing a frisbee round the room and getting people who caught to come up - they could all have been stooges but they would have to be very accurate frisbee throwers for that to work. He then made all 13 vanish from the stage. They later came back in and when I asked one of them how the illusion was done, he said they had all been sworn to secrecy.So a slick but average show
3	I've been a longtime David Copperfield fan catching all his shows on TV back in the 80's and early 90's.  And I managed to catch him live back in '96 when he dropped by to perform in SF.  He was great then.  Great now?  I don't know anymore.  The reason why I decided to catch his show at the MGM Grand was because it had been 10 years since I saw his live show and I was thinking that he's come up with some brand new illusions and has evolved his show to conform with today's audience.  I was kind of disappointed to see the same tricks over again from what I've seen on his live show and from his TV specials.  Plus I didn't like the fact that, like what other Yelpers have been saying, he pretty much performed the show on automatic pilot and didn't seem to connect to the audience as much.  It was still nice to see his classic tricks from his TV show, though the set he performed at my show weren't exactly his best ones in my opinion.  The Hollywood Theater looks very old and rundown and pretty much sucked in comparison to the Orpheum in SF and the stages he's performed on TV.  He's still a great showman but he really needs to come up with some new material in order to compete with the likes of Criss Angel and the other magicians on the Strip.
3	The David Copperfield show wasn't too bad!  I probably wouldn't pay to go see it again, but I would definitely think about it if someone were to pay me to see the show.Some of his tricks did leave my hubby and I a lil stumped (we had on our "duh" faces), and then he would move right on to the next one, so there wasn't too much time to think about it...maybe he thought we'd figure it out!  Anyways, he did go through the motions alot, and it seemed to be a very scripted act.When we first arrived I was a little hesitant because we didn't realize we had gotten seats so close to the stage...I guess they upgraded us.  Most people like upgrades, but after reading some of the reviews on trip advisor I would prefer to sit in the back!  They make him sound almost stalkerish, and he will often invite ladies from his crowds (the ones he picks for tricks) back to his private island after meeting them for the fist time, and he is very serious about it....a lil weird if you ask me!  I guess David likes his ladies, and who's to blame him ya know! Anyways, he does make great use of the crowd and has a lot of participation from every angle.  Overall, the show was pretty good, but he seemed a lil played out.PS:  To my lady friends...if you happen to be pretty good looking (probably the younger the better)...don't sit in the very front row or you might find yourself whisked away to Mr. Copperfield's private island!
3	I saw the show a couple of days ago, and unfortunately most of the things other yelpers said are true. Make no mistake, he is still an amazing showman, but his spirit is not what it used to be.The video in the beginning was indeed not necessary. The same goes for the video in the middle of the show showing him perform a houdini trick. A) I know how great he is, and even if I didn't, that's what the show is for and B) I paid for Live, not for pre-taped performance.The show is perfectly put together and executed. Unfortunately there was no flying, but most of his tricks are amazing. I was sitting in the front row, far left, which is usually a good place to spot how the tricks are done, but I couldn't see anything revealing. Interesting sidenote: One of his assistants came in and inquired whether any of us were magicians.Like others said, he does seem to get bored throughout the show. Not much enthusiasm on his part, which is really sad because it's the only thing missing which brings down the overall quality. If the enthusiasm was there, this would have been a four-star review.If you haven't seen him live, it's worth paying the price of the ticket. If you've seen him in better times, don't spoil your memories.
2	We saw the David Copperfield show at MGM Grand on Sept 21, 2009.  It was kind of cheesy.  I used to watch him at TV and he was wonderful, but seeing him in person wasn't really worth the money.There were a few good tricks that left us wondering how he did he do that???  He was a very good comedian.
3	Saw the show the other night. I really wanted to like the show more since I enjoyed his TV specials when I was younger. The first thing that I did not like is before the show starts a video clip is played for a long time of his name being mentioned in popular culture, seemed like 5-10 min, it comes off as very egotistical.One of the problems is that David Copperfield does not seem very good at improvising, the show seems very scripted. One segment he brought a woman up to make her ring disappear and reapper in his pocket on a baby shoe on the laces. The woman was having a little fun asking him if he could give her a bigger caret size and after if he asked if it was her ring she said no. David Copperfield did not seem like he was happy about that, where as someone like Penn & Teller might take that and run with it for some comedy. Some of the tricks are very good, espically bringing up 13 audience members and making them disapper. I happend to be on stage right next to the trick and I did not see or hear anything, a very good trick.Overall the show is ok, if you can get discounted tickets it is a decent 90 min show.
1	After growing up a big fan of David Copperfield's TV Specials my girlfriend and I bought two tickets to his show at the MGM (~$75/each).  Since the theater was half empty and usher 'upgraded' us to sit on the front row.Basically, the show was a huge disappointment. He seemed so arrogant and disconnected from reality, he was essentially 'unlikeable'.  There were a couple of tricks that were impressive but that only made up 5% of the show.  The MGM should be ashamed to take people's money for such an awful show.
5	I saw his show today. Ok I really don't get all the bad reviews. He didn't make a train or the statute of liberty disappear, but how did u expect him do all of that inside a theater? He did how ever appear a car, and disappear 13 audiences. I REALLY enjoyed the show and I would recommend it for sure. Some reviews say he wasn't interacting with the Audience, I think he was very interactive and funny. I was fortunate to be one of the audience he choose to go on stage with him (I was helping him with the cards and scorpion trick) and I enjoyed it very much! Felt good to be standing so close to such a great talent.Not only were the tricks real neat and well performed, he was very charming and energetic and funny. Be fair, celebrities and artists are humans too, you can't expect them to have the same energy they had when they were 30 at 53.  I paid 80 dollars and it was worth every penny! GREAT SHOW. Thank you David!!!
4	i enjoyed this show way more than i did with beatlles "love"
3	Would I pay 100 bucks again for one ticket to this show again? Probably not. Would I pay 75 bucks again at the half price ticket booth? Probably not. I think the show is probably worth the value, but it's more like one of those once in a lifetime thing. Perhaps if David Copperfield didn't use so much video screen play and more demonstration, I'd feel like I got my moneys worth. However like I said, the show was good but definately could see improvements in some area. Example: All these years I hear in the background of shows and etc where someone would scream out loud "ENCORE!" or "DO IT AGAIN!" or "WOO HOO!" Yeah I heard that here, but it was recorded and played on their speaker not from the actual audience. HAHAHAHA But like I said the show alone is still pretty cool.
3	I wasn't planning on watching this show but wanted to watch something close to our hotel since we had an early flight the next day.  I was able to get tickets at Tix4Tonight for about $80 each including all fees and had decent seats. The show was scheduled to start at 7:30 but didn't start until 7:40.  Even then we were shown a video of all the times David Copperfield's name was mentioned in movies and tv shows.  He does try to get the audience involved in his tricks which made my bf wish we had closer seats so he would be chosen. During the trick where he was supposed to go through the fan, we sat at the table that is right behind the box Copperfield stands on when he reappears and my bf got to shake his hand, which was probably our coolest moment out of the entire show.  I do agree that some portions sound very scripted (i.e. the part where he talks about his grandfather, it sounded like he was speed reading) but there were a few wow moments. I probably won't see the show again, once is enough, but it was my first magic show in vegas so it seemed alright to me.
3	I wasn't too excited about heading to this one, after seeing all the negative reviews. I had seen Copperfield once in Ohio about ten years previously, but my 11 year old son pushed us into it.It was better than I expected. While some of the tricks were obviously some sort of diversion and sleight of hand, others left us scratching our heads...how in the WORLD did he do that?
3	Oh the Copp....as a child I thought you were the bees knees. I saw you on tour for my 12th birthday, and then 16 years later when I was living in Vegas I got to see you twice, in consecutive weeks. Yes, I didn't pay for this show, but honestly, I probably would have paid once for it. I am not a huge fan of magic, but I was a big fan of the Copp. As other Yelpers mention, the video montage at the start of the show is pretty lame...the story about his grandpa, also kind of lame, though a bit touching even if it probably isn't true. The illusions were all pretty decent, very reminiscent of his tv specials. I think when you go see Copperfield, you shouldn't go for the magic, rather, you should go to see one of the finer showmen of his time. He puts on a good show, makes stupid jokes, and is pretty charismatic. If you are not in the mood for cheese, sleaze and magic, don't go to the show, but if you are, check Tix 4 Tonight for deals, and then enjoy.
2	Watched David Copperfield this weekend and I kind of have mixed emotions about the show.  Some of the tricks he did were quite lame.  You know, your typical magic acts like laying in a "magic box," slight of hand tricks, now you see it now you don't, etc.  What was really lame was all the video shown during the show, talk about a time sucker upper!  There was an intro video, a video when he did a magic bit in the 80's and a video about his grandfather.But, not everything was lame...he did do one act, consisting of three tricks which blew my mind.  I'm sure there's a logical explanation and I'm probably going to google how he did it but until then, I'm amazed!The tickets to his show were quite expensive, but thankfully we got them at one of those Half-Off kiosks rather than paying full price at the ticket booth.  But even then so, $80 per person, just to sit at a table with strangers was again, lame!  The only cool thing about the seating arrangement was the table service but, if you want to spend $7 on a bag of M&M's or $9 for a drink you can get free out in the casino, then go for it baller! ;)
3	I Went into this show with high expectations and left somewhat feeling satisfied. Overall the show was good but not mesmerizing like I expected it to be.Growing up I always watched all his tv specials and only dreamed of one day seeing him in person live. Well for my bday we saw the show at the MGM and I have mixed reviews. I thought the tricks he performed were not as high caliber type as they used to be. He seemed like almost bothered to be there. He was arrogant and cocky and at times almost rude and pervy with the females from the audience. He did have some cool illusions, two to be exact but I do feel all the video shown was unnecessary. If we're paying 100dlls pp to see him I would think we already have an idea of who he is and how well known he is.I would not pay to see it again, he has changed a lot and not for the best.
3	I was lucky enough to be in town to catch Copperfield performing, since he only performs a few weeks and is on the road again. Definitely be smart and purchase any show tix off those tix for tonight or tix for half price booths/kiosks. Also, if possible get a early show before evening-because its always cheaper at least by $20. Anyway, I was excited to be seeing him, since he's LEGEND! (He definitely got OLD. ha ha) Got a seat in the booths in the second row. He did many tricks, but only a couple that were mind-blowing. The rest where mostly audience participation (which was great) but I think I was expecting something a little more extravagant. (Since his videos hyped the audience up, and he's known to go big) Nevertheless, time was also killed by showing a few videos in the beginning, about his career, and a story that relates back to one of his tricks. Honestly, I wouldn't pay regular admission price (~$80) to see his show. There were only a couple tricks that were WOW factor, but other than that it was kind of a so-so show, and left feeling somewhat un-satisfied, unfortunately.
3	Mr. Copperfield has brought the expectation down to another level. if you're a frequent vegas visitor, (even though the stupid boucers would still charge you cover for being a tourist) this is a let-down.  Whearas all the shows in vegas start late, after watching his show you would be wondering if Mr.Co was not physically compatible with what it takes to make it a great show.Tto make it simple: criss angel is a better choice. david copperfield now is exactly what criss angel's actor poked fun as, he's old now and he can't give an energetic performance. I literally felt sorry watching the show that the 50+ old guy tried hard to entertain the audience and looked like he'd fall down on the stage.  Somehow I felt like he prefers girls a million times more than guys that he was picking up girls to perform with him for the most of the show and was giving out his signature smile to the camera again and again. (good to witness it as it will stay in my memory) Wanted to snap a photo with him after the show, but there aint such thing.. ok.. a-list doesnt give a s##t to yall regulars
2	Went on a Thursday, was seated immediately to a small venue. thumbs up so far. didn't have to wait long for a not too expensive for a chardonnay and coors light for being on the strip. popcorn price was steep at 11 bucks so said no. show opens with a self-serving 3 minute too-long aggrandizing tribute to copperfield, which in a way hypes you up to the possibility of a spectacular show you think you're in for. after that you're left clinging, even hoping for amazing magic, and what you get is passable, but not WTF how did he do it kind of magic.  As other posters have mentioned, it seems overly worked, tired and scripted. Yes, he does seem to make people disappear, throws around a frisbee to ensure complete randomness in a crowd of strangers, but i was left feeling every crowd member signed a waiver before they went onstage just to maintain his "secrets".  He is funny and handsome, but the show needs to be retooled and freshened up if he's to remain competitive on the strip in vegas and competitive with the likes of the terry fator's and jeff dunham's, not magicians but certainly funny and entertaining and worth spending money to see.
3	3.5 StarsFriend: "We gotta see David Copperfield!"Me: (reacting much like the Sultan in "Aladdin" where Jafar is trying to hypnotize him) "Whaa? But he's so old!"Friend: "He's not THAT old!"Well, since we saw that shows I wanted to see last time we were in Vegas, I decided to humor her. We caught a matinee on 11/26 and purchased our tickets last-minute through Tix4Tonight for $67.25 per person, including taxes. We got good seats in the middle--not up front in the V.I.P. section, but not all the way in the back, either. Please note that if the show is fully booked, you may have to share a table with strangers, as we did.We all know going in that this show is gonna be hokey, so here's a tip to make the magic more enjoyable: they have a this "souvenir cup" that is a big silver goblet emblazoned with the MGM logo on it. The menu says you have a couple of choices of what it can be filled with, but our server said they can put any drink in there. I think it was 24 ounces for $18. You can refill for $12. A gin and tonic that's about 8 ounces is $9, so you do the math. And then you get to be the proud owner of a Harry Potter goblet-sized crunk cup! I forget our server's name, but she was very friendly and was on top of things. So once you've entered the state of being where it feels like you've entered a padded room with velvet curtains, Copperfield's jokes, the cheesy video montages, and the tired script are much more enjoyable. There is a lot of audience participation, and he a couple of really cool tricks up his sleeve. I actually ended up liking it a lot more than Penn & Teller we saw last year. If they would cut out some of the video montages and added more of the "how did he do that?" tricks, it would be worth paying full price. For parents: there are a lot of sexual innuendo jokes that he tells (he dubs a participant "16 Hour Man" after he asked how long has it been since he got laid), so if I had to rate this show, it was be PG, but honestly, the jokes flew over the kids' heads. Bottom line: use Tix4Tonight and get the crunk goblet.
3	I have to agree with other reviews here. The show was okay, but there wasn't anything new and exciting. The stories were scripted and sounded like it. And the videos showing his popularity and past successes were really stupid. So looking through these reviews, I can say that nothing has improved in his performance as of December 2010.I saw Penn and Teller two years ago, and it was great. In fact some of the magic tricks they did were very similar to the ones David Copperfield did. But somehow they made it all look wonderful and new, toying with showing the audience some of how a trick is done but then kicking it up a notch and doing something even sneakier, just when you think you know what's going on. Sad, I was hoping to really enjoy this. I think the magic was really well done and some of the jokes were funny, so this gets 3 stars. I was entertained, but not blown away. Not something I'd do again unless I see better reviews first!
5	_Ready (for an experience worth every penny) _Set (for the anticipation of trilling excitement) _Go (join a crowd that would go head over heels at the end of the show)Before entering this lively show, hide your bottle waters/beverages in a bag (purse) otherwise you'll have to leave them by the door way or in the trash. (Aye, what ever saves you money, I'm just giving a helpful tip).If you're coming with more than one person and yet find yourself in separate seats, then chillax and wait till the show starts... When the lights go off and there's available seating next to your group, well you know what comes next (sneak you way over there! They'll keep quiet unless the seat reserved for someone are taken at some point by the rightfully person).Well I'm not going to even mention anything about the show but this illusionist will have you believing in real magic and unbelievable stories filled with Laughter, joy, or great meaning that one might need to know in life.Other than the extravagant eye-catching show, the menu presented a selection of over priced appetizer snacks and alcohol beverages or regular drinks. I noticed the interesting selection of finger food snacks, such as popcorn, chips, pretzels, peanuts, etc. And I really wanted a strawberry daiquiri but a virgin strawberry daiquiri costed $9 buckaroos.Overall, this show is worth experiencing in a lifetime but I am grateful I had the opportunity to watch the show for free ;D
4	I don't understand why this show is only getting 2.5 stars. I LOVED the show! I admit that what some people say in their reviews is correct. He does speak monotonically and seem to be speaking off a script. But you have to admit he is amazing! Can you ever make yourself disappear and reappear in another place in 1 second? I don't think so.We sat right below the stage and we could see almost everything (we still missed some parts because we were on the side of the stage! And we paid less than others around us :) Thanks to Internet discounts.
1	As a copperfield fan since the 90s, I have three words to describe this show: Phoning. It. In. He could at least appear to gaf, instead of looking as if he would rather be in his special place than do a show.  Great illusions. Horrible showmanship.
2	Ummm we got VIP seats, since I was here with high rollers and that means everything is gravy.Seats were awesome but show...I don't know, perhaps I am just not into magic?
5	I've been a David Copperfield fan ever since I was a kid.  I remember watching his amazing TV specials, often resulting in something massive disappearing or him flying.  I was completely captivated.Now that I'm grown up (physically - not mentally), I am still fascinated by magic.  In fact, I'm still fascinated by David Copperfield's magic.  As a kid you're blown away by the payoff.  As an adult, you can appreciate his well-told stories, wit, sarcasm, and pop culture references along with a huge payoff of an illusion.I highly recommend seeing his show if you're in Las Vegas.  I know that there are quite a few reviews saying he seems tired, or the VIP experience is sub-par.  I've seen his show quite a few times in the last few months, and it still blows me away each and every time.Also, the last time I went (last week), his VIP meet and greet experience was a bit different.  It felt more intimate AND he gave our group a private magic show.  It was AWESOME!!Another bonus is he now integrates Twitter into the beginning of his show, encourages people to tweet, and he chooses winners from the crowd to go meet him back stage.  So cool!
3	Show was overall great.   The videos were the worst thing about it as well as the dramatic, yet tele-prompted stories.  I figure if you are doing a show every night, you could probably learn the lines instead reading off a clearly visible teleprompter.The big illusions were absolutely awesome.  Very very well done.  He only pics gorgeous women, which take away from the illusion only because it feels like they are placed in the audience.  If you don't have a nice rack or decent looks, don't expect to get picked out of the audience.  In general, it was cheezy but he is still a great illusionist and we enjoyed the tickets we paid for.  Had I paid full price, I would have been disappointed.  We got our tickets through a half price show booth and paid $130 for the pair.  Great price.
2	Midway into the show, I realized I was at the David Copperfield MAGIC show not a comedy show. D.C's attempt at being funny was pathetic. AND I was seated in front of the speaker and each time when he was done was a trick a man would scream, yaaa and whistle hella loud. How lame is it when you have to have a recorded person cheering you on and to play the same thing about 20x's as if people are really that dumb to notice it's a recording. I agree with all the other reviews that the 10 minutes or so segment of his career was very self absorbent on his part. Ok we get it. You're a famous magician.I would not put it past him if the audience chosen to be part of the magic tricks were planted. Everything just seem fake and super cheesy!
5	WOW! I can die happy. It's been forever since I've seen a magic show and this was exactly what I was looking for. I use to watch DC as a kid so I assumed his show would be out dated and somewhat boring... boy was I wrong. The show was funny, mystical, touching, and more!My girlfriend and I had the best time! Thanks MGM.
1	Don't waste your money!This show was so bad...It starts off with like a 10min video clips of stars/movies/shows mentioning David Copperfields name...Ok I get the point you "were big"....it sucks because I really wanted to see Chris Angel but tix were sold out so we went with DC show....first off the stage is soooo small...sucks that this guy once a big deal now has a shitty stage...then the seating is horrible...you have to share your seat no matter where you are sitting with a completed stranger...talk about akward...then through out the whole show the waitresses are serving drinks and passing by right in front of you blocking your view from the show...its like do that before the show starts...talk about tacky...I wasnt impressed at all with his magic tricks which to me I've seen amature's do...so I was bummed with the show...Wouldnt go back even if they gave me free tix...pretty sad
5	Do NOT listen to the negative reviews, this show is very good, the tricks are well done and fun to watch and david himself has a great stage presence and is funny.  I highly recomend it if you are in town.
1	That was probably the most painful 90 minutes I can remember and that includes root canal.  Seriously, listen to all the bad reviews and spend your money elsewhere. This was horrible.  We had already bought the tickets before we saw the reviews so we went. I was hoping that reading all the bad reviews are expectations would be low engough to enjoy. However, it was horrible. Really HORRIBLE.  There were two cool tricks but the rest of the evening was an embarrasement to David Copperfield and human kind.  We bought the most expensive tickets (about $117 per) and ended up in the second to back row.  I can't imagine where the cheaper tickets are located!?  The video at the beginning was fine but his corny jokes, the waiter talking (LOUDLY) the entire show to people around us in Spanish got annoying, and just Copperfield's overall cockyness and corny one-liners was just too much. I wanted to leave half way through as I was falling asleep. DO NOT GO!  Every other show we have ever gone to in Vegas has been MUCH better so go to something else.  Just sayin'....
5	We had a wonderful time at the David Copperfield show. I really enjoyed seeing his list of accomplishments at the beginning. He's a Legend and it's fun to remember some of his fun moments in our pop culture. My jaw was dropped several times and we were seated front row center and I couldn't believe what just happened before my eyes. I've watched him perform on TV growing up and it was remarkable to see him live. It's a wonderfully entertaining show for the entire family. Forbes magazine describes him as "the most commercially successful magician in history" and without a doubt he is a performer and entertainer. Just go and have a fun night out!!!
2	I saw this show a few years ago.  There were a few illusions that I really liked and scratched my head and wondered how.  For the most part however, I found the show somewhat boring.   I also immensely dislike ANY performer who needs to have his parents stand up and get applause.  In this case, Copperfield's parents were in the audience.  They deserved as much applause as I did for sitting through the show.There was one illusion--and I know that's what it is--illusion, but it was totally ruined for me.  It's the locked box one where he predicts before the show what random people will say as a number.  I know the box is switched.  I don't know how, but when you do an illusion and you have someone write down numbers that get put in the box in the switch, have them write the numbers the same way you do, David.  Make sure you don't write 4 like that and the other person backstage write it the more common way we almost all write a four.  This error just ruined the whole thing for me and I walked away shaking my head wondering why I had wasted my money on this show.
5	I had an excellent experience at David's show.  I went with my girlfriend, step-mom, Dad, little brother and his friend.  The theater was nice and the the performances were truly spectacular.  There were numerous times during the performance where I simply could not figure out how certain tricks were being performed.  David was a fun host and he held a twitter contest at the beginning where he invited guests to tweet him.  I sent him a tweet and ended up getting a response saying to wait after the show and we'd get to meet him.  My step-mom is a lifelong fan and was overjoyed that we had won.  David was really nice to us after the show and did a couple of extra tricks for us up close.  It was cool!  He even let us take a picture with him.  I highly recommend the show if you want to laugh and be amazed.  It was thoroughly entertaining and I generally am not that into magic.
2	As a child of the 80s, I just was expecting more from the magician we grew up watching on TV through the years. Instead, the theater was so small, I felt like I was about to watch a local spoken word talent.  David Copperfield was so arrogant, it was sad to watch. Everytime he finished a trick, you could hear crickets in the audience and he had to clap his hands together and yell out to us "ok clap now!! yay!! clap!!" Sure there were a few of us that were a little slow to catch on to some of what he was doing (ie, being told to hit a beach ball towards the back of the room yet some people still couldn't resist to hit the ball towards the front). David was sure to pick the young skinny girls from the audience who didn't speak much English and then made fun of them on stage because they couldn't respond to his questions fast enough. He played a video of him escaping from a pit of fire while suspended in the air but the video quality was so bad, I could swear it was an act he did 20 years ago. I know he meant for us to all be impressed after we saw the video but honestly, we're they're to see him perform live, not videos of him that we could youtube from home. His showmanship was really lacking. He really didn't put the effort in to wow us at all. It was like he knew he already had our money so he was just going through the motions and doing the tricks, reciting the scripts and reading the cue cards. There was 1 awesome trick that really astounded us though the middle of this act. When he made the old school car appear out of thin air, our jaws dropped. I think because this was in the middle of his act, we all thought "oh good, it's getting better now." but then it just fell off from there. My advice: save the car act for the end of the show because everything else seems so dull compared to it.
5	This show is literally magical!  Cheesy, I know, but true!  My husband and I thoroughly enjoyed every minute of the show!  We were repeatedly in awe, shocked and amazed how he pulled off his tricks!  A couple of times we looked at each other and said, "How the heck did he do that?!!!!"  It was really entertaining!  We had a really good time!Before the show, I checked into Yelp and read some of the other reviews.  I must have not seen the same show many of the reviewers were commenting on.  I didn't think David Copperfield looked or seemed bored.  I definitely didn't think the show itself was boring.  If you like magic and want to see a true entertainer, then you won't regret seeing this show! ***Go to the Discount Ticket stands....couple locations are at Town Square, Fashion Show Mall, and Riveria.  The tickets we purchased were almost 50% off.  We got good seats and were able to see the entire show clearly.  Sweet deal if you ask me!!
4	Very enjoyable show.  Magical.  Fun. Entertaining.  One of the best shows we saw in Las Vegas.
5	If you're in Vegas, this show is not to be missed!  David is hilarious and all his tricks are mind blowing.  In my mind, he is the greatest magician! I've seen many magic shows and this one is the best. I don't know why his ratings so low, maybe they're from competition? I've seen his show twice and he still cracks me up. Out of the 15+ shows I've seen in Vegas, this is the best, "O" is nothing compared to this one.
5	So on my wife's and I first trip to Las Vegas we decided that we have to check out some of the shows and such as part of the experience.  Now I have seen David Copperfield on TV shows and the such which by themselves were pretty interesting.  Watching it in person though was SOO much better.  Seeing the big illusions in person really makes you wonder how in the world he did it.  As far as I am concerned this is a great treat for both adults and children alike.  Me and my wife had a great time and I would do it again in a heart beat.
1	Going into the show, I had no idea who David Copperfield was. The only reason I ended up watching this show was because my boyfriend insisted on it since he loves magic so much. The show wasn't bad, but it was definitely far from good. I would say at LEAST half of the show was videos about David Copperfield and not really him doing any magic tricks. There were maybe 2 big magical illusions that he performed. There are plenty of audience interactions, but I noticed he really only picks pretty girls to help him out. We paid around $70 each for the tickets from the discount ticket booths on the strip, and it was most definitely not worth the money. Watch another show instead.
2	Alright, David Copperfield. Big name. Big magician..well maybe back in the early 90s. I was kind of excited to see his show because I honestly thought he was a great magician...back then. But looking at the size of the theater and the quality of his performance, I was a bit disappointed. It's no way near the theatrical performances  he did on TV like walking through the Great Wall or escaping from a exploding building. As one of the reviewers said, he has an ego issue because there was one segment where they showed a video montage of great things that people said about him. "Greatest musician of the century" blah blah blah. I almost thought I paid to watch a movie about David Copperfield. Listen, I did not pay $100 to  watch a video of narcissism. It also takes him forever to build up his performance as he likes to do monologues here and there, which is, quite frankly, boring.  Like most magicians, he invites audiences on the stage to do his tricks but I think he spends more time chatting up with them than actually performing. I think he needs a career change to become a talk show host instead. Anyway, don't expect a whole lot from the show because you will be utterly disappointed as I was.
3	I concur with much of what has been posted on here already: an "OK" show.   The illusions themselves are quite impressive but Mr Copperfield just seemed so disinterested.   To me, he just seemed like he was mailing it in, as any clock-punching employee counting down the days until retirement kicks in.    Aside from the fact that he physically has seen better days (was it just me or does he totally hunch over now like a much older guy?).In my view, this was sort of the stereotypical Vegas-style cheesy entertainment.  If you go into it with that expectation, I think you'll enjoy this.   Despite all the luke-warm comments, it's one of those Vegas things that you still have to see.....And oh yeah, the video montage at the beginniner reminding us all of how great he once was... that was a bit much for me.
1	How the mighty are fallen... Starting with a silly, self-congratulatory video montage of three decades of celebrities mentioning his name, this pretty much sums up the show's unintended theme: "resting on ones laurels." Aside from two or three illusions of the type that made him famous, Copperfield speeds unconvincingly through his well-rehearsed lines and then slows to a crawl through several laborious setups in which audience members are chosen to assist with what are, on a few occasions, mediocre stunts of hand magic (two dull instances of paper magically hovering above his palm).Midway through the show, the audience is asked once again to indulge the artist in a lengthy video featuring an example of the type of magic he once did and for which we all came, but frustratingly, we won't get to see during this performance.This was not the show we paid handsomely to see, featuring the type of blockbuster magic that made him famous. (The disappointment is immediate as one enters what must be one of the ugliest show rooms in Vegas). Copperfield's heart just doesn't seem to be in it, and it's painfully obvious.Not recommended.
3	I paid about $120 to see this show and the first thing I noticed was how uninterested he was. I guess it's because he's been at it for so long. Maybe he's lost the fire?The show was great, but I really wished there were more large scale tricks since the price tag was not small. The only tricks I remember that really awed me was pulling a car out of thin air and making 8 people disappear. My friend was actually one of those people, but he wouldn't tell me how the trick is done. The duck in a bucket trick was also amazing. The duck was so cute!I also noticed that he had all the girls kiss him on the cheek after they've helped him out with a trick. He also seems like a bit of a jerk. He kept making fun of this girl for the way she pronounces her own name: "Harriet." He made her repeat it like 5 times. She was clearly not into it afterwards. She didn't even want to watch the trick.
5	Awesome show!  I've been to Vegas a few times and hadn't yet taken in a Magic Show.  The illusions in this show are pretty phenomenal, and I have no idea how they work, AT ALL.  The show was also hugely interactive.  Tons of people get on stage, and there's a lot of give and take.  Definitely an integral part of anyone's vegas experience.
4	I had a blast with the family. Mr Copperfield actually their a ball to select audience members to come up to the stage to perform and act. One of the silver balls went straight towards my wife and she FREAK out! I was like, "Duuuuuuuude, lucky! GO GO GO!" She responded, "Eeeeeeeee aaaaaah noooooooo" and hid with embarrassment. hahahaha. All in all, very entertaining.
4	I've always wanted to see David Copperfield, but every time we're in Vegas he's dark. By mere chance this time he happened to be playing (yay!) and since every time I mention I want to see him we went and hunted down tickets. No need to be seated early, so we hung out at the lions until about ten till. Drinks and food are overpriced, but that's to be expected.Unlike a lot of other yelpers I actually really enjoyed the montage and the historical footage. I do agree that David isn't exactly into the stories and stuff, though I just assumed he was a bad actor as compared to "he doesn't care anymore." Definitely a point he could improve on, though. The stories don't feel "real", they are obviously memorized and repeated as if by rote. The important thing is the magic! I enjoyed every one of his tricks (including one that didn't work out, oops!)I think people need to relax at magic shows and just enjoy them. Some of it was cheesy, some of it was mystifying, and some of it just blew me away (like making the car appear, omg!)We got very nice middle-center seats through the half price ticket booth for the 4pm matinee, about $54 each. Definitely worth it at that price point.
3	I enjoyed it. The illusions were cool, but the theatre could use some work. The acoustics lacked significant range. David was charismatic and comedic. He engaged the audience and showed us some cool tricks. Not worth the $120 retail price, but for the $70 I paid on the strip for the ticket I can live. $35 would've been the fairer price point (the show lacked a bunch of flare).
5	My husband and I just saw the David Copperfield show and we thought it was the BOMB! don't know what the other people are complaining about but i saw the show way back in the day at Caesars and it is just as good as i remember- captivating, magical, entertaining, interactive, and yes, people, humorous. Who knew Copperfield could be so funny, we laughed hysterically at his wit and humor with the audience members.  David is such an accomplished magician of our time, no one like him and no one who will ever b like him.  He deserves all the credit he showed in the montage. I mean who can make the Statue of Liberty disappear? no one has figured that one out to this day!  I thought it was a good addition to add the film to the show to bring in some variety-I loved seeing all the big production magic tricks he did in the past, they still amaze me. To this day no one has been even comparable to what he still is.  A lot of the tricks were astounding to my husband and I and trust me we have been to a lot of magic shows as we also frequent magic castle a lot in LA. We are so bored of small card tricks, metal rings, coin behind the ear, etc etc... if you want to see a REAL magic show with amazing effects you HAVE to see this one.  presentation of each trick was so very unique and very captivating and sense of humor just made it that much more entertaining. Imagine a big production interactive magic show with a slight of comedy.. who can ask for more? There is no other like it.  I mean who can make a car appear on the stage with audience members surrounding it and underneath it?  still mind boggling. So if you guys really want to see a great show and a legend go see David Copperfield, he was and still is one of the greatest entertainers of ALL time.  Standing ovation to you Copperfield. BRAVO! you still got it!
3	The theater that the Copperfield show in has tabled seating for the first few rows which was nice because it allows you to order a drink and have a snack while watching the show.I liked his use of the camera and screens to really show off his facial expressions which I thought added well to the show.  The only negative I had is some of the show seemed very "I'm the amazing David Copperfield".  The intro video talked about how he's the greatest magician ever and we watched a video of him performing one of his escapes.Overall, I felt that it was a very impressive show and a great way to spend an evening.
3	I'm a huge fan of magic and a huge fan of David Copperfield. I've seen this show 3 times in about the last 3 years. Twice in Las Vegas and once while in Virginia while he was on tour. The first two times were 4 or 5 star performances but this most recent performance last week was 2 stars at best.The magic was as good as ever but as much as it pains me to say it, his performance seemed 'mailed in.'  That said, it seems like the audience had a great time and since he was great the first two times, I'll just assume I caught him on an 'off' night. I would still recommend seeing him if he's playing while you're in town.
2	This guy's mailing it in at this point. He actually showed a video of a trick he did in the 90's. As if to say, "look how great I used to be." Too bad he's not too great anymore. He's just going through the motions out there.Also, The theater is run down. Reminded me of being on a cruise ship but not the main theater on the cruise ship, the other one where they just hold the arts and crafts class. I don't recommend.
3	Mediocre show with little shock and awe.  Not that much content all in all.  Several of the tricks were using technology, which is not 'magic'. Any. Awesome IT code can pull off mass cell phone responses.  I would not recommend.  If you have tickets, go, but if you are going to spend the money, see Phantom, or as a second, Love.
5	I'm a big fan of magic and this is one of the best shows I ever seen. He's a great magician you will be blown away with this show
1	The world's worst Magic show!!! Forget about saving your money, save your time!Once considered one of the greatest illusionists of our time, David Copperfield has finally hit rock bottom and has become tired, bored, and even more egotistical than one could imagine.  I am a HUGE fan of Magic and couldn't wait to see this show, I even got comped front row seats so this is a complete unbiased review.  here come the details:The entire first 30 minutes of his show is the worst part, you won't even see Copperfield during this time.  For the first 30 minutes of the show you are forced to watch poorly edited video clips from TV and movies that reference him or say the name "David Copperfield".  Can he be more egotistical?  Not possible!  (my advice, if you are attending this show, come 30 minutes late)Now when we think of Magicians, especially big stage magicians that perform huge illusions, one would expect to see at least 1....if not many....Beautiful female assistants.  Well guess what guys, David Copperfield has absolutely ZERO female assistants in his show (with the exception of the fat women he pulls from the audience temporarily) David Copperfield has succeeded in surrounding himself with an entire crew of males.  From stage hands to assistants, they are ALL MALES! (makes you kind of wonder)  Some magician. Ha!David Copperfield has become so lazy that he doesn't even perform the Straight Jacket Escape live on stage.....that's right people....he plays a video of himself performing this illusion from 1982!  (how lazy can you get??)  And while we are on the subject, that's not even his illusion, it was Houdini's.  Be original Copperfield, stay away from Escape magic.While watching him perform the few live illusions during his show, I couldn't help but notice the look of boredom on his face and the tired look in his eyes, even his body language says he is extremely bored and not into performing anymore (I would be bored also with all the lame illusions in his show) This is one show you do not want front row seats to, there is not much to see.Now to be honest, Copperfield does have 1 or 2 cool illusions but THAT'S IT!  The rest are lame and could do without, especially when he starts pulling obese tourists out of the audience to be part of his show, this alone just kills the entire show.  The prestige and mystic that was once affiliated with David Copperfield is now gone, his greatest illusion would be to bring all the missing elements back to his show and make it astonishing like it once was.  The bottom line:If you are visiting Las Vegas and have never seen any type of Magic show before in your life and are easily impressed, this show might be worth taking a look at.  Others who have been there, done that, save your time and money. Just wait it out and be entertained by the magician you hire for your child's next birthday party.  Enjoy!
2	Eh... He seems very conceited to me and without much to back it up. The show was more about him than his talent. If I had rated this when I saw it (a year and a half ago), I probably would have given it 3 stars and chalked it up to not being interested in magic shows. But after seeing Penn and Teller (which I gave a 4 star rating) a few months ago, I realized I DO like magic...I just don't like David Copperfield. The only pluses for me were that it was in the MGM Grand where I was staying and my boyfriend got to go up on stage as a volunteer.
5	My wife and I visited Las Vegas on our second honeymoon and, since she has always had a thing for Copperfield, I made a point to surprise her with tickets to a Saturday night show.  I've seen him on television before and have always been entertained, so we were both looking forward to it.  After an early dinner at Joel Robuchon, we took our seats at the Hollywood Theater to enjoy our show. When you sit down, there's a video screen asking you to email your names and locations, which then shows on the map.  The show starts off with a great motorcycle appearance act and stays strong from there. Copperfield makes himself shrink, conjures up a car and makes 12 people disappear. In between the stunts, there were a humorous magic tricks, a couple of heartwarming stories and a 5 minute video of Copperfield  performing a pretty crazy stunt from a few years back. My wife, in particular, enjoyed the bit with the jewelry wearing duck and laughed harder than I've seen in a while.  I have to admit, I had set my expectations high for this evening, and I was NOT disappointed. It was worth every single penny, and perfect in execution and design.  You really do pay for quality and this show delivered in every way. We had a great time, and my wife couldn't stop talking about the illusions on the plane home.  Copperfield is a definite reason to visit Las Vegas, and we will return very soon.  When we have children we will bring them to see Copperfield. (update 7/6/2012 we now have a child on the way) I hope Copperfield is still performing 10 years from now.
5	The first time I came to Las Vegas was in January 2011. What made my first night in Sin City amazing, was the David Copperfield show at MGMGrand.My friend got us tickets to the show and even front row seats. After being seated by the bouncer, we waited a bit for the show to start. Needless to say, the show was amazing and I was pulled up on stage twice.I even got the tissue rose that levitated and burst into flames to become a real rose. David Copperfield was a funny and awesome illusionist.
5	I loved the show!The tricks were great and you can tell that David is a seasoned performer. Great with improvisation and very mindful about making his audience a part of the show. No female assistants, but this didn't stray away from his performance. I was amazed and I'm sure you will be too. The best trick was when he made a dozen audience members disappear on stage then reappear toward the rear of the theater. For $50/per person, it was a great show. I would suggest seeing David instead of Criss Angel (I've see it and it SUCKS!).
2	On a whim, my husband and I bought tickets to see David Copperfield without first checking Yelp. It was David Copperfield, how could it be bad? Well, it was bad. The first 10 minutes of the show was a video of people praising David. I guess this is supposed to get the audience psyched... David then comes out on stage, does some tricks. They're pretty good, filled with levitating objects and disappearing items. Another 10 minutes of the show was spent on a video clip of some magic trick he did years ago. Poor quality, outdated clothes, and retro music, lovely. Finally, for his last trick, he called a whole row of people out of the audience up to the stage and proceeded to make them "disappear".What bothered me most about the show was the amount of video content. I payed $XX to see David Copperfield doing magic, not watch a movie about David Copperfield. It was really disappointing. Don't go to this show, just watch some of his old footage on youtube instead.
3	I got a note from someone who works at the show. Apparently they have updated the show and removed all the video content. So, it might be better than when I went last. :)
5	Personally, I'm puzzled by all the bad reviews of this show.  I've seen Copperfield twice, two years ago and then just last month.  Even though it was the exact same show this year as two years ago my wife and I still had a great time.  I've seen several magic shows in Vegas, including Penn & Teller and Lance Burton but to me Copperfield is still the best.   There's one incredible illusion where he makes a car appear on stage - that trick alone is worth the price of the ticket.
5	I am in awe! I haven't seen him before. I was worried that he would too old for keeping his show fresh and modern; but the worries were needless! It was very entertaining and he deserves to be a bit narcissistic!
4	Humor, legend, and magic...who could ask for anything more? I just barely convinced my friend to join me at the discount ticket booth as nostalgia bit me on the butt (hard) when I saw that Copperfield tickets were still available for that night. I grew up watching his specials and have always remembered him to be THE modern day illusionist. So I had to carpe diem on the chance to see him. The theater at the MGM theater is outdated and grimy, not much charm or luxuries to be had. We shared a table with a couple which was awkward. I hate to say it, but it looked kind of like an Early Bird special was-a-hatching as far as the crowd was concerned. But once the lights dimmed all that, I really enjoyed the show. David was very sarcastic and quick-witted. (When he later mentioned that he was from New Jersey, I quickly realized how he had come to be so clever). He incorporated a lot of audience participation and was quick to make fun of most of the volunteers whenever the opportunity arose. But I have to admit, some of the chosen participants left me wondering about the basic human intelligence factor and taking that as a given...(It shouldn't take someone more than 2 seconds to pick a number from 1-50 and a grown adult should probably know what the word iconic means...but I digress). If anything, it gave David the chance to showcase his biting sarcasm even more which I loved. I don't want to give away too much regarding the illusions and tricks but it got increasingly complex as the night rolled on. He even went over the show's time and was gracious with his audience. If you like disappearing audiences, randomly appearing cars, and disappearing ducks, check out this show!
5	I must have been living under a rock. Until December of 2010, I had never seen a David Copperfield show. Not on stage, not on TV. All I knew about David Copperfield was that he was a famous magician, he made the Statue of Liberty disappear, he dated Claudia Schiffer and he had a black mullet.In December of 2010, I made my second trip in my life to Las Vegas. We stayed at the MGM Grand where David performs and my mom, intensely curious to put a face to the name, insisted she wanted to see a David Copperfield show. We sat at the last row of tables toward the back. The theater is relatively small and cozy, so I could see the stage well enough. The lights dimmed and the show started with a video collection of all the times David Copperfield's name has been mentioned in popular media. As someone who knew nothing about David Copperfield, I enjoyed that video immensely. I must admit, it gets boring after the first few times but when I caught the show in August, all video content was gone so that is now a moot point.From the moment David appeared onstage on a motorcycle to the last illusion where he makes a group of people disappear and reappear at the back of the stage, I was enthralled. The illusions were filled with jokes and audience interaction. One of the things that impressed me was David's patience. Being Las Vegas, you get people from all corners of the world, some of whom don't speak English well or not at all. He threw a random frisbee and asked the person who caught it to pick two numbers. The audience member appeared to not speak any English and turned to his sons often for translation. I got a bit impatient for how long it took to come up with two random numbers. But David was patient and ready with a witty comeback when the guy picked 0 and 0. I've caught the show six times since in the past year. Except for one time when he appeared to be ill and looked like he would have rather been in bed with a hot water bottle, the show has always been phenomenal. David loves what he does, and that love shows in his performance.Go see this show! I saw "The Australian BeeGees" too the last time and as great as that show was (and I do recommend it), watching that made me realize just how much goes into the production of David Copperfield's show. It's on a whole other level. Other shows are meant to entertain you. David Copperfield's show is not only meant to entertain you, it also touches your heart and inspires you.
1	Don't waste your money or time.  First time ever seeing David Copperfield and was extremely disappointed.  He was very much indeed enjoying the glory.  He would say something funny (I'm not paying to see a comedian) and stand there to wait for the response from the audience.  He definitely loves himself.  The magic was okay but I found that most of the time he was distracting you to look at something else while he set up the magic.  I also feel like the majority of the audience members selected were sit-ins.  At least two of them were selected more than once.....what a coincidence.
3	Although i enjoyed this tremendously as my first magic show, i was disaapponted to find later that practically all the tricks are at least 5 years old and can be found online. Not only that, but seeing the slow motion duck trick video shows that indeed the audience member was planted there (as the person had same lines and same reactions as when i saw the show yesterday!!). Also, i was very disturbed that for the audience disappearing trick, i found out after talking to the lady on our table who had been chosen to go on stage, that after the show they had been threatened and told they would be legally liable if they said how they appeared at the rear of the theate!! Talk about dirty tactics!!
4	I just saw the show on Monday with the Mrs. and the 1/2 price bargain tickets, it was definitely entertaining. David was witty and fun to watch. The tricks were fun and made you think " how did he do that?". Overall the presentation was basic  and the tricks were fun. I think the theater was a bit outdated but serviceable.
5	We attended last night's show with our boys 7 and 8 and we all thoroughly enjoyed it!  We didn't have any expectations and were entertained the entire time. Copperfield is funny, the illusions were great, and the show kept moving from beginning to end. Yes there are a few video clips but for the geniuses that can't figure it out, there is probably a fair amount or set up that goes into the show and the short clips allow them to do that behind the scenes. We would recommend it, especially if you are looking for something to do with kids!
5	This show was amazing and we both had a blast.Many of the negative reviews no longer apply: they've gotten rid of the video tribute, & the show lasted a full 90 minutes, with CRAZY tricks!We LOVED the show!I don't care how he does it, the illusion is fabulous and truly enjoyable, and the audience participation was a hoot!
5	Great show and priced well. Sat in the front row for reasonable amount. The illusions are unbelievable and he is a great showman with plenty of entertaining dialogue with the crowd and smaller illusions to fill in time while his crew sets up the large illusions.
4	I never reviewed his show in the past, but I saw it back in 2005 the last time I was in Vegas.  I sat in the front row, so I had good seats.  Copperfield did many spellbinding acts.  I liked it and thought it was pretty entertaining.  The most memorable of his acts was transferring a whole section of the audience to another place, also placing himself on some beach on screen, but it was supposedly happening in real time.  At the end, Copperfield shook the hands of those sitting in the first row.  He's still performing now, so it's not too late to see him.
5	I grew up watching David Copperfield on tv with my family so he definitely holds a special place in my heart. I will always remember one particular trick where he had viewers at home go up to the tv to touch a card and then he guessed which card it was. How is that possible?!!The show didn't disappoint. To say the least it was magical. His act had a great variety of tricks big and small, I'm just saying at one point a CAR appeared on stage. I also loved the fact that he showed up in a super casual outfit, like he just rolled outta bed. Totally fine by me as he is after all a legend and oddly enough he was still kinda sexy haha. The best part is the tickets are affordable and as long as you book early it is possible to end up with a FRONT row seat like I did. At the end of the show he touched my hand and it still remains one of the highlights of my life. I promise you my life isn't sad, the experience was just that good! :)
5	can not believe that this show is not getting 5 stars from everyone that's ever watched it.  I just saw the David Coppefield show in Las Vegas last night.  Wowowowow.  All I can say was it was non-stop MIND BLOWING! The illusions had my daughter and my jaw on the floor throughout the entire evening.  My daughter was brought on to stage with 20 other audience members and in about 3 seconds disappeared and they all reappeared in the back of the auditorium about another 3 seconds later.  Go figure.  MInd blowing "mentalist" type illusions rounded out a once in a lifetime performance. He'd gets a 10 out of 10. This show is a must see for anyone heading out to Vegas. In fact, it's a reason to go to Vegas.
3	Pretty blunt and it looked cheap. Most of the illusions we've seen before. He is funny and all, but the tricks are old and so are the props are too, you've seen him appearing on the motorcycle and the car before, it's the same motorcycle and car. Except some special hatches in the floor there is no special amenity in the theater for this show, it looked so cheap. We really wanted to see this show since we've seen him on TV so many times, but if you only see one show in Vegas any Cirque de soleil show is better than this one.
1	OK - There are those who love this show - Given the exorbitant price for it (over $100), many can only afford to go to one and only one show.   They will love the audience participation moment of the show.  They will enjoy the car appearing in one Magic Act which will leave you wondering "how the heck did he do that".  But between his "I look so good" attitude, he just limps through his show.   he no longer enjoys doing it and he looks bored for most of it.   He lets the audience do most of the work and his talented stage crew; but as for David Coppefield - he has lost his edge.  And his show (if he had any other name) would have left the Vegas scene years ago.We may have been spoiled by seeing Penn and Teller the night before - simply excellent and they get better year after year.  They still care about the show.While David cares more about his fake image, then about the show.....so save yourself lots of money and go see Penn and Teller at half the price (many web sites such as Goldstar) offer tickets to that show.  The theater is nicer for Penn and Teller; the show is 10000 per cent better.....and you do not need to feel like you are left in the midst of a bad summer camp party - that is what David Copperfield has become and it would be so much better if he would just disappear in his magic group where he closes a curtain, makes people march to the back of the room; and the audience looks at flashlights for 10 minutes.  Well, people, the group just got up and walked out the back door to the back of theater.Save yourself lots of money and skip
5	I wanted to see a magic show.. the only other two I've seen in vegas so far was A. part of the "Vegas show" and B. Chris Angel...(a definate.. do not go)  So I guess this is the third magic show we've seen in Vegas ...  (wanted to see penn and teller but they were off).. Anyway. I was really impressed with the David Copperfield show. A number of the "tricks" he did were fairly simplistic "paper" type tricks.. but he did a number of fairly complex tricks too.. The thing that really sealed it for me was how much he involved and interacted with the audience. I would guess about 85 percent of the things he did involved random audience members... too cool ! If this show would have cost "a bundle" a doubt we would have went.. but at around 60 bucks.. it was a nice treat..
4	In honor of Valentine's Day, I shall write a review on my long lost Valentine, David Copperfield. The man that my 12 year old self used to fawn over, and the man that I told myself I'd go watch in person one day. Thanks to my boyfriend, I finally got the chance. YES! I checked it off my list of "things to do" before I leave this beautiful planet. And guess what? He's old. lol Yes, I know I should have expected this. People obviously grow older Jackie, what were you thinking? He'd still be the same super fine young lad 12 years down the line? I don't think so! hahaha I guess the 12 year old gal hidden inside of me still hoped to see my love as I remembered him... Anyway, on to the show. No pictures are allowed! Although, I did take a picture of the stage before the show started. We were in the first row towards the left of the stage:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/david-copperfield-show-las-vegas?select=icLl-A1Q6piPPRQnA4Q4xw#JC5jm5bs9RUMiEG4gGbvFQI also snuck a pic of my Hollywood Splash Drink. It was good, but I didn't taste any alcohol. In their defense, I never really do unless there's a significant amount involved. lolhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/david-copperfield-show-las-vegas?select=icLl-A1Q6piPPRQnA4Q4xw#Rq9TDzRKighIZBg-0AvUfQWe ordered popcorn with the drink and both items were tasty.As far as the actual show is concered, we enjoyed ourselves. I saw a couple of "tricks" that I remembered, which might bother some but I'm glad I got to see it in person. David is comical and very entertaining. I thought parts of the show were pretty cheesy, the kind of (cue the music) "follow your dreams," anything is possible "if you just believe," type of cheesy. Who knew David was such a cheese ball. Then again, I do LOVE cheese. lol I think it's good for the kids though. I apparently dug it a whole lot back then. Overall, I think it's worth the money if you're a fan and aren't expecting TOO MUCH out of it. If you're looking for "blow your mind, out of this world" type of entertainment, you should probably consider another show. Other than that, I had fun and it was a nice experience.Happy Valentine's Day!
5	I just got back from Vegas 2 days ago and saw David Copperfield on Thursday.  I must say, I wasn't 100% sure it was gonna be worth $130 per ticket.  I was wrong!!  It was amazing.  We were 4 rows from the stage in a half-circle booth, very comfy.  The theater is pretty small so it's intimate.  He goes into the audience quite a bit and asks for audience participation for almost every illusion.  He's also very funny and made it a comedy/magic show.  It was a great way to spend our last night in Vegas.
5	My boyfriend and I went to see the show. We were 3 rows up smack dab in the middle. Great seats! My boyfriend is an amateur magician so this was a big treat for him. A lot of the tricks were performed right in front of us and had us wondering, " how the heck did he do that right in front of us . At the end my boyfriend caught a ball and got to go up on stage where David copperfield made him and about 9 other people disappear from a platform. That was a neat illusion! After the show I had to literally beg my boyfriend how the trick was done. David asked the people not to give away the illusion. I got it out of him and I'm not telling anyone! Great show and worth the $91.
3	He's getting too old for his acts, you see a lot of what he did in his early years on a screen so that was sort of cool for a few minutes but also a waste of live magic time...tricks themselves were mediocre at best and have been used by many magicians, and many tricks take too long to finish such as predictions and disappearances. for the price of 100 I would say it is not worth it, see penn and teller instead for many more and better tricks and at the cost of 60 instead.Update 3/24/2013:I was told by a production crew member of the show that the pre-show video has been removed and also new illusions have been added since I last saw the show on March 2012.
5	I didn't grow up watching David Copperfield and never had much interest in magic shows. After last night, I am a believer! The whole show was amazing (yes, cheesy but well-aged cheese), and even better than the magic was David's showmanship and repartee with the audience. It was definitely entertaining if you let yourself enjoy and stop second-guessing.Note: Bought our tickets from Vegas.com, which was ~$25 more than Tix4less prices even after I found a retailmenot discount. The site also assigned sub-optimal seats to us (since I booked pretty late). However, after asking, the theater box lady upgraded us to awesome seats (section 1 row C middle). David even did a couple tricks in the audience near us!
3	My husband and I went to see this for our first Vegas show. First, I thought it was a little odd that we had to share a table with a couple we did not know and sat watching the show from a 90 degree angle. The magic tricks were good and the magician himself was good at selling it in a very theatrical way. In retrospect the drinks and popcorn were overpriced, but we got there early and wanted to munch on something. I liked it, but preferred other shows on the strip more.
5	David has always been on the cutting edge of technology. In the 80's he used video cameras to allow the audience to see close up magic in a stage setting. Now, he can do amazing stuff with social media, email and cell phones. David and his crew do so much within the audience, it sets the bar high for magic around the world. No longer is it big props, women and fans! Well, I guess 1. It's about the mind set if magic is real, what would audience members like to do? Love the new stuff and don't get me wrong, he still does some classic pieces too. Great story telling, great magic, must see!
4	I was a fan of David Copperfield from his TV showings. Despite all the reviews that mentioned of his going through motions and videos, I figured I should at least catch his show once before it goes away. It was a last minute decision an hour before the show through tix4tonight, so we got a back row. If I planned in advance, I would have paid more to sit in the front row. That said, the theater is small enough you get a decent view from the back.There was no video content any more. David Copperfield is definitely older now so there definitely a little less energy compared to his young self, but unlike other reviewers comments, I didn't feel like he was going through motions. The typical jokes from reacting to others names or how they speak are still there, and the illusions are still highly enjoyable. One knock is that there are many old tricks from previous TV specials but over all I still highly enjoyed it!It may be different than from half a year ago which is what many yelpers reviewed, and maybe David brings more energy now. I would highly recommend checking it out!
5	If you like magic and illusionist acts, you will find none better than the very entertaining David Copperfield show at the MGM Grand.  The show is very professionally produced in a small, intimate venue that is perfectly suited for the tricks and stunts.  Copperfield uses extensive audience participation, and he comes across as being fun and friendly.  Most of Copperfield's work is astounding and the show leaves you wanting more.  Drinks are available before and during the show.  However, the service was extremely slow and the waitress assigned to our table, who seemed stressed out, was not pleasant.  My advice is to skip the drinks, which were overpriced and not good.David Copperfield puts on a great show at a reasonable cost, and it is highly recommended.
3	The show was ok, since it's in our hotel we thought we'd save the taxi ride.  For the price that we paid...I thought it was just ok, would I do it again if I can choose again? No.  For about 2 hours, you only see like 3 real tricks, the rest all fillers...lots of little things, lot of story telling...but the tricks that we did see were amazing.
5	I've been a big fan of Copperfield all my life. I haven't seen his show in over 10 years. I'm so glad I went to see it in Vegas. The show is so well done. It's really a masterpiece. David does some incredible new magic and also does some of his greatest hits. One is the car that appears in mid-air above spectator's heads that he brings up on stage! Just sensational! Don't miss this living legend!!!
4	Excellent show!
3	Ok, so this is a tough one. With all that leads up to the show, the giant statue stating hes the best magician in the world, the short videos of him on stage with women and fans blowing through his epic hair, I was expecting just that but this was just WEIRD and NOT any of that.I was expecting a huge stage with crazy, cheesy, dramatic magic tricks but what I got was a tiny stage with weird small tables where you sit with 2 other strangers. At least I got the cheesy part. It felt like a lounge. David is OLD, they need to do some serious updating on those mini videos they play around Vegas advertising his show because it is NOT what theyre showing.Now, even though it was NOT what I expected, the fact that David is SO ODD made me totally entertained. I was facinated by him, and the fact that you could tell he was tired and just going through the motions... THAT is the part that entertained me, not the magic.SO.. if you want to be weirded out and completely confused by this mans odd personality go for it.... if you want to be amazed go see a Cirque Du Soleil show.
5	We saw David's show on Monday night, and were blown away by it!  The last time we saw him was about 2 yrs ago, and there have been many changes in his show since then.  Everything about the show was better!......  We especially loved the Balloon routine he did.  It was pure magic.  Also, a person levitating over the audience was unreal.....  He also did an amazing new (technology based) illusion that blew us all away!If magic is what you want to see, then this IS the show for you!  Copperfield is the best magician of all time.
4	My girlfriend and I thought the show was great. It was really entertaining, and if you're fascinated with magic and illusions, you'll love the show. David Copperfield knows how to involve the audience and has a great sense of humor.There were only two, slight downsides. I wish the theater/seats were better. I sat at a table with chairs near the stage, and they aren't positioned very well, so you might need to turn your head/body away from the chairs back rest. However, if there is room, you can move the chair so it's easier to sit directly facing the stage. They are 'doable' but I would love to have been in a theater with better seating. This doesn't take away from the quality of the show, though.The next was the fact that the drinks were really weak! We ordered their 'large' size, premium drinks, and they were really watered down.Overall, a great show!
4	A legend!  Good sense of humor with good story telling. Enjoyed the audience participation.  Good variety of "tricks" but would of liked one or two "bigger tricks".
4	Saw this in May 2013 and really enjoyed it. He is a smart ass and was very entertaining on his own. Quite a bit of his show really left us wowed and wondering!
5	Don't listen to the naysayers. Yelpers are the toughest critics out there. The fact remains is David Copperfield is the best magician of all time. Period. Does he go through the motions like so many other reviews state? I guess I never saw David when he was younger, but it certainly didn't seem that way to me. Negative reviews about the theatre are just silly, it hurts the score of the show. The venue isn't bad it's a typical Vegas showroom. Get there early or you won't get served though and aim for a spot somewhere in the middle if you'd like to be involved in the show ( I was in two acts in one night). They throw out giant balls to prove the volunteers aren't staged (they aren't) and the best likelihood of catching one is by sitting in the middle. My girlfriend was involved in the final act-- which will blow your mind (making a handful of audience members disappear). The Internet is wild with rumors on how this one is done, but no one has the truth and hopefully no one ever will. David is an incredibly charismatic man and a genius in the craft. His charity work and his collection of magic make me envy this guy. He's still a good looking guy and you won't find a more mind blowing experience anywhere. Has he lost his edge? No. There is a reason he is the highest selling solo artist of all time- because he is the king of magic. Half off tickets can be found at Tix 4 Tonight, I bought mine full price. If you've never seen Copperfield, do not miss this opportunity. Like the ones who can say they saw Ruth play, or saw The Beatles play, you will be able to say "I saw David Copperfield" and in 50 years- that will be a pretty special thing. I guarantee it.
5	We attended the 4:00 showing and we were simply amazed! Lots and lots of audience participation. I do not agree with the reviews of him going through the motions - I read all those before and almost chose not to go but I am go glad I decided to go! You will leave just astonished and wanting to see more! Loved it! Highly reccommend the show :)
3	Of the various magician shows I've seen around Vegas, this one was decent. But it wasn't great. In fact, even with the discounted Tix4Tonight tickets, I'm not sure it was worth the cost.The theatre is set-up in classic Vegas-style. It's small tables and half-booths. No drink minimum, but servers do come around offering way over-priced drinks ($9 for a beer) and snacks (popcorn and M&Ms).I was entertained and wasn't constantly waiting for it all to be over. But there were a lot of awkward moments - from the jokes that fell flat, to the weird facial expressions, to the Holocaust references, to his grandfather who didn't support him. It was just awkward and weird at several points. And the jokes were totally inappropriate for the audience - don't bring kids here.Most of the illusions were good. Some were totally "how'd he do that?!". Others were boring and ho-hum.Overall, I had a good time, but I was expecting so much more. It's a worthy show, but there are better shows for a lesser cost.
5	I had a lot of expectations when coming to see the Copperfield show and when we got closer and saw he was granted the title "King of Magic" I was even more intrigued than I was before. And I can honestly say that my expectations from the show were more than met but were exceeded! I would first like to point off right away that even though this is a Vegas show this isn't a show meant to entertain you but alter your perception about what we call reality. He is an illusionist after all. Every illusion was a jaw dropping and only closed it when he would crack an inpromtu joke about some audience member (great sense of humor and this is the entertaining part of the show if you're looking to be entertained). Copperfield really knows how to do magic and gets the audience really involved in many of his acts. So if you want to be a part of his awesome illusions then you better be good at catching frisbees or giant inflatable balls ;) Overall it was the greatest highlight for my first trip to Vegas and never had the urge to look at my watch or wonder when the show was going to end. Copperfield is not only entertaining by his jokes and wonderful anecdotes but knows how to rock your perception to do seemingly impossible magic in seemingly impossible conditions but Copperfield manages to do so and with wonderful outcomes!
5	by far the best show on the strip.
4	This was an entertaining show.  I enjoyed the theater and the performance.  Not a bad show to checkout while in Las Vegas
3	Pretty good show. Funny guy though at times I feel like I can tell he's been doing it for 30 years and its getting old for him. Worth seeing if you haven't seen a professional illusionist before.  He does things like make entire vehicles appear on stage. Even though I worked out how he did it hehehe....
3	i saw his act when i was little and i thought it was great so i decided to go again and it was kinda the same thing as i remember when i was little. he did almost the same tricks and told the same stories but it was still entertaining. i would have liked it better though if he had use different ppl for his tricks. the same few people kept going on stage and it made me wonder if they was part of the act or something.
3	This is the 1st professional stage Magic show I've seen in my life and performed by the greatest and the most popular Magician of our generation,  said Oprah Winfield.  I probably agree with her since I heard of him since I was a little kid.  Perhaps I should use "Was" the Greatest magician.  I had a pleasant time since this is the first Vegas show I saw when I arrived in Vegas.  I was loaded with high expectations and hopes to be a spectaular show since it's DAVID COPPERFILED'S SHOW.  Well, guess the higher I expect, the more I disappoint like many cases in life.  Many of the plays and tricks were kind of predictable and bore.   Most of us probably saw him performed the same trick on TV for 30 years.   We have to give him standing ovations for his eagerness and love for his astornishing career.  Honestly, for the price closes to $100 ea and the lousy designed seats;  it really doesn't worth to watch for a second time.
4	Saw this show twice and enjoyed it each time. David Copperfield is a great performer and entertainer and the cost is worth it.  Only thing is I wish it were a little longer show; about an hour and ten minutes.  Each time we went, we were seated all the way in the back, but after tipping the concierge, we ended up with seats in the front! Kind of scary, though, as Copperfield asks for volunteers to come on stage and people up front usually get picked! My wife had to go up the first time and we escaped being picked the second time! All in all, a great show in a great city!
4	David Copperfield is a cool dude!The venue is the only thing that slightly detracts from this show.  Its a bit cramped, and a bit outdated, but you dont go to a magic show for the venue...David is hilarious.  He has a fantastic sense of humor, and doesnt miss a beat.He does a great job of involving the audience, especially for his bigger tricks.The tricks are very original, I didnt notice any variations that I had seen before.Drinks are obviously a bit expensive, but alcohol makes the magic that much better. ;)If you are looking for a solid magic show without alot of other gimmics or filler content... then check out Dave!
1	I truly wished I read the reviews for this show before we purchased tickets! It was HORRIBLE. My husband and I came to the show for our anniversary and sat at one of the tables right next to the stage upfront. BTW they were the WORST seats in the house even though they were the most expensive! From our seats we could 'see' how he pulled off a few tricks because David is so old and lazy with his show. Seriously, the show was more of him trying to be funny and showing off his 'good looks' than about magic. He looks NOTHING like that huge poster hanging on the front side of MGM.One of his assistants came midway through the show to have my husband hold up a phone they handed him to play off as his own phone. He didn't even volunteer, he was volunTOLD. This is why they are all wearing black, duh!.....major mood kill! We ended up getting a refund from his manager after the show for a nonrefundable show! She didn't even put up a fight over not refunding us. So a lot of people must ask for refunds?Anyways I highly suggest you see another show or magician on the strip. Preferably someone who is still passionate about what they are doing and wants to entertain you, unlike Mr Copperfield!
2	I was truly excited to see David Copperfield but when the show started it was very slow and boring.  Some of the "illusions" were not very good and you could clearly tell how he pulled them off.  There was a little bit of comedy that made the show a little better and a couple tricks that were interesting Plus for the prices we paid for the tickets it was truly not worth it I would not recommend this show to anyone especially for the price they want
1	Went to see David last night at 9:30 show was slow and lacked energy. It seems David is past his prime and his best trick of the night was swindling me out of $200 for me and my wife to attend. Honestly the lady next to me fell asleep 10min into it. The hall needs renovations and so does the illusions. Save your money see something else
2	Let me start by saying that there is no question about whether David Copperfield is talented. He sure is. He also pulls off some great illusions. However, I don't know if people have just lost their sense of wonder in magic or if the show just needs to be redone. After he does a trick, people are not sure whether they are supposed to cheer which makes for an awkward experience. It's really strange that there is a DJ that seems to press a cheering audience button to cue the audience to cheer. He has a good amount of audience participation which makes the show more interesting.I'd say this show is probably better for kids except it includes several off color jokes that probably doesn't make it the best for young kids. Overall the show is okay but my dad and I both kept wondering when the show would end while watching.
1	I attended the 7 pm show on Sunday, September 22nd with my 12 year-old daughter.  We were both excited to see this great illusionist.  Unfortunately, we both exited the show underwhelmed to say the least.  My daughter enjoyed the New York New York rollercoaster more.  All his tricks were 20 years old with nothing new and exciting.  At the start of the show, he made an audience member reappear from near the front row close to where we were sitting in the sixth row.  As Copperfield did his magic with a sheet over the audience member, this guy literally came flying past our table on his hands and knees to jump up right next to our table.  I was stunned at what I had just witnessed.  It is clear, Copperfield is squeezing all he can out of this Vegas gig and using the MGM and Vegas PR machine to overhype his show.  He clearly has made millions and has no interest in staying cutting edge and fresh.  2 tickets ($240) equals big disappointment.  You'd be better off seeing one of the other Vegas magicians for a lot less and who probably have the hunger and passion that David Copperfield once had.
5	Was a magical night, David Copperfield put on an amazing show which was nothing less than spectacular. I'd definitely go again.
3	It was just ok. He is a little old and lacking energy. I felt that he was trying to be more a comedian than a magician
5	David Copperfield is such an incredible illusionist that I am not completely convinced that he is of this world. He may have slowed down a bit, but his show is as awe-inspiring as ever. For those who feel that he was not impressive, I can only conclude that you were not paying attention to what was happening around you.  He truly is Magician of the Century for a reason.  My husband and I were each selected to participate in different illusions, and at no point could we determine what in fact he was doing even from the stage. I would highly recommend David Copperfield to anyone who enjoys magic and I am eager to see him again.
5	During our recent visit to Vegas we tried to get tickets same day for the show and were lucky... We had seen him in NYC years ago and loved him then. He is better than ever, a must see. Great family entertainment. He is even on the cutting edge with the use of social media. Again awesome!
3	When the show started I was so excited. It still ended up being fun, but I felt like there wasn't as much big illusions as I was expecting, and in between the show did a little corny. The music he plays tries to tug at your heart strings too much in a way that makes the show too cheesy. It's like he's trying too hard to win you over from an emotional angle. Hd does do some great illusions, but the smaller things in between could be made more exciting and less cheesy. I'm still glad I went, but for the price, you can do bettwr in Vegas. You're really just paying for the big name.
3	The show was a little bit short with a rush ending.... I actually saw the audience running from the stage to the audience...
4	This is best magic show I've been to here in Vegas. I've seen Cris Angel and Penn & Teller and I found David Copperfield to be very innovative and I had a lot of "oh wow" moments! My whole family loved it. There was a lot of audience participation and tricks actually done out in the audience which kept us really engaged. The theater is smaller so it keeps things more intimate. I loved his tricks- I didn't find them old or outdated. There is also waiter service for food and drinks. I found this a little distracting because our waitress kept walking in front of us to deliver food items.Overall great family night and cool magic tricks
1	Terrible show. Awful music. Only 3 good tricks. Wayyyyyyy overpriced for what you get. Better off watching this crap on TV
4	I do not get the bad reviews at all. I found David Copperfield's show to be excellent! I feel like when he was really making a name for himself in the 90's he was so serious and buttoned up. Now that he's older and in residence in Vegas, he's totally chilled out. He's witty, delivering hilarious dry humor, laid back - he just seems so much more comfortable and relaxed. I found him to be charming, funny, and an expert at his craft. The magic itself is a mixed bag - some tricks were kinda silly and old school but some tricks seriously knocked my socks off. I have NO IDEA how he pulled some of the illusions off. No idea at all. Still, I enjoyed the old school tricks and David put his spin on them to make them entertaining. No complaints at all about the show and I would totally recommend it to anyone!
3	I hate to say this, but I think the internet has "ruined" something about "magic" for me. Don't get me wrong, the illusions that David pulled off were TOP NOTCH! I kept wondering "How in the?", but I think that may be part of the problem... Maybe I'm too old? (32) or maybe it's just a lack of naivety... but I couldn't suspend my disbelief. I know they're illusions... so I want to know how they're done. I found myself wondering "Is this the last trick?" because I was getting bored... not so much because his tricks were boring, but probably because I could have found more interesting thing on YouTube. You can flame me all you want for this review and say "You have ADD" but I know I'm not alone. David, if you're reading this review (doubtful) I want you to know your story involving your father and the car... that was unbelievably touching to the point where I almost shed a tear. That was by far my favorite illusion because of the back story. Is this show worth seeing? That depends... are you able to suspend dis-belief? I guess I've lost that ability. Magic shows are great as was his humor... it's just "A-Ok" in my book.
1	We saw the David Copperfield show last week and it was weak.  The so-called illustions were lame and the random audience participation is not random.  We found it to be not worth the money.  It's a whole lot of him grand standing.  The skit about the thing from outerspace was dis-jointed and boring.  We were anxious to leave, we were a party of 6 and no one was entertained.
5	He is the GOD of magicians. Knows how to entertain, knows how to mesmerize his audience, even someone like me who is one of the most scrutinizing viewer of illusion. I got my ticket last minute from half-off store, paid $20 less. I was at the door half an hour before to avoid crowd. Got my seat on 2nd section, which was little back but not bad. He was very entertaining, I have no idea how he does that. After the show, he asked us not to write detailed review about his tricks, I will respect that. But he managed to disappear 13 people at once, that was my highlight (sorry David, I guess I have to give a little detail). Money good spent, it was a must see show.
1	Sorry guys but in my opinion this show is not worth your time or money.  The audience seating is awkward, my husband and I were seated at a table against a wall so I was sitting at an angle the whole time with my knees pushing against the wall.  Secondly I grew up seeing some of his amazing tricks on tv so I was expecting this show to be grand and wow me but the stage was small and the tricks did not wow. Don't get me wrong some of the tricks he did were fun to watch but I was expecting much more. Thirdly it was quite evident to me that this guy is sick and tired of doing this act day in and day out.  I also found him to be impatient and condescending with the audience. He pulls people out of the audience to participate in his tricks and was very clear (in a condescending tone) that you needed to speak/understand English, he repeated this many times so he didn't end up with a foreigner who couldn't understand him. Go see a cirque du soleil show instead you will not be disappointed.
5	Copperfield is, dare I say it ... Unbelievable! Pros:1. Showmanship. 2. Crowd participation.3. Good story telling to frame illusions.4. Unexpected good sense of humor. 5. Excellent trick to honor parents. 6. Probably best Vegas family show.7. Extra Work in Progress tricks during matinee show.Cons:1. I'm still trying to think.Magic is meant to be enjoyed. Problems of society like Homelessness and Poverty are meant to be analyzed and solved.Thanks David!
5	Still amazing after all these years. Love all the audience participation. Still trying to figure out how he does it
3	The Vibe: You can make this event into a date night, or a family night, or a bachelorette night, or...almost anything night!!  Copperfield provides some great dry humor that is VERY funny when you're tossed like a salad due to alcohol consumption.  Who would have thought?  It's not a cheap show though, so for the price, I was slightly not amused.  Nonetheless, expect a light-hearted affair and save some bucks by drinking before the show.  Finally, expect tourists from other countries to be here.  Not a bad thing since it makes for great conversation!!  Its cocktail table seating, so it seems like a dinner show!!  Alas, it's not.The Attire: dress up, dress down, dress in any way you want or your date wants you to dress like.  You will fit in since the crowd is a hodgepodge of ethnicity and contexts.Consider: The price.  It's a magic show and you will probably be baffled but not totally entertained.  For the same price, you get get into a nice night club, have a nice dinner, or opt for another show.  But if you are stuck on deciding for a large group, consider this as an inexpensive option that will do the trick.  BUT Vegas does better shows elsewhere.I guess I'm not a fan of magic?
5	The wife and I both grew up watching David Copperfield and finally got a chance to see him perform live back in January front row, right of stage seating.  Neither my wife or I believe in magic and understand its illusion ect, but we were both amazed with the show from beginning to end.   My wife and I looked at each other many times wondering how he did that.He is a true entertainer regardless of real /fake and throws a little humor and story telling at the audience on occasion. There is crowd participation (not sure if its set up).  If its not setup and they were picked at random, the wow factor is even greater.We didn't spend a lot of time trying to figure out how he did what he did,  we just enjoyed the show for what it was and left very happy having a chance to see him live.David Copperfield is a true Legend at what he does.
5	Classic Vegas at it's best! David gets right in there with the audience and brings them into the show. The story telling and lead up to the illusions keep you engaged. I was surprised at his humor and thought it an added bonus to the show. Adults and children will enjoy the show and after all the guy is a legend. I highly recommend!
5	This is real magic.  I know people think he is a tired act, but he is the originator.  Houdini did great things, but Copperfield is the showman of our time.  Amazing tricks...funny jokes...touching moments about his childhood (especially the story about his father).  I will not give away too much.First...the dude looks like he is in his 20s.  That right there is magic.  Second...he doesn't talk with a lisp and tell stupid jokes *cough* Criss Angel *cough*Third....his tricks are not overly produced.  He doesn't have a ton of smoke and mirrors and crazy lights *cough* Criss Angel again *cough*.  He does the stuff right in front of you.  I am talking right next to you in the audience...somebody levitated.  I know it is a trick, but that is an entertaining trick.Fourth...he likes to use attractive women from the audience to help him.  He has some kind of hotness detector that spots these women.  I am always hoping that as part of the trick he makes something pop out that shouldn't pop out.  I have seen him 3 times now and no such luck.Fifth...the room he performs is tiny.  You are right next to him.  You can tell he has done this and perfected it for a long time.  You can tell he has respect for his craft.Sixth...he makes fun of himself some.  This is a bit refreshing because most magicians seem to think they are mystics and actually have powers *cough* Criss Angel *cough* *big cough* David Blane *big cough*.Seventh...he tries new stuff.  You can tell he gets bored with the same old tricks, which is why if you have seen him once then you need to see him again.  You will see new stuff.  The entire show will not be new but you will see new tricks that are amazing.  Also, it is a reasonably priced show and according to my wife it looks saucy to post on facebook that we saw David Copperfield.
4	Greats: 1. Use of special effects.2. Use of lights.3. Stories.4. Jokes.5. Use of audience.6. Arrangement of the theater.7. Use of duck. hahaha8. Use of audiences' cellphones.Boos:1. How some tricks keep me head scratching. lol2. How some tricks were mind blowing.3. Expensive foods and drinks.TICKET PRICE WORTH EVERY PENNY!
4	Very Good show.  His illusions were sweet and he was also funny.  The show is really funny if most of the people he picks don't speak much english then you will be laughing pretty hard.  He picks a decent amount of people to go up stage for tricks.  The theatre i thought would be big but it isn't that big especially compared to Penn and Teller. Every seat there is pretty close to the stage. A bad part is the ticket pricing for the show will set you back over 100 dollars.  A definitely must see.
4	Absolute pro. That's why he's David Copperfield...the guy makes every other magician seem like a birthday party clown.This is probably my 8th "magic" show to attend in Vegas and besides Penn & Teller, he's the only other entertainer whose tricks I just can't figure out and he does it on a larger scale than them...some of his stuff is utterly impossible...and when you think that a magic trick has run flat, like, "eh, I know how he does that, it wasn't that great"...another element comes into play that just completely throws a WTF twist in...like those arm bands they pass out to the audience...put it on and see what happens for one of his tricks.One of the drawbacks, I'd have to say on the night we went was that probably 75% of the audience were from other countries so some of the volunteers he picks don't understand English that well and it's like "Damn, I just want to see the #$% trick"...not his fault but it disrupts the flow of the show sometimes...but that's only a credit to him being a worldwide draw...people from all over Europe were there...but Copperfield plays into it well when he has a foreigner up there and is witty and sharp and kind of makes fun of the fact that they gave a dumb answer or seem clueless as to what is going on.Many people's reviews said he seemed tired and burnt out...I didn't feel that way...and I saw him back in 1988 in New York...more than 25 years later, the guy still has it, great showmanship as always.Penn and TellerDavid CopperfieldDavid BlaineBest in the world. That's it....and we still can't figure out the finale at the end. Just mind blowing.TIP: Don't buy a drink before the show when you are seated...I think my buddy paid close to $25 for 2 bud lights. Copperfield has half a billion dollars and owns private Islands...don't feel bad if you aren't generating a percentage of his take on alcohol sales.
2	I was somewhat disappointed and underwhelmed.  While he definitely does some amazing illusions I would rather see Penn and Teller - which we have.  Besides the seating being somewhat awkward as with the tables you really need to move chairs around just to have a good angle.  Also for the $$ I would rather have more illusions and less of him talking and taking forever to get participants from the audience.  At least 1/2 the show was spent doing that.
4	OK so after going to the nightmare which is criss angel I needed to be magically redeemed. I had never seen copperfield before. I liked his show very much. I liked his presence on stage,he came across as genuine and friendly.Unlike angel who is a preening ass. and his show sucks badly. anyways,back to copperfield. He did some great tricks and he had a really nice piece on a bit of fantasy and his father was really nice and not what you might expect from a show of this type. I will say that they did have table service which feels like going back in the time machine to dinner shows,they didnt serve dinner but as you know today you dont get jack at these shows. The only other thing i can say is that the theatre is dated and is in need of a revamp.Otherwise it was a nice evening.Hakkasan for dinner and copperfield for entertainment. Life is good ! :)
4	The entire family had a great time. He was really good (but too much melodrama - with his dad, the alien, etc.; could have used the time to do more magic).
1	I have to agree with the review below by Amber.  I was surprised to find that the David Copperfield I saw, maybe 15 years go, is NOT the same as he was.  I took my son who is 11 years old to see him this past Tuesday.  I thought it highly inappropriate that David Copperfield was talking very obvious sexual innuendos when it is pretty apparent there were a bunch of kids in the audience.  And the show itself has gone downhill as well.  I remember loving the show years ago.  But I was bored... the little alien was boring and borderline stupid too.  David Copperfield needs to do more magic instead of talking or perhaps it's time he retired.
4	I loved this show very good and fun. I loved the audience interaction. The show was a perfect length and his magic was super. I wish he traced the country so I could bring my kids to see him   He is so amazing a must see show in Vegas!!!
2	David Copperfield reminded me of the character played by Steve Carell in The Incredible Burt Wonderstone.  (If you've never seen the movie Netflix it and you'll see what I mean)  A guy who probably used to be brilliant once and who is now just going through the motions because the money is too good to leave.  But now he's just bored doing the same thing night after night and it shows.I saw yesterday's matinee and David obviously had a cold or the flu.  His voice was raspy and he looked feverish.  On the plus side I suppose the guy deserves praise for soldiering on with the show when some performers would have just cancelled.  On the other side I'm kind of disappointed I've never seen this guy perform before and then I don't get to see him at his best even though I paid full price.  As other reviewers have also noted he's also like 20 years older than his picture on the side of the building.  My wife still thinks he looks good for his age however.  Also can someone explain to me why Chris Angel gets scathing online reviews, Copperfield still gets generally positive ones, yet they perform some of the exact same tricks?  Is the only reason that Angel is a preening narcissist and Copperfield tries to be more down to earth?In 90 minutes I saw maybe two or three good tricks, the rest just left me kind of bored.  I probably would have loved this show 30 years ago as a teenager, but college educated adults over 30 can figure out how most of the tricks are done.  Perhaps that's why half his audience seems to be people from other countries who don't speak Enlish.  I guess I'm just not the target audience for illusionists anymore, although I still like Penn and Teller.  Maybe the internet has ruined magic shows, I don't know.  Oh well, that's Vegas I guess.  Sometimes you win and sometimes you lose.
4	Recently seen his show and I've had a chance to watch him as a 10 year old kid as well. I guess you can say the nostalgia factor in watching David was more than worth it as it was a very fond memory of my father taking me to see him in Atlantic City some 14 years odd ago. Oh and he was one of the guys that "disappeared" at the end. Also got a autographed picture of him too.. time goes by way too fast. Some of the tricks performed were classic D.C and things I did see as a kid too... the "numbers" trick, the duck, rose and finale are all the marquee numbers. And just like 14 years ago.. I still have no clue how he did them. You know you are a great magician when you ask your friends how certain things were done and in the end.. everyone is still completely baffled. I enjoyed his newer material and thought that his use of social media into his magic is pretty neat for the 2010-and up-crowd. David's does come off as douch-ish but to be fair he uses it well with his persona and it creates great comedic moments with guests, especially with the foreign folks. He knows he's great.. even legendary so even subtle things like his timing, facial expressions would only work with someone of his stature. I had a great time laughing at his douch-ey jokes.I guess much of the criticism lies in his "fuel" to still put on a great show night and night out all year long in the same venue. I would naturally say that it's no different than our normal daily lives when we go to work every day and sometimes put in energy that is less than what we are definitely capable of. Then again, we aren't all entertainers and master magicians like David Copperfield so perhaps our work output can be forgiven if it doesn't include mystifying hundreds of guests a night. I did notice he sometimes rushes through his dialogue which does tell sign that he may be going through the motions. Energy wise is moving a lot less than his former self but age and a million shows can sure do that to anyone. Only real annoyance is the servers blocking the views of the audience while taking and handing out orders and the sound system was pretty weak. Several times a night D.C.'s mic would have a faint feedback. They need to seriously invest in getting surround sound because all of the audio came from the front and was not as loud to where I was sitting. To wrap up this review I thought David is still a phenomenal performer with many more years to go. Even if some of his tricks are the same ones he's performed for decades they still have a lot of that magic that will spark an after meal discussion. I'd recommend him over any of the magicians on the strip.
3	we went to his live show on 5/2 at 7pm.. it's a tables setting type of deal cuz they do a beverage/a couple snacks service throughout the show.. so we were in row C close to the wall, and DC did a lot of stuff close by w/in viewing distance in my particular row which was really cool, being so up close and personal w/ a 'celeb' like that . we've been really impressed w/ our seating from vegas.com. we were worried cuz we don't know the seating til we get the tix in person and everything ended up being close enuf. my husband's not a fan of magic stuff so he left mid show to go smoke and whatnot.. i just enjoyed my shirley temple and the magic/stunts that DC did for us.. the guys that were placed next to me tho were annoying, i guess they didn't like their original seats so they complained to get closer and wound up next to me.. but the guy next to me was soooo loud and obnoxious! personally, i wanted to go see DC cuz i remember watching his tv specials when i was a kid, and my dad took us to go see his live show back then too. and w/ my dad's death anniv on may 31st, i thought it was really fitting.. to add to it, turns out DC involved his late dad in his show a lot too so it was particularly touching.. part of me wondered tho if he was doing it cuz he actually misses his parents or if it's to exploit his personal loss for financial gain? idk, i just got that impression a bit.. but for me, it was still partially heartfelt. i just don't think i'd have included my late parents in the way he did w/ his father. he did his usual of making stuff appear and disappear (including audience members as the finale lol), and he also did a classic mini magic trick of making a paper crumbled into a ball and making it dance lol, and then he turned it into a paperish rose, then a real rose! i remember him doing this move back in the day and i think it was still the same background music, so i really appreciated seeing that bit in person :))).. basically everything he did had audience members involved as participants/witnesses that everything is legit.. he also did a few special moves involving technology lol, like a magical email (i couldn't do the email cuz i don't have internet on my phone, yeah i know, what's wrong w/ me?! lol) and he did a trick w/ a wristband involved (i kept it as a souvenir)... anyhow, it was about 85% magic filled which i appreciated... another thing tho, DC was seemingly impatient w/ audience members not following his instructions fast enuf and like all magicians, he feeds off of applause and praise from the audience, so there was a lot of milking that. oh i almost forgot the BEST part! ****HE TOUCHED MY HAND**** when he ran by my row!!! i couldn't believe it! i thought i'd be one of the unlucky who reach out for their hand and they miss it! DC is the 1st and likely only celeb to ever make physical contact w/ me and it was AWESOME! ah well, as a partial tribute to my dad, i can say i saw DC in person again, cuz yeah last time was when my dad was still alive.. after reading others' reviews online tho, i get the feeling that the participants/witnesses are fake, some stuff mentioned in the reviews was all too familiar ://// so that burst my bubble a tad... still, i wonder how he does the stuff he did.
5	I thought it was pretty damn good, he really does a lot with the audience, he pulls a lot people on stage. Worth seeing!!
2	We went to see the late show on Saturday night.   While some of the illusions were definitely amazing, the overall show seemed tired and copperfield did not seem very engaged or excited to be there  (which I guess I should have expected from someone who does the show 2x per night for so many years) It was okay, but with the quality of other shows on the strip, I would recommend that you try something else.
5	Went here recently mainly because of the fact there wasn't any other shows I wanted to watch. Ok now I remember from years ago when he used to do specials on TV so I wanted to see him live. Was it worth it HELL. YES. The show wasn't cheap but it was great 2 hour distraction from losing all my money at the tables. Well worth the time and effort. Wouldn't do it twice but loved it the first time.
4	I really enjoyed his performance and his interaction with the audience was terrific. I was fortunate enough to be called on stage to help with one of the illusions. Very very cool. Every time I thought I knew what was going to happen, something else would happen. Simply just sit back and enjoy the show. Didn't hurt our seats were 3 rows back, center!I will say this, he did appear much older than his promo photo all over the strip :)
5	Don't agree with these other reviews on here but... The legend David Copperfield was great! Great showmanship, a lot of audience interaction, and was quite funny at times.The only strange part was this alien bit that he did. You have to see it for yourself but....different and interesting nonetheless.My wife and I had great seats. There really is no bad seat in the room. He still performed tricks that really make you wonder how the hell did he do that! I definitely recommend this show to anyone who has yet to see it.
2	He has a few tricks that are quite awesome, but most of the show was a drag. I was really bored most of it. He builds up a magic trick for 30 minutes only to have the reveal to be one of those "your answer is exactly what I wrote down on this piece of paper before the show!" The show wasnt the worst but definitely not worth the amount we spent. And the alien bit everyone mentions...is really...freaking...weird. I understand new social media tricks are needed to stay current and try to be fresh but it is REALLY awkward, cringe worthy awkwardness. Unless you really want to, I advise seeing a different show.
5	The dude is a total dick but the show is a blast!
5	I was really impressed with how funny David Copperfield was. He cracked jokes throughout the entire show. Most of the show consists of making stuff appear and disappear. Along with the jokes, that kept my attention for 90 minutes, and my wife and I enjoyed the show more than any other we saw on the strip, including Jersey Boys.
5	David is the shit ... Don't listen to any of the bad reviews !!! Incredible show great for adults and children !!! Worth every penny if you got it spend for better seats if not .... Really not a bad seat in the house !!!
2	David is a lecherous schmuck. All the dirty jokes coming from dirty grandpa have got to stop. The illusions were great but the schtick    was pretty tasteless. Annoyed amazed annoyed. If that's what you want that's what you'll get.
5	This is the first review I've written on yelp..solely because I wanted to say what I think of this show. I think I am unbiased and I have no history with seeing David copperfield in the past so I can't comment on seeing previous shows or being nostalgic and whatnot..I am a new resident to vegas and I've seen cirque's ka at the MGM twice and la reve at the Wynn as well as various "touristy" things such as the hoover dam, titanic exhibit and bodies at the Luxor, walking the strip, Fremont, etc..This show was AMAZING! I had goosebumps after a lot of the tricks. The music only added to the effects and he was very personable during the show and there was lots of audience interaction-he even touched my hand! There was a weird bit with an alien (you'd have to see it) but all in all, it was very worth it. My husband and I spent our own money on it at slightly discounted prices, but I would go again in a heartbeat. AND I'd pay full price as well. I don't think there was a bad seat in the place, but if you get nervous during shows with audience interaction I would sit in the far left or right about halfway up from the stage or at the very back. He tended to pick people in the middle and the random balls that were being thrown (almost like musical balls) were always going to the middle people whether in the front or the back. Enjoy!
4	This was an ok show but there just wasn't a "wow" factor for me to love the show. It felt like Copperfield had been on the block too long and there was nothing fresh to what he did. There were cool tricks but there were tricks where I felt like being scammed. It's worth seeing if you want to see Copperfield but I'd watch another show if you can. There is a lot of audience interaction however so that is a plus.
1	The seats are horrible at this show. Do not go unless you like being squeezed in with a bunch of idiots. You neck and back will pretty much hurt the entire time trying to view the stage. I feel sorry for anyone who might be a little round around the belly. The show is decent to good. Perhaps a little over priced. Nothing to make you go wow!
1	The tricks are obvious--he has plants in the audience, and the "alien interlude" took it to the next level of weird. It's clear he's given up, and it shows. I wish we could have gotten our money back.
5	This was an awesome show!!! I can't believe some of the bad reviews! I've seen many of David's tricks on TV, but in person was just amazing. AND... I got called up on stage to inspect David's hands! Made my night, made my week!The alien bit was different, but if you hang on to your own sense of wonder and just enjoy the show, it's really very fun! I don't think David was trying to get us to believe the Alien was real (duh)... but it DID magically appear, float, move, talk, it was cool!
1	My girlfriend and I went to this show on 8/4/2014. Very disappointing. Most of the show was him talking and doing very little magic/illusions. If the price was about $30-40 a ticket it would be OK. If you get the tickets for under $50 it might be worth it.
5	A great show. Mr Copperfield is engaging and entertaining. His illusions are incredible.   I saw his show last year and this year. Best magician in vegas
4	Went to matinee show on Saturday the 2nd of August, we enjoyed the tricks. My 9 year old daughter was in amazement the whole show. Worth the price of the matinee show price, can not see spending over $100 for the show. But I guess when you are David Copperfield he can make your money disappear as well. Go to the Matinee show if you can make it.The show as awesome, the tricks as so incredible, the only reason for the 4 stars in the price of the regular show price.
1	Very disappointing! He did a few magics but I really expected him to do more. If you get the ticket more than $40, it is not worth watching. Also, the seats were terrible.
3	Enjoyed myself but worst seating plan. MGM looks all grand and don't have money to spend on more comfortable seating. It's like a table setting sideways so to watch the show u have to strain ur neck and god help u if some one taller is sitting next to u. David copperfield the show was good.
5	Well worth it. Entertaining, highlight of our trip to Vegas.  Illusions leave you puzzled. David Copperfield is funny too. Show is very interactive. Be prepared to go onstage and participate. Theater is roomy, looked like decent seating all around.
2	We entered the theatre and we were escorted to the front row. At the box office, we were told these were the best seats in the theatre. What we found was a tiny table (barely large enough for a single person) with (4) seats smashed around it. This was a terrible seating arrangement and we could not get comfortable. We convinced ourselves that seeing David up close would be worth the discomfort, so decided to try and just enjoy the show.Before the show ever began, we were approached by a staff member that asked us if we were magicians "like David" or if we were press or yelp reviewers. We stated that we were not and the woman proceeded to tell us that David would perform an illusion where he would disappear from the stage and appear in the crowd. She stated that when this happened, we were all to stand up and applaud. I found this very odd but went along with it.The show began with an impressive illusion by David where he appeared in a box on a motorcycle. David was very charismatic during the initial part of the performance and a few of the early tricks were interesting, until the balloon illusion... David attempted to pop a balloon inside of another balloon that was sealed in a clear box. However, the balloon wouldn't pop... The trick failed and from this point forward, so did David. His demeanor totally changed and he seemed to be just going through the motions. His jokes were missing and it was clear he was reading from a teleprompter. The rest of the illusions were so obvious. I wasn't even looking for the answer but the secret to each illusion could easily be seen or figured out.I think enough reviewers touched on the "Alien" portion of the show, so I won't but just know that it is very weird and completely cheesy. The show seems to be geared towards children with the illusions and props but the dirty jokes make this show inappropriate for most children. Overall, David either needs to gear his current show towards kids or step up his game if he wishes to maintain an adult audience. This is NOT the man we saw back in the 90's. Think Steve Carell form the "Incredible Burt Wonderstone" and you have David Copperfield's current act.Vegas has many other shows worth seeing. "O" was by far the best show we saw on our trip and "David Copperfield" was the weakest. I would have suggested to make it an option for the kids, but the dirty joke and sexual innuendo will make most parents, of children under 13, cringe. It is obvious to me now why we were asked the questions at the beginning. You can see absolutely every secret to every illusion. This show will suspend belief... you won't believe this is the same David Copperfield we saw growing up.
4	Awesome show! Speechless! David Copperfield is the man! The seats were comfortable and the shoe was entertaining throughout. I would definitely recommend for a fun night out with drinks. I would always recommend to pre party because the drinks are kinda expensive but all and all a mind boggling fun experience for all ages.
5	We loved this show.  I have always  been a huge fan of Copperfield for years and we jumped at the chance to go to the show.  It was awesome.  I had seen his tv shows but he does not disappoint live!  Made a car disappear!  A little pricey but worth the show!
2	If you have seen him in the past you will be very disappointed.  Way less magic and a lot of just going through the motions. He thought he was funny picking on guests but we were there for illusions not comedy that isn't really.  Seating was awful. We were crammed in the stage seemed cramped too. This was sad to see after him being such an icon to Las Vegas in the past but I think he is going to be upstaged by some of the newcomers to illusions
2	Mechanical aliens?! Wtf! Honestly David seems like he is so over doing his shtick. The show had some cool moments but it all felt like a rerun. I think it was his delivery that was boring to us.
1	WHATTTTTT?!??? A 30+ min production about an alien trying to go home?!? What was the point?!? So confused.  Love the magic part of the show, and understand the need to add fluff, but this alien thing just ruined it for me.  I didn't pay $100/ticket to watch E.T. 2.
4	Saw David this weekend at the MGM in a  showroom that did the job, but not at the grand scale of the shows decades ago.  The performance was more personal this time with lots of audience interaction - some very good and some coming off a bit as staged instead of magical !!!Great to see him still going a class act and great illusions.  Still pricey also, so bring your cashy wallet.  Having done some amateur stuff when I was young, I like to figure out he goes it.  But the one closeup trick with the tissue rose that bounces in the air is one that has me stumped now for a decade.
5	I absolutely loved this show! My boyfriend wanted to see a magic show while visiting Las Vegas and I heard this was the one to go to! I loved the low key storyline, and the amount of audience participation. My boyfriend wishes there were more magic tricks throughout the show, but I enjoyed the elongated tricks that left a majority of the crowd in awe. Between the license plate trick, the alien story, and the email that was sent out, I was extremely shocked by it all!Amazing finale and overall really great!I even got to give David a high five!
5	I really loved all the show. He's a pretty good illusionist,  also funny and with good positive vibration. I truly recommend for whom want to have some good time. My tip is buy the ticket for the early show on Saturday (4pm), its cheapest one.
1	I was SO excited for this show.  I live in Las vegas now (moved from Canada) and my sister and her husband were in town for the week visiting and we wanted to go see something!  I loved Penn & Teller and had heard that David Copperfield was even better.  NOT SO!  Two of his tricks didn't even work, one was a balloon that should have popped.  We were close enough to see the smoke that should have popped it.. and even it it worked, its not that good a trick!  More than 50% of the show was completely self indulgent - it was about his father, how he missed him, his childhood, how he missed that, and way too much about an alien who met his father and learned from him.  None of these stories had anything to do with the tricks.  We paid $391 for 4 tickets then $45 for 4 tiny glasses of wine once we got there.  Rip off.  I have loved every other show I have seen while I have lived in Vegas, go see Absynthe or any cirque de soleil.  You can find cheaper tickets and they are 100x better.
2	Disappointing for the cost. He performed three big impressive tricks involving autos and dinosaurs -- and about half a dozen smaller tricks like popping a balloon inside of a balloon and correctly guessing random choices from the audience. At least 30 minutes of the performance involved an alien muppet, and the whole story line was cheesy and boring. I found myself really uninterested after an hour. Show should be edited down to be less than an hour and cost under $50, especially when compared to alternatives like LOVE which costs about the same and delivers a more interesting entertainment experience with scores of talented, beautiful people.
5	My husband and I thought the show was amazing.  We went to several other shows in Las Vegas (including O) but this one was the most fun and entertaining for us. We didn't sit in the very front because we heard that he usually pick his participants from the first few rows and we didn't know what he would make them do. We sat in the fifth row which I believe was perfect. I got to see the act very clearly but still unsure how he pulled everything off. The setting is very intimate and he would walk around the place to do different tricks. The thing about magic is that you have to just sit back, believe and enjoy it. If you tend to overanalyze and be skeptical about everything, you won't enjoy this show or any other magic show. On a side note, I think his show is children-friendly so it's great fun for the whole family.
2	I'm not going to say I'm completely disappointed, but it wasn't all that impressive either. Boyfriend wanted to see this for the longest time so here we are. Don't get me wrong, he was quite entertained most of the time but I caught him yawning a few times as well. I was actually pretty excited at first, especially when we got great seats. Well, there were way too much dialogue throughout the show. It was mostly about his father, his childhood and his long lost toy dinosaur named Frank, how much he misses him, etc. The mechanical alien killed it for me. It was just weird and stupid. When he popped out, I was like... Are you kidding...?! Even boyfriend admit that part was silly. We totally overpaid to see this. (Over $200) To be honest, Criss Angel was WAY better. I'd say the best part of the show was his jokes. It gave me a few good laughs. Overall, not worth it.
5	David Copperfield is a legend.  Plain and Simple.  For years, he made tricks like "cutting a man in half" look elementary with his unique spins on classic acts.  Now, he has a different act.  Gone are the elaborate magic tricks that he became famous for performing.  This new show of his is much more intimate, much more personal, and features much more story-telling.  And I loved every second of it.  I got the feeling that THIS is the show that Copperfield himself has been waiting to do his entire life.   The tricks are better than ever, and there's quite a variety.  A little something for everyone.  The setting is extremely intimate and Copperfield goes throughout the entire house, so there is NO bad seat in the theater! Don't delay.  See Copperfield today before he....disappears!
4	What kid, or in my case, big kid does not like magic. World renowned David Copperfield who graced himself on our television for years. Excuse the pun, but David still has not lost his magic. Very entertaining and still had me stumped on many of his tricks that had me scratching my head in how the hell did he do that?There was a bit of audience participation which always puts a spark in people's eyes. The downfall was the price of food & drinks which were astronomical even in Australian standards. Book early to get great front row seating. We booked a couple of months before flying to the States which got us spot on seating.
4	Went to see the show two days ago. Husband and I both loved it so much that we have been talking about it since then! But since we talked about it so much, we started to poke the "loopholes"... Lol. I think the people from audience were not randomly chosen. The guy brought to the stage the night we went - I saw him the next night coming out of the theater the next night again when I happened to pass that spot. Well in any event its an entertaining and funny show and that's all that matters I guess.
