4	Ever wonder what to do if you have lots of extra garbage or recyclables and either can't fit them all in your bins or missed bulk trash pickup day? Alternatively, are you looking for something just a little bit different to do on a lazy summer day? Ok, ok, all kidding aside - you may find yourselves (as we did yesterday) with more broken-down boxes and odd-shaped trash (old floor lamps, etc.) than can fit in your bins. This waste facility allows Phoenix residents to dump bulk trash and recyclables for free once a month. To get to the facility, drive down to 27th Avenue and Buckeye (aka "No Man's Land"). When you drive up, you will likely see a long line of commercial vehicles waiting to do their daily or weekly dump. You can bypass this line and go to the R (the sign says something like "Visitors"). When I say "you can," what I mean is that we did without being stopped, so you should be able to as well. According to the city website, we were supposed to have to show a driver's license and recent water bill to be let in, but no one stopped us or asked for proof of anything. We drove around and around the facility, following signs that directed us to the visitors' drop-off area, until finally we arrived at a massive pile of garbage. Literally. There were tons of guys in pick-up trucks dumping yard clippings, as well as a few ordinary people, like us, who just wanted their garage to be less cluttered. Warning to the wise - the place stinks (it's filled with garbage, after all) and the ground is wet and a bit slippery. We wore flip-flops (how dumb were we?). If you go, you might want to wear a long-sleeved shirt and some old, crappy tennis shoes you don't give a crap about. After dumping our trash, we looked around for the recycling drop-off. Some random employee sitting out under an umbrella told us that the bins were full and that we should just dump our massive pile of cardboard boxes into the trash pile (real ringing endorsement for city-sponsored recycling, huh?). I told him that we didn't want to just trash all that recyclable material, so he suggested going over by the employee trailers and dumping it in their recycling bin. So we did. I have to admit that after coming all the way to a city facility dedicated to proper recycling, we felt a bit odd dumping all these boxes in a tiny bin that wasn't much bigger than our bin at home. We felt as if we had gone to a public swimming pool and found it to be the same size as our inflatable one. We also wondered if the boxes would even get recycled. Fortunately, a guy in a city truck showed up towards the end of our unloading, gave us the thumbs up, and waited for us to be done so he could unload the bin and take the materials to wherever recyclables go to die and be reborn as new, environmentally-friendly objects. Our trip to this facility was an adventure, that's for sure. In addition to (or in spite of?) the educational benefits of seeing the inner workings of the city's solid waste operations and the entertainment value of all of those unfamiliar sights, sounds, and smells, we got to rid ourselves of the massive piles of trash and boxes left over from our move and early home improvement projects in one fell swoop. Can't beat that!
4	I love the smell of garbage in the morning! .. ok no, I really don't. And this place has got some rank smell, but seriously this is where everybody takes there trash. I didn't expect anything less!Doing some work on our house, we had a load of heavy tile/rubbish to get rid of. The great part is that this place is free on the weekends if you live in the city of Phoenix. All you need to do it make sure your current Phoenix address is on your drivers license. There was a little bit of a wait..but it was the weekend after the "Haboob of 2011"!! So, there were lots of people trying to get rid of their fallen down tree clippings understandably. Overall, probably on spent 45 minutes there tops - this included unloading time. Not bad and a heck of a lot cheaper than other options to disposing of trash.I guess I could have given this 5 stars..but I guess I just can't find it in my to rate a dump a 5 stars. Haha, not sure what a 5-star dump looks like, maybe this is it, but I'll stick to the 4-stars since I'm not sure.
3	This place is pretty much a dump.
5	I've been to plenty of dumps in my day, but this place is the shit!Used to be they'd make you unload in the actual landfill. Well not anymore.Thanks to modern technology, there's a drive-thru warehouse you dump in. (I think they 'borrowed' the concept from Jack in the Box)Anyway, you'll love this place. Simply bring a copy of your water bill, show them a picture ID, and your girlfriends belongings will be forever a mystery.Note: It does have a bit of an odor, but it's not as bad as the porta potty at work....the one where my ex-girlfriend said I got these crabs from.
5	If you are reading reviews of the waste management facility, maybe you happened upon it by searching for places to take your excess recyclables. In which case you are already in the frame of mind to appreciate how I found it- by casual research of composting in Arizona (for beginners). The City of Phoenix repurposes trash bins into compost bins. For $5 you can drive up to one of the scale houses and take home a sawed-off bin with aeration holes drilled in it. Low-tech but it's a step up from digging a hole in your backyard, and this will keep the larger critters out of your carbon/nitrogen treasure chest.Bonus: the inner facility will arrange free tours for groups (or one person, if you are really that excited about it on the spot, and I almost was) so you can get up close and personal to thousands of milk crates humming along on a conveyor belt or tons of trash being shook (shaken?) down from the ceiling. I'm not even a machine-crazy person but this looked like something anyone would find cool. Some day I might just tag along with a girl scout group...har har.
