4	Ok, so I'm being slightly generous.  This should actually be a 3.5 stars, and not 4.The Gyros was decent, the tzatziki sauce was good, my problem was that the tomatoes were cut too big and hard to eat, being big chunks in there.  The fries were ok.  I guess I should explore the menu more next time around, if there is a next time around.It's relatively cheap, and a decent break from all the buffet in vegas.
4	I think this a good fast food alternative to Taco Bell and whatnot.  My favorite dish is the gyro salad.  Good stuff.  Drive through is surprisingly quick for the fare they offer.  Sandwiches are good too but I just don't find them very filling for $6 a pop.  I'd rather just spend the extra 2 on a platter or the big salads.  I've never been inside.  I only do drive through.
5	The Best gyros in town being from Chicago I know what I am talking about Tzatziki sauce needs to be thicker but tasty Prices are fair and service excellent  Give it a try you will enjoy
5	As other folks point out, this is a "fast-food" style Greek restaurant. But that doesn't detract, the food is excellent, fresh, and well prepared. Very fresh and crumbly feta, tzatziki sauce with the right amount of tang, crunchy lettuce and tasty tomatoes. Oh, and the lamb I had the first visit was excellent; a little different with a gravy on it but it was very good and tasted just right.Bonus star for free dessert (a lovely custard), drink, and coffee because they had some ESPN radio show broadcasting from the restaurant yesterday, I lucked out!Besides, both visits the wife of the owner was behind the counter making sure we were happy with our order and giving suggestions (pointing me towards the leg of lamb platter when I was ordering a leg of lamb sandwich with a salad). The owner was there on Thursday and he was very nice and I wished him the best with his business, it's clear they put their heart into it.
4	I had a gyro with fries and the wifey had a salad of sorts, it's been about 2 weeks since we've been. The gyro was quite good, ordered minus lettuce, and the meat was from a traditional spit which is a must. I appreciated the homemade taste of the tzatziki and thought it was quite good. Fries were fairly standard. Wifey enjoyed her salad as well, I believe Greek salad with chicken. Service was exceedingly nice and very welcoming, especially for a somewhat fast food environment. Stop in and give it a try!
5	What a pleasant surprise! I didn't have very high hopes for this place upon entering - like others said, the restaurant has a very "fast food" kind of feel - but I gave it a try and my expectations were greatly exceeded. Chris and the gang give excellent service and are just plain good people to chat with while enjoying your gyro. The food is good and cheap, and they have a varied selection for those that don't want the typical Greek food. And the soup - wow! If anything, try their lentil soup. It is so meaty it was almost chili!
3	There is a location inside the mall, this location is stand alone. The food is decent better than most fast food places at comparable prices. Had the chicken souvlaki pita. Thick pieces of chicken. The lemon soup was different, tangy. I've had better Greek food in Las Vegas, however, this is not place is good for a quick and convenient lunch.
4	We went here to grab some dolmathes to go and were pleased to be greeted by the manager in the drive-thru.  He was very friendly and made conversation with us the whole time.  He even gave our dog some treats because I guess he looked hungry sitting in the backseat.  We each got a side order of dolmathes (grape leaves stuffed with rice pilaf and ground lamb/beef).  There were I think 4-5 rolls and they were covered in this yummy lemony sauce.  The side orders were $5.95.  We've never been inside, so I can't tell you how that experience is, but the food is good when we go and the service is great "to-go" wise.Here's a menu:http://greekamericangrille.com/Menu/menu.pdf
4	This is our new place next time we go to Vegas, we love greek food, this is the place, great service...I recommend the greek kabob sandwich platter...thanks to Nancy for her great friendly service!
5	I'm a huge fan! I love their dolmathes, pilaf, and Greek salad. Yummy yummy!  I just wish they were open til at least 11pm.
4	What a pleasant surprise on the inside - cool wall paintings, atypical friendly service, and delicious food.  Hummus was quite good with soft pita, and I indulged in an order of fried mushrooms as well.  Falafel could have been better though since they were almost rock hard on the outside and tough to bite into, though they had normal consistency inside.  Prices were reasonable for Vegas.  Again, service was good and I didn't encounter that much in Vegas.  Seating is rather limited so be prepared to order to-go during prime lunch hours.
3	I still like this place but DO NOT for the love of god get the falafel here.  Those things could be used as a weapon if you threw them at someone!!  Awful.  Anything but this!!
4	Went in on a whim while driving past one day and I'm glad I did. The service was excellent with the owners talking us up and explaining that they just took over the location. Had a great Gyro and Greek Fries. They were amazing definitely going back to try some more homemade food.
5	Not another fast food chain restaurant! Cute family-owned restaurant with awesome, fresh, home-made food. I got chicken kabab and was very surprised to get a huuuge fresh-of-the-grill portion that was simply delicious. The owners are nice and make you feel at home. Will definitely go back!!!!!!!!
4	Wanted greek food and wanted a mom and pop place.  They make a verrrry overstuffed gyro in pita called the (wait for it...) Gyro Mega Pita.  Meat lettuce tomato onion tazaki sauce and a small sized fist of good feta cheese.  Wife ordered the chicken ceasar salad. Very good. They grill the chicken to order and put some ceasar dressing and fresh romano on top. Gave the chicken a nice cheesy-garlicky finish. Too filled for desert.  They even have a drivethrough. I see that if you text "gyro1" to 56687 you can get some sort of a deal.
5	Loved loved over the food here! This was only my second time having Greek food and my first experience was disastrous. I ordered the chicken kabob plate which came with rice, grilled mushrooms and a salad. The mushrooms were perfectly seasoned and extremely moist (I hate that word but it totally applies) the chicken was flavorful and just done enough. The vegetables had a bit of a crunch just the way I like them. I think it was the owner gave me a free rice pudding too! He was really sweet. Not a huge fan of cold rice pudding but it was really good. Ill definitely be going back
5	This place is GREAT!  The owner is super nice and always thanks me for my business.  You can tell he really cares about his customers.  That is definitely one of the reasons I keep going there.  I always go throught the drive-thru and get the hummus with pita and a salad.  Both are fantastic- love the dressing and the bread!  There are not many places where I feel like I get homemade food from a drive-thru fast. (They have indoor seating too.)  I have a lot of respect for this place and hope they stay in business!
4	This place reminds me of the household of a very good friend of mine (the daughter of Greek immigrants) who I met during junior high.  After high school, I had moved on (due to my career choice), but on the occasions I went back home, I would always check in with her, see if she could hang out.  Occasionally, I would have to pick her up; if I had to wait for her (lady's prerogative) I would wait in the kitchen with Momma.  She would ask if I was hungry, did I want something to drink, the whole shebang. ("Momma, could you leave it alone?  We're going out for dinner ...!") Hospitality was something Momma knew how to extend.  If the folks here were to wear "house clothes" (you know what I mean) and slippers, they could probably recreate that vibe from my past.Great food and good people.Oh, and an extra zing: while I was getting lunch, Zak Bagans from the Travel Channel was there. "Hey, how you doing?  Fan of the show, doing great stuff."  (In black and white, it reads boring, but it wasn't.)
5	We would definitely repeat here.  We went through the drive thru and the service was really fast.  The man who took our order was probably the owner and he was very nice.  He thanked us for our business and was very sincere.  We got the gyros, they were tasty.  We'll definitely be back to try the other items on the menu.  A great place for a quick Greek fix!
5	Great food and friendly owner. Prices very reasonable.
4	I went here for lunch a few months ago and it was pretty good. Most gyro meat tastes pretty much the same, so it's hard to get something bad. Because of that, I usually grade Greek restaurants on 2 things: the tzatziki (yogurt/cucumber sauce) and their salad dressing. My "usual" at Greek places is a gyro salad = Greek salad topped with gyro meat and a pita on the side. If the dressing isn't good, it ruins the whole thing for me. Greek American Grill has GREAT salad dressing and really good tzatziki. The biggest reason we haven't been back is that it's not that close to home. Their prices seem a little expensive, but they do give you a LOT of food.
2	The quality and selection has gone down during the past few months.  The "Wife" has a lousy attitude and it shows in they way the restaurant is run.
4	Closed :(
3	closed. out of business
