4	I always wished that Chipotle was open past 10pm and I almost got my wish in Panchero's Mexican Grill.  It is just like Chipotle.  They make burritos, bowls, tacos, salads, and quesadillas, just like Chipotle.  The cool thing about this place is that they make the tortilla's right in front of you.  They put a ball of dough in a tortilla press and right before your eyes, it turns into a tortilla.  They then toast it up on the griddle and you're ready to build your burrito/taco/bowl/salad/quesadilla. I went to a late movie last night at Tempe Marketplace and the other day when I was at Yogurtland I noticed that this place was about to open up and that it stayed open late so I had to try it.  I got a chicken burrito, my usual at Chipotle, and they did not disappoint!  The chicken was juicy, the rice was fluffy, and they only charge 0.95 cents for guacamole instead of 1.80 at Chipotle.  I am a huge Chipotle fan, and this place is open until midnight Sunday-Wednesday and open till 2am Thursday-Saturday so whenever I am craving a burrito late night and I don't want any of the 'bertos, I will be heading over to Panchero's Mexican Grill.
2	I had high hopes for this place since it's within my pants radius (that is, the distance I'm comfortable traveling from my apartment without feeling like I really need to put effort into getting dressed.)  I think it just opened within the last couple weeks, so I stopped in on Wednesday after I got back from an out of town trip & didn't feel like making dinner.  I just got a basic chicken burrito, no beans, add guac.  My issues:-- The tortilla.  This is supposed to be their big selling point, but it's nothing like a real tortilla.  Yes, they press and cook it fresh in front of you.  The one I received was chewy almost to the point of being gummy.  I was not impressed.   -- The flavors.  I filled my burrito with marinated chicken, pico, hot salsa, lettuce and guacamole.  None of it had any distinct flavor, nor did the salsa have any kick.  On top of that, there were several employees just standing around while I waited.  When one finally decided to help me, he had to ask what meat I wanted three times since he wasn't paying attention the first two.  My tortilla ripped while they were trying to roll my burrito so they transferred 3/4 of the contents into a new tortilla.  The rest were thrown away with the old tortilla so a quarter of my burrito was lost.  I know I'm being nit-picky here, but nothing seemed to go smoothly.In general, I just was not impressed.  I'll keep driving the extra mile to Chipotle.
2	I've been to Panchero's, and I probably won't go back.  If I ever find myself in that center again, I will be at either Jersey Mike's, Starbucks or Yogurtland!  The flavor of the food was decent.....but they were so stingy on everything that it pissed me off before I even got a chance to taste the food!Get this...they measure out the cheese in this little scoop....are you kidding me!?!?!  It was probably an ounce of cheese, which if you are like me, is not nearly enough cheese to go around.  Also, when I said that I didn't want the rice, just beans, I still got the same amount of beans that a person who ordered rice got....beans are like the cheapest food on the planet....don't be so stingy!  The carnitas was pretty tasty, but I just felt like I was being so jipped as far as the value and the portions went that in order for me to return...a mass destruction of all the Rubio's, Chipotle's and Baja Fresh's would have to occur...and even then...I would probably still pick taco bell....you just can't beat 89 cent bean burritos!
3	This is like 2 3/4 stars..The food was good. I had a chicken burrito and the place reminded me alot of chipotle which I like.  In fact, I think the idea was kind of lifted from chipotle.  But the burrito was very good.  I of course love burritos so I am not that picky.  I did not like the fact that they nickel and dimed you for extras.  I dont understand why places do that nowadays. If it matters that much raise the price 75 cents and say put anything you want in it.  If you have a bunch of choices and they are making the burrito in front of you and you are choosing all the options then nickel and diming is a good way to turn away alot of people.  Especially when you have Jersey Mikes the greatest sub chain in history right next door.would go back but just because Im a sucker for burritos.
3	The food here is good. It's not outstanding, or anything to write home about, but it IS tasty.  The whole making a tortilla in front of your eyes seems a little kitch-y to me, but so what? Everyone has to have a marketing ploy.I've eaten in, and taken out, and the burrito quality is about the same.  Personally, I like Chipotle better, as I like the dressing on their veggie salad.My one beef (amusing, since I only get the beans) is that they were a little too light handed with everything. I got hardly any guacamole or sour cream, and that is really what helps to make a delicious tasty burrito of goodness in my eyes.Will I go back? Certainly, if it's on my way and I'm hungry. Will I choose to seek it out? Probably not.
4	for a fast food burrito this place kicks butt over chipotle. the steak is incredible and cooked before your eyes (along with the tortilla). i love how they mix all of the ingredients together before they wrap the burrito. plus, the kids working inside are always really nice. take a day off from chipotle college brats and give it a try...its a freaking burrito, how could you not like it?
3	This is another place that came from Iowa City that I ate at all the freakin' time in college. This place is like Chipotle but I think this has better ingredients: tastier meat, fresh pressed tortillas, creamier cheese, and a quesadilla option.However, I don't think they captured the magic of the Iowa City versions. I think the owner needs to come and figure out what's going on. I still would rather go here for a burrito than Chipotle.
3	Lured in today by the $1 burrito special with Smart Shopper Card. The staff was very friendly, the place was clean, and the food was good. I'm not sure who copied who (Panchero's or Chipotle) but for Americanized, corporate Burritos, this place is faaaaaaaaaaaarr better than Chipotle, and I like their hours.
5	Okay... Panchero's Mexican Grill is my new obsession. Truth be told, I avoided it for the longest time because I didn't think any burrito place could compete with Chipotle. Boy was I wrong!Panchero's wins hands down in the showdown with Chipotle mostly because of their freshly pressed tortillas. They are so scrumptious that my mouth starts to water as soon as they pull the dough ball off of the tray. The tortillas is complemented by always fresh ingredients and completed with a swirl with the bob tool. Love the bob tool! Chipotle burritos always have layers but a Panchero's burrito insides are mixed so every bite has all the flavors. I will admit to going to Chipotle once after discovering Panchero's but I only went after much kicking and screaming. If only the had an iPhone app similar to Chipotle's. They have an app now but it only allows you to play a burrito making game rather than place an order.
4	The best aspect of Panchero's was the tortilla. It is in dough form and grilled right before your eyes on the tortilla press. I ordered a chicken quesadilla and it was among the best I have had anywhere. Fresh off the grill, they asked what salsa I wanted - I went with the medium and the corn - but unfortunately for a quesadilla, it is already grilled shut - so you either have to reopen it or eat it separately like a side dish. The owner was not only there when I visited, but he was working the grill, busing the tables and checking customer satisfaction. Big props for that! The only other thing I didn't like was the size of the tables. There were two of us for lunch and the tables were really small. It felt crowded and I didn't like that - but the food and the service was excellent. I will definitely return.
3	While frequently going to Yogurtland, I've always eyed this place, wanting to try it out.  My time finally came!I had stopped by at Panchero's after getting some Yogurtland the other day [yes yes, dessert before dinner  XD].  I had ordered the chicken quesadilla and it wasn't too bad.  I liked how they make the tortillas fresh!  It's not exactly the best I've had but it's okay for an Americanized-Mexican food place.
3	A mexican place coming out of Iowa is like an Italian joint coming out of China.  It just doesn't seem to make sense.  I also find it funny that the day of my visit, all the staff were white women (an older attractive woman, and two cute college girls).  Not a Mexican in sight.  Its not really a problem, because Panchero's isn't really Mexican food.  This is a burrito joint similar to Chipotle or Qdoba.  So if this place is just like whats already out there, why should you go?  #1) Freshly pressed tortilla.  Its a gimmick, but a tasty one.  Somebody who reviewed said something like "it doesn't taste like a real tortilla ... its too chewy."  Hey moron ... this is what a real tortilla, sans processed food preservatives, is supposed to taste like.  #2) They mix the ingredients for you before folding your burrito.  Their burritos aren't as big as Chipotle, but at least you don't bite into it and get a giant mouthful of rice, and then a mouthful of meat.  Instead, you get a mix of all the ingredients in every mouthful.All in all, the place is good, not great.  Nothing about the actual burrito (besides the tortilla) stood out, but thats not a bad thing.  It was filling, tasty, and a reasonable value.  I'll make it back there at some point in the future, but won't go out of my way.
3	So I went to pancheros after my manager at work told me it was the best thing ever and even better than chipotle! Gasp! So I gave it a shot, liked the whole fresh tortilla but was immediately turned off by how everything is extra, I got all the goodies I could; the guac, veggies, and the queso and I still didn't enjoy it as much as my chipotle burrito from the day before, ill go but only if I'm starving
3	Another fast food Mexican joint in the spirit of Chipotle or Qdoba. But, Panchero's does have two things that definitely stand out. 1. The fresh tortilla. It's pressed and cooked in front of you. And when you finally take a bite out of your burrito, you can really taste the difference. 2. Mixing the ingredients. Unlike Chipotle, Panchero's does one extra step before folding your burrito. The rice, beans, meat, etc, all get mixed and you get a fairly equal amount in each bite. The problem. All those ingredients (other than the fresh tortilla) aren't quite as good as the other places. The price is about the same and they nickel and dime you for every extra, too.  I would never say no to Panchero's, I just wouldn't pick it over anywhere else.
2	keep hearing mixed reviews about this place so I got myself a chicken burrito there today.  It was ok, nothing special, they charge extra for the veggies, hot sauce was not spicy at all and the rice was meh.  Chipotle is way better, imo
4	Very good burritos, love the fresh tortillas. Fair price, I like to get double meat, chicken of course!
4	I'm a fan of the big burrito, but I'm also a fan of a freshly cooked tortilla and having the innards mixed up too.  This place has the trifecta.Some outdoor seating along with a beautiful Phoenix afternoon made this a good break from work.
2	Chipotle, Qdoba and Rubios are 10x better.  I felt it had no flavor.  Nice place, clean.  But the food was blah.  My steak was awful.  It looked ilke pork and am still not convinced that it was steak.  i regretted going there instead of jersey mike's next door  :(  sometimes you learn the hard way.
3	What I like:1. Freshly made tortillas - what they're known for2. That they mix up the ingredients inside the burrito before wrapping it3. Their nice selection of hot sauces4. Guac is cheaper (though they give less, so I guess it's the same)Why I still prefer Chipotle:1. Fresher ingredients2. Tastes better still3. Chipotle Tabasco sauce
4	Panchero's!!! They're franchising now??? I lived on this in Iowa City back in the early 90's when I was in law school. How cool that they (and Jimmy John's!) are now national from such humble beginnings.Their freshly pressed, hot, toasted, chewy tortilla is their trademark (plus the mixing of the ingredients with a special spoon, but that's a bit gimmicky). Either you love their tortilla or you don't. I love it a lot! But it's not your standard tortilla out of the plastic bag, so to each his own. Other than that, it's the usual Chipotle/Qdoba-type fresh ingredients (which are awesome).I wish you guys would bring back the grilled chorizo option from 20 (!) years ago in Iowa City  and start cutting the carne asada directly from a rotisserie again (also from back in the day). Another way to distinguish yourself from the other burrito places...Go Hawks!
3	As a die hard mexican foodie, I would have to rate the food as about a 3.5, but what's with the "up charge" for cheese and sour cream?  I've always been a big Chipotle fan and am willing to pay nearly $10 for a burrito, chips/salsa and a large drink, but this place really irritated me.  I asked for lettuce in my burrito and received both a dirty look and about five small shreds...WTH???Yes, the tortilla was pretty yummy and the meat fairly tasty, but I really hate being nickel and dimed for everything.  I'll stick with Fili B's for the cheaper and more authentic version and Baja Fresh for the Americanized Tex-Mex (or whatever) version with a free salsa bar.
4	So, I dig this place. The burrito meats were freshly cooked, not dried-out, and not overcooked. The queso was a delicious addition, but I'm sad that it was a $1 extra. Sure, the fresh tortilla is great, but I'm far more impressed by "the mixer." Once they put all of the ingredients on the tortilla, they mix it all up with a little spatula so that every bite is uniform. I gotta say, this is genius. I don't like burritos many times, because you get whole bites of one thing or another. This is a brilliant extra. Can you other burrito places do this too?
5	This place beats chipotle any day!  Fresh pressed tortillas, amazing queso, fast and friendly service.  My wife and I will miss this place when we leave Phoenix.
3	Panchero's is a nice place to stop in for a quick burrito or quesadilla. It doesn't measure up Qdoba in my book, but it delivers a solid, fast meal. I have been to this location a few times and the service has been good.I like the quesadillas best, but the burrito bowl and burritos are good, too. The hot salsa has a nice flavor and may be worth getting a side order of chips with. The ingredients are not always the freshest, so I end up picking certain things out, such as fatty parts of the meat and jalapeno tips. Overall, the food has satisfactory quality and flavors. Most people stick to steak and chicken, but I really recommend trying the carnitas and barbecoa for a more exciting meal. I find these meats to have much stronger, spicier flavors.
3	Pancheros is 50 feet from my house so it's great from a convenience and laziness standpoint. I typically get their chicken quesadilla. It's tasty and gets the job done. Their tortillas are good, but I don't love the rest of the options on the menu. The tacos are alright but they only come two to an order...When it's busy, it can be painfully slow. The service is friendly, but they usually only have two people working at a time so if there are more than 3 people ahead of you, expect to wait a while. It's so close and convenient that I'll continue to visit often and keep dominating their chicken quesadilla.
5	super fresh tortillas steamed in front of you.a nice nacho cheese queso sauce,comparable to chipoltle but better or for stoners,haha.i like it,fresh,freindly,blah blah.right behind the in out burger on scottsdale and rural.
4	Just had a chicken burrito bowl and it was sooooooo tasty! The meat was moist and flavorful and our server had no problem adding shredded lettuce to the bottom of the bowl at our request. The Guacamole was perfect and the blue corn chips were a nice change from the usual. This place is set up just like chipotle, but for some reason the bowl just seemed a little more juicy than chipotle! Very good! Lost one star for charging a buck for grilled veggie topping...I usually get that at chipotle to feel healthy but am too cheap to pay for it:)
5	So I decided to give pancheros a second shot and boy was I happy I did. Second time around I got the carnitas with the queso sauce and the hot sauce and have never been happier. If chipotle and pancheros were right next to each other I would definitely choose pancheros every time.
1	I'll probably never eat here again.
4	apparently this place was around before chipotle was even created.good food, better customer service than chipotle.would return again. "healthier" taste of food compared to chipotle, not sure if that makes sense, but try it out!
4	I will always have a soft spot in my heart for Panchero's as I am from Iowa City, home of the original Panchero's location. It is a staple in downtown Iowa City nightlife; there's really nothing better than a ginormous messy burrito at 2am after a night of drinking.I don't visit this store as often as I should. Their burritos are far superior to Chipotle in my opinion. The fresh pressed tortillas are super yummy. My go to burrito entails chicken, rice, queso (which carries an up charge but it is SO worth it!), cheese, sour cream, pico and mild sauce. Yes, this is my haven for feeding my inner fat kid ;) I think Panchero's is very reasonably priced for the amount of food you get. Today I got a burrito, small fountain drink, and a side of chips and guac for $12 and some change.Be warned - the burritos are massive! I dare you to eat the whole thing in one sitting.
3	Okay. Not Cafe Rio. Not Costa Vida.
3	Being from Iowa I mourned the loss of Panchero's when I moved out here.  I was SO EXCITED when someone finally franchised it out here in PHX but I have to agree with a lot of others that the vibe of this location doesn't live up to the ones I visited back home.People like to compare P's to Chipotle but I have to scream "its not even close!!!!" when I hear that.  Pancheros fresh presses and cooks their tortillas in front of you so you don't get some flour-y mess that sat on a truck for days waiting to be delivered then sits in a warmer until you order.  They also give your burrito a nice mixing that way you don't get a bite of pico, a bite of rice, a bite of chicken and a mouthful of sour cream when you eat your burrito.The reason I don't give this place 5 stars is the staff.  Sometimes I go and the staff is friendly and attentive.  Other times I go and the staff ignores me to play around and I feel awkward because I am not part of the inside joke.  Other times the staff is just plain incompetent like the girl who burned my Quesadilla twice and another staff member had to step in to complete my order.All in All I give the place a 5 for food, 5 for value and a 1 for customer service/staff.
1	I ordered a veggie salad.  The lettuce was soggy, the roasted veggies were lifeless and the staff seemed disinterested.  The guy that was in charge was distracted and sweating profusely - to the point that I was concerned that it might drip in the food.  The other server was barely aware that I was even in the building.  She kept gazing out the front window and gave the impression that she did not give a rat's behind about my food.  :(
3	The fresh tortilla thing is pretty cool and the fact that they use all white meat chicken is a huge plus, but the chicken is not marinated as stated. Not a huge fan of the mix all the ingredients together in the burrito before you roll it thing either. The girl was mixing for at least 2 minutes. It doesn't make a difference in my opinion. The chips are blue and way better than the competition - you get a huge bag for 75 cents. It seems an exact copy of Rio also, but Rio slices the chicken and this places dices it. Guac is extra and looked a bit tired at 9pm on sunday, but nobody can top Chipotle guac, so I passed and the mild salsa's are both pretty good. It still is a good burrito place, if not spectacular, but will hit the spot if you just want the basics and not the bells and whistles. About $7.50 total.
4	The way to go here is the burrito bowl for $6.25. Two scoops of rice and beans and chicken and it is a large portion. Yeah, the tortillas are fresh, but they stick to the paper on to-go orders. I did find out that you can request no ingredient mixing at the end of your burrito process, but I'm going bowling from now on. It's a way better deal and you get more protein for your money. Chips though should be included, but they are good, so it is worth the 75 cents extra.
4	Yum yum! I created my own burrito here which consisted of chicken and every other ingredient there is possibly to add and I have to say, this place is pretty damn good. The vegetables were fresh and the chicken was nice and moist. Also when biting into my burrito, I could taste all of the ingredients together, yum! However, it is kind of expensive, I mean not more than your average Chipotle or Qdoba though... I don't like that I had to pay to get veggies in my burrito, kinda seemed odd. Other than that, this place is awesome....will be back.
1	Lol really, whg is every one saying this.place is the bizness, wait its the gringos that think its real mexican food hah, this place sucks ass, poor quality food , try and be like.chipotle never , they had a cilantro lime rice was horrible,  cant compare chipotles rice to this crap, their meets were awfull, really dry,  ive had enough too much too complain, bye i did forget to mention the employee male looked like he was all twacked out on drugs
5	The burritos were really good! Everything was mixed up opposed to being layered and boring like other places. And the queso is delicious!!!
2	Service great.Quality of food, horrible. Compatible to chipotle, but a lot worse. I liked the idea of fresh pressed home made dough, but it was almost all the way cooked. All the ingredients were in covered containers and did not look fresh at all. Probably due to the lack of customers at the establishment. Only one family eating, no one in line at 11:15am. I did get free chips and quest for checking in on yelp, but the chips were too salty for me. My co workers on the other hand did enjoy them.
5	Absolutely amazing. Great food, but the customer service makes this place even better. I was once a chipotle addict, but Pancheros has stolen my heart!
5	Wow! This place is awesome!I had never been here before I moved into the Grigio apartments next door, but MAN is it awesome.Pancheros fits in with the Mexican food/burrito category of restaurants, but stands out from the rest because of the freshly made tortilla (right in front of you), the same price of the meats across the board, and their amazing queso recipe.All of the staff is spicy, hot, and sweet (in that order) and, unlike the other burrito places, they are genuinely glad to see you and engage in conversation rather than give the same monotonous "hi, what can I get for you?". This manager really knows how to run her staff and make regulars feel valued.Definitely coming back whenever the need for a stuffed burrito comes up! Be sure to order pulled-pork with queso!
4	Pretty delicious chipotle alternative! Carnitas and steak are good, haven't tried the chicken.
2	If you are thinking about going here because someone told you it's like Chipotle but better... they lied!! We went at about 8pm the meat looked old, they charge extra for peppers... The freshness you would get from Chipotle was lacking.
1	$1 extra for grilled peppers and onions is ridiculous. Rather go to Chipotle food is better and not so many up charges and their portions are big enough to make 2 meals out of it. Will not be returning.
2	Love Mexican food. Lived next door to this spot for a year. Ate there twice. Both times was very below average. Clean, but unfriendly staff and subpar food. I work from home, so instead would drive a few miles down the road and deal with the asu line for Mexican from a different spot. Was still worth it. Too bad
5	This is the best place you will ever eat. When I went to ASU I ate here maybe 3x per week... The soft tortillas.. The queso! The way they mix everything together. It is depressing that they don't exist in California.. I love it so much I have looked into opening my own franchise.. Pancheros over chipotle anyday #pancherosforever
2	High prices, small portions and poor food quality. They don't even have real fresh brewed iced tea. Everything very salt heavy to make up for being poorly seasoned. They nickel and dime you for everything and don't offer much in return. This place piss poor customer service. Save yourself the grief of his place and go to chipotle.
1	If I was able to rate less than one star I would. Please do not eat here. Not only is this place over priced, the meat is cold and does not have any flavor. I am so disappointed
3	I wanted to try something different for dinner, so I headed on over to Pancheros to give them a try.I knew I wanted a burrito, and I dig the fact that the tortilla is made right then and there, that's pretty sweet.I went with the grilled steak, and I was going to toss some grilled veggies on there, but after looking into the pan and seeing dried up stuck to the side veggies I quickly changed my mind.  I went with the white rice, pinto beans, meat, cheese, salsa verde and sour cream, after everything was layered inside I thought they would wrap it up, but no they took a knife and mixed everything together, had I known they were going to do that I would have asked for the salsa & sour cream to be added later, I like the layering effect. Maybe I'm weird but I do.Over all, I prefer Chipotle, I wanted to like this place, but it just didn't stack up.  The ingredients didn't look fresh, the white rice was supposed to be cilantro & lime but I can tell you there were no hints of green in the rice, and I happen to think cilantro is the best ingredient in the world but it was missing from my rice. The grilled veggies like I said where dried out and stuck to the pan, the meat was tough and cold. I just wasn't impressed over all.
