4	Had an amazing experience here and would definitely recommend!  Make sure you make a reservation because it is hard to predict how busy it will be!Went here for a bit of a celebration dinner and absolutely loved the food & the drinks.  The only reasons I did not give it 5 stars is because they were a little bit understaffed (understandable since it was Tuesday night and the  place was packed) and the layout makes it a little bit cramped.I made a reservation for 7 and it was very busy when we got there.  They were out of menus so we waited about 5 minutes to receive menus and water.  It was our waitresses first night but she was excellent and was trying her best despite the rush!The food and drinks were AMAZING!  I had the peach sangria and some kind of berry mojito which were both excellent!  Everything on the menu sounded amazing but we ended up ordering the shrimp and sausage fusilli and the bacon & avocado pizza.  The pizza was sooooo delicious and I am usually not a huge fan of pizza.Overall a great restaurant and visit, I will definitely be going back and may in the future bump it up to 4 stars!
4	Nice meal. Atmosphere is excellent. Was almost fully packed for a Tuesday lunch. Service was very good. I had the black bean soup and bacon-wrapped quail. The black bean soup had great flavour but the bacon was overcooked and really chewy. Still, overall it was very good. The quail was excellent, but I found the bbq sauce could've been less sweet. The hummus (lemon-basil) appetizer was interesting, best when paired with radish. Nice spot, perfect for a casual lunch with well thought out food. Presentation is excellent.Note: this review is based on one meal only.
4	Always great food.  Casual yet sophisticated with nice staff.
4	Very cosy and good quality food.  I had the Morroccan Tagine and carrot cake for dessert.   My friend had the chocolate mint dessert (with house made ice cream).  The meals were bursting with flavour.  Service was excellent.   Not a lot of seats so glad we made a reservation.   Neat that we got a text message reminding us of our reservation about half an hour before.   Would definitely go again.
4	Nice, trendy, and tasty.My sister recommended this restaurant for a lunch/brunch after she had been there for dinner. She mentioned that it had been started up by a former executive chef for the charcoal steakhouse. (The big steakhouse in KW). That's where the similarities end because from the food to the decor it is a very different experience, and one that is hard to find in KW.The space they have created screams young professionals. It's the kind of place that is nice, but won't break the bank. It's a place where loud conversations can be had over boozy drinks at brunch. It's a smaller but lively space, decorated with a rustic charm. Preserves line the ledges and shelves, and faux worn dinnerware is scattered across the table tops.The menu had a lot of unique options compared to your typical fare. Avocado and Eggs with a spicy tomato broth, black bean salsa, crispy corn tortillas. Smoked Trout and Eggs on potato pancakes. A lamb burger stuffed with goat cheese. All of the food I sampled was very flavourful and had a good balance. The tomato in the dishes helped bring a much appreciated brightness and acidity. The roasted red pepper soup with goat cheese was spicy and had a nice punch.Overall I was quite impressed with Red House. I'll give it four stars because I just sampled the brunch, but I'd recommend it to those who don't want to drive to Toronto for a trendy and unique dining experience.
