2	It's been open for approximately 2 months and they have a bit more to do to impress me. Upon entering it took a few minutes of us waiting at the front to finally be acknowledged and greeted. There's a hostess area, but no hostess.We wanted something light, easy, and fast. We ordered a pizza special that included a drink, slice of pizza, and a salad. The pizza came out re-warmed and dry. I was not happy about them passing off fresh, gourmet pizza with a re-warm in the toaster oven appeal (I've re-warmed enough pizzas in my time that I know it when I see it). I asked the server about it and he admitted that it was not fresh and that they would make us fresh slices. The new pizza came out 10-15 minutes later and it was a stark difference compared to the initial slice. The pizza was freshly baked (not freshly made by hand) and the cheese was delicious. Some helpful tips:1. Do us both a favor and get it right the first time. You only have one chance to make a good first impression. Unfortunately, the initial impression I have of this establishment is disappointment. If you know you were giving out old pizza, why do it? Especially when you are a new business and you are building your reputation.2. If you advertise "gourmet" be it. The quality of the pizza was ordinary. If you were to advertise as a regular pizza joint, I would think you were great. However, since you say you are "gourmet" you have missed the mark entirely. Gourmet to me is handmade and extraordinary with toppings and spices and I didn't see that.3. Same line of thought...if you advertise "organic wheat crust" use it. My crust was an ordinary white flour crust. The two main reasons (gourmet and organic wheat crust) I picked this restaurant instead of the one next door were the very things that I didn't end up experiencing. The service was okay. The restaurant itself is in a great location and is decorated very nice! I think this place has great potential, it's just getting the form and function to align (be consistent in your advertising message with the product you give to your consumer).
4	I have to say we love Picazzo's. We just moved over from Italy and have been searching the valley for good "Italian" style pizza. We took a chance on Picazzo's and man are we glad we did. This is the best pizza I have found in the west valley. Outside of driving an hour to hit a small pizza joint in Mesa, this will now be my new go to pizza home. We had the Nonna's Favorite plus Anchovies (common in Italy). The crust was good and not to thick. The pizza was not rewarmed and tasted great. The only thing we wished it had was more anchovies or smaller pieces spread more evenly around. We did take our pizza to go so I can not comment on the service. There was a live music act and the place was packed. I would have to assume it is a well liked place. Great food, not to bad a price.
4	Yes, I work in an Italian Restaurant.. however, I LOATHE Italian food.So knowing this you may automatically assume my first thought about going to a place like this. Boy was I shocked when I realized I actually liked their food!My Dad decided this was the place he wanted to try for his birthday dinner. So, it was decided then... we packed ourselves into the car and took about a 15 minute trip... (this is a short trip for me, as anyone who knows me will tell you I am willing to travel REALLY far for good food).Upon arrival we were seated immediately by a friendly hostess. The server was very tentative... this may get on some people's nerves, but not mine. Our drinks were never empty and our food was delivered to the table very promptly. The server also suggested things that he liked and explained some of the dishes. Anywho, the food was delicious. I had the marghertia pizza and to start off with, the hummus. The portions are plentiful. My parents had salads and my mom had some eggplant dish and both of them were quite impressed as well.Overall, this joint was wonderful and I plan to go back sometime soon.
4	I LOVE Italian food. Recently, my children have been diagnosed with egg, dairy and gluten allergies....so out went the Italian food, until now. This place is great for anyone on the GF or candida friendly diet.  Almost everything can be made GF and the meats are nitrate, nitrite free. Most of the food options are also organic.The restaurant appears clean, open and airy.  Picasso-esque art hangs from the walls and decorates the women's restroom. We have eaten in all three areas of the restaurant (bar, main dining and patio) and have enjoyed all three settings.We have gone to this establishment multiple times and on multiple days. We aim for the happy hour so that we can take advantage of the 50% off appetizers.The baked wings are wonderful. They are flavorful, not greasy and very delicious. We get ours with the sauce on the side and we think it's even better that way.We get the hummus with the gluten free bread. The bread is not chewy or crumbly like some GF breads can be. The hummus is sprinkled with feta and decorated with olives, tomatoes and peperoncinis. It is not as creamy as many other hummus recipes can be, but it is flavorful and pairs well with the GF bread.We get the GF pizza without cheese and it has never come out burned or chewy. (NOTE: GF pizza only comes in the medium size.). We have had several topping combinations and their gourmet pizzas and have yet to be disappointed.We have also tried the Chipotle Penne with Chicken with and without the GF option. I would give it an 8 out of 10. It doesn't knock your socks off, but it is quiet yummy.  The Penne Steak and Mushroom (without the Gorgonzola cheese) is about a 7.5. It is not as flavorful as the Chipotle Penne, but is decent. I was expecting a more robust, flavor and was left disappointed.For dessert we have had the GF chocolate chip and the GF brownie. NOTE: GF desserts are not as tasty and they are a little bit crumblier than the regular kind, but here they are pretty darn good. Both are equally tasty, it just depends on what kinda mood you are in.They have excellent customer service. We have seen the manager, servers and other staff work well together and make sure that everyone's needs are being met. We have witnessed the manager quickly correct any issues that other patrons had.
4	My wife and mother-in-law have recently been tested for Celiac. Being sensitive to their dietary restrictions, I searched for gluten-free restaurants in the Phoenix area while visiting. Found Picazzo's on Yelp! and took the family out for dinner.It was a great find! The service was great and food was delicious. Their menu is about 90% gluten-free and who knew gf could taste so good. Kids had the gf pizza an the adults had the gf pasta dishes. All were great. Not only gf but organic and fresh.The manager hinted that they're scouting the Denver area in the near future.
3	Girls Night Out and we had a fun time as we always do no matter where we go. We decided to give Picazzo's a try as it's nearby and we were a little tired of the Scottsdale scene. Food was yum but the service is what caused this rating to go down. We had to beg for drinks and one person in our party didn't even get what she ordered. Dishes sat for long periods of time and service was just slow in general, despite it being a not-terribly-busy Friday night. The tip definitely reflected this lack in service. Service aside, the food was very good. We had the Buffalo wings as a starter. They were delish! These wings are baked and they use some sort of buffalo type rub instead of the drippy sauce. The rub was flavorful and had a bit of a kick, but not overly so. The four of us shared the California pizza and the Meaty Meaty. The California was a neopolitan style of pizza and had mozzarella, blue cheese, tomatoes, applewood smoked bacon and spinach on top. it was awesome. The Meaty meaty had sausage, pepperoni, canadian bacon on the classic Picazzo's crust. The crust was very nice but the pizza itself was greasy and not overly memorable. All four of us agreed that the California was a homerun for sure. We also shared a chocolate chip cookie and a brownie skillet dessert. The desserts were tasty and just the right temperature. There are loads of choices of gourmet pizzas or you can build your own. The menu is loaded with pasta choices as well that range from organic to even having gluten free items as well. Very nice to have such choices!We'll likely go back and try more items on the menu another time, but honestly, I don't know how long I'll be willing to put up with slow service. There are just too many places around town that encourage their wait staff to bust their butts to make the visit memorable and this place...we actually had to hold up our water glasses in the air to the bus girl who was filling at another table because she walked by us 4 times with empty glasses on our table. So for now, our first visit is a 3 star visit. It can only go up from here, I hope! :)
5	We have been there twice now and is is great! The pasta, salad, pizza is great. Service is awesome. We are on a new organic type of diet and the food tastes good and the price is nice also. The kids even love the pizza and for a 5 yr old to like organic healthy food?
4	I love this place! Is not just the fact that there are organic and gluten free options, it's the great service also. My friends and I have been going there about once a week and we just love it. Their pizzas are great and the salads are just amazing and HUGE! It's best to share! I recommend sitting at the bar area and chat with the bartender/owner, We've always try to talk to them and find out what the manager's special is. So far, we love this place.
4	Having gotten tired of all the usual suspects (the regular pizza places in the area) we decided to venture out for dinner and found Picazzos.  What a great find!  The funniest part was when my son and I realized that my wife had already eaten here and even written a review.  Well, we took her advice and got the California pizza, and it was damn good. We also had ordered a "Classico" which I found less tasty then the California.  But hey, both pizzas were tasty and I am not knocking the classico.  Bottom line, they have a very large menu with lots of choices.  The ingredients seemed very high quality and fresh, so yes, we will be back! NICE PLACE!  Hope they keep the service up to spec!
4	Four of us had another wonderful dinner at Picazzo's in Surprise.  Don't miss the Mama's Meatball appetizer.   The fact that you can order almost any dish with gluten free bread or pasta is a real plus.  Tonight we had penne pasta, the Vortex gluten free pizza and Eggplant Parmesan.  All were well flavored, fresh and served timely.  The skillet cookie deserts are a 'little bit of heaven'. large enough for several to share.  We recently ate at the Picazzo's on Frank Lloyd Wright in Scottsdale.  Don't judge Picazzo's by the Scottsdale restaurant.   It doesn't hold a candle to the menu, service and quality of food found in the Surprise restaurant.  After over half a dozen visits, Picazzo's, Surprise, will be visited often.
1	Terrible and a rip off!  Took a pizza to goand a salad for $34. the pics was$20 for there medium which was suppose to be organic but it looked like it came from peter piper no joke. And it only had 6 slices that were tiny. Ingredients was horrible and tasted like it was a frozen pizza. I got the Italian salad that hardly had meat and was very small with horrible cheap iceberg lettuce. Cost was $14 and a joke..if your looking for better pizza and salad seriously go to dominos our pizza hut and save your money because nothing about this place was organic and I'm very disappointed.
5	LOVE this place.  My dad (a diabetic) introduced me to this place and raved about how this place didn't make his sugar go wonky at all, and how the pizza is amazing.A recently discovered celiac, it's my new favorite... and the fact that they are EVERYWHERE helps considerably.I've never had any issues with service and I usually go at lunch time.  I have yet to see it super busy, but according to my servers when I go, they have their busy times.One funny thing... in the women's restroom, you open up one of the stalls and there is this big painted goddess face staring back at you.  It startled my sister enough that she had to tell me about it so I had to go see it. haha
1	We were excited to try this place because it was less than 5 min from our house, but we were sorely disappointed.  First and foremost, they forgot the avacado on our "California Pizza."We wanted the "organic whole wheat crust" but they said they were out of this.  I'm not sure how that happens, especially since we ordered at 4:30 on a Saturday.  You would think they would have enough for a busy Saturday night.The bacon was uncooked and fatty.    The toppings were sparse and we were unsatified after finishing.We had high hopes going into this thinking it would be a similar to CPK, but it is unlikely we will go back.
4	I visited this place on a  early fri evening . Place has great new modern decor . Sat in bar with my cousin . The waiter in the bar was very attentive. Food was really good . I have been recently been eating gluten free and was thrilled on all they offer .Will make sure and visit again!
5	CPK who????!!!!Why, oh why can't this place have locations in southern California??? Stopped here with my brother and his wife after a spring training game over at Surprise Stadium. I was super hungry so I was really interested in what these gourmet pizzas were all about. Mind you I grew up with a father who would make homemade gourmet pizzas that were super, super good (still my favorite pizza...will likely be apart of my last meal if I ever am sent to death row). Anyway, we walk in on an early Monday evening and the place is pretty empty. We sit down and order up our drinks. I tried one of their organic iced teas...not sure which one I got but it was super good and refreshing. The decor and feel of the place was warm and calming, with a lot of Picasso'eqe art lining the walls.  We started off with one of their natural chopped Italian salad. Being all health conscious, I was suspicious on how good it would taste and boy were my concerns unneeded. Despite having smoked ham and salami, the salad was super light yet extremely flavorful. Loved their Italian dressing as it was also light...they also didn't drown the salad in it, so it was lightly covered with the dressing. All the produce (Lettuce and Tomatoes) were organic and the croutons were gluten free...a really nice way to start the meal. We decided upon trying the Chipole and Chicken pizza with the Bagel crust (I think that's what it was). Whatever the case, it was GOOD! And the thing to put it over the OK mark was the Bagel Crust!!! All the toppings were super fresh. We ended the meal with one of their baked apples and vanilla ice cream. Another tasty, yet light creation. Walking out, we noticed that we must have arrived just in time because the place had filled up all around us, including outside where the weather was beautiful. The service was really friendly and attentive as well. Good thing I have family in AZ because I think I must come back to try some more of their health wise meals.
4	Yum
4	I've been back to Picazzo's several times since my review last year and I am remiss in updating my review. Picazzos has been GREAT since my first review. The pizza is amazing. The pasta is delicious. We've gotten take out and eaten in and all were good experiences. TDishes we've enjoyed include the butternut squash ravioli, the pasta diviolo, the California pizza, and the Sweet and Sassy! The salads are fresh and aren't overdone. he staff is a bit hit or miss hence the 4 star review, but I would say all in all, Picazzos is definitely worthy to give a try to some night soon!
4	Great  wedge salad!  Very good margherita  pizza. Excellent service!
2	I would rate it one star if it wasn't for our salads being good.A coworker and I ordered two salads for pick up, as we were on our lunch break and didn't want to waste a lot of time. When I asked the guy who answered the phone for two small salads, he asked if I wanted a "single" or "small." After asking him what the difference was, he told me that the small served 4-6 people and the single was good for one person... Hmm... I guess it would be a single then! From the website, it looked like there were only three options (S/M/L), but whatever.When we showed up to pick up our order, it was pretty clear that they were short on staff. There were 2 people working and one of them was behind the bar pretty much the whole entire time. They were definitely NOT in a hurry even though the restaurant  had a good amount of people there... Just a couple of dudes putzing around! Anyways, he ran our cards and returned with 2 piddly, TINY boxes of salads.. What? After sitting in my car and wondering why we were charged $7 for a snack of a salad, we decided to go back in and see what the deal was. After we told him that it wasn't explained to us what a "single" was, he admitted that he wasn't being exactly clear. "Yeah, it was probably my fault." Uh, yeah it was! That was all he said, no apology or anything. Now, we are not the type of people who go around looking for freebies, but you would think he would have been a little more... I don't know... Courteous! He ended up running our cards twice, since we wanted a larger order and disappearing in the back for almost half an hour. We would have left if he hadn't charged us, but we were stuck waiting... For...Ev....ER!While we were standing there twiddling our thumbs, it was obvious that some of the other customers felt just as neglected and frustrated. One woman even had to get up out of her seat and walk over to one of them to have something taken care of. Not cool. Finally, he brought us our food and still gave no sign that he even cared about what had happened. It's a cute place and the food might be decent, but I would not go back to this location!
1	We tried this restaurant because we had received a gift certificate as a gift. Thank goodness it didn't cost us anything to eat there. 3 of us had bowls of Potato Bacon soup with a pieces of  "bread." If there was any bacon in this soup, none of us saw it or even tasted it. The "bread" they served with it was hard and neither the soup or the bread had any taste. I kept adding pepper but you can only add so much of that to soup before it tastes yucky. The other person in our group got the lunch combo of 1 piece of pizza (Cheese) and a salad. The price for this combo was expensive, which you don't mind if the food is good, but in this case it added another layer of annoyance. When it came, she asked the server where the dressing for her salad was and he told her it was on the salad. She asked him to show it to her as she didn't see any and then he said perhaps they had forgotten it. He brought her some dressing that was the consistency of peanut butter and looked very unappetizing. She tried it with a little lettuce and said it wasn't too bad (what a compliment, huh?) but the slice of pizza was tasteless. Tasteless food and high prices - not a good combination. We WILL not be coming back here.
5	Love this place!! I always go! Best pizza ever! Great staff! 5+++ stars!!!:)
4	I liked everything except for the service... our waiter seemed to hate his life. He wasn't real friendly... and it seemed like it took a long time to get everything. They really need to install water filters... water is gross :( The only reason they are getting 4 stars is because I would give the pizza 6 stars if I could. I think next time I'll just get it to go.
4	I'm a bit fond of LGO, but the Gluten-Free crust here is worlds ahead of LGO. With that in mind, I am not a huge fan of their pizza sauce, but that's just personal preference. They have two very satisfying organic iced tea's. I also really like their Greek Salad.
2	Warning: this place does not have the Picazzos.com menu. I guess they are not affiliated with that place even though that is the website that comes up when you look up the place on Google Maps. Our waitress was great, but the food - not so much. The brownie was the best thing we had. We tried the garlic cheesy bread and it was very bland. I didn't even know that was possible. The vegetable platter came with vegetables that were sitting in a 1/4 inch of butter and fat. I was hoping for a bit healthier vegetables. I like the atmosphere and the staff so I may be back to try the pizza and give it another chance.
4	service is solid, pizzas are excellent, pastas are top notch, beer and wine selection is impressive. if you happen to stop by I'd like to recommend any of their pesto dishes, very rich in flavor.
4	Fresh and healthy?  That's what I felt eating dinner here.  Not my normal stop, I usually go for fattening and strong flavors :) Great place to have some pasta, pizza, and wings.I tried two appetizers to get the ball rolling.  The wings were delicious.  They are baked instead of fried and the maple BBQ had a great flavor.  I think the dipping sauce was ranch, but it was light.  With the wings dipped it took away the maple BBQ flavor.  Thus I figured I would rather have the BBQ flavor than the light ranch.  I ended up not using any ranch for my wings.  I can say if you like non fried wings this is your place.  Plenty of flavors to choose from and I could go here for drinks and wings.I also tried one of the teas on the menu.  I personally would not try it again.  The flavor was very light.  Not really sweet or flavorful, just a light taste to it.  I can almost describe my tea as flavored water.  Like having a cucumber in your water to give it flavor?  Almost the same effect.  I also tried the homemade meatball appetizer.  It was good and came out of the kitchen super hot.  Nice amount of meatballs, sauce and artichokes.  I noted the artichokes to have a more sour note and I was unsure it is caused the sauce to be more on the sour side.  With both the sauce and artichokes being sour it ended up being too sour of a dish for me.  If you like your marinara sauce to be on the sour, tangy side this might be your dish.  I like a more sweet sauce or balanced marinara myself.  The pasta was good, I enjoyed the steak penne.  The sauce was the most robust flavors I had during dinner.  I believe this to be a dish I would have again.  I noted the steak to be cut in very small pieces.  Can't really ask to cook the steak medium rare in this case.  It still worked and I got my steak craving cured however.The kids meals end up being $5 a kid and include the drink, not a bad price tag.  One plate was pasta with butter and cheese.  Our second meal was a simple cheese pizza.  The pizza was good and so was the pasta.  The kids also get crayons and coloring pages, so I would say a kid friendly place.  The meals did come with a slice of an apple as a side, but both of my kids did not eat it.  Both noted the apple was super sour.  So I can say a good experience first visit, had some highs and lows and ugh moments.  I can say that does not discourage me, I plan on trying it again and only try a pizza.  Pizzas start at $12 and go on up.  So it can get pricey if you are a big eater like me.  Also please be patient since I experienced new staff on my visit.  Overall give it a try, you may like it.
1	Closed
1	Went there at 7:45pm on Thurs & it was closed (it's not a holiday)--it was Wed 1/10/13.
