1	0 Stars! Big suprise, I know. Here's the deal. My daughter needs her learners permit. Cool! I check the dmv website and it says they close at 5 but get there before 4:30 to get in line and get your number. Leave work early, race home, pickup kid, race down to dmv office and hit the door at about 4.02. Awesome! Got there in plenty of time. So we walk up to the information counter, and after waiting for the woman to finish up her personal conversation she calls us over. I tell her we are here for a learners permit. She says "oh, not today you aren't"Me: Excuse meHer: We stopped at 3 o'clockMe: But your website says get here by 4:30Her: It's the supervisors discresion that we can stop earlyMe: (steam coming out of my ears)Her: fill out this form and come back tomorrowSome arguing ensued with me explaining how inconvenient this is. She doesn't give two shits (to be expected of an apathetic, government worker)DMV, YOU SUCK!!!!
1	Slow, unorganized and filled to the brim with crazy people. I prefer to do everything through the service arizona website but recently got a letter that I needed to get a new license because my picture was going to expire. It makes total sense that my license is valid until I'm 65 but the picture expires after 11 years. Of course, the state charges a nominal fee of $12 to replace it. If the state of AZ was in need of my money I'd gladly just give it to them if it means avoiding this nightmare. Oh, and the camera is set to fat...
4	Came here before they opened at 8AM and there was already a line forming at the front door. FML. The lady working the front desk was out there helping and handing people forms. Once they opened, it took me 26 minutes total to get my AZ title, registration, and drivers license. Holy shit that's a record.Tips: Check the website to verify all of the forms and pieces of ID you need. I noticed that there were some people in line who had no clue. Also, I filled out my license request online and printed out a bar code to bring with me to the DMV.Go in the morning during the middle of the week.BIG UPS to the front desk lady for holding down the fort on her own. That woman can multitask like no other! I'd probably have a meltdown if I had to constantly deal with stupid people all day, every day. She had a smile on her face the whole time. It was only the start of her day, so I'm not sure if this holds true until the end of her shift.
1	The line begins to form before 7am. The doors open at 8. Is this a Motley Crue concert or the DMV? Imagine the slowest most agonizing death possible. Add to that scene giggling teenagers and zombie-like civil servants and the waiting for your number to be called as if you're at the deli at Fry's. All that's between you and waiting another 2 hours is a tiny slip of paper with a letter followed by three numbers."our computer is down, we can't print out your license so you'll have to visit another location" -next location @ 26th Ave & the 101-"our computer is down, we can't..."Pfffft!
5	I walked in and 45 minutes later walked out with a brand new Arizona drivers license. In California this would have taken 5 hours without an appointment and 2 1/2 with one. People who complain about the DMV clearly either haven't been in a while or have never experienced the hell of other states.Great job Arizona - one of the few government services you get right!
2	3 forms of ID to get a license?  Sigh.  Guess I'll head back AGAIN next week.
1	WTF
1	Very Slow, unorganized and filled with crazy people. But you dont have to see them often since the license is given for 40 years.Good that they accept Credit Cards ...Be prepared to spend 2 hours there.
3	They are extremely busy and not all the counters are open. Just dont plan anything if you are going to this place. Services are good and the staff is friendly.
3	The lines begin early and even though I was there at 7:45. I did not get out until past 9 AM. I would bring things to do. The staff all look well put together and were friendly :)
3	Went in on a Monday afternoon at around 130 thinking the place would be dead. No dice. It was the busiest I've ever seen it, I'm talking standing room only. Thats when I relized that it was the 15th (registraton renewal day)  Fortunately the staff was prepared and I was out in about an hour and 20 minutes. I was there to get my name changed on my license , the process was quick and easy fill out a form get my picture taken then sit down and wait to be called.The only drawback of this location is the caliber of people you are surronded by.lots of screaming kids and people who apparently don't know what a shower is. Parking can also be difficult when the place is so busy, but there is a building next door (on the south side) that has uncovered parking spaces that you can use.
4	Moving real quick today...!!!!
4	I'm going to have to give this place 4 stars.Yes, it took about 2 hours to get my driver's license, but I had a place to sit and once I received my license and found that I didn't need to renew it for about 20 years... well, heck yeah!And while I waited I sure did get a good show, presented by the good ole folks of northern phoenix.  I saw every type of person that you could imagine.  I especially like the grandma, her meek daughter, and the hideously ugly baby-child.  There was this B movie back in the 70's called "It's Alive".  It was 'that' baby.  I'm sure it was beautiful on the inside, though.Jamie Lynn was having a serious conversation with her mother.  Evidently she had found the wrong man in her life:"Mom, I know he loves me. He really does.""You don't know shit.  Dump that son of a bitch or I swear I'll kick your ass out on the street and this baby along with you.  Don't think I won't.""But momma..""Don't but me, kick that bastard out or I swear I'll get someone to kill the bastard."I stuck my tongue out at the baby, thinking 'it' would laugh at me, but it only screamed.  I looked up just in time to see 'grandma' giving me the evil eye, but I never minded her none.  The baby though... man, just thinking about it still gives me the creeps.
4	Had to think about it, could I possibly be "a fan" of a DMV/MVD location?  Well, maybe not "raving", but after 4 separate occasions to visit this location over the past couple of years - yes.  The place is clean, the interior and exterior even attractive, and on all four visits every single person that I had to deal with was courteous and competent. I had to make one return trip for lack of documentation, but the fault on that was mine. Of the four occasions, the worst wait, having wandered in in the middle of a week day afternoon, was 90 minutes.   Frankly, considering the pay and unpaid furlough days and the unending stream of public customers, at best unenthused to be there, and many at far less than their best, I was rather favorably impressed. Your experience of course may vary, but as for me for now, my compliments.
4	We all know you're going to HATE paying this place a visit, but it's a matter of how painful it is compared to the others. Here, the seating is sparse, but they get you in and out pretty quick. I had a new license in 90 minutes. Other places may take FOUR HOURS for the same. It was super cool that everyone was nice, and none of the staff looked ready to go postal. Even the people were pleasant and patient. Don't get me wrong, I refuse to say any aspect of this place is enjoyable...but you can do worse. Lots worse.
1	Not friendly. Don't care because it is good enough for government work. I think if I work there I would lose my mind. This place is below 50ft of crap
4	The service has gotten better.  They will never get five stars because there is small things that they could do to make service faster.  The people are real friendly and willing to help.
2	Too slow here. Not all but some of the people that work here must really hate their job and people.
3	It's the MVD. Nobody wants to be here. It is slow and tedious. The line to get in line took about 20 minutes. But the person that helped us made it bearable. She was fast, friendly, and should be commended. On the way out, my wife was so impressed with someone working a job that has to be frustrating (people constantly yelling at you and being annoyed) that she asked for a manager to compliment the person.I would not say it was a pleasant experience. But it could have been worse.
3	Well, it is the MVD. Plan to spend an hour waiting in line to get a ticket that will tell you how long you have to wait in line. Pretty sure there should be an MVD drinking game- Kid screams, take a drink. Same number called twice in a row, take a drink. Told to come back with additional paperwork, finish your drink (and go home to search your files). Judging from the website where you can see average wait times, this is one of the faster locations in the West Valley.The ONE bright spot in this (and the reason for the third star) was that the woman who helped us transfer the title on a car was fantastic. She was fast, friendly, helpful, and knew her stuff. I can imagine that working for the MVD is not a pleasant job, but she made the experience as positive as humanly possible. Because I believe excellent customer service should be commended, I asked to talk to her manager and told the manager our service was great. The manager was on the phone, but I do hope that employee got an extra pat on the back for a job well done.
1	This has to be the slowest with the rudest people working here in arizona. Everytime I come here the computers always go down and backs everything up by Atleast an hour more. I think on their application it has a box that you have to check to make sure you are unfriendly and hate working with the public. I will be driving 35 minutes out of my way from now on to go to the one on bell and close to grand this place sucks the life out of you with all it's negative energy. This place should just be shit down none of the employees wanna be here anyway it's totally written on their faces.
5	If you are sweet to the workers here, they are sweet with you. My experience here is always above and beyond. Be nice and courteous and realize that they interface with hundreds of people a day. They can use a kind word to motivate them.
1	It's a prime example of a poorly run government agency. Never understand why the expectation of service has to be so low! My solution, privatize the whole thing, make it for profit and watch customer service improve!
3	Lessons I've learned from going to the MVD.  1. No matter how early you arrive, there will already be a line waiting when you get here.2. I truly believe that there are people paid by the department to be in line before you get here.3. They accept cards for payments.4. Their online waiting times feature is a lie.5. There is hardly any parking here so be prepared to circle the lot several times.6. It is mandatory for at least one child to scream in here while you are waiting.
4	When it comes to a motor vehicle department, this location is actually not all that bad. Service is decent and wait time is expected but not exaggerated.I've been here 3 times, average wait is 1 hour. Shortest 30 minutes, longest 1.5 hours.They have enough seating to accommodate the capacity of people coming in and out.
2	This location is tragically slow. I would not be surprised if they lack a full work force to accommodate all customers. The employees seem tightly wound & lack interpersonal communication skills. An instructor employee in particular, "Cindy" was especially rude & aggressive. This imp seriously needs a reprimand. I approached a supervisor concerning this disturbing behavior but she seemed uninterested in assisting.   :/
1	Why always such a long wait... ??? And if waiting is forever long, why install those most uncomfortable park bench... Staffs are awful & unhelpful & slow... Really ?
