2	Okay, so I've been down here for two months now and have failed to find a good nail salon. I found this place to be way overpriced, and the service below average. I came in asking for a manicure and pedicure, and I couldn't be understood by the woman at the front. I was speaking clear English but she couldn't understand me, which made it difficult. We finally understood each other and I was led to my seat, but only to be taken care of by someone else who spoke no English! A male employee had to keep translating, until he finally sat down himself and finished for me. I wasn't even asking for anything specific, just a simple manicure/pedicure. It wound up costing $60 - I used to pay $40 in New York for manicure/pedicure/wax, so I thought this was a little ridiculous. You could definitely skip this salon...
4	I have been going here for years and it's my salon of choice. I have never gotten a bad pedicure here, and the staff is always friendly and attentive. They have the best massage chairs of anywhere I've been in Charlotte - LOVE them. They used to do the parafin wax on your feet for free - they don't do that anymore but a mani/pedi usually runs me about $38-ish (not sure why the other poster said $60?). The only complaints I have is that sometimes the music is loud in there, and they sometimes offer you wine and sometimes they don't - not sure why. But overall the salon is clean, friendly, reasonable, and in the heart of Ballantyne which makes it convenient to have a mani/pedi and then grab a good bite to eat!
3	First time at Posh nails.  Our usually place was unavailable so we tried Posh.  I made an appointment the night before.  Arrived at appointment time and the took us right away.  My husband and I had the deluxe pedicure.  Which came with paraffin wax.  I have to say that this nail salon is very clean.  I'm use to dipping your feet into the wax; which makes a huge mess.  Instead they put the wax (liquid) into a baggy and then you put each foot into a bag with the wax.  They rub the wax to ensure that it covers your feet.  My feet are really soft.  I also had pink/white nails that she ended up sanding down and putting gel on top.  I originally wanted to soak off but since my nails were so thin she recommended leaving a layer of the acrylic on for added strength.  The staff is very friendly.  My nails turned out ok some of the edges are not how I would like but I'm the only one that can tell. As far as time we were there for an hour and half.  Not bad considering my usual place we are there for at least 2 hours or more. They also offer waxing, threading, facials and makeup.  There is a makeup artist on the spot. She had several clients during my visit. I will go back and I'd like to get a makeup application the next time.
5	This place was just heavenly after the terrible Nini Nail Salon fiasco I have been through. They are clean, have great service (everyone who works there is actually super nice) and I think the prices are reasonable for what they offer. One additional bonus is that they have the current color trends.I would highly recommend it for everyone.
5	Recommend it.
5	This is my favorite nail salon!  The owners are always welcoming and cheerful when I come in, and I have always been very pleased with my manicure & pedicure.  The prices are very reasonable, especially for the Ballantyne area. I've found that other area salons charge a little more and the services aren't any better. Keep up the good work Posh!!
5	I'm not a mani/pedi person. I went with my aunt who got a pedi. My manicure has not chipped yet in four days. The prices were reasonable, everything including tools are clean. Lots of polish to choose from and they don't look old or gloopy.  The gentleman who took care of me turned up the football game for me to watch and shared a nice conversation with me. The only thing I didn't like was the cuticle cutter wasn't as sharp as I'd like and pulled on my skin a bit instead of cutting. I'd go def back.
5	I'm not a mani/pedi person. I went with my aunt who got a pedi. My manicure has not chipped yet in four days. The prices were reasonable, everything including tools are clean. Lots of polish to choose from and they don't look old or gloopy.  The gentleman who took care of me turned up the football game for me to watch and shared a nice conversation with me. The only thing I didn't like was the cuticle cutter wasn't as sharp as I'd like and pulled on my skin a bit instead of cutting. I'd go def back.
