4	Amazing Clowns is a hodgepodge of concepts and ideas - some of which works very well.  The owner is Ray Wold, the Guinness Book of Records holder for the "longest live burn," a man who nightly works at Cirque du Soleil's "O" who literally walks, reads a newspaper, and relaxes nonchalantly while he bursts into flames.  He has a long history as a performer all over the world as an old-school clown and the principles and concepts that he holds are the same for Amazing Clowns as well.The facility has a typical carnival esque style feel with puppets, rides, theater, clowns, fire, performers, popcorn machines, etc that also travel - so if you wanted to throw a circus event for your child/celebration/party - you have that option.  Remember: certain pieces of equipment are renter operated but several pieces need handlers.  The number one rule with this company is more is less - For multiple acts/rentals the price per unit/equipment goes down.  So go all out.  Make sure you book well in advance as oftentimes Ray will have other obligations he's working with and you might end up with another talented clown who isn't Ray but is just as well known.It's a very versatile space with a lot to offer but remember that while this can work well for many ages, this place is particularly good for children and the young at heart.
1	DO NOT RENT FROM THEM!  Broken and unsafe equipment and terrible customer service!  The machines they rent are broken and they are held together with "bubble gum and baling wire".  They tried to fix the dunk tank with a trailer hitch?!?  Really?  Run, don't walk from this company...
5	We went to Ray Wold's Monday night comedy show during Christmas week and had a great time. When we first arrived it looked a little dead, so me and the others in my group were a little concerned. However, they made us feel welcome and at ease and put on a great show for us. If you're up for something a little different such adult clown comedy, a little singing, and to hear some amature comedy acts, then this is a great show for you to see. Thank you again Ray for putting on a fun and interactive show for us!
5	We have hired Amazing Clowns on several occasions for birthday parties for our kids. They are SO accommodating and helpful!  Ray, his wonderful wife and their team went above and beyond to ensure that the parties were a great success and not just for our parties but for friends and colleagues as well.  Though we left Las Vegas for greener (and more mountainous) pastures, we have since missed having the opportunity to have the kids' parties with Amazing Clowns - as for the comment about nothing working and being held together with wire and gum, I never saw anything like that - the equipment isn't new but it all worked just fine.  I would use them again every year if I could and our kids talk about them often. When we hired them for our daughter's 4th birthday, they provided a bouncy house, popcorn machine, snow cones, cotton candy and gift bags. They also had Cinderella come by for a visit.  For my son it was a little lower-key but it was a Captain Feathersword/Henry the Octopus party and they brought the popcorn, cotton candy and snow cone machines then as well. They made sure that everyone left happy!  We haven't seen the more adult offerings, but having worked with them and hired them, I would happily suggest Amazing Clowns for your next birthday party!
4	Having our daughters' birthday party here was 'amazing'.We rented the entire facility for a night as well as a few rentals-Ferris wheel, train, jumper. We've had parties at lots of different places and all kinds of different types of activities. This has been the collective favorite.I was a bit concerned about how the older kids would take the performance and magic show. I have the best pictures and memories of babies to adults, everyone was so enamored and stopped in their tracks. Very entertaining, engaging and fun for kids of all ages. Very pleasantly surprised!The price for everything was very reasonable considering all we got, the fact that I got it all for 2kids, it was 2for1. They'd actual agreed on doing their party together! We had a whole carnival for the night and a birthday celebration we'll never forget.This is unique and fun. The first impression was a little off,. Far from everything in an older part of town and aging building. That is definitely a parent hang up though. Moving past that and realizing kids don't really care when the last updated remodel was done, is vital. The food was my biggest problem. It was hard and stale. Not appetizing at all. I did not like that they even sold food options we had not originally chosen...that's very tacky and I felt it necessary to have them just add those things onto our bill after it had been presented as available to our guests and not charge them!Throwing a big party for 2 kids is a little stressful as most parents know.  For the amount of people there and rave reviews from everyone, it was a relatively simple process. They've got a pretty much self contained private carnival. Exactly what we were looking for...I don't think there's any other option locally.I encourage checking out one of their open shows/activities first and touring the facilities before booking, to be sure it's what you and your children are looking for.It's one of the best, most memorable parties we've ever had :)
