2	over crowded, under staffed, and not very clean.  my suggestion would be to go on a Monday or Tuesday.  It is not a fun place for little ones any more. Apparently now tweens and teens like to spend friday nights there instead of at the mall
4	This is a great place to bring the kids or hold a birthday party. We've had 2 of my son's parties at Peter Piper and everyone has a blast. The pizza is really good too, I have to admit. My favorite is the veggie with jalapenos. What I like most about this PP is that it's always clean. I've been to other pizza/party places that smell bad when you walk in. Never the case here.
5	5 stars for a kid's pizza place you say?  Yes, and I will tell you why.  This Peter Piper Pizza location is the best I have been to.  Clean, friendly staff, and great pizza (really!  try the Chicago Classic - yum!).  A good place for both adults and kids to hang out.  They have beer and wine; it's an inexpensive happy hour for the ol' folks!  The gameroom guy treated my children like gold, fixing a broken game promptly & even bumping up their ticket count a bit so my daughter could get a coveted 500 ticket prize.  Management ensured we had a reserved table for the last birthday party we held for 20+ people, and the staff promptly served the pizzas directly to our table (normally you get a buzzer to pick up your own).  You can tell that the staff at this location takes pride in their work and serving the customer.  My family and I are loyal fans!
3	So I drove by here on my way home from work and remembered this place as a kid in Vegas.  I noticed they had a $4.99 buffet so thought why not try it.Food:  Well you get what you pay for.  Pizza tasted somewhat cardboard like.  To be fair this may have been due to it setting out for the buffet.  The breadsticks were okay but also somewhat store bought.  They did have an amazing cinnamon dessert pizza.  I would say this made up for the pizza itself.  They had salads however it looked like the dressing was already mixed in which I can't say I have ever seen at a buffet of any sort.  Once again I am aware this is a place for kids and it was only 4.99.Environment:  Meant for kids obviously.  Arcade for fun, but TVs with ESPN for the adults that are there.  It is what you'd expect.  Wouldn't go out of my way to eat here again, but if I am feeling really nostalgic I might try it again one lunch.  $4.99 is hard to beat.
4	This is an excellent location for kids gatherings. There are a wide variety of kid games, the location is spacious, and more than everything the venue is clean. I wouldn't count on the taste since the pizza tastes like cardboard at kid pizzarias but that's okay! As long as the kids are happy you should be fine, and I think you can accomplish that at PPP.
4	Great place to take kids in the hot summer!Great place for birthday parties!!The food is okay, but I don't recommend the salads. Just get the pizza, whichever crust you prefer. I like the boneless wings, and there's even beer!!The games usually are working well, and if there are any issues, the staff is quick to respond if you let them know. It seems like everyone is pretty patient, which I understand can be difficult at a zoo like this! They offer coupons on receipts, and there are token & food deals.The prizes are pretty typical, but I haven't brought any children who have complained yet!!The ac works great too. For what it is, great job!!Cleanliness is above satisfactory. Again, this is definitely a difficult task and I applaud the staff.
2	The food was ok. Place is very clean, hence the 2 stars.  The gaming area had all faulty machines.  Some of them don't work at all and the others either suck your tokens or spit less tickets. Overall so disappointed that I'm writing this review while I'm still sitting here.  No value for money.
