5	Its a very different experience then your typical cigar lounge.  Its in the older part of downtown by Fremont street on Las Vegas Blvd.They only cell cigars that they make.  So if you are looking for the run of the mill smokes that you can get anyone this isnt your place.I have known Vicente for sometime now so my review may be a little biased but a good smoke is still a good smokeI Love cigars its like my air, and if you ever have a problem in life there is nothing that a cigar cant fix along with a nice glass of cognac.  I smoke a variety of cigars but look for more full body smokes.  My favorite cigars are montecristco # 2 from Cuba, rocky patel vintage 1990, rocky patel fusion and sun grown.  CAO italia and mx2 I also love about almost any cigar that Vicente RollsThe Don rolls a interesting cigar that he calls the pyramid since its rounded and has just one crease kind of like a pyramid.  He uses only the best tobacco and has a full leave in almost all of his blends.  The wrapper for the pyramid always burns great.  The best part is I never get an after taste with his cigars.  When I am done smoking so is the taste.Vicente also now rolls a new cigar that 60 gauge that is excellent and burns niceAll of his cigars have a unique flavor that you can just sit and relax and let your taste buds explore.  One minute you will be tasting some zesty spice, then you go to a sweet chocolate flavor, to a almost coffee like taste.  If you are a cigar lover its definitely worth a try.Also the lounge makes Cuban coffee that is the best, if you love coffee and never had a cup of Cuban coffee you need to stop by. Hope this all made sense anyways give them a try
5	My friends were trying to by some of the legal weed substitute next door to this shop.  SInce they were out of business we though why not try a Cigar. This place was nice and Don really hooked me up.  He rolled me a flavored vanilla cigar right there and had me light it up.  I have to say I loved it and bought a couple.  I would recommend this place to anyone looking for really nice cigar roller..
5	I am a total cigar snob. Now that includes where I smoke it lol. These guys rock! Love the smokes and I love the setup. You can grab a few, light one up and smoke it on site. They have some LCDS there and the guys are cool as shit. Totally a cool place to hang. Love it and the smokes are whacked out. DV rolls some amazing smokes. Highly recommend.
5	Best cigars in Vegas. Stop by when you are in town. Hand rolled and name brand cigars and accessories. Wonderful ash trays and stands. The characters in here are with the trip. Very helpful and talkative!
5	Great cigars and wonderful people!  The owner is a fifth generation Cuban Cigar manufacturer.  They have a great selection of their own brand that are made on site and have a nice selection of other brands as well. Spending a few hours there, you can learn quite a bit about cigar rolling in the traditional Cuban method.  All of the rollers are Master Cigar Rollers who previously worked in the cigar factories in Cuba!
5	Spent a pleasant couple of hours smoking a fine cigar and reading a table book about what else, cigars. Hospitable owners, offered expresso to go with our smoke. Definitely wish they have places like this shop back home! Bought a few more cigars to go. Nice way to spend an afternoon in Vegas.
5	Stopped in here for a few sticks while I was waiting for a friend to land at McCarran.  Very glad I did.  The staff was super helpful and knowledgeable, and the cigars were out of this world.  I asked for their recommendation and was soon happily puffing away on a beautiful 6x50 Connecticut that was so newly rolled it hadn't even been banded yet.  I spent a few very pleasant hours here puffing away and enjoying the company of a rogue's gallery of colorful folks who were all extremely friendly and very knowledgeable about the local area.The place is located in the older part of Las Vegas, a few blocks away from Fremont Street.  I'll be honest, I was a little put off by the neighborhood and the small storefront at first, but 5 minutes after walking in I felt like an honored guest.  For the most part their prices are extremely competetive, but when you feel like spending a few bucks more, it's well worth your while.  This place is definitely one of those hidden gems that gets ignored because it's not on the Strip or Fremont street, but it's definitely worth a visit.
5	Was walking back to my hotel in downtown & stopped by. Got Welcomed in by Vincente "The Don" Perez one of the nicest guys in the cigar business as he gave the whole run down on his cigars and I was impressed with his product, I highly recommend if you're in the area, shop is easy to find on the Vegas blvd. I love rich flavored cigars especially Nicaraguan ones like Pardon that I really enjoyed "The Dons" recommedations on brand, he's even got a website to order and in his shop a showroom to puff away in. If you're a high roller he even has got high priced $$$$ Russian cigars! Hospitality was spot on!!
5	First time smoking a whole cigar & so glad it was here.  The cigar I smoked was rolled on site.  The owners Josh & his girlfriend Darril are very pleasant.  Josh was kind enough to give me a tour & teach me about what makes a good cigar.  There are four older men smoking & playing dominoes who we learned are regulars.  One made coffee & it has been the best coffee that I've had in my life.  I forgot to ask him what type of coffee that was.  It was a good accompaniment to my cigar experience.  The environment is friendly & laid back.
5	Greatest cigar I've ever smoked. Friendly family like staff. Don Vicente's is the hotspot meeting place for whales, celebrities, masons and greasy people to know!
5	Amazing cigars. Amazing service.  Don Vincente is easy to find, offers amazing house rolled cigars and is the most hospitable shop I've ever been to.  Go with his recommendations.  His hand rolled cigars are flavorful, smooth and are very reasonable in price.  I returned a few days later to pick up a box for home.  Upon our return, Vincente offered us a few drinks to go along with a fine cigar which I enjoyed in the store.  I never felt rushed and surely did not feel pushed to buy anything.  I am so glad to have stumbled upon this shop.  Definitely a gem and a must for anyone who enjoys a fine smoke.
