5	Literally you cannot get a better gym experience for the price.  Keep in mind this is not the place for gym rats or people looking for serious amenities. This is a place where you can always find a machine and get the job done quickly without worrying about what you look like while doing it. I've never seen anyone hunting for a date and never felt uncomfortable getting my sweat on.
4	I really enjoy this gym, mainly because it is nearly almost always empty.  I can't stand waiting for equipment when I am working out.  I want to get in and out as quick as possible!
4	I joined this gym so I could work out after I had surgery and I am slowly trying to gain my strength back in my legs after being wheelchair bound for 6 months. The gym is pretty new and I like the fact I can work out and no one is bugging me to sign up for all the extra training sessions and such. The only negative I would say is my first time there was not very welcoming, no tour of the facility or anything so I am not sure really how to work much of the equipment. Nothing was explained such as the massage tables and massage chairs I had to ask how they worked. Overall worth the 19.99 a month and if it helps me in the end, its a great deal.
1	My one experience at this gym was bizarre and uncomfortable. Staff was unprofessional and unwelcoming.  They claim to give off a non- judgement vibe.... Funny because I've never felt so judged and uncomfortable @ a gym in my life!
5	This gym is great for someone like me. It's an amazing workout with no pressure. And the staff is very helpful. And did I mention the Hydro beds you got to try to hydro beds!!!
3	Gym is a good value, my only thing is the wifi never works which may be enough to make me walk
4	First time going to this gym as a guest and it is a nice looking place. Clean and well taken care of. I like that there are a lot of HD TV's all over the place. I went around 11pm and there was only a few people there which was cool. I think I will buy a membership this week.
1	Sad.  Unfriendly....not even unfriendly in fact.  Like I wasn't even there.  The girl at the front spouted a response about providing a number before even saying hello or good morning.  I was planning on switching from LA Fitness but no way.  A gym is a gym for the most part.  Weights, cardio, etc.  It also thrives on atmosphere.  Otherwise people could (and do) just work out at home.  This place reminds me of a bigger version of 24 Hour Fitness.  If you've never used a gym before, I'm sure you'll love it.  I mean that respectfully.  Eventually though, you will move on if you are dedicated to improvement.  If you have ever worked out seriously in your life, go give this place a look and you'll walk out as quickly as I did.  Its just basic and no one there seems to be doing much of anything.
5	So far I'm happy, but only day one. Had a nice tour and explanation of my benefits for getting black card. I'm excited to use all the amenities and happy with my decision. Was no stress or pressure like others!
2	I just joined this club and am very disappointed in the poor management. The over head fan has been broken for over two weeks. There is no moving air amongst people running treads and exercising. Miserable. You would think in two weeks, management would go to harbor freight and purchase a couple cheap standup fans.
