5	Devoured Culinary Classic, formerly the "West of Western," culinary festival, was a huge hit!  I attended on this past Sunday, and ate my way through the many local restaurants that were there.  It was well-run, it happened to be a beautiful day, awesome people watching, and oh so many friends in attendance... what a blast!I didn't take the time to see the Ansel Adams exhibition, so I will have to return to PAM again soon to do that.  I did, however, eat the following:-Scallop with English Pea Risotto from Different Pointe of View-Shrimp Ceviche from Chelsea's Kitchen-Gazpacho from Arcadia Farms-Posole from Green-Ginger Sweet Potato Pudd'n from Breadfruit-Lambchop with Farfalle and Savory Creme Brulee from Talavera-Waloo Tataki in lettuce wrap and Grilled Chicken Meatball from Hana-Machaca from KaiApparently, I missed a kick-ass Beef Wellington from Petite Maison as well as samples from a handful of other restaurants.  Jared made up for what I passed on, including a Crab Cake Slider from Relish and three-four extra servings of Cowboy Ciao's Frosted Flake Ice Cream & Brittle with Malted Oatmeal Cookie.  Yes, I will definitely have to try to get in an extra workout or two this week to make up for all of those extra calories I "devoured" on Sunday.Thanks to Phoenix Art Museum, Local First Arizona, and The Arizona Republic for putting it on... I look forward to this annual festival in the years to come!
5	This has to be one the best culinary events I have been to. The participants were awesome, from tasty appetizers to meal samples to deserts my tummy had a warm and full feeling when I left. My taste buds were stimulated at each stop, the chefs were friendly and more than willing to tell you what was in it, and how it was made. Drinks were also taken care of from different wines to iced teas and various coffees to margaritas and vodka drinks. Also Fiji Water available for those that just wanted the simple wet. The portions were more than plentiful as there were a lot of booths. Crab burgers, Kobe burgers, scallops, shrimp, lamb chops, carved duck,  pastas, all were awesome. Just thinking about the experience is making me full. All for $20, not sure there was a better deal in town over the weekend. The weather also played a role as it was the first weekend that it was nice an warm in Phoenix. Can't wait for the next one!
5	Dayum you Gabi! I had it my mind (fuzzy as it has been since Sunday) to be the FTR on this event. Well. Who cares! What a fabulous day. It was like seeing family. I saw industry folk, lots of yelpers and so many of my customers and neighbors from the CenPho hood!Corn Dogs from District! Seriously. I could eat those babies for breakfast. Gelato from Chelsea's Kitchen!? Seriously I could eat that for breakfast!Sea Scallops with pea risotto from A Different Pointe of View. Yep. Breakfast. Eggs over easy. Done deal.And the wine! The tequila. And the Dragonberry Rum. Yep. Hair of the dog. Breakfast all the way.PAM has never looked prettier to me. And by the end of the day. Everyone I saw had never looked prettier to me. Recall the wine, tequila and rum!Great event. GO PHOENIX FOODIES!Five stars. Great double date with Rickie, Anton and Dave. The only bad things was the neon green drink band clashed with my black and pink Hello Kitty bracelet.Hmmm...
5	Oops sorry for the late review, didn't know there was a thread set up for it. \I went to the Sunday Event and it was amazing, i don't think i've had that much fun in a while.  You will have a chance to try out all the up and coming restaurant in the valley, the big dogs and the chiwauwaus.  I strongly suggest anyone who enjoys food or just eating in general should try to attend this event next year.
5	This was my first time attending Devoured, and I needed it to be good.  Since CRAVE was postponed, then canceled, then a hassel to get our refund, I was looking for a great new tasting event to sink my teeth into. Devoured was fantastic. What an amazing location to be held in the sculptural garden at the Phoenix Art Museum. The restaurants and wineries represented did a great job at keeping the food and drinks flowing. I think everyone there also appreciated the bottled fuji water coolers around the event as the sun got a little warm. Some of my favorites included the chocolate-peanut butter mouse dessert from Arogant Butcher, the goatsmilk cheese and tomato jam bruschetta at Postinos, and the vegan buffalo wing from Green Restaurant.  I will definitely be back next year!
5	Sunday highlights: Lobster & pancetta ravioli, with morels and pea shoots from Different Pointe of View. A highlight....Avocado ceviche from McClendon Farms. Anything Payton Curry touched- both pates, the sausage, the soup.... it was ridiculous. Kai put out an amazing spread: the brioche with an egg was wonderful, the ceviche was wonderful, and pork was delicious. There was a vodka lemonade that was pretty stellar, too.  42 something. Province had some smoked salmon I really enjoyed as well. There was a lot of fluff, and word to the wise, avoid vegan marshmallows, regardless of what they're dipped in.... Mostly though, it was so nice to just be out and about in a beautiful venue, full of people who love food, to run into all your friends...  it was a highlight.
5	An Affair not to be missed . Besides the Amazing participating restaurants of the valley it really was a party as we ran into friends and also great live music such as Rodger Clyne and you could walk around the Art Museum included . not all but many restaurants had a few different things to try some were like buffets on their own also it was almost like a culinary trade show not like a Costco sample demo , the restaurants put out quality representations of their work La Grande Orange or Cibo (shaved brussel sprout salads,pepperoni pizza , Kai (quail egg w/bacon on top of a tiny french toast,chocolate & pork) Petite Masion (seafood ball) Cowboy Ciao (bite size ice cream sandwich) Narcisse Champagne & Tea Lounge (pepidew pepper cheese crosstini) Short leash( not only dogs but fried pickles) St Frances (cauliflower soup) too many others to mention . Pork belly was everywhere offered to eat and on people attending . almost never more than 3 people before you waitingTerrific wines some were Stags Leap , Etude , and AZ wineries . Some foods were also butlered to people attending , bottled water everywhere . only one place didn't prepare food ok...you could get sick from it becauce it was cooked meat that was raw and ice cold inside .next year will bring sunscreen burnt today .
5	This was my first event as I am a newbie here, but, after speaking with others who come regularly to this event, we all agreed it should be held a week or two earlier.  Why?  We all broiled in the sun.However, it was a fun and lively event to be sure.  Some of the food was fantastic and some was meh seeing that it was either pork belly gussied up with some good sauce (pork belly?  Really?  This is the new "In" thing?  Wow...there really is one born every minute then.) or it was just pico de gallo on a cracker/bread-type thing that the restaurant was trying to pass as the new "it" flavor.  However, there was some outstanding foods there.I cannot believe I missed any ceviche sold or those lobster ravioli everyone was raving about, but I did get some great foods from places  like Fez and St. Francis--and even someone was handing out cotton candy!  Now, that WAS thrilling as I haven't had cotton candy in probably 30 years.From what I understand from regular Devoured visitors, Saturday's event was much better than Sundays, but I went Sunday so I have no way to judge.  All I know is I ate until I didn't dare take another bite...or they would have had to supply the old infamous Vomitoreaum on site.  They didn't...so I stopped eating.The drinkers in the crowd--which was pretty much everyone but me--seemed pretty happy with what was being served, too.This was a fun event for all adult ages.  I plan to go again for sure.
4	Another really good event.I went on Saturday and my favorites were Modern Steak's kobe beef and lobster sliders and Talavera's beef tenderloin.
5	This has been the best food event each year for the past 2 years. It's nicely set up, however this year was more crowded than the last. The range of food is always a plus, however many restaurants served small soft tacos which end up just blending together in my memory. My favorite part of the event are the cooking demos given by chefs of well known restaurants. The chefs do a great job explaining the process of the dish they are cooking and it's definitely a nice break from the endless eating that can go on at an event like this. I loved Relish Burger's Kobe beef burgers, so much so that I will probably try them out at the restaurant in the near future. Different Pointe of View served lobster ravioli with a delicious cream sauce. I was also pleasantly surprised by the quality of the Arizona wineries which were on hand.
1	I was really excited about this event, maybe my expectations were too high, because I was really underwhelmed.  Very little shade, ran out of water, by the time I got there at 1pm (other obligations) 20% of the vendors were out of food, and by the time I ate my way through some, everyone else was already out.   60 bucks for that?  I don't think so.  And when I mentioned it to "the person in charge", he was patronizing, invalidating and kept telling me how happy the chefs were.  Well, I'm your consumer, big guy.  Sorry, Devoured, wish it could have been better. What food I did try, was pretty good.
5	This was my first time at Devoured and it was great! I know some of the other reviewers were upset about the heat. Perhaps they didn't notice that there was a lovely museum with air conditioned halls and excellent exhibitions that one could retreat to when slightly flushed from all that sun (read: wine). I thought it was well organized with plenty of places to sit down and relax. I am in total agreement with Patrick H. The Kobe and Lobster sliders were definitely a stand out as was the peanut butter mousse with peanut brittle and chocolate fudge. As always, the Pillsbury wines were fantastic. Pillsbury- you did not lie. The Roan red was a wonderful BBQ wine and great for the early spring heat we were experiencing. This event was very successful in my opinion. I am now excited about eating in AZ and we are planning on becoming Pillsbury members. Well done Phoenix Art Museum, Local First Arizona, and The Arizona Republic!
5	Yet another impressive event! While the heat always gets you, it was much less muggy then last year. I was very impressed by the increase in the amount of beer vendors in addition to wine vendors for this year's go-round. The demonstrations by Chef Payton and Chef Kantak + the infamous Richie Moe were definitely a highlight. I think the only improvement would be to segregate desert and coffee oriented offerings in to the shaded corner by the museum, instead of interspersed amongst the rest of the offerings. Otherwise, what a great time!
4	Guess who is completely over the Great AZ Picnic? Me!!My husband and I agreed that this year we would swap our yearly trek to Scottsdale Culinary Festival's Great Arizona Picnic for Devoured. I have heard wonderful things about it. I have been going to the GAP for about 9 years and it has gotten crappier, boozier, and sluttier every year. The first couple years it had up and coming chefs and unique restaurants. Now it has chains and crappy over-hyped restaurants. Is it still fun? Yeah, kind of. If you want to get drunk and people watch and you have a lot of money to do it. One year my friend and I counted the boob jobs. I think we got up to 38... But I digress...At first we were scared off by the ticket price of Devoured. Then we added up how much we typically spent at the GAP. It turned out to be less and it is in all inclusive price.When we first got in I was overwhelmed and giddy. It was pretty much a blur after that but lots of fun. Good vegetarian choices, LOTS of wine and booze tastings, Roger Clyne and his delicious tequila, and way less annoying people than GAP. And useful too! We walked out with cards and menus of restaurants we are dying to try.We got home late afternoon and I immediately fell into a food/wine/bliss coma and didn't wake up till 9pm.
5	my wife treated me to the event this year and can i say "oh poor poor belly". as usual, i follow the 20 minute rule...eat and drink as much as i can in 20 minutes because afterwards, i'm a sorry, full, lazy SOB. this was an amazing event. it replaced Crave (now defunct i guess) AZ as my favorite food festival. the tickets may seem a bit steep at first, but with so much great food and drinks, it pays for itself within 20 minutes. i was surprised to see all the places we had eaten before. i sometimes think we don't go out as much, but apparently we do. North, Switch, LGO, Postino, True Food, Stingray, Roka Akor, just to name a few. all excellent small plates. the wines scattered throughout were just as tasty. i was driving, so i didn't partake in too many, but what i tasted was excellent. AJ's had a desert table and fortunately, i was a stuffed piglet so i physically could not eat anymore, however, if was on death row, this is what i would request as my last meal. the museum was a great place to hold this event. it wasn't overly crowded and there was plenty of food and drink to go around. even water! there were cooking demonstrations to top it all off. if you go, bring something to take home extra cookies in. wear sunscreen and a hat. enjoy. wonderful event!
5	Another year, another Devoured! What a great event! Still located at the Phoenix Art Museum sculptural garden, and they even expanded this year to include two additional rooms indoors.The out-of-state wines were available for purchase, in addition to some sports and music memorabilia for auction (which seemed, out of place to me at a food event).Cocktails, entrees, appetizers, desserts, oh my. My husband and I even tried to split each portion so as not to get too full. Well, that only lasted so long. We were so pleased to see multiple fish dishes and beautiful salads available as we don't eat meat. Green Restaurant is always a favorite and they showcased a mock-BBQ chicken with coleslaw salad. The cedar-planked salmon from Switch? I think, was also amazing. My favorite cocktails of the day were a fabulous dessert port from Su Vino Winery, and a pineapple/tequila shot from...I have no idea because I had two of them.There seemed to be plenty of water this year, I remember last year the bottled water ran out as it was a really hot day. There was also more seating this year, which was nice, so you could sit and digest a little.Terrific event!!!!!
5	Devoured is my holy day - my Christmas, my Passover, my Winter Solstice, my everything. This year they showcased nearly 50 local restaurants and 30-some wineries.  There were several live music acts and people watching to last all day.  This event is held the perfect time of year - its a nice warm outside, not too hot.  Yes, it can get a bit toasty when standing in the direct sun while consuming alcohol, but that's nothing an ice cold Mai Tai from Hula's won't fix.Being a vegetarian at this event is not an issue.  There are plenty of vegetarian options and many chefs will make you a special little plate of their dish meat-free. I sometimes feel a little left out when some of the big-name, popular restaurants don't offer an option but I can go stuff my belly with something else! I do wish they would cap the number of tickets sold to maybe 2,000 a day. I feel like every year this event gets more and more crowded.  My poor dad who recently had surgery on his feet did not enjoy this event at all because the sheer number of people bumping into him made him uneasy. Also, what's up with Tammie Coe "selling out" at every food event I go to before I can try anything?! Bring more food, chica!! You know you're popular!!
5	WOW WOW WOW WOW WOW WOW WOW WOW WOW WOW WOW WOW WOWOkay, I'm getting carried away but I was so impressed with our first time attending this event!!!  We will NEVER miss this event again!  The food was amazing - good job to all the restaurant.
5	Did you know it was $79 for walking in the door for one day or the way in advance tickets were $90 for TWO DAYS not just one day.You really couldn't go wrong picking either day both were Great! You didn't have to wait long anywhere and water was provided for you. Many Area Restaurants participated and tried to impress you with tastings to razzie and dazzle you.On Saturday many offered good salmon but the one who nailed it was Switch Restaurant with a seared salmon unlike anyone's with a polenta cake arugula salad and a tiny Parmesan cheese crisp.The most beautiful eye popping salad came from St Francis Restaurant with greens I never saw before so colorful, so many textures words can not describe.Heirloom Beets were popular and District American Kitchen had them in a easy to eat  cone salad with strawberries that was very good and North also had them in a salad with house made ricotta and fennel.Maizie's  Cafe cooked up some real corned beef Reuben's on a marble rye.Some wineries and breweries were represented and one highlight was Mary Edwards with a very good Russian River Valley Pinot Noir conveniently located near all the Salmon.The one dessert that wowed me was the gold dusted lemon raspberry macaroon from The Four Seasons.On Sunday Kobe sliders and Turkey apple sliders from Relish.The best pork might have came from Barrio Queen and her side of corn in a cup was so tasty anyone would agree.The Breadfruit made great seasoned Mussels (who knew?)Large shrimp in chili oil came from the House of Tricks.Maybe the best prepared fish was the Steal head Trout from Kai it just melted in your mouth.I wasn't in a head cheese mood so I didn't try the fancy looking plate of head cheese from Petite Maison but I'd guess it was good.Short Leash dogs had a mini buffet spread of hot dogs.Tuck Stop had good muffulettas and Tammie Coe had very tasty Crack Cake.Betty's Nosh had several of their popular mushrooms and a yummy light custardy light carmel bread pudding.I couldn't mention everything that was good more more was.Only one place I thought didn't do well preparing food in an out door environment all the meats were over cooked and dry.The only downside was some things that I liked the most I didn't see offered on the restaurant's menus that they came from.
5	The most stuffed I've ever been in my entire life hasn't been in any of the great food cities of the world. It's been at Devoured, two years in a row.After a vivid recollection of last year: cringing from fullness while simultaneously forcing one of Green's roasted marshmallows down my throat, being unable to stop until I'd tasted every last dish, I thought I'd learned my lesson.This year, I managed not to completely finish any of the dishes (aside from Lon's dark chocolate-dipped salted caramel pop... sweet baby Jesus) and planned to leave feeling uncomfortably full, at most. However, on my way out, I saw that they expanded this year's lineup, setting up a handful of restaurant booths and an entire strip of dessert places inside the cafe and Great Hall. Rat bastards. I literally haven't eaten for 27 hours and am still full.My advice for next year: save anything that comes in a bag for later, and arrive STARVING. I cannot get enough of everything about Devoured. The food is stellar, the lines are non-existent (thanks to the flocks of people that essentially just go to drink and socialize), and the selection is immense enough to cause death by gluttony if you're the kind of person who has to taste everything. P.S .- I didn't even eat any meat and I pretty much rolled out of the festival.
5	I attended the Devoured event this year with my sister and had a fantastic time.  We both were overwhelmed and delighted by all the choices in food, wine, and desserts available for us to try.  We went on Sunday and even though there were a lot of people there, it wasn't so crowded that you couldn't maneuver around. Having some seating available inside when you needed a break from the foodie throng out in the garden was a big plus.  The weather was perfect, there was plenty of water around, and the staff was on top of keeping the place clean so overall it was just a really well executed event.  The cop directing traffic outside made it easy to get in and out stress free and I also really appreciated the free parking.My favorite dishes were actually the ones offered by the Santa Barbara group.  I had not been to the new cafe in the museum, cleverly named Palette (it was formerly Arcadia Farms) and I really like what they have done with the place.  They had samples of dishes they serve at The Farm at South Mountain and The House at Secret Garden and they were all just awesome. Butternut squash soup was creamy deliciousness in a cup, sweet potato salad was a fresh burst of flavor, truffle mac and cheesy was a-ma-zing, and the roasted pork croquettes were all of my favorite tastes mushed up together. I liked that they had recipe cards available too!  Some other highlights were the mussels from Breadfruit, ice cream from Churn, bruschetta from Postino, Elote (corn) from Barrio, burgers from Relish... and so many others that all blended together in my post event food coma.  And please, please, please... if anyone knows the name of that mushroom place from Glendale then message me because they are not listed in the program or the website.  Even though it is clear on the other side of town from me, I am willing to drive 45+ minutes for those little delectable little fungi!I also discovered my new favorite Spanish red wine called Tinto (Trenza).  I was a little disappointed that all the AZ wineries were hidden away all together in the back since I didn't encounter them until towards the end of the afternoon when I had already quit drinking (I was driving).  I do think having the desserts and wine available for sale in the great hall was a genius move so that you could grab a couple of treats and bottles to take home with you.  However, that was a bit of a hassle since if you did that you had to go thru a different exit because the docents were out in full force executing the "no food or drink in the museum" rule.  So, instead we skipped the bottle purchase and decided to take a tour of the museums' resplendent halls filled with wondrous, captivating, delightful works of art (yes, I like to use a thesaurus when I write my reviews sometimes).  My sister had never been before so that was fun for her and a great way to walk off some off the excess food and drink before heading home.With my museum membership the tickets were only $50.  I know that sounds like a lot but after stuffing ourselves with as much fantastic food from all our favorite places (and some new ones) and as much wine as you want it is actually quite a deal.  I agree with one of the other reviewers that this is way better than the GAP event that is part of the Scottsdale Culinary Festival because there you have to pay for food and drink in addition to the entrance fee and so I spent way more money there last year but the quality of selections just does not compare to Devoured.  And I get to support my favorite museum and LFA!  My sister and I agreed that we will make Devoured an annual event from now on.  Next year we will probably bring some more friends or maybe our husbands... if they are lucky!
5	This is a "Must Attend" charity event!  Ever been to the Scottsdale Culinary event where every skinny person is afraid to eat in public?  This puts Scottsdale Culinary to shame.  They don't call it Devoured for nothing.  Everyone is friendly and no one is afraid to eat.  It's an all-you-can-eat and drink fest with all of the the local valley restaurants and bars.  Sunday was too busy but Saturday was pleasant!  Don't miss it next year!
5	Our Favs 2013:  Breadfruits' Grilled calamari and Beckett's Tables' deep fried Deviled Eggs.  We were happy Santa Barbara wines were featured as well as many local vinos.  Did I mention the foie gras tacos? Or Relishes smoked pulled pork tacos?, or the pork belly Reuben's on pretzel bread or Fez's cold duck salad? A great day indeed!  Oh, that carrot coconut soup and the salmon cakes and....
5	So I was teetering between a five star and a four star but decided that my having a hangover on day two was not reeeally Devoured's fault...lol. I went to both days and must say that I think day one was a bit more fun (it was rainy and dreary which made the lines a little less intense and the food a little more satisfying (IMO). One of my faves from day one (and the winner of my day one Yelpee award for best overall performance and best dessert) was Gertrude's ... OMG they had a 'cookies and milk' play that was some kind of delicious ice cream on top of chocolate soup of sorts.....I LOVED that. Other honorable mentions include: Davanti Enoteca (full portions of pork sandwiches au jus.....ridiculously tasty and the smell was out of this world), the tiramisu from North, the ice cream sandwich from Churn (mint ice cream FTW), the whoopie pie from Whoopie Baking Company (seriously the best wp I have ever had...yum), and the short rib ravioli from Federal Pizza (When they had it again on day two I was doing a little happy dance, this ravioli was good...creamy cheese with amazing melty short rib in pasta...how could you go wrong? I was really turned off to FP, but now I am turned on once again! (TWSS)). Day two was a beautiful sunny day in Phoenix, but also made for longer lines and more crowding. The crowd became close to unbearable in the back by Kai. I'm not sure why they had Kai and J&G and a couple of the other sought after booths all in the same section, but the crowd was completely insane. When I finally made it up to the Kai booth, the food wasn't even THAT amazing, but I'm glad I got to taste it before paying for it. Kai had a funky cheese 'cake,' Foie gras mousse (this was off putting....everyone around me thought so too), and a delicious creme brulee (that I have a feeling was not creme, but something much fancier). They served their food in cute reusable dish wear, but only had ONE recycle station that was completely engulfed in the mob of a line that was around Kai. Needless to say, a lot of the adorable glass bottles and bamboo spoons were left on the tables in that section. Ok, on to my own personal Yelpee awards for day two: Best overall performance- Different Pointe of View for their Venison. Holy mother of someone..... this was so flippin delicious. The meat was the most tender meat I have had in a very long time. The polenta cake was amazing. The personal talk with the employees at the booth was even great. I never wanted to go to their restaurant, and now I definitely do, so bravo to them! The winner of best dessert goes to Kai for their delish creme brulee thingy (although they definitely get the winner of most pretentious booth with the biggest crowd sooo...). Honorable mentions go out to: Short leash...always delicious, friendly, and personable (Thanks Brad and Kate!), J&G - their steak with the cheese ball was really good, my only issue was the steak was super rare for me, but the flavor was great, House of Tricks - their duck soup was my second favorite dish overall of the day, so yummy with an awesome play on flavor and texture, Federal Pizza's short rib ravioli (again), Barrio Cafe (always delicious...this was no exception), and (surprisingly) the vegan salad from Brat house was very fresh and delicious. The Yelpee for best drink? Definitely the cucumber concoction from Windsor...I drank too many of these. Ok, Ok, this is all nice, but there are a few things that can be improved upon for this event next year including: Consider the lay out of the restaurants to include some lesser known or less desirable restaurants near the big draws to reduce the crowding in certain areas, make announcements of some kind when the demos start (maybe they did, but I didn't hear it and the one demo I went to started 20 minutes late so we were all sitting there like wtf for 20 minutes), put out recycle bins, don't make us carry one wine glass around all day so we don't have two hands to eat the food with....or provide one of those nifty wine glass slings or trays with the glass, and (I never ever thought I would say this but....) make the portion sizes smaller! Yes, I did say smaller. I had full plates of food being passed out by some of the vendors (*cough* chelsea's kitchen and Davanti*cough*...in fact, I didn't even try Chelsea's kitchen because I knew I wouldn't want that whole plate and didn't want to waste it). I love getting a big plate of food, but when there are 30+ places to try, I felt guilty wasting a ton of food due to either not liking the item or just being too full to eat that much. I bet at least 5000$ worth of food was just thrown away over the weekend due to large portion sizes. If the restaurants gave out a bite or two each, that would be perfect and reduce all of the waste (and allow people to go back and try their favorites again without being WAY too stuffed to do so). Overall, this event was amazing and I will attend next year again!
3	This was our 3rd year attending Devoured and while we had a great time, I think it may be our last.  What made Devoured a stand-out for me is the all-inclusive price.  No lame tickets or having to run around the event so you have the appropriate currency for the appropriate thing.  We swore off any food events that operate like this because we generally end up frustrated and hungry.  Each year, we've discovered gems we never knew existed and that's been great.  My main issue this year were the crowds.  I read something somewhere that there was less space because of construction but it seemed like the same size to me.  I'm wondering if they upped their capacity.  There were times when I was literally in a crowd of people and could not move.  This is even worse when most people are holding food and drink.  I've got no problem having to wait my turn for a sample but when I cannot walk freely up and down the aisles, it starts to erode the fun factor.  I've had a lot of success finding those gems year round with Yelp so perhaps that's taken some of the appeal out of this event too.
5	This year's Devoured Phoenix was incredible! I attended this event with two good friends and we had a complete blast. I ran a half marathon on Sunday morning and was ready to pig out throughout Sunday afternoon. It was great to see so many friends all in one place enjoying amazing food samples from various Independent restaurants throughout the valley. Loved so many of  the wines from many of the wineries here in our state. Food wise, I had so many favorites I can't even remember the samples or the restaurants. As for the wine, my fave was Arizona Stronghold's Nachise. After the event, we took the light rail back to our cars, headed home, and slept like a baby. Thank you to the The Phoenix Art Museum, the organizers, restaurants, wineries, and the amazing volunteers. I look forward to next year's event! Cheers***
5	What an amazing food adventure. I wish I had an additional stomach in order to be able to sample more of the amazing bites. the Bad: So the space was a bit on the crowded side and there really not much room to maneuver around. Layout was kind of strange, but it fit the overall space provided by the art museum. Weather was kind of warm, but that's not something that can be controlled, contrary to popular belief. Who brings their kids to events like this? There is a time and place, this was not it. Leave the kids and strollers at home. Pretty weak bad list, I think.the Neither here nor there: Beer selection was pretty weak, but I feel this was by design since it was a showcase of food and wine. Beer has not quite made the foodie scene in Phoenix. There were some strange selections/choices of food by the restaurants themselves that seemed odd. It's been pretty well documented out in the web, but Federal Pizza not having pizza was strange. There were only a handful of examples of this, so really a minor thing.the Good: Great selection of restaurants. Amazing selection of wines. The food being put out by all (even the strange choices) was tops. Add to the fact that they were not cooking inside their actual restaurants, but outside, and these wonderful chefs/cooks/helpers deserve a standing ovation. I can't believe the level of quality and tastiness that some of these chefs are capable of. What a treat for all the senses. Really a fantastic time and I can't wait till next year.
5	Devoured Phoenix was extraordinary! It was my first time here and I will continue to attend every year. The best thing about this event is they represented the support of Arizona local restaurants and also promoted local produce and goods. Its hard for me to pin point what i loved best because all of the participants cooked their asses off and everything was incredible. The choices of beer and wine was over the top, you cant beat the set up. Good Job and See you next year!
4	Devoured is an event we'll do every year. Some of the greatest restaurants show off their skills here in an effort to woo those in the PHX area to their establishments. Rarely do you see a sub par restaurant showcasing their skills.When you have an opportunity to sample from the likes of Kai, Citizen Public House, etc... take it and run for dear life.
5	So many samples and so little time. With the event happening just over a mile from our place, we decided to walk to and fro. Overall, I'm glad we did, but was regretting it the moment we had to waddle our way home. It's not every day you get to eat yourself silly; only on Thanksgiving, Christmas, Easter, and at Devoured. What seemed to be an endless supply of beer, wine, and great food, turned into tomorrow's 'regrets'.  Regret that I ran out of space in my stomach with the ambition to sample everything, regret that I only got tickets for one day, regret that I'll be at the gym for a month working off one day of caution thrown to the wind, and regret that I have to wait an entire year to do it all over again.Pork taco's, venison steak atop polenta, hand made ice cream, bacon meat balls, blue berry fritters, hamburger bites, macaroni and cheese, saffron ice pops, churros, pretzels, deep fried deviled eggs, milk shakes, root beer floats, duck salad, home made dulce de lece twix bars, chocolate strawberries, brownies, cookies, bruschetta, salads, goat tacos, goat cheese, goat milk, short rib ravioli, meat loaf bites, and on, and on, and on, and on. After getting sufficiently stuffed, we took a quick tour of the Phoenix Art museum; an awesome spot for an event by the way, then we rolled our way home. Not really thinking this one completely through ahead of time, the walk home took an added 25 minutes, thanks to the 'brisk' pace we were able to keep. I certainly wish we had driven now :-/Until next time devoured, you won this battle, but I will certainly win the war.Happy yelping Phoenix! :-)
5	After making it to Devoured for a few years in a row now I can say they weren't at their finest this year to me. But still Good enough to be a five star event. General public tickets ran about $80 a day or a two day price of about $140. They offered a VIP option that got you in an hour before they opened and had some exclusive items just for VIPS. The VIP tickets cost $150. A DAY.Last year were hundreds on intricate tiny desserts that were mesmerizing  when you waited to enter the event. This year were a few that seemed solid both days. Last year you could be dazzled by Iberico Ham that runs 50-70$ for just 4oz. This year you didn't see that! I didn't think Kai was as exciting this year or had as big of a spread as they usually do but they did prepare three different dishes.I do note I didn't try everything but most things I tried were good only one dessert I thought was horrible but only a few main dishes were memorable. My husband tried many more things than I did and preferred different items than I did. Some restaurants I've visited and had their food before DEVOURED but when I tried the same here THEY DIFFERED. One for the better and the other not. The one Constant of places that I do go out to eat at was Los Sombrero's and the Trout was prepared tasting exactly the same as when I dined there 3x between their two locations.I really enjoyed when the Chef from Hana took the time to explain to me her whole buffet she was serving and how to eat the food. Her Sea Bass was tiny and intricate and one of my favorite dishes of the two day event.The tastiest small bites thing I ate was from Little Cleo's Seafood Legend. I wasn't sure if I would like it because I don't like smoke flavor too much but all together The buttery oozy seasoned Quail egg over the house made sturgeon with herb ed creme fraiche on toast was popping like magic in my mouth. Will it be that good when I visit that restaurant? Hope so.....I don't get wowed by too much by a slab of beef it's just not that special to me and is very filling but one of the best I tried was from Roka Akor and it was only skirt steak however the shiso chimichurri sauce made it special.The simple vegetables and dip from Phoenix Public Market was stunning.The Vegetable Terrine from Tertio Wine Bar was tasty and pretty and a bit zippy. I thought it was a very thoughtful dish among the mostly heavier foods offered.One of the best desserts had to be from the Gladly. They did some sort of Whiskey Blondie that was delicious. I wasn't going to eat more than a tiny taste but it was one of the things I finished after sharing with my husband.For my taste I enjoyed the wines most from Merry Edwards.There is a lot that I left out....OK not as Grand as last year but still well organized and the best of the area. Still five stars just on the lower end this year.
5	As someone in our group put it: "This is the best thing I've ever been to in my 10 years in PHX".  This is the festival to eclipse all other foodie festivals!  I guess my favorite part was getting a chance to sample all of these different restaurants that I've read about/heard about but not been to yet and seeing where I want to go to for more than just a taste.  The standouts for me were: Crudo, Phoenix Public Market, J&G, Phoenix, City Grill, Barrio Queen, Kai... ok really I could go on and on.  I think the beauty of this is that because no money is exchanged and there is really only 1-3 things to take, the lines goes by very quickly.  I would suggest pacing yourself..this is a marathon of gluttony..not a sprint.. you will feel a level of fullness that far surpasses Thanksgiving dinner.  Get your tix early.. I think it sells out within a week..and wear something not confining.. I would suggest a muumuu.
5	Two words: FOOD COMA.How anyone spends the entire time here is beyond my comprehension?  We tried to hit all the hot spots where a line was expected (Kai, Hana, etc) early to avoid some waiting.  And we did a really good job to where we really only waited if we had a question for the chef. We gorged...and gorged...and gorged...until we pretty much felt sick.  And my stomach was carrying a 6-month food baby. (Thank god I planned ahead and wore loose clothing!)  We focused on food and actually didn't drink...strategic plan to save tummy room for grub.The event was well organized between the Art Museum, SAACA, and Local First.  Plenty of security, and no "bros" to deal with, at least while we were there.Looking forward to next year! But plan ahead - GA tickets sold out months in advance!
