3	Good selection of office supplies.... some of the items I went to go get seemed a little expensive though... $10 for a 3 ring binder?  Maybe I haven't bought office supplies in a long long time, but the sticker shock was a bit much.  I went in with the intention of getting maybe 5-6 binders and I only bought 1 :(I guess it depends on what you are looking for, but aside from the binder fiasco... the other items I've purchased from here haven't been too bad:  tabs and sticky notes (anything that has a post-it brand) and some writing implements.They also have furniture, but my office furniture at my house usually consists of me sitting on the floor and spreading papers around me.
3	Whenever Office Depot is looking for a new place to advertise (and decides against something more traditional, like NASCAR), they really should look more heavily at perhaps branding Charlotte.  Every time I turn around it seems like there is an Office Depot.This is not really a convenient location, but for whatever reason, we end up here fairly often.  It is probably because they are close to the Chick-Fil-A.  If you should find yourself here as well, be warned that this end of the shopping center is a completely different animal than the one across the lake.There is a Wal-Mart that is now boarded up, but it is really not that much different.  An old Max & Erma's that may have a larger clientele from homeless people than prior to the time they shuttered their doors.  A Best Buy and Dick's Sporting Goods, that while decent locations, are never that busy.  The Sam's Club does decent business, but it from the Oasis Temple, which has something or another going on almost constantly.Onto the Office Depot - it is decent if that is what you are after.  It is neither the smallest in the pack nor the largest.  If you really need one of those expensive binders John H. references, and cannot wait until you get elsewhere, then you are probably better buying it here than spending who knows how much in gas to drive to the new Wal-Mart Super Center.Beyond that?  It is not that much different than any other you have ever seen - pure middle-of-the road.  Well, in a parking lot.
3	The space seems to be as big as a Staples, but it seems like they don't have as much STUFF as Staples. However, if you are in a pinch, and you'd rather go somewhere a mile away for office supplies (as opposed to 7 miles away), then this will service just fine. Plenty of binders to put women in, however.
