1	I had called the owner, scott, to have one treatment done in march 2011 when i moved into my house to have the weeds taken care of.  it was a one time job that i had specified ONE APPLICATION.  In July to my surprise i received a second bill for another application.  I called scott and left him a message which was not returned.  I continued calling twice a day for 2 weeks and he only returned my call after I got a hold of his boss in corporate in memphis.  Scott proceeds to tell me that he is holding a contract signed by my mother that specifies the continued service and that they will continue.  After another week of calling i finally get him to send me a copy of the contract AND HE FORGED MY MOTHERS SIGNATURE.  It was a customer service nightmare that culminated into a fraudulent document and weeks of wasted time all for a few weeds.  Think twice before using the tempe branch of trugreen.  Zero customer service skills or business ethics.
1	Ever had your NFL team fumble the ball or throw an interception in the first quarter or even the first play? Remember that feeling? Well this is how I felt in "just" getting a quote on lawn, extermination and any extras, I mean "sell" me on your company folks. The issues started here; I submit an online quote request on about a Thursday to Friday and I don't hear anything till Tuesday of next week (5 days go bye). Eventually Julie leaves me a phone message and says she emailed me some information (nothing) and I checked the spam folder. Scott sends me an e-mail, "promising" I decide to just call Scott "thinking let's get some business done right now", but I get Steve on the phone and he says Scott's on vacation. I'm not sure what Steve does at this company, but he sounds like the most unhappy person I've ever heard, I almost had to guide him through the phone call and painfully get information from him. What was annoying on  top of it was he had asked me if anyone contacted me from the quote I submitted online and I tell him some Woman's voice I can't remember the name left a message, but it was till a few days have passed, he acted as though he wanted to blame Julie for not contacting me sooner and at this moment I was not concerned with petty internal company issues or for someone taking the "hit" just help me. In the end of this non-motivating phone call with Steve, he was to email me all the prices quotes on various services I would like, but as of 1 week from that phone call, "nothing". No follow up from anyone (period). I think it will be in my best interest if I invest in service with another company and I would suggest you consider all options before looking into this company.
1	Disorganization with office staff and inability to respond to emails started my red flags waving. When I called the office and Scott seemed to not want to talk to me and implied we never emailed, I asked him if I should forward my prior email. He then told me he would have Julie call me back. Julie did call me and I was not impressed with her communication style at all. I am a professional and understand that we all have bad days, but she could not find our email, then said 'Oh, that one...' Then, when I mentioned needing the lawn winterized she said 'What do you mean, winterized?'... Umm, nevermind... NEXT company on my list will get a call.
1	This company stills owes me a refund from May of 2014 when I canceled my contract.
