4	This Mix 94.1 FM sponsored event is such a fun thing to do for pet owners and their beloved pets (mostly dogs). I've been going to this event before my husband and I started going, with our dogs (had my dog before he came into the picture). It's a popular event held in April- usually it's nice and sunny too. If you have a curious dog like mine, avoid the reptiles and the other little pets (ferrets)- my Labrador-Pit Bull will pull me. She was really funny with the horses though- she kept smelling them, maybe because she'd never seen them (just like she smelled my neighbor's turkeys when they were alive). There are community tents with community pools (for drinking- kinda gross). It's a nice way to cool off, too, getting shade from the sun. There are so many vendors (freebies! and information about their product or company) and rescue groups (pets are available for adoption). Of course, you'll encounter other vendors who have nothing to do with dogs or pets, like banks (go figure- sneaky, huh?). My dog got a little protective over our other dog (cocker spaniel who tends to be anti-social with other dogs- he starts fights) and started checking other dogs (my dog is not a fight starter, just so you know). She was better, when we brought her with my mother-in-law's dog, a large Siberian Husky, a few years ago. Also, there are other contests around with a little bleacher area and corral (agility contest like the ones at dog shows).Along with musical guests (Mix 94.1 FM artists), and Mark & Mercedes (Mix 94.1 FM talk show personalities) hosting, there are contests (loudest bark, prettiest dog, etc.) on the main venue stage. There's a food court area. But finding a seat is a little tough, especially during peak time hours. This is another fun family-friendly event that is held every year- sponsored by Mix 94.1 FM.
3	I was almost tempted to give only 2 stars to this event this year, and this is mostly because I feel as though they have had much better years. For instance, a couple years ago when this event was still being hosted at Sam Boyd Stadium they had a display that showcased dogs that could jump really far for a ball into a pool. It was really cool to watch, but this year they did not have nearly anything as cool as that. When I come to this type of event I understand it is for families, but it is called PETapalooza, not KIDapalooza. I felt as though they were catering more towards children (IE: Bouncy platform, rock wall to climb - meh!). How can I enjoy these things when my husband and I show up with two dogs?Then there's the overwhelming amount of food stands. I think as the years progress with this event the food stands keep getting more plentiful and the stands having anything to do with dogs gets smaller. I get it, people like to eat when they go to these things and its a fun thing to do, but come on. As for the stands dealing with dogs - it's basically businesses trying to hawk you their services, save for the stands that are dedicated to animal rescue. For me and my husband this was a bummer and we only spent about 10 minutes walking and gazing into businesses tents.In past years they have had obstacle courses for dogs to run, but this year - nope. There was only one in the middle of the event and it was roped off. You couldn't even use it as it was a demonstration for some company. *sigh*Next - my husband and I did sit for a bit in front of the Mix 94.1 stage and we watched Mark & Mercedes do a couple cute contests. We didn't stick around to hear any of the bands play.Overall I really want to say this wasn't too much fun. It was boring for a couple with no children. Our dogs just got to run around and sniff other dogs, but most people here pull their dogs away before the dogs even have a chance to say "Hello". We could have had a better time just going to the dog park. At least there the dogs can run free and play with each other as they want to do. Not be pulled around by their owners who are buying slushies and hot dogs.
3	My boyfriend and I brought our 2 pups to Pet-A-Palooza this past Saturday, and when we got there at 12- it took us quite a while to find parking (there was little signage). I was surprised to walk by most of the booths, only to see that they mostly catered to people; I expected food, but there was a dentist, wireless companies, credit card companies, rock climbing wall (maybe you can ask a stranger to hold the leash while you climb it).. Very few businesses that cater to dogs which was disappointing. Where was Chef Michael's food truck (for dogs)?! I don't mind all the food vendors, but that seems pretty straightforward. It was an awkward event for my boyfriend and I both. We didn't stay long. :(
3	It's nice to have a place to celebrate dogs for one afternoon a year. There are food stands, activities for kids, and great music, but this event is still all abut the dogs. There are a number of stands for adopting dogs, a few for training dogs, and a number for buying dog accessories. And people are walking around with all manner of dogs. You get a little glimpse into the hot new breed each year (Yorkshire Terriers for 2013, I think).  I know Pet-A-Palooza has a nice alliterative sound to it, but can we call it what it is? Dog-A-Palooza? I didn't see a single other type of pet.  EDITED TO ADD: Thanks to my fellow Yelpers, I've learned that there were a number of other animals: cats, snakes, and rabbits. With that, my suggestion for Dog-A-Palooza is a non starter. It's fun to walk around, but since this a mostly dog-centered event, I wish there was more 'purpose' to the event.  They do a great job supporting dog adoptions and rescues. But the event still lacks some focus.  I would have liked to see a dog training demonstration, or an agility display. And we need more animal contests. Now that I know there were pets other than dogs in attendance, I'd like to see a celebration of more animals. They need a few more amenities for the animals out there--stands for poop bags, water stations, etc. I am sure people would pay $1 per person  (and still bring food for donations) if it would help defray costs. I'd like to see this event get better and better. It was fun. And it has the potential to be something really special.
3	Went to Pet-A-Palooza this last weekend and it was a nice day out.  I brought my cat down and had her set up on a blanket out near the Mix 94.1 stage.  Figured easier to have her there then walking around with her.  Although she did great just sitting and watching all the dogs walking by.  This was my first time out at this event and from what I saw pretty good setup with trash and poop people walking around assuring you were not stepping in some awesome stuff.  I saw dogs, cats, snakes and rabbits.  I wish more people would feel comfortable bringing other animals other than dogs.  Its called PET not dog.  I also wish they would have had competitions for the other animals there.  They only had ones for the dogs (i.e. furriest dog, chubbiest dog) but what about the other people that spend the time bringing out different animals?I didn't see a lot of stuff for other animals but dogs and again its call PET not dog.  It was a good day out listening to good music but we didn't go around buying anything for the pets or really do anything but chill.  I would probably go again but maybe they should really get more stuff out there for different types of animals and help bring a variety of animals in.
4	Good event. Free too ! BEWARE OF RANDOM "LANDMINES" (fresh poop)Stopped by here to kill some time with a friend before we attended a birthday. Located on the North side of the Park, it was a fairly big area with tons of "shops" most if not all involved with animals in some way. Great event to attend if you are looking to find out information for shelters, care information, etc. There was also a free? neuter/spaying clinic on-site too... what a fast way to make your pet's day go from great to worst day of their life D: lolLOTS of dogs with occassional other things (snakes......) . Great for non-pet owners like me to see a huge variety ! Some were SO FLUFFY ! i want lol Oh there was some lion cubs too... though they dont look like cubs (HUGE) .. think they werent even 1/2 a year old yet but they looked so adorable with their trainers !
4	If you got a dog and want to bring them out to a dog-friendly event - you might want to consider this one.I know this place got a lot of low-ratings due to the lack of dog-friendly booths, but let's be honest.. Your dog is not going to care about them. The point of this event is to spend time with your pooch and have them make friends with other dogs =) Me and my boyfriend walked our dog to each booth. We got him spray painted with a star near his tail and even won him a toy reindeer for $1. He made a couple friends in the process. He had an amazing time and that's all that matters to me.Watch where you and your dog walk though. There are a lot of fresh "surprises" scattered about.
