5	I interviewed a couple of monitoring services and Jeff at Bulwark was a real pro.  He's a superb company representative I would highly recommend his company for alarm services. His attention to detail was excellent. He is truly an "A" business man.Steve L from Scottsdale
5	Excellent company.  Very professional, arrived on time and answered all of my questions.  Friendly technician and extremely knowledgable.
5	Based off of the great reviews on the review sites I called and spoke to Jeff about my situation. I was already using ADT and wanted a wireless keypad that ADT said they could not add to my system. Jeff came out and looked at my system and was very honest about what I had and what I could do with my current setup. He developed a plan that allowed me to use my current hardware and allowed for another wireless keypad which ADT said could not be done.The install guy came and did a good job setting it all up and cleaned up nicely after himself.I got a great price on the annual monitoring and the best part was that Jeff worked with me for an extended period of time to get my system programmed just the way I wanted it. Never got this kind of service from ADT over the four years I had them.Highly recommend Jeff and Bulwark Security.
5	Just bought my first home, and I LOVE this place. If you love your home, you want to protect it, and while you can't make it a fortress, you can sure as hell make it hard to get in and steal your stuff.I did a lot of research, and after seeing the great reviews on Yelp, I was confident in this company. I called Bulwark and made an appointment with Jeff, the owner. Jeff was awesome to work with, and I must have sent him ten emails with questions about the alarm system, prior to my appointment. When Jeff arrived at my house he was really cool and easy going. We did a walk through and discussed what I wanted to accomplish, while staying on a budget. The home I purchased already had an ADT system, but all my research showed that ADT sucked harder than a Dyson Vacuum. Jeff was able to use my existing system, and fortify it with additional sensors, glass breakage, and best of all I can even use my iPHONE to activate my alarm from anywhere. This is a super cool feature because you can remotely disable your alarm if a friend needs to pop in to borrow your ice chest, or something- instead of giving out your password, you can just turn it off with the tap of a button.Today I just had an additional five glass break sensors installed. Dwayne, the alarm tech is really a great guy, and he makes short work, of a hard task. Dwayne also answered my random questions, and was very personable and professional. It is clear this is not his first rodeo, and when I asked him how long he has been in the industry, he told me it's been about 17 years!Do yourself a favor, and protect your home. It is such a great investment, and a great way to protect your home. While nothing is foolproof, you want to put layers of security up, so that your home is harder to break into, then the one down the block. Along with your alarm and peace of mind, you get window stickers and yard signs that proclaim your house protected by Bulwark. The signs are crisp and professional and will not be confused with the fake alarm stickers they sell online to fake out bad guys.Just like you want to support local restaurants and coffee shops, I highly recommend you support your locally owned home security company. You will not be disappointed by Bulwark, and I cannot even tell you the peace of mind you will have in knowing that while you're away from your home, or sleeping- your home is protected.
5	Going to make this short and simple. Phenomenal customer service.  Punctual and swift set up.  The company's owner reviewed the paper work with me personally, shortly before set up.  He tto my residence, was punctual and swift.  My alarm had some issues just one week after set up, however the immediate customer service assistance quickly fixed the problem. I decided to go smaller, based on the positive reviews of Bulwark, and the overwhelming bad reviews of the larger companies.  So far, it's unequivocally been the right choice.  I highly recommend this company.  The extra costs for initial set up (larger companies seem to offer better deals for basic set up packages) were well worth the customer service and peace of mind.
5	Great Company. Great price. No upsell or things you don't need. Friendly and easy to work with. Totally worth it and very very highly recommend. They even clean up after their work. 100% recommend. Jeff the owner is the nicest and friendliest. He even waited for me for close to half hour as I was late for my initial appointment and didnt even discuss it when I arrived. I have been with them since October last year and waited for several months to see if my opinion changed. Not at all. Great Company and absolutely the best!
5	My wife and I have just purchased our first home. I tend to be a bit neurotic or obsessive in terms of finding the best and highest quality I products and services possible. This was even more the case with our home alarm system, because it has to do with protecting my family. Therefore, I did about as much research as one could do without making it their full-time job.I could not be more happy with Bulwark Alarm. As mentioned, I researched about every company, both locally and nationally. None of them were close in terms of service, professionalism, communication and value. Probably the best thing about this company is you're dealing with the owner directly. He, Jeff, arrived at my house right on time, took the time to answer all of my questions- I had a lot. He was very polite and professional. He structured the perfect system for me, and when he left, I already had the peace of mind that I was in good hands. Duane, the installer was excellent. He too, walked through everything with me, answered all of my questions, was very polite and professional as well, and cleaned up perfectly behind himself. It turned out one of the sensors was faulty, after he'd already left. He came back right when I noticed it, and replaced it with no questions asked.Save yourself some time, and take advantage of all of my research. Choose Bulwark Alarm.
1	For a company that has such a high rating with the BBB and other rating agencies I was excited about contacting them with my security problems and having them install a new or fixing my existing system. First the receptionist was very freindly and helpful then she put me in contact with the owner of the company, Jeff and he was very knowledgable and understanding about my problem , very nice guy. Jeff passes it off to Steve and asked I keep him informed on the situation. Jeff e-mailed me Steve's contact information and Steve contacted me about my camera problems. He was very knowledgeable about cameras but needed to find out about wireless 4G Internet conectablitly thru this type of router. 4 weeks later never heard back for either Steve or Jeff, so I called and left a message with the receptionist for Jeff but never heard back. Again about 3 weeks latter I called the receptionist and asked for Jeff but he was out on a sales call, I explained to the receptionist what had happened and she was very understanding and helpful I explained that I just wanted to know if the company was interested in bidding on the product or not. Either way I just wanted to know. One week later and still no response from either Jeff, Steve or anyone in the company. It's to bad they really sounded like a great company. Just thought other may like to know that high rated companies sometimes don't act like high rated companies.
5	I had an old ADT system in my house but had not used it in several  years. Contacted Bulwark through a Yelp review and am very happy with them. They upgraded my old system and added new sensors. Its been 4 years now and everything is still working great and the monitoring system keeps an eye on it. Would highly recommend them!  Plus they are local and would much prefer to support someone local than a large chain where the $$ goes elsewhere!
5	For the last 2+ years we've had a second home in Queen Creek and been using Bulwark since we moved in. Dealing with them is a pleasure, during the install all appointments were kept and the quality of the work was excellent.A few months ago I decided to get rid of the expensive landline, since all the calls we got were from telemarketers, and call them to ask for our options, they explained about cellular communications technology for the alarm, the next day everything was done and working perfectly.In my business I've dealt with many alarm companies, I wish half of them were as knowledgeable and professional as they are. On top of it, their rates are among the best for alarm monitoring. I recommend them highly
4	.
5	After looking for a reputable company to install our camera system, I decided to go with Bulwark, partly due to the good reviews I saw here on Yelp.  I am so happy I did.  Bulwark is an organized company and very easy to work with.  Jeff, the owner, is very professional and responsive.  He is also great with followup once your system is installed.  He really strives to make his customers happy and it shows.  I am so happy with our system and would refer him to anyone looking for a security or camera system.In my initial search, I found another company and decided to use them.  It was nothing but problematic and ultimately, I never did get anything installed as they kept putting me off once they got a large deposit from me.  After deciding that they were just blowing me off I started looking for another company and settled on Bulwark.  I thank all my fellow Yelpers as it is because of you that I found Bulwark.  I am even now considering abandoning my current large chain alarm company to move to Bulwark for my security system as well.   Personal customer service and great equipment is what you get.  Thank you Jeff and all of Bulwark for making us happy!!
