5	Sweet baby Jesus was I sinfully gluttonous today! But it was well worth it for all the tasty morsels of food I devoured! I have been waiting and waiting and waiting for this to open and the day has finally come... AND YUM! I love me some fish n chips and this hits the spot. It's not across the pond (well maybe a river or two), but right here in good ole Pittsburgh. You may get great fried fish during Lent around these parts, but now it's year round here!I had to go with the classic order for my first time. The fish was undoubtedly fresh and the deep fry was crisp and surprisingly not greasy in the least. I really enjoyed the fries too. You know those fries you kill for? The ones that are so crispy and perfect, you almost don't need to dip them in ketchup? Almost. These are them, yo! I had a couple bites of the mac n' cheese as well. Love the big noodles, but it could have been a little bit creamier. But I didn't stop there! Remember, gluttonous? So I tried the oatmeal toffee chocolate chip ice cream sandwich. Do I even need to say how amazing it was? And with freshly baked cookies? AND ICE CREAM. And the apple pie tasted straight outta yo momma's oven. We got crafty and scraped half the ice cream off the cookie and made ourselves an a la mode pie. Desperate fat kid times, you know? The fried mars bar was a warm melty fried mars bar. Was it delicious? Yes. But the other desserts are just made with homemade goodness, they'd be hard to avoid!Yep, this all happened. You read it here first. I wasn't hungry until 9pm that night. When I ate an apple. Which was boring and lame.
5	Have you ever woken up in the morning and said, "Gee, self, I sure do wish there was a place I could swing by for a good old-fashioned Scottish meat pie, or maybe some shaved roast beef with mac-and-cheese on top, and finish it all off with a chocolate-chip-oatmeal-toffee ice cream sandwich." Have you ever been on your afternoon stroll, taking a break from work, and thought, "Oh, gee, self, if only we were in Edinburgh, we could stop in one of those quaint little shops and grab a deep fried Mars bar..."No? Well, maybe it's time you did.The Pub Chip Shop has meat pies. And chicken pies. And vegan vindaloo pies. And sausage rolls. And Scotch eggs (hard-boiled egg, coated in sausage, breaded). The Pub Chip Shop has sandwiches. Chicken sandwiches. And fish sandwiches. And a shaved roast beef topped with mac-and-cheese sandwiches. And chili dogs. I'm not even kidding.The Pub Chip Shop has desserts. Home-made apple pies. And home-made ice cream sandwiches. And deep fried Mars bars.The Pub Chip Shop has mushy peas. And fries. And tater tots (done their way). And cole slaw.The best part? It's all mouth-watering, saliva-inducing, tell-me-what-I-need-to-do-to-get-you-to-deliver-to-my-house-every-day delicious.The best UK food I've ever had happened right here in Pittsburgh.
5	Brit here. Lived in Pittsburgh for 6 years. Finally I can eat real food. Thank you, Jesus.
5	Yum yum yum yum.This place makes me wish I was born a Brit! I say five stars just because they have deep fried Mars bars (and I haven't even tried one yet)!However, I did taste the boxy tots, chips and pierogi pasty and they've stolen my belly's heart. (That's a thing).I plan to go back and drink buckets of Welsh cheddar sauce and try everything else on their menu.
5	This place was great.Went here for takeout the other night.  We ordered a bunch so we could try a lot of different menu items and even had some for breakfast the next day! What we sampled:Cornish PastyMy husband adored this and I thought it was really delicious.  The crust was really amazing.Fish and ChipsDelicious.  Flawless.  Non-greasy.Boxty TotsSo good.  I know it is blasphemy, but even better than the chips.  Full of flavor!Breakfast:Scotch EggNot for me, but I don't like eggs.  My husband on the other hand loved it! Sausage RollDelicious even the next day! Dessert the next day:Apple pieDelicious even heated up!I can't wait to go back and have more of those fish and chips and try some more of the menu.  Also you must get the Thai chili sauce!
4	The fried fish was huge! You get two giant pieces of fish and "chips" with your order for $9. I would have to say the fish tasted very fresh and was cooked just right. The fish was a bit oily (which is expected because it is fried) but had a little too much batter also. It was still very tasty. The fries "chips" were very good. They left the sins on when they cut them, which I love. There is very limited sitting in their shop. It is primarily used by guests that are waiting for their food to be ready. Do not expect to have a spot to eat here unless you are alone or with one other person, but be prepared to take your food to go. I would eat here again without hesitation. By far one of the best places to get fish and chips on the Southside.
3	As a fan of Piper's Pub, I was truly excited to see what other British treats their new spinoff had to offer.  Upon walking into the chippy and looking over the menu, all seemed to be going well.  They have a bit of a Sweeney Todd theme going on, and all categories of fried wonderment are covered (from meat pies to Cornish pasties to sausage rolls, baps, even doner kebab.)  As an ex-expat in the British Isles, this seemed to pass muster.However, once the food arrived, the expectations fell flat.  The pie and pasty crust was good, but flaky and something was not quite on with its texture.  A salmon pasty was stuffed with bland salmon and mashed potato, with no hints of the promised caramelized onions and Welsh cheddar sauce.  The meat pie fell apart and required mustard to glue its pieces into some sort of food sphere.  The chips were nice, no complaints there...However, after ingesting the salty and greasy food I yearned for a simple cup of water but was informed that they did not offer cups.  Whether this was due to limits of the space (which also has limited seating options) I am not sure, but really feel that providing patrons with access to tap water is not too much to ask.  In summary, I would go back to try the fish and chips or ice cream sandwich and bring my trusty water bottle in hand.
5	Darren and friends brought me home some fried chicken, pasty, and a little apple pie from here, and it was all delish not to mention cheap. Recommended.
2	Oh man. Pipers pub opened a chip shop?!?! You bet I'm in! I love Pipers, if I could eat there everyday and not spend all my money and weight 800 lbs I would. Here however, I think I will pass. My partner and I ordered fish & chips, seitan & chips and mac & cheese. I love me some mac and cheese but this was sub par.  The seitan was good (with the hot sauce) but the chips? There was 0 flavor. Maybe I set my expectations too high, but any which way we were the only people there and it was not tasty. And I was burping all evening. Yuck. I'm going to pass. Nice try, but unless I"m drunk I'll go next door or find something else better on the South Side.
5	Shit here be bangin! It's so nice to get authentic chippy food. If you loved the fish and chips from next door, try them here. The different fryer, etc gives it a whole different experience. Also, I don't care what you order, but get a side of pan gravy. That stuff is so thick and delicious that I may order up enough to fill a kiddie pool and have a pan gravy wrestling party. I love it!Only complaints I've heard were from morons who were upset that the food wasn't 'Merikan enough.....because, you know, chips should always be loaded with a pound of salt and the fish should always look like the crap you get from the VFW over Lent. Of course, those types of people will never be satisfied (unless eating disgusting food from the VFW apparently)
4	The little meat pie was delicious, though it could have been warmer inside. Soup was delicious.
4	I've visited the Pub Chip Shop twice now and I have had two different experiences. On my first trip I had a Fish Bap and an order of chips. The fish was cooked very well, however its was on greasy side and could have used a stop on some paper towels before making its way to my bun. The chips were great, and the portion of a single order is definitely generous. The food on this trip was good, but not great.On my second trip I ordered the White Chapel which is essentially a cheese steak topped with their English cheddar mac n' cheese. It was awesome. In my opinion this is the best mac n' cheese in the city, it's "go out of your way to stop here" good. On this particular stop mine and my friends food was all cooked excellently and not greasy.My only criticism is that the prices are on the steep side. You're not going to leave here without spending at least $10, but $15 is more like it. These guys have a winner in The Pub Chip Shop!
4	I really enjoyed the simplicity of this place, order your food off of the menu on the wall and take it with you or grab a seat at a communal table and enjoy your meal while meeting someone new. We kept our first visit simple by ordering fish and chips. I feel that they really did it right here. The fish was silky and flaky and the batter was light and crisp with no spongy pockets of oil. Probably the best fried fish I have had in the city if Pittsburgh. I was raised on Fish Fry don't cha know. The price was right and the lady at the counter was kind enough to answer a number of my questions about the menu since there were many things I have never heard of. The only thing that sort of irks me is the TIP jar on the counter of these places, a place were I irder at the counter, retrieve my order an than clean up after myself. Have I missed the point????
4	The Pub Chip Shop opening was the most anticipated South Side opening of 2013 (and possibly 2012), and it was worth the wait. You really can't go wrong here from everything I've ordered (or watched others order). The baps (sandwiches), pies, and fish & chips are all outstanding. The only problem is you can easily order way too much food if you're not careful. No, you do not need a side of fries with that bap (if you're me). Try the mushy peas which actually taste like they have fresh peas in them. It's best if you are taking your order to go as there are not many seats (and the seats that do exist aren't the most comfortable), but they do have more condiments on the counters than you can shake a stick at including the dreaded staple of pub food - malt vinegar. Service is quick and pleasant at lunchtime, and they are also open for late-night Carson Street munchies post bar crawl. Enjoy!
5	This is a wonderful place. Great food. So very good and fresh! Prices are good but it's the atmosphere and the friendliness of the staff. They make you feel right at home.
5	LOVELOVELOVE The Pub Chip Shop enough to try to remember how to log in to Yelp so I could write a review.  That's love.The Pub Chip Shop makes me wildly happy.  All the foods I have tried there have been wonderful, but the new addition of (weekend only?) brunch items has rocked my world.  Boxty tots with eggs and bacon on top?  And Welsh cheddar sauce? Pure perfection! When I told friends who live in England about this place they sort of scoffed and said, "I doubt it is authentic. I mean, one would need to be able to acquire mushy peas in this alleged chip shop to be authentic."  It was with great satisfaction that I was able to tell them that Pittsburgh's Pub Chip Shop not only has mushy peas, but they are, in fact, fantastic. Only way this place could possibly be better is if it had the ability to run my food out and throw it in the car after taking my order and cc info over the phone or internet.  Warning:  Follow them on Twitter for the daily specials only if you want to immediately change your lunch or dinner plans.
4	The pies are a little dry, but the tater tots are worth the trip on their own.
5	Not sure why my previous review is now gone, but regardless, here I sit at the Chip Shop eating delicious food. The staff here is extremely knowledgable so if you are confused on what to order, just ask. Said that, it is all delicious, so you can't go wrong!
5	Great food, great service, great price. Most things are either deep fried or covered in bread, so don't expect a lot of diet options.  They do have vegan ranch! And a seitan option too. Try the try the perch tacos, they were our favorite.
5	The Chip Shop is on a mission to change English food's bad reputation.  You won't find bland, overly salted, or soggy fried food here, only freshly prepared UK soul food classics with creative twists.  Will the food here take years off your life?  Will the food here add life to your years?  To both questions I emphatically answer, "Yes, absolutely!"I'd like to start by saying that I lost track of time and accidentally skipped my gym class to eat fried food here.  My original plan was to workout for 90 sweaty minutes of pain and gain.  Instead I lost track of time and space, sampling the various beautiful battered bangers that the chip shop proudly purveys.In hindsight, while many would be ashamed of such behavior, I regret nothing!  The chip shop is worth skipping out on important life events like anniversaries or possibly even your own wedding (If it's meant to be, they'll elope and conduct the ceremony at the chip shop)  If I'm running late for a triple bypass operation, safe bet you'll find me here, scarfing the best crispy fish and chips I've ever had outside of London.Pittsburgh does fried fish well in general, but no one does it better than the Chip Shop.  They offer all the fixins' from heinz ketchup, to grey poupon, to sriracha, to malt vinegar, and tons of extra homemade sauces in between, like thai chilli sauce and ranch dressing.  The mac and cheese texture and flavor were excellent, pro tip: add the provided malt vinegar for a little hint of tang that perfects it!My wife got the Scotch Eggs which are hard boiled eggs, wrapped in sausage, then deep fried.  When you polish off that artery assassination, you can finish off with apple pie or an over the top oatmeal toffee chocolate chip ice cream sandwich.  Friendly fast and knowledgeable service.  Extremely reasonable prices.  Attractive wooden butcher block tables and window views.  An epic vintage cash register to ring up the best UK comfort food you'll find outside of the isles.  It don't get no better!
4	I spent 20 years living near an award winning chip shop in UK, and made it my mission for longer than that to seek out good chippies throughout Britain, so was very excited when this place opened. It is an American take on a British chippie, albeit a very good one. Where in UK do you get pierogies or hot sauce or tacos or chowder in a chippie? The Scotch pie was too large - you would get it half that size in Scotland - and the filling was more like sausage meat than is usual. It was heavy on sage - that's an English favourite, not Scottish. And it came out several minutes before everything else. The chips were plentiful, hot and crispy - too crispy for a British chippie, but I liked them anyway. The fish was hot, fresh and tasty, but the batter was a beer batter (in UK beer batter is used in pubs, not chippies) and a bit greasy. We asked for brown sauce for the chips - an east coast Scotland thing - and they had HP sauce, which is a decent alternative, as well as proper malt vinegar for the chips. So - not good enough for me to make a special trip when I'm wallowing in nostalgia for the homeland, but probably the closest to a proper fish supper (ie fish and chips) I've found here.
4	I was quite satisfied with the quality of the food. I really enjoyed the White Chapel which is a sandwich with fried flank steak, macaroni n cheese, and chopped raw onions. I would have prefered sauteed onions to raw onions, but that is the no qualm I can muster. The Mac'n'cheese was fantastic! Overall, the sandwich was a very interesting take on a cheesesteak sandwich. I also tried a piece of pie from my friend and thought it was quite good too. Oh, and I didn't see any mashed peas on the menu.I liked the seating here. There is a communal table that seats about a dozen and a counter which seats another half dozen. The restaurant was empty when I stopped by, but I could easily find myself talking to another patron here. Though, it's kind of difficult to talk because they play very loud music. I suspect music was being blasted because it was a Saturday night (hopefully, another reviewer can confirm this occurrence).Lastly, the name of the restaurant is a bit misleading as they do not serve any alcohol. I think 'The Chip Shop' is more appropriate. If that name is already taken, then maybe 'The Pittsburgh Chip Shop.' For me having the word 'pub' in your restaurant's name signals that you serve alcohol (particularly beer); however, this isn't the biggest problem because the restaurant is located in Southside where you can easily find an establishment serving alcohol.
5	Great food, friendly service, very clean.  Small, not too many places to sit...so might not be great for a group of people who wish to sit and eat their food.  Recommend: Deep fried mars bar, pierogi, lake erie perch taco, doner kebab, sausage roll, chip bag with chili yogurt sauce for dipping.
5	We were visiting and  we had heard of this new shop.  Decided to give it a try.  It was so incredibly delicious that we can't wait to go back.  I had the haddock and chips.  The best fish I think I've ever had.  The portions were generous and the price was great.  I do wish they had more seating tho, it got tight when it was busy. It was a   Great new restaurant to try.  Wishing you much success for many years to come!
5	So gooooood. Had the steak boxty tot box for "breakfast," so much heaven. Eggs, fried taters, cheese, so much bacon I couldn't ask for more. Their cinnamon rolls are delicious. I risked the snow storm for their Saturday brunch offerings on account of hunger. Go try it. I had to take mine home to enjoy. :D
5	This place is divine. We got a pasty, pie, soup and a dessert.Everything was fresh, flavorful and DELICIOUS. Not expensive either! I recommend going for the pies- they are more filling and a little more bang for your buck. The soup we had- seafood chowder- was freaking incredible.I also recommend going for the specials:-brisket/cheddar pie-Irn Bru battered Cadbury eggThis place is amazing.
5	Best new thing on Carson Street!Everything I have had is so good, I cannot really narrow it down to a favorite.  The savory pies are delicious!  And the Sausage Rolls make for create snack!Excited that they offer catering as well, no more boring lunch&learns.
4	I love that you can get vegetarian and vegan options at this fish and chips place. I only wish you could order their pies from next door at Pipers so you could enjoy a beer with your meal.Delicious and unique in the area. I don't know of another place like it in Pittsburgh.
5	Awesome place! Fish and chips is delicious, and the portion is huge. Mac and cheese is amazing. Way too many tasty things to come only once. I'll definitely be back for a scotch pie and boxty tots.
5	If your looking for comfort food that's priced right and the flavor is even better than you imagined, that's the Pub Chip Shop.  Oh and you better come hungry because the portions aren't tiny!The BF and I decided to treat ourselves to some post Valentine's Day belly lovin's and stopped in to try the talk of the Southside - The Pub Chip Shop.  We walk in not knowing what to expect:  Its similar to a deli counter - the menu is on the wall and you walk up when you know what you want to order.  Decisions, decisions.  The BF chose the Fish n Chips (one of us had to) and I selected the daily special of Brisket Tots and Mac.  Since we were feeling especially indulgent, we decided to try their Vegan Mushroom Risotto Pie.  All of this food, plus a few NA beverages and tip, around $35.  Not bad at all!When it arrived - Sweet Lord where are we putting all of it!?!?!  I had to try the pie - Flakey and buttery crust with amazing flavor of mushroom risotto inside.  I could just eat this and be happy.  But no - I have a whole meal to consume.Up next the Brisket - I couldn't even see it ... It was covered in mac n cheese!!!  Under the cheese was brisket, THEN tots!!!  HOLY MOLEY!!!  So creamy and flavorful and delicious.  It's everything you loved as a kid, adultified.  That's right - a new word - adultified.The BF said (and I couldn't try the fish and chips because I was burried in cheese and beef) the fish was crispy and fries were delicious... But it too was huge!Next time we have decided that we will SHARE a meal and a pie because our stomachs were incredibly full - but OH so happy.
5	This place is absolutely da bomb. Fantastic food of all kinds and the British/Scottish is as good as it gets.Go for the fish and chips. Their daily specials are also quite a steal. Just be sure to ask what they are when you go or just hit up their Twitter for that info updated daily.Them pies are amazing. Their Clam Chowder is yummy. And the Scottish Eggs are quite the transcendental experience. Prices are quite reasonable. You can't really go wrong with just about anything.
3	I want to give this place another try due to the reviews. I got the fish tacos and the fish was not de-boned making the whole taco disappointing. I will try the pasties next time I think since they look amazing.
5	Excellent selection. The fish bap was perfect. I'll be back again to try one of the pies.
5	Yummy!  We stopped in for a quick meal during our St. Patricks Day adventure. We had been to Pipers Pub, and had really enjoyed it, so when I saw that the Pub Chip Shop offered crispy seitan and other vegetarian and vegan choices, I knew we had to stop in. Very clean and the service was very friendly. We chose to eat in, and were able to watch the Patty Day revelers walk a stumble by.We got an order of the crispy seitan and chips to share, and the one order was enough for both of us. The seitan was DELICIOUS! Nice and crispy, full of flavor, and enhanced by the many different sauce choices. The chips were as they should be, hot, crispy on the outside, properly saltedc and nice and fluffy inside. Needless to say, we gobbled it up.We're already looking forward to going back, and trying some of the pies and the toffee chip cookies. :)
5	This place rocks. From the atmosphere to the sauce on the Mac & cheese. Very friendly and funny staff. Small place but every time I went I got a barstool window seat and it's perfect for people watching. Kinda reminds me of the pie shop in sweeny todd. So let's start with these have amazing chips (fries) and my favorite things is they have vinegar bottles for the fries and I love that. The apple pie is delightful and super flavorful. Jam packed with apples though after a while I was apples out. But it was great. But the mother of the journey was the white chapel. It is a steak sandwich with mac&cheese ontop. Yea I understand you don't want to read anymore because you must try it right now but let me just say it's amazing! I get extra mac&cheese sauce on the side to dip fries in! So good. Oh and the chicken tenders are phenomenal! Falls apart when you bite it and the flavor is spot on! I highly recommend!
4	Not a lot to add to the accolades here - deliciously unhealthy fried food here, with great pies too. My only gripe is that I wish there was more seating and maybe even served beer? Piper's next door gets a little crazy with football matches sometimes, and I'd love to have a pint while downing my fish & chips.Bonus points for the deep fried cadbury egg for Easter.
3	I want to like this place more than I do. The food is tasty all right, but the service has been weird to me and it's kind of off-putting. The first time I was here I had to wait and wait and wait for my chips, turns out that the dude taking orders had requested "salt-free" chips for me. I have very low blood pressure for a chubster, so I want ALL the salt. That was just weird and nothing I said would have sounded remotely like "May I have the chips without salt, please."I like that there are vegan/vegetarian options, but again with the service consistency. The first time I got a vegan mushroom risotto pie, it came with a vegan gravy that made it A++++; tonight I order the same food and I guess I was supposed to ask for the gravy? Next time I will know to ask for it, because I got home with my food and was sad. :( It was kind of dry without the gravy.Maybe these are minor issues, but it adds up to me being kinda meh on the place, even though I enjoy the idea and the food for the most part.
5	Very authentic and wonderful atmosphere. Some of the best fish I ever had in Pittsburgh.   Went on an early Saturday afternoon before the craziness on the south side started. The staff was very friendly.
5	Unreal how there is a proper chipper right here in Pittsburgh.  Hat's off to you boys - in all seriousness this was better tasting and higher quality fare than the last chip shop I'd ever been to in th EU (Cork, Ireland to be exact). I'm actually glad I don't live in Southside anymore,  I'd be morbidly obese by the end of the year :-D Rock on Pipers!
5	WOW...WOW!! Delicious Fish and Chips! This place is pretty new so it is CLEAN! The guys behind the counter are super nice and the food is spot on. We have been going to a place in our hometown that we thought was terrific but now we know what we have been missing all these years. Fish and Chips; yes but you have to try the Scotch Egg with PAN GRAVY. We had one (at the place next door when we lived here a few years ago) but this place turned us into huge fans of a Scotch Egg! (YOU HAVE TO GET THE PAN GRAVY) If I lived here permanently, I would def go here frequently! We are leaving Pittsburgh in a few days and we wanted to visit this place one more time before we left so we are on our way there now! We stopped in last Saturday LATE night on our way back from walking down Carson Street and got a Oatmeal Ice Cream Sandwich that was perfect. We sit in the front of the window so we can watch the people go by! YOU GOTTA GO.....Day or night :) Good food, nice staff and great location!!
5	My dining companion was on a pescatarian diet for Lent.  One night in Mar., he was originally planning to have me over for dinner at his place, but he got stuck at work late.  This gave me a good excuse to suggest that we check out the Pub Chip Shop, which my labmate had recommended to me, when he texted to ask if we could just eat out somewhere instead.Both of us ordered the fried haddock.  Trying to make a somewhat healthy choice, my dining companion substituted cole slaw for the chips (fries).  I, on the other hand, decided to enjoy the fried goodness without shame, and ordered the mac and cheese in addition to the chips.  Although it was more fried goodness than I could consume in one sitting, I certainly did not regret this choice!  The fish was excellent; crispy on the outside and flaky on the inside.  My dining companion, who'd visited the UK as a child, said that it was very much like the fish and chips he remembered ordering in Scotland.  The chips, however, were the highlight of the meal.  They're of the thick-cut variety, and were crispy on the inside and soft (like a baked potato) on the inside.  The one part of the meal that disappointed slightly was the mac and cheese (score: 6.0).  Although the sauce was thick and creamy, the white cheese was just too mild for my taste.  I tried a sample of the mushy peas, and they were delicious--next time, I'll order them instead.  I washed all of this down with a can of Irn Bru, a Scottish soda that tastes vaguely like a carbonated orange creamsicle.I couldn't stop there, however--oh, no.  I had to try the fried Cadbury cream egg!  And once again, I had no regrets.  The egg, which is battered in Irn Bru, melted in my mouth with an explosion of chocolate and vanilla cream flavor once I bit through the crispy outer fried shell.  I'm sure I gained at least a pound that day from consuming all of this fried goodness, but boy, was it worth it!We ate in, which was fine since it was late on a Tues. night.  The guy at the counter was very friendly and conversational, and explained how everything was made from scratch, pointing out the bags of potatoes for the chips.  I look forward to returning once I've melted off the weight, particularly so I can try the pasties.  This is definitely one of the most unique eating experiences in PGH.
5	Went to the Chip Shop on Father's Day with my boy at around 5. Not a soul around. We each had the fish and chips. Witnessing the guy in the back hand dip the fish is always good. Plenty of sauces to order, along with the old standbys on the tables. The orders came out each in their own bag, with two enormous pieces of fish on top of abundant fries on top of a paper basket. Did NOT see the basket until halfway done. Gotta say - one of the best examples of this Brit standby I've ever had, and one of the few that actually needs no condiments. The fish were so frigging hot and good - crispy but not over battered, with a delicious taste. I set one of the two meaty fillets on a napkin, and the oil did seep out, but you wouldn't say it was too greasy while eating it. And the chips were crispy perfection. Just rightly salted, nicely crusted with a soft, buttery interior. Again, no tomatoey condiments needed here. Glad I don't live closer! Will definitely return to try some of their tasty sounding savory pies!
4	When I heard about The Pub Chip Shop I was ecstatic. As a study abroad alum I'd been craving true English fish and chips on a regular basis since I returned home several years ago. Now I wish my schedule and the South Side's parking situation weren't always getting in my way, because otherwise I'd stop in here a lot more often!The moment I walked in I knew I was going to be happy - the smells of the fish being cooked and the pasties for sale immediately reminded me of my time overseas. In fact seeing the pasties made me happier than the knowledge I'd be eating fish and chips again - I lived off of those during my travels and knowing I could leave with a Cornish pasty or even a Pittsburgh-theme pierogi pasty made me happier than I can explain.But that would have to wait, as that first visit was about once thing and one thing only. I sat down with my lunch companion after we got one order of fish and chips. Holy heck, those fish and chips! They were enormous. They were one of the freshest samples of haddock you can find in western Pennsylvania. And all of the fried breading tasted light and practically melted as I ate it, and best of all, it wasn't dripping grease everywhere as I ate it. Yep - that's English-style fish all right! And the hand-cut chips (french fries, for the uninitiated) were cut into huge portions and tasted like potatoes. Yes, this is a big deal. How often do you really get chips/fries that taste like potatoes when you go out for lunch or dinner? Not often enough in my book.Eating that meal after so long was kind of perfect, although in true American style our order of fish and chips was so massive that we had to take some leftovers home - sadly we didn't take a pasty or dessert home with us as well at that time. Really the enormous portions are my only complaint, as I'd love for a smaller option to be available. But still, who am I to complain about delicious goodness?I'm dying to come back and sample their desserts, as I've heard good things. I've had some pasties at events around the 'Burgh and yep - they're delicious too! So all around, I approve of this place and I am extremely happy that this shop came to Pittsburgh. Definitely stop in if you haven't yet!
5	One of my favorite spots! I had the steak boxty box and was not disappointed. Only complaint is that I ordered the Welsh Mac and Cheese to go, and they forgot to give it to me :(.
5	Fish and chips are the best I've ever had. I also had the homemade tater tots, they are crispy outside with a creamy center.
5	The food is phenomenally amazing! The best  thing that has happened to southside. I have not had one bad meal at Pub Chip. The staff is always fast, friendly, and  accommodating. Try the fish and chips, pierogies, and the Thai chili sauce--you won't regret it.
4	Gotta give it to them for bring creative. The walls are covered in menu items. The restaurant was small. There's like three tables in the whole place. I'm surprised there was nothing out back or upstairs to sit. Maybe some outside patio stuff would help open it up. It's the same owners as pipers pub which is also delicious. I got the fish and chips. It came out quick and piping hot. The batter was crispy and the fish. Oh my. It was so fresh and absolutely no fishy taste whatsoever. The problem with coming hot out of the oil was that it was unedible. Even after waiting ten minutes the center remained tough to eat. I snacked on the chips while I waited and they were somewhat overcooked and oversalted. I wish they wouldn't have salted it so I could control how much I wanted on it. I'll have to come back to get the fried desserts. I'm surprised the cashier didn't recommend that when I asked him what I should order! Overall I'd say I'd recommend this. Definitely something different in the southside.
5	If I could, I'd give Pub Chip Shop 10 stars. What a great addition to the south side. Quality, tasty, artisanal food done quickly! I chose the special of the day which included pulled pork in kraut with bacon accompanied by potato bliss. Imagine a hash brown and a hush puppy had a love child and dressed him up in sour cream and chives. That's what I call potato bliss.  I also purchased the ice cream cookie sandwich special which was a peanut butter cookie with chocolate ice cream. It was the size of a softball! My only criticism is that the cookie was a bit hard (even after letting it thaw a little) which made it difficult to bite into sandwich style. Overall, the world needs more places like this!
5	Great food! Love this place. Best Chicken and chips I've had. Super friendly people as well.
5	This place was so delicious.  I've been to Piper's and enjoy their food immensely as well, so I was excited to try their smaller, faster neighbor.  I got their special, which was chicken fingers and fried crimini mushrooms on bread.  The mushrooms were stuffed with a heavenly cheese/basil/deliciousness.  I still don't think you could have eaten it with your hands as an actual sandwich, but I don't really care, because it was very tasty.  I can't wait to eat there again, and I've been recommending it to everyone I see.
5	Was at Pipers next door and the food came from here. I had the Bangers and Chips and my girl had the steak pie. Both were delicious. The chips were actually fries, but very good fries. The good was very delicious and worth it. If only I had known, I would have just went straight here.
5	Awesome. I have lived in England and the food here was just perfect. Sister & I both had the fish & chips, son had welsh cheddar mac & cheese. Huge, hot delicious portions. We'll definitely be back!
5	The decor & seating is minimal BUT the portions & flavors are huge & delicious!  We both had the the Fish & Chips & we shared a Bacon Cheddar Boxty Tot Box.  The haddock was fresh & crispy.  The tot box was ahhh-mazing!  The staff was friendly & very knowledgeable of their menu.  I'm looking forward to trying their brunch in the future.
5	Bravo! This is hands down my new favorite food joint! Nothing beats the prices, portions, and excellent customer service! Everyone here is super down to earth and friendly! It's so relieving and it makes me want to continue coming back. I recommend the bloody hot seitan wings, best in town for all you veggies! Also the FRIES!!! Seriously, amazing. I've had a lot of fries in my time, I'm sorry, chips, chips in my time and these are hands down the best I've had!Moral of this review, you will not be disappointed.
4	After attending the Yelp Burgh bash event, I left with one restaurant I really wanted to actually go to and try. The sampling from Piper's Pub and the Pub Chip Shop, in my opinion, were the top offering of the evening. So some co-workers and I were heading for an attempted evening of karaoke at Lava Lounge, and decided to try dinner at either Piper's or the Chip Shop. We opted for something less formal, and hit the Chip Shop.Now, I would have given them a full five stars, but even with the five-star aspects that I really do like, I will wrap this up with the one that I don't. And it's easily fixable.The menu is truly unique for this area, with the Brit offerings ranging from the bangers and mash to the but-of-course fish and chips.  One the sign outside they were promoting their Nutella Rangoons with a peanut sauce on one side, and the other side was the nana's pierogi special of the day, which was pierogi on a bed of halushki. My co-workers both ordered the Nana's pierogi special, and I went right for the staple...the fish and chips, even though I've been no-carbing it for the last month. The atmosphere is...well...deli counter. One big high bench with chairs on either side as a seating area, with an additional few seats at the window counter. Doesn't really shout 'Come on IN and eat', but rather 'Here ya go, take it with you'. We planned to eat there, but no one asked 'For here or to go?' so our food ended up coming in to-go boxes and a bag. I was in a suit coming from work and going to karaoke, and I really would have loved to use a plate and a fork...even a paper plate...I'm cool with that. But instead, I was eating magma hot fish out of a paper bag by wrapping it in napkins and dipping it in the tartar sauce.ALL of their drink offerings are bottled, even water. So if you're a Diet Coke addict like me, they only have Pepsi products, or a collection of specialty sodas. No brewed iced tea. And I REALLY hate getting a plastic bottle of water in a restaurant. But that's what I had to do.My co-workers didn't rave OR complain about their pierogis. They just ate them, so I can't really comment on those. But I can say that my fish and chips were the top of the line, and very fairly priced. Two healthy sized chunks of fish, with a delicious home made batter, and a boatload of pretty chunky chips that were done just right. The fish taste exactly like good fish should, as opposed to either breaded dry sawdust or something that washed up on a beach and roasted in the tropical sun for a week, which I have found at numerous other fish-raving establishments in the burgh. These fish and chips are a perfect take-out goodie. I know that they are limited on space, but they could nudge just a tad nearer to a 'restaurant' by at least asking if we plan to eat there. And hit up Aldi for a case of paper plates. Or grab some plastic plates or baskets and toss them in their dishwasher next door at Piper's. If I lived on the South Side, it might actually be a 'fast food' joint that I would hit frequently when I was coming home from work and didn't feel like cooking. But I do not live on the South Side, and I am truly grateful for that. The South Side is just a tad too 'Coney Island Side Show meets drunken frat children' for my tastes. So there really isn't much to draw me there.However, I will still go back and try a real sit down meal at Piper's Pub the next time I muster up the desire to venture into the side show. And even though The Chip Shop isn't on my route to become a regular stop, I do very highly recommend it if you are in the area. It's very reasonable and the food is done with dignity. But without a 'sit down' option that is really viable, it won't draw me back there. And ironically, neither will karaoke at the Lava Lounge.
4	This shop is so cute, from its butcher-block communal table to its old fashioned brass cash register. And the menu is full of tempting choices. The gentleman at the counter was kind, funny, and provided excellent insight on the food. My friend and I had the mushroom risotto and seafood pies, and split a side of "boxty tots." Both pies were very good-- clearly made from scratch and with care-- but unfortunately they arrived to us barely lukewarm, and the seafood pie was under-seasoned. Can we talk about those tots, though? Oh my Jesus, they were incredible. Crispy on the outside, tender, flavorful, and creamy on the inside. With just a splash of malt vinegar, they sang. The pies are certainly good, but the tots alone are worth the trip. Next time I'll try their fish and chips!
5	This is one of my new favorite places in Pittsburgh. It's very affordable and the quality of the food is amazing. We had the thai chili boxty tots, fish and chips and apple pie. All of these were good, but the thai chili boxty tots were my favorite. The combination of the heat from the chili and the juiciness of the chicken, plus the tots was outstanding. The only problem with this restaurant is having to choose only one or two items. There are so many things on the menu that sound just as good. I'll definitely be back to try more of them.One item of note: there's only seating in the entire place for roughly 12 people, so plan accordingly. The food is all packed for take-out, so if you can't find a seat you're still in good shape.
3	This is the place to go if you want English style food. Their potato salad and mac and cheese were great! The shepherd's pie had a little too much breading. The staff was super friendly.
4	I will have to update because I only stopped in for a quick treat. While walking by Sunday morning, there was a sign outside mentioning cinnamon rolls & pecan rolls.. say no more! I was actually craving a donut an entire 30 seconds before seeing that sign, so it worked out great. I wanted to take a picture of the pecan roll that i ordered, but it was so delicious I took my first bite while walking out the door. It was seriously delicious- a large, flakey cinnamon roll with a sweet glaze and topped with pecans!I will eventually update and get a meal here sometime.
5	Chris and I visited late one cold Friday night. There are not a ton of spots to sit and eat your food, if we lived in the south side I guarantee we would be getting takeout on the regular.I tried the Thai chicken boxty and Chris had the fried oysters with chips. The chicken boxty was delish, the biggest surprise was the tots! These were homemade balls of almost mashed potatoes that were then fried. They looked almost like hush puppies and were amazing! Typically when people talk about tots I envision the tubular potatoes that nearly caused a riot on Glee. These were grown up tots and they was fantastic.Chris's oysters were fantastic, the breading was super flavorful. The fries! Lord the fries! They were thick cut babies that I normally sigh at because I expect mealy centers. Not so with these chips! They were thick and perfectly crispy! Odes have already been written about these chips on yelp, and people aren't lying! They also have beers (for dine in only) or 6 packs to go. I will definitely return! On an off time so that we can get a seat because I'm afraid if wreck while trying to eat those fries!
4	We were trying to figure out where to have dinner when I read Sarah K.'s review if this place. Hot fried food on a cold snowy night sounded wonderful. I ordered the Shrimp and Chips. It came with 5 huge battered shrimp. It had a bit to much breading for my taste but they were still delicious. I dipped the shrimp in the house cocktail sauce and dipped my fries in the Baja sauce. The Baja sauce is like a thick ranch dressing. I'm not a huge ranch dressing fan but I loved the Baja. My hubby ordered the Fish & Chips. It had two huge pieces of fish. The fish was tender and flaky with the crust that was the perfect amount of crispy batter. He dipped it in the Thai Chili sauce which was creamy and spicy. He also had the tarter sauce which was good but a smidge mayonnaisey. I wanted to try the Grandma's Apple Pie but I was too stuffed. Guess I will have to come back . Actually there are a lot if things in their menu that I would like to try.
5	I've been meaning to try this place out for a while now and I finally did! Thank god I did! I don't know how I lived without their Thai chili chicken tacos... $5 for two tacos; the chicken is fried fresh when you order, napa slaw, Thai chili sauce and some scallions. Simple and delicious! The chicken was perfect- juicy, thin but tasty breading and they were huge! The sauce wasn't too spicy and the slaw complemented both really well. For $5- the quality and quantity is unbeatable. I also ordered their fried mushrooms with a side of ranch. Wow. Perfectly fried with a puffy, light breading. They went so well with the ranch, too. Customer service was perfect as well- friendly and super helpful. I cannot wait to bring my boyfriend here, he's going  to be in love. I already have told all my coworkers in the southside to get here ASAP! Yum!
5	This place does no wrong when it's time to loosen the belt a lil bit. Hands down best fish n chips in the city. Scotch eggs are worldly and the fried candy bars are a perfect end to a meal. Every time I've been here (I think 5 times), nothing has been even close to just average,  just amazing. Now maybe my yinzer comes out when I stop by, bc of all the fried food. But I bet on Donnie Iris's musical talent that you won't have a bad meal. Unless you hail from SoCal.
5	I love this shop and was so happy when I spotted it on East Carson Street near my workplace. The fish & chips here is the perfect thing to order...the batter isn't too heavy and the fish seems very fresh. The chips are thick-cut and stand up well to the hearty two pieces of fish that come with each order. Since fish & chips is the basic premise of shops such as this one it's the only thing I tried my first time, but I'm dying to come back and sample the pies as well as the Thai fried chicken tacos or the tots that have received such rave reviews. I'm glad The Pub Chip Shop is in Pittsburgh!
4	A little bit of home!  I have been dying to try this place.  I'm from Australia and there's nothing like a good meat pie to comfort the soul.  I ordered the Steak & Ale pie and couldn't wait to start devouring it.  I asked for it to be extra hot and they kindly obliged.  The pie itself was very tasty but unfortunately, for my preference, the ratio of filling to pastry was out - 1/3 filling, 2/3 pastry, making it difficult to taste the delicious filling. Surprisingly, the star of the show turned out to be the Perch Tacos - these were amazing!! Coated and fried to flaky perfection, placed within a Reyna tortilla and then topped off with cabbage, Baja sauce and fresh cilantro.  An absolute winner!  The Pub Chip also has a small selection of beers and cider available. The space inside in quite small - fitting maybe 10 or so customers but more than adequate for turn over. Perfect for a pre-movie meal or quick meal out.
5	A great find while visiting Pittsburgh. Portions are huge and very creative. I had the White Chapel and it was enough for two. The sausage roll was delicious and more of an English sausage than an American. Seating is a bit limited but tables turn quickly. If your a fan of food trucks you'll love this place. All the taste of a gourmet truck without the uncertainty and eating in the wild.
4	Living less than two blocks away, I can't count how many times I have been here. Whether it be for breakfast, lunch, dinner, or after a few too many zima's; Pub Chip shop does not disappoint. I've tried a lot of the menu but always go back to the fish and chips or any of the boxty tot boxes for breakfast. My new intoxicated go-to is the ripper (chili cheese dog) and chips for less than $6. You do typically have to wait a little bit for your order but it is well worth it.
4	Service was friendly and helpful, pointed out some of the customer favorites.  The boxy tots are the best piece of deep fried potatoes.  Crust on the Salmon pasty was one of the best crusts I have had on any food or dessert, flakey, buttery, and a little crunchy.
4	So I have decided to update because I've been here since my last review and actually tried  stuff off of their menu rather than Pecan Rolls (amazinnnngg) & sausage rolls.My go-to here is the chicken and chips- which to my surprise arent chips.. they are french fries. Am i the only person who didnt know that, lol. It was a great surprise. I ordered my chicken strips (3) with the welch cheddar dip. The chicken was tasty and you can tell that its hand-breaded. I did really like it-- but I have had a few times where i find it too salty.. whether its too much seasoned salt, garlic salt or regular salt im not sure.. but it tastes a tad toooo salty (same with fries) The welch cheddar is a GREAT dip, but i wish they gave you more :( its those tiny little cups. I could scoop half a piece of chicken in it and use it all. Im a condiment person :DOne time, Bobby ordered the steak pot pie and added mac & cheese on top (munchie food at its finest) That was reallllly good! Great pot pies from this restaurant. Oh, another time bobby had the oysters and chips. He really liked it. I'm personally not a fan of oysters. i tried it and the breading was tasty :p They have nice hours too.. I've been here on a Saturday at 1:45am. They informed us that they closed at 3am- kudos to those workers!
