5	I have been going to Ponchos for at least twenty years and I am always satisfied.  The food is heavy - the way Mexican food should be.  You cannot go wrong with the chimichangas, Mexican pizza, green chili or flautas.  A few years ago during a trip to Phoenix, President Clinton came into Ponchos.  They commemorated the event with a mural on the wall where Clinton sat.  Also the chips and salsa are bottomless and fantastic!
4	Poncho's is one of the many places that you're tempted to not review because it means more people will come.  The place is already packed almost any night we go so it's not like it's a secret, and most everyone knows about how Clinton ate here when he came to town which gives it some good Mexican food street-cred.   That said, I still know folks who would go to a chain restaurant instead of driving into "South Phoenix".  They have no idea what they are missing.First of all, don't confuse Pancho's with Poncho's.  Pancho's is a Mexican buffet place near the Rhythm Room where you raise a flag for service.  Poncho's is an amazing restaurant with roots in Phoenix that are deep and wide.Poncho's was created oh so many years ago by a woman who made food and sold it from her house.  Food was so amazing, business boomed even back then.  They added a walk up window to the front of their house.  Then a few tables outside.  Then they figured they might add a few tables inside.  Pretty soon they realized they needed to move out and turn the whole thing into a restaurant.  Good choice.  I don't know how to recommend anything on the menu because everything I've tried is great.  In my household Chimi's reign supreme.  I'm a fan of a few of their combo meals. Close your eyes, point to the menu, eat.  That's my recommendation.  It will be good.  There is a back entrance to a lounge area where you can sit at the bar or one of their tables.  Full menu service is available.  It's an awesome place to watch the game on their big screen.  Everyone has been super friendly when we've been there.  The smallish rooms created when you make a house a restaurant can get a bit loud, but it would be worse if we were in one giant room.  Again, I've never been here when it wasn't hopping.  Tuesday, generally one of the slower nights, we had a 10 min wait for a table. It's never insane, but the biggest negative has to be their waiting area.  Or waiting hall I should say.  The door in is say 6 steps to the hostess booth down a "hall where you can touch both sides with your hands at the same time easily - but there is a long bench on one side.  Since the place is packed most nights, that means a row of folks sitting, and a row of folks standing against the wall.  If this wasn't all close enough, new folks sometimes try to walk in and go up to the hostess area, or meet friends in the restaurant so they are walking down the middle.  That said, we have had some fun conversations while waiting.  Last Friday night the hostess (and older lady that I'm guessing is a partial owner) was busy running around and getting a drink, so young lady said to all the new groups that walked in while she was out, "Well, I've been coming here since I was 6, so I'll play hostess" and she started putting our names down on the list.  That turned into a "who's been coming longer" competition which was won buy a guy in his mid40's or so, we didn't ask, who'd been coming almost weekly since he was 4.   Funny how those tight quarters can lead to some pre-dinner bonding/story-sharing.  So on top of the friendly folks, the great service, the fun wall painting (The Clinton room, as mentioned below, does have a picture of him painted on the wall.  It also has a painted representation of where his secret service guy stood during the whole meal.  One of the bus boys heard us showing it to someone and he stopped to mention to us, "Yea, and he looked JUST like that ALL night."), the amazing food, and the short from down-town commute - these are some of the best dang prices you are going to find for real sit down service anywhere.  Every once in awhile we'll get a coupon for $1/off a chimi and we often don't use them because the bill is so low it already feels like a deal.  On a recent dinner, for 4 adults w/ full meals - but no bar tab, it came to $37 AFTER a 25% tip.  How many other places in Phoenix can you dine with a President for that price?
5	Ok... this old world, family owned Mexican restaurant is my favorite in all of the valley.  I have lived here for 10 years and just haven't found anything better than Poncho's.  It has been in the valley since the 50's, passed on with each generation.  The menu is as authentic as the family that runs it.  Wonderful people, and wonderful service!  My favorite items on the menu (aside from their salsa and bean dip for the nacho chips) is the Pollo Fundido and the strawberry margarita.  YAHOO!  The burrito is stuffed with chicken and chopped green chilis and cheese, then topped with melted cheese AND a jalepeno sour cream sauce.  OH YEAH.  The atmosphere is very old world... nothing fancy to say the least.  But when you make your way to South Phoenix, you surely won't be disappointed.
4	Just moved here and this was Mmy first non-chain restaurant in Phoenix. Loved the chips. Loved the squirt bottle of red sauce on the table. Yummy smokey flavor. I want to marry that sauce. My flauta was a bit overcooked, but tried other peoples dishes and they were great. I'm craving the green tamale right NOW. Best of all was the service. Very friendly. Definitely coming back.
5	I call this... "Ode To The Only Resturant I Truely Love"My parents went to school with the owner's kids. They remember when it was a walk-up window take out place. Infact, when my father picked my mother and I up from the hospital after I was born, the FIRST stop they made on the way back to the rez was Poncho's! One of the co-owners likes to laugh and say that she saw me before most of my family did! I went from being in a car seat gurgling as my relatives chomped on the best chips in town served with some awesome hot sauce that hasn't really changed since I was young. To being a little girl who always ordered the deep friend tortilla wrapped hot dogs with crinkle cut french fries and the BEST coldest ketchup I ever had!! To being a young woman who brought every single close friend I met while being away at school or through the native pageant circuit to enjoy the wonders that is "The Works". My FAVORITE meal there is the cheese crisp as an appetizer, Combination #18 which is two tacos (i always order beef!), rice & beans. They have the best beans EVER!! And the rice is awesome too! I've had all the desserts on their menu and nothing really jumps out at me. I guess I still love the family tradition of going to the water & ice cream shop for thrifty ice cream before heading home! I have had many experiences at this resturant. I've held my high school graduation party there; this resturant was the place where I signed a contract that made me the goodwill ambassador of my people for nearly a year; it was from their bar that I had my first LEGAL margarita on my 21st birthday, it was also the place where my then boyfriend got on one knee and asked me to marry him, and it was their waitresses who said "to HELL with him!!" when we ended our engagement. It's a wonderful place to me, I like that I can go in and say "Hi Marty!" to their one time waitress who now manages the resturant. and have her yell, "HI CHERYL!!" Yes... that's right!! That's how long she has known me!! She can call me Cheryl and get away with it!! I also love the other long time co-owners/managers. There is one that always wants to buy a certain piece of jewelry off of me. And another who always laughes when I bring someone new in. Poncho's is a place of regulars... LONG time regulars. and i think this is what every great restuant needs. Local, long time regulars who grow with the restuant. Who bring in new friends to enjoy the huge wonderful chimichangas or the Presidential Special and laugh over delicious enchiladas while a secret service agent (who kinda looks like leslie nealson if u ask me) painted on the wall watches on. While a bustling resturant does what it does best: offer homestyled, friendly, affordable and great food to it's old time regulars and it's about-to-become regulars.
5	Best straight-up sit-down Mexican restaurant in Phoenix!  I've driven over 40 minutes on several occasions just to eat here.This place is really tiny, but that's because it used to be a residence.  Eventually the business grew so much that the owners moved out and converted their home into a restaurant.The food is great, and really inexpensive.  Everything I've had is excellent.  The staff is friendly and the service is fast.  It's one of the places I like to take visiting friends and family.
5	The neighborhood does not do justice to the gem that is found at Ponchos. The food was hot and delicious and I have never had a bad meal here. I love to suprise people with the excellent taste and how clean this place is in comparison to the drive in...Great group of home town people! Lovin it!
5	First of all, I love this place. I plan to come here regularly as long as I live in Phoenix. Before I go on to expound upon the wonders of my first dining experience here, I need to make a brief but passionate comment about the location of this restaurant. I agree that Poncho's  is a gem, but I think it does a disservice to the residents of this area to think of Poncho's as good *given the area*. Part of what makes restaurants like Poncho's so great is that they are family-run, with the passion and experience of many generations fueling their current success. In my limited time here, South Phoenix strikes me as an area that has a lot of heart and soul to it - a lot of the homes in the neighborhood have been in the family for generations, and certain restaurants here reflect this sense of the past and of community. I loved my first experience at Poncho's because it's such a great dining experience with real ties to the South Phoenix community, not in spite of this fact. OK, that being said, on to the food and drink! We started with thin, crispy, perfectly salted chips with some hot salsa in a bottle - best starter ever! We ordered margaritas, and our waitress (who was really down-to-earth and helpful) asked if we wanted the "big bowl" ones. "Hmmm, why not," we said (they were priced at $6.50, which is really reasonable). And we didn't regret our choice! They were a little sweet for my taste, but they still had a really great lime flavor and tasted pretty strong. Much better than the limeade Los Dos Molinos tries to pass off as margarita mix! And once we had them along with the chips, the mix started to taste less sweet and became the perfect compliment to the spice of the salsa. When we first saw the prices of the food, we were shocked! It was so cheap! It's really impressive that the owners have managed to keep the quality and portions so high while keeping prices so low. Based on Yelp reviews, I recommended to my husband that he try the Pollo Fundido (~$7). I tried two a la carte items - the chile relleno w/ chicken (~$5) and the shredded beef enchilada ($3.50). Everything was so rich but so good! The fried shell and the jalapeno cream cheese on the Pollo were so satisfying, the enchilada sauce was really flavorful, and the chicken was moist. The beans and rice were also really good. We enjoyed every minute of our entrees, which we continued to wash down with the margaritas. We left feeling full but satisfied, and we definitely look forward to coming back soon (perhaps for happy hour or to sit in the cantina, which was really lively). Thank you, Poncho's! I'm glad you exist!
1	After reading so many 4 and 5 star reviews I was hesitant to post mine thinking I just had a bad experience. I decided to try my luck again and went to Ponchos for dinner last night. I now have been there a few times and my experience has been consistently horrible. First of the all the place used to be a house, now converted to a restaurant. Usually this is a great and charming idea, but it doesn't seem to work for me. The rooms are incredibly crowded and you are either screaming at your dining partner or (loudly) overhearing the table next to you. Imagine trying to fit 5 restraunt booths in to a small bedroom.. To close for comfort.The food - I'm sorry my fellow yelpers but I honestly think it is horrible. The chips have always been to greasy, they only serve hot sauce and you have to pay for salsa. Lame. I have had many entrees (where's the pollo under all this fundido) (chimichanga greasemanga) but last night won the "most disgusting entree" award. I order the Steak Picado (I think that's what it was called) and it came out overcooked and cold. The rice and beans were barely edible, the cheese in my garnish and beans were melted stiff but there were also bits of cold (what appeared to be) sandwich cheese sprinkling the plate and hiding under the steak. It was supposed to come with tomatillo sauce but came with their normal salsa heated up..  My friend ordered the Huevos Rancheros and it was even worse, the eggs were rubbery and greasy at the same time. They were covered in a slimy sauce they passed off as ranchero but it seems like a watered down green sauce. It was so bad he didn't even eat it.Don't get me wrong - I love Mexican, all types and usually the heavier the better, but Ponchos is a place I will not be returning. Yes it was really cheap, but you get what you pay for.. Picture attached.
1	My friend reminded me of the best part... When we walked outside after our horrible meal, there was a nasty used green condom on the floor. Yuck.
3	Went there with a group of about 8 people.  I ordered a 'big' margarita...which actually wasn't bad.  The food on the menu looked good, but I was not a fan of the chips and salsa.  I know most people rave about it...but the whole squeeze bottle salsa was actually too thin for me.  I like my salsa chunky so that I can dig in with my chips.  Anyways, I ordered the my food and was happy with it.  It was very good.  Probably worth 4 stars in my book, but since I only gave this restaurant 3 stars your probably wondering why only 3 of you just said it's worth 4 stars.  Well the reason I knocked it down was because of the service.  Just not very good at all.  Our service seemed irritated everytime we asked for anything.  She only came to check on us 1 time during the whole meal.  We had to get up ourselves and go to the kitchen to get a side of sour cream and our own napkins.  I'll try them again to see if maybe she was just the bad apple of the bunch.
4	My wife is a die hard but that's because she grew up eating here. I can say this is not a bad place for food. They make a good everything. We had 2x 3 way burrito green chili, red chili and bean with green sauce on top. 1x Pollo fundito with rice (excellent)A ton of chips and salsa The bill was slightly over $20...lol freaking MCD'S is more.
4	I love Poncho's. I grew up in South Phoenix so my family and I came here all the time when I was a kid and I continue to make the drive back here years later and always bring new friends to try the place out. My favorite dish is the Pollo Fundido. It's so good. The salsa in a squeeze bottle is kinda weird, but good. Be sure to check out the room with a mural of ex-Pres. Clinton sitting at the end of your table. And the secret service standing on the opposite wall.
5	I made a wrong turn to avoid an accident scene on Baseline Road...GOOD THING! I found Panchos!  This place is super cheap and super delicious!  I usually order the El Crudo burrito ($6.45 only!) and I love the Mole sauce!  The burrito is stuffed with Machacha beef and comes with rice and some lettuce...the sauce is the best Mole sauce I have ever had.  I have never had to wait for my food. Although the parking lot can get packed. This place is amazing. if I'm ever in phoenix again on business I'm going here!  Love it. btw, I was on  mission to find some bomb ass Mexican food and was somewhat disappointed. People kept referring me to Filbertos.  WTF Go to PANCHOS!
2	Visiting Phoenix and our friends who live in town often go there.  It was super busy and we had to wait 20 minutes for a table on a Thursday night, chips were greasy, in fact all the food was extra oily, flavors ordinary, services extra spotty as our very polite very overwhelmed waiter (with only 2 days experience) struggled to bring out food that took a long time to come and in fact one of us had not received her food and 3 of us were done.  I don't think they'll be back soon and we won't ask to go there....to bad, we were in the "Clinton Ate Here Room"
5	BEST mexican food in the valley. Beans are the BEST. Enchilada's &amp; Tacos are the BEST. Pollo Fundido is very very tasty. I usually stick to my usual routine: the "Muchas Cosas" plate: cheese enchilada, folded taco (i always get beef), bean tostada, beans, rice &amp; a flower tortilla. You can't beat it. I LOVE this place. My only complaint, not really a complaint, just a preference, is that I love the FLAVOR of the salsa, but prefer chunkier salsa w/ fresh cilantro. But the salsa they have is GREAT in folded tacos. The chips are good, but i prefer thicker chips, but again, thats just a preference.They are ALWAYS busy, so get there early (or wait til later to go). They have a take-out window if your in a hurry. Don't even worry about the neighborhood. We just moved near south Phoenix from Chandler, and its fine. The ambiance inside is awesome and the hostess is very friendly. You just can't go wrong here. A++++ food!
4	I ordered hardshell tacos from the take out here today and they were very good. I tried this place after a friend recommended it and was happy with the tacos. Will have to try a few other menu items to get a better overall picture of what is available here.
4	I love the food here!  Ive always shared the combo plates that lets you get a taste of everything.  Definetly fills you up.  My only complaint is the entry way/waiting room.  They need to widen it so people can actually walk thru while other people wait.  Am definetly going back!
3	After having multiple people telling me this is the best mexican food around, I figured I had to try this place. I was no where near impressed.  The only upside was the salsa and chips, hot and fresh and the salsa had zip but a great flavor. I got the sampler meal and it was subpar.  I can think of multiple places better than this for Mexican food. Ohh well atleast I can say I tried it.
5	Hmmmm....didn't really impress me when i heard former President Clinton ate here in a whim on one of his trips in PHX. i was more distracted by this eatery being centrally located on a grimey street as well as the odd smell that greeted us in the narrow halls of the waiting area. It surprised me that the odd smell did not deter the number of people who were dining here. There was a brief wait time as this small eatery was packed in every room-including the bar's dining area. There was also a wait for the takeout line which they had conveniently outside...must be something worth yelping about....So i decided to order what my cousin has been raving about-the chimichangas. I've eaten many a chimichangas before but never...a beef chimichanga... even with its regular guacamole +sour cream combo ever touched  the one i had at Ponchos! Simply stated-the overall meal came fast, FRESH & was filling. Now i understand how certain foods can trigger a massive release of endorphins throughout your body....i stuffed myself enough to put me in a food coma. Now i understand that i could never go back to a 'chain' Mexican restaurant again. Affordable as is delicious-Ponchos proves that QUALITY of food isn't necessarily determined by price-as some of the best & most authentic cuisines are truly hidden treasures in local neighborhoods waiting to be found...thank you cousin for helping me discover this gem!The menu may look very typical (http://www.ponchosaz.com/eimenu/) but you'd only know the taste difference if you ate here & experienced it for yourself. Poncho's wont disappoint.
4	You had me at hello. You had me at hello...For me (and my dad), I am all about first impressions, and if you have bad salsa than I am not likely going to return. Or if you make me PAY for my chips and salsa--FAIL!Pancho's salsa rocks the house! Their food is great and call me crazy, but I like eating in their seedy bar. Their frozen margs arent too bad either.If you want authenticity--this is the place!
3	I really have to say that my experience was just okay.  I walked in the wrong way and got ovewhelmed.  There are 2 doors, one is for the bar and one for the restaurant.  Because it was so crowded everywhere we couldn't figure out what door we needed to enter.  We finally got inside and seated in the presidential room.    The doorways and rooms are so tight and clausterphobic.  Everytime I needed something I would have to flag down the waitress and I felt like we were bugging her.  The food was just okay.  I ordered the veggie burrito that I liked but would just get it from the take out window next time where it is even cheaper than inside the restaurant.
3	Tired after a busy day, I stepped out to find a bite to eat right around home, & landed here at Pancho's for the first time.  There was a big crowd on hand for dinner, but they did manage to squeeze me in within five minutes or so, to a very comfortable booth in a small, cozy dining room.This place has TONS of atmosphere!  It consists of a number of tastefully decorated & lighted small & medium sized dining rooms, with low ceilings & archways separating each room.  There are tables, booths, & 1/2 & 1/2, depending upon the room.Chips & salsa arrived at my table soon, along with a glass of water, & my friendly waitress appeared shortly thereafter, to drop off a menu.There is plenty to choose from here, & the prices are very reasonable.  For about $8, I had a combination plate with a chile relleno, a cheese enchilada, & a green corn tamale.  (Lunch prices are even less.)Even though they were busy, my order arrived in a reasonable amount of time, served on a piping hot platter.  I wasn't crazy about my food in particular, but I think it'll be 4-Stars if I order the right items. I did enjoy it enough return, for sure!
3	Cheesy.  Truly, it's a little too cheesy for my tastes, although I've grown to accept this as a normal problem with these Americanized Mexican restaurants.  But this is a great little place that has dining inside and a take-out window outside.  It's a great place to pick up an enchilada-style burrito on the way home.
5	I found out about Ponchos since the early 70's , it was good then as it is now and now i live 5 minutes away and go there about once a week, love it ....
5	So good here.  So good.  I asked my friend who lives in Phoenix what's a place that is "Phoenix" and I can't eat anywhere else.  She recommended Poncho's and man, I am glad she did.I had already eaten a bag of Ruffles sour cream and cheddar, so my stomach wasn't feeling that great.  But I had to get the pollo fundido, and it was amazing.  It was pretty big.  Ok, enough about that, just know, it was amazing.  I am salivating thinking about it.The chips and salsa was great.  Everything was great.  Go here for some authentic Mexican food.  Yum.
4	Great food and selection. Highly recommend for those looking for a nice family type establishment. This is a great place to take out of town guests who are interested in trying some good Mexican food.The restaurant gets crowded and there is often a wait but it's worth it for the experience and the food. Be sure to go in the right door or it's a bit confusing.
5	Great restaurant all around
5	I love this place. I recommend it all the time. However, I always....and I mean ALWAYS have to explain to people that this is "not the place with the little flag that gets you more tacos" This restaurant has a special place in my heart.
4	Ah, sweet gluttony! Poncho's is busy, loud, and has lots of personality. I really, really love the food here and I go if I'm around South Phoenix and want to eat until I pass out. I've been going here since I was little, and here are my recommendations:Salsa (tons of it!)Fried zucchinni (only available in the dining room)Pollo fundido The to-go area is "meh." A lot of the menu options are not available to-go, including my beloved fried zuchinni.
1	Back in the day I used to drive all the way from Surprise to eat here, yes the food was that good. They used to have the most killer Pollo Fundido as well as amazing chunky salsa. Time has certainly changed this place.. we started with a cheese crisp with green chiles, delicious.. nice and crispy with just the right amount of chile strips.. also ordered their killer chunky salsa which was as good as I remember it. Then come my Pollo Fundido swimming, Im serious about this, swimming in a pool of grease!! They didn't even bother draining the thing before tossing it onto my plate. Was disgusting too, not even like clear oil but dark brown grease. Vile. Then the Misters Sampler showed up.. this thing was a fucking mess! You couldn't tell what was what under the piles of sauce and lettuce until you took a bite. Mini chimis were burnt, mini tacos burnt, tamales, cold and hard.. was a complete wreck. After a few bites we called it.. major loss of appetite.. a shame too cause the salsa was actually really good but the entrees were inedible. Meanwhile, the Mister was attached to the toilet within a few hours of eating here.. he was sick all day the next too.. so word of caution, eat here at your own risk.Im sure going to miss the good meals I used to have here, what a real shame.
5	Ponchos is the best! My family has been going to Ponchos since the 80's and can't get enough. If you want true Arizona style Mexican food, this is the place. The chili relleno is awesome, the chimi's are also very good. It's loud and very informal, but always a great time!
2	Ever since my first visit seven months ago I've been meaning to get back here to order a different dinner from the menu & try to join the crowd, giving Poncho's 4-Stars.  Last time I had eaten a #11 Combo, & this time I had the #13.  Here was my impression this time:The good:Tons of atmosphere!Friendly service.A little bowl & a squeeze bottle of salsa for the chips, that gives you enough that you won't run out.  Nice!Reasonable prices.Generous servings.= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = The not-so-good, in my opinion:The poor menu!  The Combo choices miss many combinations.  They don't allow substitutions, & none of them added up to what I wanted, & would usually be able to get at a Mexican restaurant around town.My #13 Combo came with an enchilada, tamale, taco (choice of shredded beef or chicken for each), & a tostada, attractively served, for $8.75.  Fine so far, but while the taco was ok, the rest of it was blah tasting (like the #11 last time).I'm sorry, I have to end up at 2-Stars here.  After all, if the food isn't very good, that's a biggie.
4	Green chicken tamale was amazing.  Perfect moisture.  Not to salty.  The kernels of corn added sweetness to it. There was a nice manageable amount of masa. The thing was like crack. Could not get enough.   Also had theChicken chile relleno.  Which was amazing tasting..       The only downside was being tucked away in a broom closet with three other tables.      And cheddar cheese?     Go with some authentic Mexican cheese and it would have been perfect.   Eat here eat here. Cause dang its good.
4	Pretty Decent food at good prices. My favorite is the Pollo Fundido. Seeing the photo of the cheese crisp here on Yelp, I'm definitely ordering that next trip.The staff is very friendly and service is good.It used to be a sign of a good restaurant if they brought water to your table before you ordered. Ponchos brings you water, chips and salsa.Even before I lived close to Ponchos it was one of my favorites.* I advise taking a table in the bar or else you might get stuck next to a very noisy kitchen or the bathrooms.
5	Poll Fundido, chips and salsa.   Can't get any better.
1	Alright, it hurts me to do this, but after today, Poncho's is dead to me. I was a faithful customer for years as I grew up in the Laveen area. I returned today, excited for the same quality and feeling a little nostalgic. Bleh. It was incredibly loud and every table had a crying baby. Don't get me wrong, I love babies, but every reasonable person has limits. Also, our waitress was awful. I'm not usually too picky, but she didnt once come by after our food was dropped off to ask how everything was. She was morose, made no effort to engage and everything we wanted, we had to chase her down for. And we arrive...at the food. The zucchini appetizer is off the menu, big disappointment. My beef tamale was awful. I would have sent it back had my waitress ever returned. My chicken enchilada was edible but tasted like one of those frozen entrees. The salsa is still good, but I'm not about to drive down to south Phoenix if everything else sucks. Sorry, Poncho's. You used to be high on my list but you've really lost a lot of flavor and character since my last visit.
2	Just okay...now.Ponchos used to be so much better than my experience today. This was actually my first time dining inside the restaurant instead of take-out. It was no doubt really cool to see the presidential room dedicated to Bill Clinton, but the food today in no way represented that prestige.As usual with any Mexican restaurant, we got chips and salsa.Unfortunately, the salsa lacked the flavor that I remembered it having. For lunch, I got the Borracho Burro and got to try a tamale and chicken enchilada. The enchilada was okay, but the tamale flat out sucked today. It was pretty flavorless and didn't feel like it was made with any heart. My burrito was alright, but it didn't have any umph to it flavor wise... I could order the same thing at a lot of different restaurants in the valley...it was mediocre.Today was a sad day because my visit today made it just that much harder to drive out to South Phoenix to dine here. It's not just the distance anymore, but it's due to a lack of desire for Poncho's renowned dishes. I hope whatever happened here turns around, but I'm not the only one who feels this way, and that's a shame.
1	I ate here last spring and ordered the chicken fajitas. I was served rubbery chicken that seemed to been cooked in pure salty soy sauce. My dad ordered the steak fajitas...again with the soy sauce. I was with some vegetarians (I don't remember what they ordered) but they were pretty meh about their food as well. For the 9-10$ the fajitas cost, I was expecting a little more than soy sauce seasoning.The actual place is pretty cute and they have various rooms that are decorated well. The service was ok. The chips and salsa were the best thing about the meal. I would not eat here again.
5	Went to Poncho's on a football  Sunday and sat in the lounge. We had the chorizo cheese crisp, which was really good. And for entrees we had the Muchacho Grande and the Pollo Fundido. As good as they both were, we liked the Pollo Fundido a lot more. Maragaritas were decent. Would definitely go back.
1	WARNING: Everything is super deep fried... Been here twice and everything was way to greasy.Have have been told they have a great happy hour including $10 pitchers of Margaritas. I'll shall have to try and repost my findings...
3	Ponchos is an average to good place to get take out or eat in Mexican-AMERICAN food. That is to say It is fried, topped with cheese, and not to complex. The prices are good and the service is fast and because of this is a staple in South Phoenix.
5	Excellent food and prices I normally eat here about 3-4 X  a month. Sometimes a bit slow and loud so not your romantic table for 2 kinda place
4	Yeah, pretty decent mexican food, GREAT big giant margaritas.  Done lunch and now dinner 3 times here.  I don't wanna advertise this too much because I'm afraid that if too many people catch on, the restaurant will figure it out and put a stop to it BUT...Once a buddy and I figured out the secret to getting hammered on their margaritas for cheap:   Order a pitcher of margaritas with NO ICE.  They are OK with that!   You get 3x the amount of margarita, and they will still bring you glasses full of ice.  Go figure.  Winning, Duh!  I guess by reading these reviews that it's hit or miss with the food, but their margaritas are worth going there for, even if the food does suck on your particular visit. They are just damn good margaritas. KILLER margaritas.  Seriously.Also, regardless of the food and other qualities that make a restaurant what it is, my take-aways are always based to some degree on how good of a time I had there.  If the food sucks, but I still have a good time, I'm gonna remember that and that's gonna be reflected in my reviews.  Maybe it's just the good company, I don't know, but at this place, I have always had a good time, and I don't remember the food ever being less than good.  Go have yourself a good time!
1	went after reading positive reviews and craving authentic mexican food. BUT this was HORRIBLE. Staples like chips and salsa were stale and bland respectively. But to make matters worse, my fajita was the most disgusting thing ever. The chicken was fried to the point that I could not chew it, and the veggies were covered in grease, and the whole thing was cooked in Soy Sauce! Is that traditional?? It was a nasty overall experience...
1	Ew to poor service and less than desireable food!  No bueno
4	Food is great love the red chili and green chili burrito.
4	Definitely a must if you are near South Mountain Park in Phoenix which we were.  Quant  atmosphere and decorated totally Mexican style.  Not the best neighborhood but that's what adds to the ambience of the place.  Very inexpensive and huge portions.  I ordered the  Chicken Relleno which you rarely see on a Mexican menu.  It was $5.50.  Filled up the whole plate with a delicious serving of moist white meat chicken in a  chile relleno topped with a yummy sauce loaded with sauteed onions, mild chilles and of course cheese poured all over with a small salad.  Hubby ordered a combo of tamales, chicken enchillada, chile rellenos.  Had to bring half home.  Equally yummy.  Our son had the chicken enchilldas and scarfed down his meal in seconds.  It will be one of our favorites when traveling up to Phoenix.
5	best mexican food in az! love me some pollo fundido! There take out is fast if you call your order in. If you want to eat there you can plan on a long wait.
4	Yeah,  wow,  Poncho's this Mexican food is amazing.I just knew I hit the jackpot after I saw my first order, the sampler platter.tamales are great here i get the green corn.  Man I'll drive here just to fulfill a tamale attack.  The place has a cool set up winding around room to room it just never ends. I"m glad its open a little late for those late night customers.  Watch out for lunch here during the week it can get full, its one of those place people know where to find.  Just of Central in South Phoenix.  I don't get out here that much Destination location for sure.My personal note: we live in Arizona, experiencing some of the best Mexican food America does not know about  makes me really enjoy the valley"Poncho's Mexican food,  Kevin U. place  to try."Kevin
4	I think this building was a house before they turned it into a restaurant because the halls are a bit narrow and the rooms are a bit small, but the food is great! They give you chips and salsa while you are waiting for your food and their salsa is home made and delicious! Their margaritas are amazing and huge (if you get the large) and pretty strong ;) . I wouldn't suggest you don't go on a Friday night for dinner because they do get pretty busy and the wait gets pretty long.
5	I don't understand some of the bad reviews here. I have been driving to South Phx for years just to eat a Pollo Fundido at Ponchos. Last night we took a couple of friends who had never been. We have not been in over a year. Everything was great. Service, food was exactly as is always has been. Friends love what they ordered, one the beef chimi, the other pollo fundido. The totally enjoyed it as did I.I would highly recemmend this place as I always have. Its a family restaurant, cozy fun atmosphere. you  might wait a bit on a friday night and the bar is noisy, but it has a fun vibe .
5	I've found my new home! If your like me and you are drawn to places that are a mix of color, character, funk and a touch of danger, this is the place! I've driven by numerous times, I didn't even know if was a sit down restaurant, because I always say a line of people ordering from the takeout window at the front. Craving some good mex food, I was going to hit up one of my regular places, but decided to try somewhere real close, and ponchos came up.. Walked past the line of large parties waiting to get in, they had some tables for one in the back. I walked past a very eclectic mix of people, bikers, couples, tourists, and what seemed to be a lot of regulars. The atmosphere, decor, smells and sounds transport me to a place of sheer happiness.The Food: I probably could have been served a tv dinner and still loved this place... Chips and a full bottle of salsa appeared seconds after I sat down. It took me 4 bites to decide that I liked the peppery salsa, but by the end of my meal, only a half inch remained, I realize this may be something I will crave if I ever have to go more than a few weeks without. For my main, I chose the pollo fundido, as it seems that is the go to dish here. It really was fantastic. Not complicated, greasy, or light, just simply delicious! For a beverage, I had a small margarita, which had no price, listed. When info the bill it was only $4.00 which was a nice surprise. After cleaning my plate, I just wanted to sit back and enjoy the vibe, listen to the ranchero music, and pretend I was an actor in a Tarantino/Rodriguez movie. So if your in town on a smoldering saturday night, you'll likely find me here indulging a neon green bowl o happiness and an empty bottle of salsa.
5	I love this place and drive about 20 miles just to eat here it has great food and great places. I always get the pollo fundidio and it is delicious every time. I have been going here for about 10 years.
5	Their 3 way chimichangas are to die for. I was talking to a friend about mexican food. I said there is only one mexican food restaurant that I will eat at. Their food is authentic. He said let's try it and it better be good. We get there for lunch and is full as usual. We ordered 2 3 way chimichangas to go. He sat in his car and said let me try it before we leave. He tasted it and he said wow this is pretty good. I live like 10 min away. He kept it on his lap and could not stop eating it at stop lights. By the time we got to my house his plate was gone. I have been going to Ponchos for a couple of decades and that is the only mexican restaurant I will eat at. I normally go out to eat alot of italian and sushi but Ponchos will always draw me back. You have to try their 3 way chimichangas when you go there.
5	The service isnt amazing, but its the best Mexican food in the world. Just my opinion but its good old Sonoran style cooking and I just love it.  Their hot sauce, rice and beans are second to none.  Theres really nothing bad on the menu, only bad for you.  It is one of my favorite places ever.
5	Wow.. a waiting line on a Friday afternoon means somethings good here.. I was not disappointed. Love it all.. the presidents plate is amazing, service it top notch I will be back.. chips and salsa alone are like crack. I can't get enough
5	we eat here on a regular basis the food is awesome!!! service is awesome!!!  The best mexican restaurant in arizona hands down.
5	Best mexican food in Phoenix. Good food low prices.
4	Love this place.  Every time we make the trip from Tucson to Phoenix I get this craving for Poncho's.  The building must have been an old house from the 1930's and converted into a restaurant.  There are so many nooks and crannys to get lost in.  But when you make your way in you are greeted by this lovely older lady who is full of piss and vinegar with a great sense of humor who leads you to your table.  We were there Sat. at about 2.00PM.  The place was packed with large families who seem to know the wait staff pretty well.  Everyone is so friendly and efficient which is a plus. Now to the real test.  The food is wonderful, rich in flavor and beautifully  presented.  Unfortunately, I am a wuss and order the same gringo dish (Chicken Enchilladas with green sauce)  Hubby orders Chile Relleno, tamale, combo plate.  The thing is those onions which are sauteed to perfection slathered all over the dish including the rice. This makes me real happy.  If you love onions this is surely the place.  It's a "must go" when heading up to Phoenix.
5	If you like great food, wonderful service and cheap prices there's no reason why you shouldn't make Ponchos your new favorite  eatery or better yet, make it a new family tradition to come here on your birthdays, anniversaries or any special occasion that you  celebrate and pass on to generations to come. You will always be satisfied by Ponchos and their great services they provide.  As a local resident in south Phoenix Ponchos is a stellar example of a local business that has maintained its quality food, great service and low prices even in these tough economic times. It will be well worth your trip to make it over to Poncho's, its a gem.
5	Ate dinner here again,and as expected the bomb!!! If you like mexican food go to ponchos the pollo fundido is to die for!!  The service is awesome.
5	Love Love Love this place.  Authentic Mexican food.  I had the beef tacos and beef tamale plate with rice and beans!  So yummy.  Highly recommend
5	Authentic mexican food.  This is a long time family spot and I continue to go there whenever I feel like I need a great taco, rice and beans.  Never had a bad service in almost two decades of going there.  Could not recommend enough.
5	AMAZING mexican food!  i am no fan whatsoever of mexican food...BUT i AM a major fan of Don Poncho's mexican food...specifically their carnitas and asada tacos and sopes...i can only speak for these two items.  And i will keep on coming back for them!  delicious!
4	Love this place! The food is delicious. The salsa is fantastic and better yet, they sell it. Took home a pint and plenty of left overs. Knocking one star off because service can be extremely slow at times.
1	Having been to Poncho's many times over the years, and never being to excited about their food and service, we happened to be out and about, and hungry Saturday 11/1 around 9pm. I remembered Poncho's serves food late, so we stopped in to give it a try. The place we packed. Hardly an empty table which seemed like a good sign.Service took quite a while, but there were several large parties around us, (one who clearly never heard of "inside voices", but rather "screaming voices") so they were busy. A simple "hello, be right with you" would have been nice though, as opposed to being completely ignored.We loved the screaming child next to us, who the parents ignored and chose to drink many beers instead of correcting his behaviur. When he knocked some holiday decorations off the wall, the parents simply set them on the floor and went back to their beer. ( not the fault of Poncho's, but indicative of the typical clientele.I asked about beers on tap, and was told "Bud, Bud light, Miller). Seeems like a Mexican restaurant would have some Dos xx's , Tecate or something, but no. We asked how the quesadilla was, and were assured it was fantastic, so we had that, and 2 different combo plates. Well, the "quesadilla" was simply 2 heated tortillas with greasy runny orange cheese. No sides, no toppings, just orange goo.Our entrees were no better. The beans were bland and tasteless, and were the burritos.. It was like eating air. The beef taco was HORRIBLE. I literally watched oil run out of it as i held it up.I voiced my concerns, but was just given a shrug by the waitress.I used the bathroom, which was a wreck, dirty and no paper towels or soap, and headed out their door for the last time.I have never understood how people can rave about this place, but they can have it. I won't be back.
5	PONCHOS IS BY FAR #1(Not to be confused with the dingy Panchos Buffet.)  This place in located in South Phoenix and is only about a 10 min drive away from the airport.. Makes it convenient for people who are traveling into or out of Phoenix and have that itch for real Mexican food. This place is always packed. The food is served piping hot, with great chili sauces and unlimited hot chips and salsa and is super affordable to boot! I recommend the Pollo Fundito - Marinated pulled chicken chimichanga that has a warm jalapeno cream cheese inside.. Not good for you, but tastes oh so good.. This place has great music, fantastic margaritas, and friendly service..  The one thing I do not like about this place is their Guacamole. It is unimpressive so don't waste your time adding that to any of your dishes. Lucky for us that we don't need the guac to make this place rock!  Side note... Bill Clinton dines here when he visits the grand canyon state.. They painted his picture on the wall where he usually sits. I'm a Republican and I keep coming back.
5	So, this place is like my family's tradition, yet today was the first time I've ever tried it (or the first time I remember trying it...) Anyways, it was great! We sat and ate in the bar, which at first looked kinda dingy, but it actually has pretty decent decoration. We were served right when we got there (we came when it opened up) and our server was really nice! She deserves to be mentioned by name, but I don't remember it.... sorry! Anyways, the menu was big but not-too-big, of you know what I mean. I ended up getting the shredded chicken chimichanga, and I also tried some of the Pollo Fundido (spelling?) and both were DELICIOUS! Yes, the portions are HUGE! It is imminent that you will fall into a food coma, even if you have a full box of leftovers to take home. It was a tad greasy, but it's fried mexican food, what do you expect? In conclusion, I say that it's my new favorite mexican restaurant.
2	How has this place stayed in business for 36 years serving the weirdest, unauthentic Mexican food ever presented on a plate? It might be because Bill Clinton ate here in 1999 and they are still getting food tourists? Not sure, but I did snap a photo of Clinton's table and that earned the extra star. The place is a mishmosh of small rooms and is old looking, but seemingly it retains its customers somehow, The guy next to us said he has been eating here once a week for the past 20 years and the waitress must have been here from day one. Have you ever heard of a waitress being too efficient, doing her job too good - kinda weird concept, but maybe somebody will get it.    Even though, waitress informed pop that the fajitas were cooked in Teriayki sauce (WTF?), she said they were good and he took the veteran's bait. Big Mistake because our regular told us later that they just cook the chicken in Worcesthire sauce. His plate was swimming in salty, black liquid, only one tortilla was given, the guac had no chunks and looked like green toothpaste and the original salsa served with the chips was a watery mess of slightly hot red liquid (nothing in it). The $1 chunky salsa was better, but still on par with a chain or something (no offense to the much better chains in the area).     My $9 combo was a mess covered in a tasteless green sauce. The enchilada tasted like stale tortillas were used and the green corn tamale was all fluff and no green chile or corn present. The chile Relleno might have been the best item, but they used a green chile, not the traditional poblano.     Pancho needs a break, a new menu and can someone mention to them how to cook fajitas properly because that crap should be taken off the menu forever. Clueless restaurant and even more clueless people who think this is real Mexican food. It aint.
4	The food here was shockingly awesome given its appearance!  We went here randomly because another restaurant was closed.  It does not look like much.  Sketchy parking lot - complete with a pile of vomit by the ramp!  The inside is cramped.  We ate in a room that looked like it had been something else originally, with way too many tables crammed in.I ordered a pina colada, and stupidly chose the large size.  Large is a ridiculous understatement!  This thing was the size of a fish bowl or something.  Not one of those stupid beta fish bowls either.  The large drinks mean business!!  It was pretty good too.Everything we ate was really, really good.  I had the burrito and my friend had a taco salad.  Everything was great, including the salsa, but the taco shell was AMAZING.  So perfectly cooked and tasty.  It's weird to get this excited over a taco shell, but it's totally warranted.  So good!!  I would definitely go out of my way to get something with this amazing shell in the future.
5	Poncho's is this native's favorite Mexican place, by far!! You just don't get any better than this. Simple, fast, cheap food served by super nice people. The place is no-frills but clean and casual. People are overstating the divey-ness of it, it's not that bad. I find it to be very relaxing and comfortable. Truly though, the food is what keeps me coming back for many years. Get a simple bean burrito with a side of rice and you'll see what I mean. Love, love, love this place. Getting hungry just thinking about it!
3	I went to Poncho's today for lunch with the BF and it was ok. The place was very busy, so I thought that was a good sign. We waited for a bit before being seated in one of the small rooms in the back. We were given chips and the salsa in the bowl and promised salsa in a bottle. The chips were very greasy and not that crunchy and the salsa tasted like very peppery ketchup...ick. After 5 minutes or so we were given the squeeze bottle which contained a very similar, but slightly less tomato -y, salsa...not a win. For lunch, I had the mini pollo fundido and the BF had a taco and tostada. My food was alright, the chicken on the inside of the burro was nothing special, but the sauce was good and the rice was really good. Sort of what I expect from a cheap Americanized Mexican restaurant. The BF's taco was fine....also nothing special, but not bad. The prices were decent and the portion sizes were too large. I think it's super funny that they are clinging to the fact that Bill Clinton ate here 15 years ago or so, they have the newspaper clippings all over....I definitely lol'd. Anyway, I wouldn't avoid this place, but I wouldn't go out of my way to come back.
5	When President Clinton visited town he made a stop at Poncho's Mexican Food.  It struck me as an odd choice at the time, but also made me curious about the food.  Was Clinton just making a political stop or did he actually have some inside intelligence from forward operatives?After eating at Poncho's, it was obvious that Bill knew a thing or two about Mexican food.  They have wonderful combinations and the restaurant has become a habit for our family.  PLEASE don't confuse this wonderful independent restaurant with the Pancho's Buffet restaurant.
4	Place is pretty good, small Beer selection for having a large Bar. I have one special request Poncho, Modelo Especial!
3	We ate here in July 2013. I heard great things about their nachos. They really were good!! However, after being blown away by the nachos, I was a little disappointed with our main entree. I wasn't sure, but the rice and beans weren't as good as other places.... but this might be a location thing. I will definitely go back to just eat nachos!
5	Love this place. Comfy, friendly and great food. The way Mexican restaurants used to be.  No pico de gallo here.  Good rich and smooth salsa with a nice bite. Hot chips, as much as you want. Everything I have tried is way above average. Try it you will like it.
3	Solid Mexican American food. The place is like a old house with very low ceilings. The service is very non memorable.Serving sizes were quite large.
3	Food was good. Was a lot of food too. I got the chimmi with beef and green chilli. Seating is very tight. So if ur really fat not the place to be. The service was bla... Only saw the waitress 3times. (When she took our order, brought out our food and took our check) didn't get refills .
4	Not the best, but definitely not the worst. Good is always consistent and reliable. Waitresses are nice, and usually on top of our needs. Food usually comes real quick. If you are looking for a solid Mexican food place, this is the right choice.
4	Sunday, and the family wants to go on a picnic. Great.You have a couple of choices.Feign some sort of non-specific illness so you can sit home and watch Red Zone Channel, or tag along and act like a good parent for a change.You choose the latter.This was the drill.I called in a takeout order at Poncho's, picked it up, then drove the entire crew up to Dobbin's Lookout atop South Mountain. (About a 10 minute drive from Poncho's on Central Avenue)Yup.A seven-mile vertical drive up South Mountain chocked with enough mountain switchbacks to ensure your entire family will be car sick upon arrival, leaving most, if not all of Poncho's feast available for your lunch tomorrow.Hey, I didn't do this on purpose, things just worked-out in my favor for a change.
5	It's exactly what I'd expect for an old school Mexican food place. Yeah, it's cramped a little. It's old. The food is the best Mexican food for white people in Phoenix. The hot sauce is to die for. Chips and fresh and endless. I love the gringo Fundito. If you're thinking about eating at this place, stop thinking and start getting down there to get a seat. It can get crowded very quickly. End of story.
4	This place is freaking amazing. My boyfriend grew up eating there so he craves it from time to time. I've only eaten inside once and we usually get take out but it's so good. He gets the red chili burro and I get green chili. We also order a cheese crisp folded and side of chips and salsa. Yes all in one order, I seat half the next day. Highly recommend this joint.
1	Food sucks, service sucks, and the atmosphere sucks.  Wish yelp allowed negative stars.
3	The food here is very good. Although I haven't really tried anything besides the Pollo Fundido (Fried chimichanga filled with shredded chicken and topped off with a jalapeno cream sauce.) Amazing!! My husband had tried a lot of other things in the menu, but always goes back to the Pollo Fundido. The service is not the best since they're almost always packed inside. You will probably only see your server an average of three time like mentioned in another review. The space is very limited it used to be a regular home which was converted into a restaurant.  You sit very close to the other table little space to move around. If you can ask to be seated in the first dining room area. The rooms in the back of the restaurant get very hot and uncomfortable.  They also have a bar if you like to eat around loud music.
5	My favorite mexican food restaraunt.  The #4 lunch is the awesome, red or green burro enchilada style, rice and beans.  Good chips n salsa too. The pancho villa burro is good also.  My mom is a picky eater but ate her whole burrito when i took her.
5	Now for the review. I had the Pollo Fundido which was delicious. However it was truly smothered in the jalapeno and cream cheese mixture as in possibly an 8 ounce brick of it! That said, I would get it again but would ask that they go easy on the cream cheese jalapeno sauce on top.I agree with the reviewers who said skip the guacamole. They put jalpenos in it which totally overpowers the more subtle flavor of the avocados. They also add sour cream as well. It seemed to be so whipped that there were no chunks of avocado in it whatsoever.Fantastic waitress and service! So nice and a great job!
3	Wow this place was packed for a Thursday night. With a half an hour wait I was expecting great things. Everything was just average. The chips were greasy and the salsa wasn't anything to write home about. The pricing is very reasonable. The Carne Asada was thick but very chewy, not the best piece of meat. The frozen margarita was very good and I had a bite of someone's tamale and tostada and those were both very good. The ambiance is more of what people go for I think. The interior is very cozy and welcoming like someone's home.
5	First time at Poncho's tonight. The four of us arrived around 5PM on a Sunday and it was packed. Waited 20 minutes but got a nice table in the 'living room' (Isabel used her house as a restaurant.) We ordered drinks and got chips and salsa while we perused the menu. Lots of choices but I went with El Crudo Burro.  My wife ordered the shredded beef tacos. Our daughter got the shredded beef enchiladas and her beau ordered the chimichanga platter. The El Crudo Burro: excellent. It's juicy machaca beef with a thin, light, and tasty green tomatillo sauce. It is wrapped into a flour tortilla, then topped with red enchilada sauce and melted cheese with rice on the side. Perfecto!Everyone was happy with their dishes (my wife said her hard shell tacos had a hard shell-whatever. Will definitely go back. Yum!
3	So... Do NOT go with a big group on a Friday night at 7pm.  It was an hour and a half wait.  But what do you expect on a Friday night with 16 people.  Yea... we weren't exactly on our A-Game... we should have split up into groups of 4 and probably got sat a lot quicker.As it turned out... most of our group left and by the time they had a table for us... we were down to 5.  Of course, we had been at the bar drinking margaritas and beers and eating chips and salsa.... so we weren't terribly starved when we sat down.The margaritas are very tasty... however, was a bit bummed that the Cadillac margarita was not served with the Grand Marnier on the side.  Oh well.The chips and salsa were Right On!  Nice and crispy chips and the salsa had a bit of nice heat and flavor different from most salsas.  It wasn't your typical pico chopped salsa... this was smooth and liquidy... but don't let that influence you til you taste it.  Once we got around to dinner.... i had the albondigas soup... it wasn't very "soupy".  It had lots of rice and like 6 medium sized meatballs... I thought it was filling and tasty.  The soup part wasn't just broth... it had a nice light beefy-tomato-y broth to it.I also helped the hubby eat some of his Muchacho Grande Burrito.  You had better be hungry when you order that.... it's freakin' huge.  There's red and green chili as well as chorizo in it.The one knock I have on this place is the guacamole.... it's not real.  I ordered it as a side and it came out as guacamole cream.  I'm something of a guacamole snob.... i like my guac fresh with chunks of avocados.  A friend ordered the pollo fundido and it too was Huge!  and the Jalapeno cream sauce it came with was off the hook.  We dipped everything in it.  :)This is a very local type joint.... love the local, family atmosphere.  The servers and folks here work hard and do the best they can to accommodate as many people as possible as quickly as possible.  It's not a huge place so expect a wait on the weekends because this is a local favorite.  :)
2	I've been coming here with my family since I was a kid. Unfortunately, it seems as though the taste of the food has gone bad, new cooks perhaps?  Although there are many that still choose to eat here, I will no longer return especially after receiving poor customer service.
3	Poncho's is one of my favorite spots to come to with my family & co-workers. The food is great and very rarely do I have any complaints on it. I would give it a 4 or even a 5 star if it weren't for the hit and miss customer service. The last time I was there for lunch with some co-workers, we had crappy customer service. Our waitress was very short and dismissive. She barely looked at us when talking to us. She slapped the receipt on our table and ran off. Didn't ask us if we needed anything else or if it was all on one bill. When we told her we were paying seperately, she took off again and brought us back our separate receipts. She was annoyed that we didn't tell her we wanted separate checks. Um.... she didn't give us a chance!
3	At Poncho's you will find good Mexican food, but there is always a weird musty smell that I can't get over.  If you do go, I reccomend the frozen margaritas.  They are poured straight out of a machine, but they are delicious.
4	I would give them a 5 but it's been a year since I've been there. Ponchos is Mexican Food to me. I compare all other food to Ponchos. I've been there easily a million times. I blame at least 50lb on my body to them. I say that in a good way. Great chips and sauce. I always get the green chili burro enchilada style. They have an awesome bean burrito too. I can review all day. Love you Ponchos. I'll be back next time I'm in town.
5	This is my favorite place to eat good mexican food. We eat at this place almost once a week. The service is excellent, there's not much of a wait time. Definitely a place to to eat good mexican food.
4	This is good Mexican food.  The family ate here for a birthday.  Everyone like the food.  They speak of returning.  That's pretty near to a miracle in my little universe.  The chips were thin, crispy and delicious, the salsa warm, not scorching but as I said in my check-in, probably not suitable for the average Canadian.  The Sonora Enchilada is an excellent vegetarian meal here.  We're coming back.
5	Absolutely delicious and my favorite place in town. This meal Is always two hours long though, service is extremely slow no matter which server you get. One of my top request is don't starve my thirst and refills are hard to come by. Food makes up for the slow service, be sure to check out the coupons in the newspapers and weekly adds.
5	I have been going to this place probably since I was in the womb. They have good prices and good food. I love the chips and salsa. I wish they still did the cheese crisp on mondays for free after 5pm (maybe they will bring it back hint, hint)...It is in a smaller converted house in south phoenix with a take out area in front and a bar in the back. This place fills up quick on the weekends be prepared. Only thing I do not like is sitting out in the main area when you first walk in everybody is looking at you when they walk by I prefer the back room or the bar.YUMMY...... food try it for yourself.
1	This has to be some of the worst food in all of Phoenix. I've been here twice and I love the bartender who gave us the history of some of the tequilas and even let us sample some. He deserves a 5 star for his patience to work here; his margaritas are huge and very good too. The bar music is funk from the 70's and 80's though, that could be updated. The dining experience, is a big, giant fail. The place is disorganized from room to room and crowded. The last time, I swear our waitress hated us or her job or maybe just her life? My daughter asked a simple question about the heat of the chiles and she snapped at her with , 'sometimes they are hot and sometimes they aren't ; you get what you get. You want it or not?' We took a little longer to mull it over and she huffed and walked off. She returned about 10 minutes later to ask if we were 'ready to order this time?' When our order finally arrived, mine was wrong and I told her so; here comes that huff again and she stormed off again, when she returned she slammed the meal down and never checked on us after that. Needless to say my return factor is not even a 5%. It's Phoenix and there are about 150 other great Mexican places where the service, food, salsa and Margs are outstanding. Poor nice bartender.
2	Arizona is known for it's amazing foodie gems you can't find anywhere else.Poncho's is, sadly, not one of them.Wait! Hear me out. Before you ignore this review, understand that Arizona stands alone when it comes to Mexican food. Having eaten everywhere for Mexican food in both California and New Mexico, I can say that AZ's authenticity and flavor are incomparable. So naturally you would want to make the most of your dining experiences in Arizona and eat at places that have plates that leave a lasting impression on your palette.Although Poncho's may have a quaint history you want to root for, it doesn't mean that their cooking skills are the kind you want to spend a good amount for. Just because someone says they're Mexican or have a Mexican background does NOT mean that they automatically have the correct method of seasoning, prepping, or even frying.My boyfriend and I wanted a Sunday lunch there, and we were going in with an open mind. I was actually excited that I would finally try the "pollo fundido" that everyone talked about. We left a little disappointed.The human traffic in the dining area is distracting. The setup of tables is a little weird, and although the warm paintings of desert landscape are inviting, the constant movement of waitresses, busboys, and families is...well, annoying. Then the food came. It was very, very, VERY inauthentic. The salsa for the chips was literally a tomato paste that resembled something like ketchup with some spices thrown into it. The meal was heavy; it was greasy and felt more like a fast food combo that wouldn't keep me full for too long. Great meals leave you satisfied, but here I couldn't eat much. I looked around and noticed that the crowd that ate at this place really didn't care if the food was bland or nothing close to the beautiful mom and pop shops that would put the food to shame. It was saddening and a little frustrating to know that they were missing out. "Can I be honest with you?" My boyfriend asked. "I could get something just like this at Del Taco."Mr. Clinton, if you come back to Phoenix, I can show you places that would blow your mind.
5	Poncho's is an Arizona institution, and has the best Mexican food in town!  Whenever we are craving authentic Mexican food, Ponchos is our first choice!  In fact, we recently took some visiting relatives from back east and they loved it and can't stop racing about the food!  I would highly recommend Ponchos to anyone looking for a great Mexican food experience.
1	I like the atmosphere because the servers and bus-boys are always fooling around with you and having fun, and their service is ok,but this place still has many problems.  First is the room inside, this place makes lots of money and it would be nice to have a little more room inside.  I have been coming here my whole life and the food is always good, but you get a sense that this place isn't as sanitary as it should be.  In the past i would recomend this place a lot but after hearing a lot of stories from friends and recent experiences i have decided not to come anymore, and recomend you do the same.
2	I'm giving this place two stars only because I enjoyed the chips and salsa. I ordered a combo of a Tostado,enchilada and A tamale. The tostado shell was overcooked, the enchilada was unremarkable and the Tamale had very little meat in it and tasted just like the enchilada . . I honestly had one bite of everything on my plate and then pushed it aside. My son ordered something else and he did not eat his meal either. My daughter in law had a green chili burrito and she loved it. So if you must go to this place try and order that. I wont be going back.
4	The food here is very good. We go here sometimes for work. No one ever complains, and we've been back multiple times.
4	Good food. Reasonable prices. I had the chimichanga platter with beef, rice and beans. The quantity and quality of food was excellent. Our server was quick and attentive. Issues I found were the long wait time and the crowded entry space with people waiting for a table.
5	LOVE the Nachos with sour cream on the side, as well as the chips, salsa and Margaritas.  My old "go-to" menu item was the Pollo Fundido before I changed my eating habits :)  My recommendation is to go at happy hour and sit in the bar area!
3	I've eaten here a few times with the hopes I get something I like the next time I return considering the reviews. I still don't. The food is bland and greasy. Not very authentic IMO. They do give you a big portion for the price so I did like that. Also the service is great. I might go here again to try the famous pollo fundido. And also only because my boyfriend likes this place so I'm sure we will be here again
5	My husband and I love this place! I get something different every time and it's always delicious! On the lighter side, their marinaded grilled chicken with rice and beans was so simple but just as delicious and satisfying as when I ordered a chimichanga. I love their margaritas too! This place can do no wrong.
4	I have been coming to this place since I was a kid.. Overall it is a good place to go when you want amazing addictive salsa!! I always come back for more and can always rely on a good meal when coming here.
4	I've been eating here since I was a little girl and not much has changed. The food is really good for the price. Sometimes they have their bad days, chips are stale, salsa taste like straight tomato sauce, but overall the food is yummy. Some of my favorite dishes include the beef tacos, borracho burro, and the tamale especial. You can't go wrong with those picks. I also have to mention that their michaldas are so good but a bit on the spicy side. Fridays and Saturday nights get busy so don't be surprised to wait 15-20 minutes for a seat. Ponchos is on the top of my list for favorite restaurants!
5	best Taquitos in Phoenix,
1	I Was was so excited to have lunch there. since moving to AZ i have heard so many great things about this restaurant however when I got there totally disappointed the culinary experience hasn't caught up yet in Phoenix,AZ the food was less than mediocre, And the counter tops at the bar were sticky;( this old mom-and-pop joint, is thumbs down for me.......;(
5	For the non-Mexican food lover, you'll find their hamburgers to be adequately sufficient. It's just a Plain Jane type of burger, lettuce and tomatoes. A simple man. Yet, good and filling, it's a burger at a Mexican place. Nachos would be a second choice, but they're really just mini, greasy, delicious  tostadas. I love them! Order the Small - you're not going to be able to finish it, so don't bother ordering the Large. Oooh, almost forgot about a picky kid's choice: a giant cheese crisp! This can also be an appetizer for a large group, just add salsa zigzags all over that biznatch. Slightly Mexican inclinations? Their lovely,  giant chimichanga is what I set my standards to. It's delicious. Margaritas are strong and the staff are friendly. Salsa is super spicy and chips crisp.  Grew up here and when I visit Phoenix, Poncho's is always a must.
5	My husband and I were driving by and we seen a lot of cars out in the parking lot so we decided to stop, hoping this is some good Mexican food.  Not from Phoenix but everyone knows that If there is a lot of cars must be good! Of course that must be true because it was so good!!! I got the shredded beef chimichanga with red chili .....yum! So delish!  According to yelp its a popular stop, glad I came here and of course I'll be back soon!
4	To give you an idea of what I thought, I was going to take a picture of my meal... but I ate it first.I got the Pollo Fundido, which is their signature dish. it was fantastic. It's basically a chicken chimichanga enchilada style. The sauce on that smothers the chimichanga was the most delicious sauce I've ever tasted. I took a bite and couldn't stop eating. It's like they took all that was good in the world and put it in a sauce. The chips were also very good. In all honesty, the first batch was good but the second batch of chips were a little stale. Still, a must stop for lunch or dinner if you're ever near South Phoenix.I'm definitely going back.
