4	This is a solid climbing gym on the west side. Note, it is in Peoria not Gilbert. It's a bit hard to see from the street, as the sign on the building just says "rock climbing". It's not far from where my brother lives, so we came here with my sister to do some climbing before I had to fly back to San Jose.It seems all the local rock gyms don't open until 3pm, this one included. We came a bit after 3 and the place was basically empty except for two or three other guys. Signed a waiver, watched a brief video, and we were ready to go. The guy at the desk was really helpful and gave my brother and sister some reminders on belaying, using a grigri, etc as they hadn't climbed in awhile.The gym seems pretty new and they definitely had lots of routes up. There's mostly TR routes, a smallish lead area, and a steep overhanging "globe". The bouldering area is kinda small, but includes a tunnel with holds on the roof and a stairway going back down. Also, there are bouldering problems on the walls that have TR routes, so they're definitely making good use of the wall space.There seemed to be good selection of easy/moderate/hard routes on TR and there were even a few self belay devices if you came by yourself and didn't want to boulder.There's not really a locker room, but there are separate men's/women's bathrooms and a water fountain. They have a small gear shop selling some basic stuff and you can also buy cold drinks from a fridge near the entrance.
5	On our trip to Phoenix, my daughter wanted to go rock climbing.  After researching, we headed over to Peoria and went Ape.Apart from the facilities, which were great, I really noted how helpful the staff was here.  With their help and advice (and not to mention great instruction on how to belay) my wife and I were able to encourage our daughter to make it all the way to the top of the climbing face.  It was a great, fun experience for all of us.Yes, we will be returning here on our next trip to Phoenix.  It's a great place for beginners to learn how to climb.
5	My first rock climbing experience was at Ape Index.  The staff was really helpful and made sure I was comfortable before I was sent off to start climbing.  The gym had lots of different routes.  I was able to go up a bunch of different routes and challenge myself.  After going to another rock climbing gym, I really appreciated how many different routes they had for beginners (that were not so simple that I felt like it wasn't worth my time) and for the advanced.
5	We had a blast rock climbing here. My 11 year old son had so much fun that he asked to return for a few more climbs after dinner.  We had an all-day pass, so why not? We'll be back the next time we visit family in the area.
3	I would like to give Ape Index a higher rating. I really would. The place has some great staff; they were very friendly. They've got nice walls with good features. I especially love the big globe! And the bouldering walls they have going up look very promising.The problem here, and what is really needed to make a climbing gym, is the routes. Don't get me wrong, there are some very good routes. I really enjoyed a couple of them. Unfortunately, all of the routes are very old and I got the sense that they were going to remain there for some time to come. Then there were the routes that weren't so good. Not only were they just as old as the good routes; they had some of the most contrived movement I have ever seen on a rock wall. There were movements which were absolutely outside the grade of the route due to a lack of properly placed holds. It seemed to me that these were simply the result of inexperienced route setters. All in all they were just not pleasant to climb.I really hope that Ape Index proves this review wrong, gets new routes set by experienced setters, that their bouldering wall turns out as good as it looks. Until that happens though, I can't really see myself making the trek up there when Ape just doesn't quite stand up to the other gyms in the valley. (Yet?)
4	Just started going here with my wife again after a bit of a hiatus. The staff is super friendly here specifically Guard thanks for all your tips! Fun routes, nice hight, and great bouldering! My only problem with the place is the hours of operation. I clearly understand why they are only open from 3 pm to 10 pm on weekdays but as a night shift worker it makes it hard to go as regularly as I would like. But all around just a great place to have fun and blow off some stress!
4	An absolute blast! Staff was super helpful and gave some great tips. Luckily, Ape is located right near my house, but I would definitely make a drive to come here if I had to! I loved how they have a good variety of routes and a lot of them gave me a good challenge.
5	AMAZING! The staff was super helpful on my first trip out and I wound up climbing for 4 hours that night. I may not invest in a full-blown membership yet (climbing for one day had me sore for a week!) but I'll definitely swing by on Ladies' night (Wednesday) for half-priced climbing.
5	This is the only Rock Climbing gym I've been to so my review might be a bit biased.  The gym itself is very nice.  A bunch of walls with all kinds of paths to take.  I usually grab on to whatever rock I can reach.  The next time I go I will try sticking to paths.  They recently created a bouldering wall on the second level but that is only available to members.  They do have a small bouldering section in the back corner that is available to everyone.  A lot of the walls/ climbs require two people.  One person that is climbing and the other is belaying.  If you go in by yourself, you're kind of limited to the auto-belay climbs (I believe there are 4) and the bouldering section.  The overall price for rental and day pass is around $17-20.  If you do plan on going there more than twice in a month, I highly suggest you sign up for their membership which is $35 and you can go as many times you want through out the month.  Plus you get access to the upstairs bouldering room.
4	I am a big fan. I have been to all the big gyms in the Phoenix area and this location has the biggest emphasis on safety. The same price as the other gyms but they have ladies night Wednesdays! It is about half off for females which makes it much more affordable without a monthly membership. They have a lot of great deals. There is lead, self belay climbing, and a good selection of bouldering. I really enjoyed it! Previously I noticed a lot of mobile problems and there was one incomplete route I saw but overall I really enjoyed it. Can't wait to get back!
4	I'm a rocking climbing newbie, so I don't have anywhere else to compare Ape Index to, but I'm still going to give you my first impression.First time I went, it was on a Wednesday night.  (open to 10pm, which is great for people who work later shifts; still plenty of time to have some fun)  Turns out it was ladies night and the admission and gear came to less than $12.  The staff gave a really informative rundown of the process and stayed with me at what I call the "baby wall" until I felt comfortable with climbing.  The actual climbing, was surprisingly straightforward and fun.  Even though my upper body strength is pathetic, there were plenty of "easy" paths set up for me to try out.  So, while my more experienced friends were doing the hard stuff, I didn't feel left out because there was still plenty for me to do as well.You name it, they have it to climb.  Straight walls, a giant round globe, tricky slopes/ledges you have to get around.  There's also a "tight rope" you can walk across while you're safe in a harness.  You can boulder just about everywhere safely as they have thick matts lying all over the place, but my favorite is the tunnel, where you hang upside down and try to climb up.  I can't do more than hang, but that's the fun part about trying something new, eventually I will improve.Second time I went I paid full price for one day and it came to $18.  By the end of the night I had decided I wanted to come back again in a week and did the math.  It's only $35 for a month membership and that includes gear.  They took the $18 I had already paid and put it towards the membership.  Plus, they gave me a "buddy pass" with the membership, so I'm looking forward to bringing a friend along for free next time.Overall, I'm very happy with Ape Index and can't wait to get more use out of my membership.
5	This place is the best gym in phoenix area. A lot of great nice climbers willing to help you figure out routes or belay you...more fun to climb with a friend unless you boulder! The staff is great! I got a membership first day and plan to keep it up as a regular sport. Bouldering is a little difficult for beginners but you get better faster! ask for some help and you'll be on your way!
5	This place is awesome! For me, it's about human interaction and the staff there are VERY nice and helpful... the guy that helped us seemed very excited to be there and his attitude was contagious. Everyone there is relaxed and knowledgeable. The walls provide a lot of options for beginners like my group. Safety is also important, they train and go over things before you go to the wall.
5	Ape Index has heart and soul.  It is a community of people who are so encouraging and supportive.  The routes change constantly, so that there are always new things to try, in fact I would say about 25% of the gym has changed since January.  There are some signs up that say prices will be raised starting in April so it is my suggestion that you try to check it out before then.  There are ways to get "locked in" to the old price if you like it there.    Climbing in general has really changed my life a lot.  It has giving me a place with positive influences to blow off steam after a really hard day.  Not that I was going to the pub a lot but it has kind of replaced the pub for me.  I do hope over time a few more auto belays are added, otherwise it is perfect.
5	This place is really awesome. No other gym in the valley has such a welcoming atmosphere and both the staff and the regulars are extremely friendly, helpful and supportive! The routes are constantly changing and evolving and I feel like theres always something new, fun, and challenging to test myself on! This is the place to be  to develop personal growth and you'll always have a sincere group of people to help you on your path. It earns my highest recommendation!
4	The customer service at Apex Index was great! They answered all our questions and helped make the check-in process easy. Btw, if you say "I'm a good monkey" and it's your first time there, they will make your entrance 1/2 price! Once we had all our gear, we were directed to the "lessons" area so we could be taught the appropiate way to wear the belts and use the ropes. Once we were done with that, our instructor showed us around the facility and gave us tips on how to use the different ropes and walls. Overall we had a great experience and it made a great memory. Only reason I docked one star was due to their lack of AC. The building is really hot and they have industrial fans to kind of keep the heat down. But the heat definitely served to burn a few extra calories.
5	Great place to climb. I love that there is a place to climb in the west valley. They just repainted and it looks really cool. A lot of fun routes to be found here.
4	No Ac but did have big blower fans. Being on the north side of phoenix there are not to many climbing gyms to choose from with out a long drive. The price has increased over the last year for a membership.The main thing is you need to have a person to climb with. they do have three self pulleys but they have so many other walls to climb that you miss out if you go alone. The staff is awesome and are really help full. Discount for saying I am a good monkey for first time, they have groupons once in a while, and Wednesday is normally ladies night.
4	The receptionist that greeted us was very rude and accused us about being under aged. After that she had an attitude when we told her we didn't fill out the waiver online. Other than that the rest of the staff was very friendly and helped us when we has questions since we have never rock climbed before, which is good because I was really nervous. They have different difficulty level walls for all kinds of climbers. Even though there is no AC I had a lot of fun. I would go again.
5	Absolutely wonderful customer service! I loved the environment. The orientation was informing and well presented. Great price for the experience. My wife and I were very happy with the trails. It's a nice family experience for those that are of age. The place comes with equipment and shoes if your unprepared like me. The temperature is on the warmer side but I came there to escape the gym with my wife. We were planning to sweat.
5	This place is really fun! Just like everyone else stated, the customer service is great. They are always there to help out and are able to answer all your questions. It was really hard for me at first because I was using my arms and I talk to one of the employees and she was able to explain how using your legs will help get you higher. There are so many choices when it comes to the walls. I highly recommend this place!
4	Very cool place. My kids love it. Lots of climbing options. A bit of a note to the owner.... Your place is filthy. There's no reason why you couldn't have clean bathrooms and sweep and throw away garbage that's laying around. It's really bad. Clean glass. Sweep up. Throw away garbage. Dust a little. Get rid of cob webs you have. Show a little pride in your business.
