3	Well organized store however I have been to 2 in town and they are obviously a franchise. They both look the same with the same new merchandise. The staff was nice but not very interested in helping me with a stroller that I was trying to buy. I got so overwhelmed I decided not to buy it. The store has average merchandise..gap gymboree etc but no high end kids brands could be found. Overall it is an average resale store with average merchandise.
4	I love this place! I can find stylish  jeans for my daughter for $6! Shirts are usually around $4. I love how organized the selection is. Also, if you have kids in dance, they have a wonderful selection of used dance wear. My daughter seems to outgrow her clothes every 6 months - the offerings at this store are priced right!  I would give it 5 stars, but the selection isn't 100% great. You look thru stuff and think "that's junk"  sometimes - at Love Child Resale, the review is more like do I want item A or B more? All in all, a great store.
4	This is really a great shop. What you find is hit or miss- as is true with most consignment stores.  BUT I have been able to find a few things every time I enter.  babyGap jeans and plenty of other good labels (Janie and Jack, The Children's Place).   I love this store and now that I am prego again need to check out their maternity section also.
5	I discovered this store about 2 years ago when I was expecting & was amazed by how much nicer & better quality their merchandise is than other resale childrens clothing stores! Like other resale stores, it really is hit-or-miss and you need to set aside a decent amount of time to sift through the racks but I've made off with some amazing deals on nearly brand new items for the kids!! Vans shoes for $6! Baby Gap velour jumpsuit for $10! Guess zip-up hoodie for $5! I make it a point to go at least twice a month to check out what's new and will never have to buy 'new' clothes for the kids again! =)
4	Found Kid to Kid right here on Yelp!  The store has a great selection of everything for Kids, shoes, shirts, shorts, car seats, cribs, highchairs, books, movies and TOYS! Name brands and great quality. They have some maternity items too.  The staff is really friendly, clean store and a small child's play area!  Wow great stuff and they buy the clothes your child has outgrown!
3	I like this place because I can usually find great deals on kids clothes there. Found my daughter a pair of Skechers boots for $6 that didn't look worn at all and an Osh-kosh jacket for my son for $3 with the original tags still on it..what?However I was displeased with my buy-back situation though. I lugged in 5 bins one Saturday only to be told the buyer was gone. No problem, they let me leave them there so the buyer could take a look on Monday. They told me I couldn't negotiate a price if I did that, but mostly I just wanted the bins out of my garage so I didn't care.So I was expecting a call on Monday to get my stuff and didn't hear from them. I was dealing with doctors and a sick child on Tuesday, so i couldn't call them then. By Wednesday I finally gave in to call them where I was greeted by a high school worker who obviously did not want to be working there (I get it, I was in HS once too). I told him I was calling about my bins to see when I could pick them up. He asked whomever in the background and she said "if we haven't called then they're not ready." "Really I said, but you've had them since Saturday." *Insert muffled background talking here*"Can you call back, we're really busy." Click.WTH?I'm of course thinking they lost my stuff or something. They actually called me back in an hour and said that they had gone through it and I could come get it anytime after Thanksgiving (T-day was the next day). Well I had family in town all weekend and had to work on Monday. So on Tuesday they call me to tell me that if I don't get down there soon they would donate my stuff...grrr...if they had called me when they were supposed to and when I had time to come pick it up, this wouldn't be an issue.So I make arrangements to rush down there before they close at 7 and get my stuff. Come to find out they took NOTHING and I still have 5 bins in my garage. I had some boutique-y clothes and gymboree clothes in there and they left it? Sheesh! I got about $30 for whatever they did take and had to lug home the rest.Soo, I probably won't take my kids stuff there for them to purchase again. It was too much of a hassle. which probably means I won't really shop there to much since it's a little out of my way. But I wouldn't say never. we'll see..
2	Strange Business Practices... I took in some of my things to be sold to kid to kid and left surprised.  I had 7 items including many big ticket items.  I purchased these things for well over $400 new and they were in great shape.  They offered me only about 1/4 of the worth.  Now this was not really a problem because I said no to some of the bigger items and took them home with me to either give to friends,sell on craigslist, or sell at a garage sale.  However, I did sell some of the smaller items.  I received a small credit ($35) in store which I was thinking would be good to pick up some clothing at later time.  Before I left I asked for a receipt for the items that I was selling and I was refused a receipt stating that they put the credit towards my phone number and they are NOT allowed to give receipts.  This is highly unusual in this day and age and it left me bewildered by their business practices.   Because of the low amount of money that you will get for your items and the strange practice of NOT giving any documentation of the sale to the customer I would not recommend selling items to this company.  It is good to note that the representatives treated me nicely.  The amounts you will get for items are as follows: Toys: 30% of what they sell it for.Equipment: 40% of what they sell it for. For example if you bring in a high chair that you paid $125 for new, they can only sell it used so it estimate 60% of original value; therefore, they will sell it for $75.  Now take 40% of the $75, which is $30 and that is the high end of what you may get for your $125 high chair at Kid to Kid.  With the number it is easy to see that it is not worth the gas and time it takes to go to kid to kid.  Have a garage sale be happy.
2	Completely unimpressed with this place, and I tried it twice.The first time I went in there I was barely pregnant and I thought it would be a great starting point for seeing what prices were like. No one ever acknowledged my existence the whole time I was there and their prices were so high I almost left the place in tears because I was scared I would not be able to afford anything. I chalked it up to hormones and decided I would give it another try again at a later time.I tried again recently, as I now have stuff to sell and a few things to buy in the clothing department. I walked in and was told everyone came in at once to sell and that I would either need to wait 20 minutes or leave the items. I said I would leave the items and that seemed to cause a problem because then the manager(?) asked someone else to look through my items immediately (again, I was told 20 minutes or leave) but with a bit of an attitude. I got the impression they did not want me to watch them go through the items, so I wandered and noticed the prices. Especially now that I know what everything costs, the prices are INSANE. The toys, when on sale at a place like Target, are cheaper. The equipment is way overpriced and looks so used. $26 for a bumbo? They are $36 brand new with coupon at Buy Buy Baby.  The clothes, when on sale at their respective stores, are also the same price or cheaper. I stopped shopping because the prices were so bad and I wandered back up front.That is is where I found a teenager going through my clothing. I asked what the process was and she said she wasn't done so I took that as my hint to wander again. I then returned and asked if she was finished, as she was now fixing bows in another department. She told me they could offer me $8. However, I had to ask what they took and why. I then asked what they were offering for each item and got no answer, again just a total. I am still not exactly sure what items they took, but in the end I think I averaged about $1 per piece. Interesting, considering how high their prices are for everything. There is no way they even gave me 30% of their price.Don't misunderstand me, I understand they do not have to take my stuff and I am not offended at all. I was just unimpressed with the process. When you go to other resale places the process is clear:1. Stay with your stuff or drop at your own risk. First come, first served.2. If you stay, they usually explain why they pass on a piece. If they take it, they offer the price. You can say yay or nay, even negotiate.3. The ticket is handed to you to take to the register.4. You get your cash or credit and bounce.Not hard, folks. And, may I add that although I love teenagers (I truly do) how exactly are they qualified to judge brands, quality, etc. of baby/children's items if they have not had their own child and/or extensive training? My guess is they pass on items all the time because the teens have no idea what they are looking at or what something is.In conclusion, I will not give this place a third chance. You are much better off giving your items to charity for a family that needs a bargain, rather than a business overcharging their customers.
4	I ADORE kid's consignment shops.  My sweet pea outgrows clothes constantly and with a new one on the way, it seems we need something weekly.  A decent selection here, not quite as upscale as Love Child, but it is closer to home.  Definitely a place to keep in my rotation.
5	Still one of my favorite places to shop for the boys!  Lots of nice things for my six year old and the baby too!  I even got the baby his bassinet here.  If I need aching baby or kid-wise, I always check here first.
4	Tons of stuff!  Great deals on baby clothes.
1	I have gone to kid to kid since it opened. I originally loved it the staff was friendly and I could find nice things at a good price. Recently something changed. Most of the items I look for are dirty and damaged. Once I went in to get a toddler bed it had a price tag of $44. I liked it and asked to buy it the girl at the register ripped the tag off while I shopped around when I came to the front the tag in her hand said $65. The original one truly said $44.  They said it was a mistake and the price is now $65. I can buy a toddler bed brand new for $65. Recently I went in and bought a couple they have no customer service skills. They are rude and not friendly. I don't know what happened  they used to be nice friendly organized. I don't think I'll go back. .
4	I really like Kid to Kid. They have a huge selection, especially in clothes and toys. They have a very helpful and personable staff of people who seem to enjoy being there, and while cluttered, it's pretty easy to find what you want. If you have kids, go here! It will save you a ton of money and you will find high quality stuff.
3	I really like this place because it has tons of books and toys. I think they have many different furniture for babies such as high chairs, pack and plays, and bassinets.  They also have quite a few strollers.  Everyone there is pretty nice but they are really selective about what they buy back. And when they do buy back you get a fourth of the value. Just an heads up. It still better than baby r us.
5	I was highly impressed.  The store was well planned out and had a very nice selection of clothes.  We were specifically looking for girls size 8 shorts.  My daughter found 10 pairs she liked to try on.  We bought 5 of them, I believe.  My older daughter found a skirt with shorts underneath (had a matching neck tie).  I bought my son a reusable chore chart.  With the discounts I was offered the bill was around $15!  I liked this place better then Love Child.
5	LOVE this store!  This is the only place I buy my child's clothes.  The staff is very friendly, and the quality of clothes is superb!  I get SO many complements on the clothes I buy from here.  I tell EVERYBODY with a child about this place.  The prices are PHENOMENAL!  You get so many clothes for a small price!  And to top it off, they do price mark downs on their clothes and offer a punch card.
4	This past weekend I stopped in to sell some of my little girls clothes. I was impressed with how easy the process was! I took the cash because at the time there wasn't anything I wanted to get for store credit. The only negative thing I would have to say is that some of the items out for display did not look gently used or clean. According to their website they sound strict on how they only take cleaned items and in good shape, which set my standards high of the place.
4	Here you can buy everything .... Committee of Ralph Lauren, Levi's and Tommy Hilfiger for children is huge and it's insanely cheap compared to Denmark. Remember to show your passport at the information and get a discount certificate for 10% of total. We bought, however, a pin for $ 1 to support the American Cancer Society and got so 20% discount on everything ... SUPER . There is also much to buy for adults especially Levi's and Tommy Hilfiger had great range, underwear from Calvin Klein is also available with great advantage. Macy's is definitely worth your time.
4	It is a very nice Phoenix, but most of it is clothing and normal Phoenix stuff. I was expecting more unique stores. The American Girl store, Lego store, Dr. Seuss gallery and Mind Marble stores were great, but all the others seemed pretty standard.
