4	If I rated this course based on my frustration the last time I played it would be a 3, but it's not the courses fault I had my worst round ever.Ocotillo is a very nice course, especially for the location. Nicer than Bear Creek and Lone Tree, but also more expensive. Expect to pay between $40 to $50 in the summer unless you play in the afternoon when it's 110, it does include range balls to warm up though.The course is maintained very well for Chandler. There is a lot of water on the course which is unique in this area. This course provides challenges that a lot of courses in the area do not i.e. there are a few holes where you have to make the decision of whether to lay up or hit 200 to 250 to carry water. GPS would be a nice, although they do provide details of the course on a card so you know the yardage to carry hazards and water.Challenging course without driving to Scottsdale.
2	Played today, course in decent shape for the money.  Would be nice if they would educate groundskeepers on not running mower up to you when trying to play.  Also would be nice if beverage service would continue after 4 oclock.  Course was packed play was slow and no beverage service.  Called in but pro shop phones shut off at 4 30 .  No ranger on course either to keep groups moving ended up not finishing eighteen,teed off at 12 30.
2	Golf course is my favorite in the east valley. They have a great deal call "9 and Dine" 9 holes of golf and dinner at the restaurant.  Wednesday is prime rib night- I highly recommend!  I play here 2-3 times a month and would have given it a 5 stars but the starter today was the most unprofessional person I met!  Our tee time was at 3:26 and he was not around so we headed to the White course at 3:35.  When we were about to putt the starter drives up and yells at us saying we got in front of a single coming off the Blue course.  Ridiculous that after waiting for 10 mins without no starter, a starter then drives all the way to the green to yell at us for not checking in.  People like this really ruins your golf experience and makes a troon golf course look bad!
5	Don't get the other reviews, this has been my home course for 18 years, one of the best in the valley. Most people that complain about this course are the 36+ handicappers that try and play from the back tees and don't understand why they lost 20 balls in the water.  Play the appropriate tees, and you will have a great time. The food is excellent, the wife and I have been to Bernard's many times and never had a bad meal. I have played this course over 300 times, and I never get tired of it. If you are a high handicap golfer, play the white tees and you will have a great time, if you are a scratch golfer, play the tips and have a great time. 27 awesome holes, and a great bar/restaurant to boot.
5	i would go back and play.... says it all. Its a 27 holes course, but its popular and busy so no twilight here as you will not finish unless you are really lucky. just reseeded gold nine so green is slow. blue is closed for now and white is browning but has faster greens. the water is not in play unless you spray your shot most of the time. but the architecture is amazing.. .the houses must have worth something. you can own a boat in Az desert.. .hahah. anyway the boat you own in ocotillo pretty much go around the course - brilliant architect. many pretty holes. white 4 is really nice. Many holes have careful placement of streams cutting across fairways let you strategist your tee off. love it. now is transitioning season so i paid a decent price to tee off ocotillo :~)
5	Played this course on 12/31/13. The course was in great shape, very scenic but extremely challenging. Water on almost every hole. Tight fairways and SUPER fast greens. If you can keep it pretty straight, you can score well. The day I played the pin placement was downright evil on some holes though. The staff was very attentive and friendly. Great facilities. Nice bar/restaurant with patio overlooking course. Unlimited free balls on grass practice range.  There seems to be quite good internet deals.I would happily recommend and would love to play it again.
4	Played 5/14/14. Amazing course, a true Troon experience. They have 27 challenging holes.The only reason why I gave 4 stars and not 5 is because the greens were very hard/grainy. Obviously this is probably because the heat is coming in Arizona.I recommend this course for sure because it's unlike most courses here in Arizona. I've played here probably 30 times. There is a lot of water and it makes it very fun. Course is also still very plush in terms if fairways etc. I hope this review helps!
4	Played the Blue & White courses this morning with a group of 30 golfers. We all thought the courses were very nice, fair but not too difficult. Fairways were in very good shape, greens a little bumpy but not too bad. Staff was very friendly and helpful. Most of our group said that they would love to play there again. Thank you to Clay in the pro shop for the excellent service.
1	What an amazing place to play golf right? I think not. Going there to support my high school play golf when I can't even rent a golf cart to travel all the way to the back hole. Apparently, spectators have to walk all the way to the course. I was a yearbook photographer just trying to do my job. When arriving in the golf store to ask for information, the person completely neglected to help me (when I was there first) and decides to go help some other man. Not like I minded that but taking 10 minutes to make a simple rain check (that he eventually just hand-wrote). After that ordeal, I couldn't even rent a golf cart there. I had to go to another location where I was told I could get one.Finally getting to the area of golf carts, the person attending it wasn't even there. My friend and I wandered the location like lost puppies for about 10 minutes before someone decided to help. Once he showed up, he took another while to talk to his supervisor to see if I could even rent a golf cart (when there was an entire garage FULL of carts). He came back saying I couldn't and immediately left me and my friend after offering us a ride.While walking to the hole where my school was playing, it started pouring. My friend and I walked in heavily pouring rain from the back nine without any help on the way back. The level of disregard as well as the complete lack of friendliness and service makes this place the WORST place I have ever been to by far.NEVER coming back here again.If you want to get your school to play here, tell your photographer to not even show up.
