3	For what this is - fastish type sandwiches and pizza, it is great! Their bread rocks - sandwiches and flatbread are good and fast.
3	I visited this Cosi location on a Thursday around 11:30. There was a very long line when I arrived--the rush died down after 1pm. The counter staff was very friendly and appologized when she gave me the wrong change back. I ordered a smoothie and lounged around for several hours. The smoothie was just fine--nothing fancy, just made from a smoothie base. The atmosphere was very comfortable and I was able to find a outlet to plug my laptop into. Free wireless. Definitely an OK experience, but nothing out of the ordinary as far as counter lunch service goes.
1	I don't like their sandwiches at all. The bread is really hard and cuts your mouth, like its old! The portions are small and the prices are quite high for what you get..
4	Much better than their other franchises in Madison. Service is good and quick. Food quality is good and the bathrooms were clean.
4	They have a really good salad.  It is in a strip mall which I guess is common practice in Madison but I really don't care.  I just want good food and their salad is good.  The dressing is nice and light.  What a refreshing change in Madison not to have a salad with some heavy ranch, french or thousand island dressing.
4	Great Fresh food and excellent service. This business values it's customers and it shows. I've been getting lunch from Cosi at least twice a month for 3 years. The food selection is pretty good, with quite a few vegetarian options. Their menu is easily accessed online along with the nutritional and allergen info. They keep the website up to date with seasonal offerings as well. They also offer a 'Duo' option where you can choose 2 items of either a small salad, half sandwich, or small soup. It's perfect to change it up for lunch depending on the season. I've not once had a poor quality meal here. The food is fresh, substantial, and quite tasty. The menus list all ingredients in an item and you can customize. They also provide a 'lightened up' version of many salads and sandwiches that allow you to cut the calories a bit. I've also had darn great service here, too. Only once did I have to wait an inordinate amount of time for my To Go order. When I asked how much longer it would take, a manager jumped on it right away (despite being super busy) and not only got me my order but gave me a certificate for a free meal. They also offer a 'rewards' deal. 10 purchased meals will get you a free Entree with no restrictions on your selection. The counter staff is very friendly, and there's one older gentlemen who works there who is fantastically outgoing and funny! The restaurant itself is cozy and clean. I rarely see dirty tables, the decor is warm with a mixture of booths and chairs and tables that can be easily pulled together for larger parties. And free Wi-Fi is also a huge bonus!
4	The place is really welcoming...always clean and presentable...the cashiers greet you the moment you open the door...the sandwiches and salads they have are super fresh and made to orderI've had them cater a few of my business meetings and I was very satisfied with the presentation as well as the quality of what they gave meThey're a bit pricier than some of their competitors but they seem to make sure that you're satisfied...so it makes sense since you get what you pay for, right?
3	I went here for lunch last Friday while in Middleton.  The place really reminded me of Panera.  The decore was very nice, and it was cool to see the pizza oven.  I also realyl liked the couch-like seating.  I had a half of their Chicken Tinga sandwich and half of their signature salad with multi-grain bread as my side.  The salad was very good, and I really enjoyed the pistachios.  The sandwich was average.  It seemed small, even for a half, and there did not seem to be anything but chicken on it.  The bread is flat bread, and is a bit dry, especially for a side.  I needed something to dip into.  I like the lemonade they have on tap.  I did not pay, so I cannot comment on the price.  All-in-all it was a decent meal, and I felt a bit better about myself after it that over something deep fried.  I look forward to going to another location, and trying they pizza, along with a few other menu items.
1	Small portions, inflated prices, and bland food.
4	I've been here twice now, once for a late lunch, and once for breakfast. My first visit, for a late lunch, I had a turkey club sandwich on their regular bread. I must say, I wasn't overly impressed. The bread was a little hard for my tastes, but the ingredients inside were fresh and flavorful, albeit a little dry. But the dryness may have been due to the type of sandwich it was. Today, my second visit, was for breakfast. I had a Cosi Club Squagel (square bagel). High quality eggs, sausage, (asiago?) cheese, and tomatoes all combined onto one of their delicious square bagels. It was fantastic! I'd definitely go back for another. Some folks may think Cosi is a bit pricey (and it kind of is), but the ingredients are extremely high quality, so I think it's worth it. Plus they participate in some deals, like the Google Daily Deal (buy one entree get a second free), so we were able to get a great price each time.
5	I work nearby this Cosi and it is surely a favorite lunch destination.  Blows anything like Panera away in my opinion.  The service is friendly and fast, and the food is tasty, thoughtful and always fresh.  Their flatbreads, made while you watch, are amazing.  I love the club and turkey lite flatbread sandwiches along with the most amazing tomato basil bisque on the planet!  The new bowls are also fantastic with fresh ingredients and interesting combinations.
4	I love their flatbread sandwiches.  I don't go often but when I do I get the BMT melt.  I'm a vegetarian and their other veg sandwich just doesn't hold up for me.
4	This is a great spot to grab a bite during your lunch hour. It is spacious and comfy. The staff was super friendly and helpful. The appetizers are decent portions . I had the spinach dip & the warm brie with fruit, I couldn't finish both in the first sitting. Both were DELISH. Cosi is a little pricey, but the food is delicious.
4	Oh Cosi.  Things used to be great between us.  It has been two years since I have eaten there.  In that time, the prices have completely skyrocketed.  The same flat bread that was a little over $6 in downtown Chicago has peaked to over $8 with tax.  That is disheartening.  Yes, I know this location can not help that but it felt dirty to pay that.  The menu is right at the entrance so it gets REALLY congested when you do not know whether people are in line or just reading the menu.  The place is loud so it is hard to hear someone calling you down to their register.  The whole front area is really thrown together.  I appreciate their effort but the layout of this restaurant makes you feel tense and shoved in to a small place. Like a little sausage.  I do LOVE that the quality has not changed.  I ordered the chicken TBM (tomato basil mozzarella) and let me tell you, it was delicious.  Get it hot, otherwise your cheese does not melt.  I usually order the whole wheat bread and it is absolutely noteworthy.  It is hearthy without being too hard and since I am eating fresh mozz, well I like to pretend the whole wheat evens it out.  They are generous with the mozzarella slices and the basil spread you get, wow.  YUM!  Beware, if you do not like basil.  Stay away.  Cosi has very rich flavors.  If you see something on the menu and think, oh it is just something small, I will pick it off.  Nope.  It is a taste explosion in your mouth.  Just avoid that flatbread.
3	I stopped in one evening hoping to find some soup and I was thrilled that they offered a homemade chicken noodle.  I got a soup and regular bread to go.   The soup was very good and the bread was a unique flat bread.  This is a sandwich shop where you can get salads or soups and a few other items.  It is quite large inside and very clean.  It's a step above fast food for sure.  I will definatley return when i can try the appetizers.
1	Food allergies beware... No salads are made fresh. Could not removed specified items from salad everything pre mixed. For the cost one would believe that could make this request happen.  Just disappointed.  Left hungry.
3	I always loved the Cosi in downtown Washington DC and found myself drawn to them more often than not when having lunch outside the brown bag.This Cosi is very conveniently located in the shopping center near World Market where we were cruising the other day.We ordered the tomato basil bisque and another sandwich which I think was chicken.I had the salmon salad which was good with the vegetables seeming pretty fresh.I was disappointed that the bread was not fresh and was tough.When the lunch crowd is anticipated or at any other time of day the bread should be something you can actually eat and enjoy.There was no big line at the time we went but seeing the menu while you are in the line is not really an easy thing here.Moving the menu back is maybe an idea that would help.I have seen better days at Cosi cafes and hope that in the future things will be super again.
2	I loved Cosi lunch back in the day when I worked in the Loop in Chicago. Since I was on the west side of Madison and lost in a sea of chain restaurant options, I thought Cosi would be the lesser of the evils. Plus, they have patio seating.I ordered the hibiscus mint iced tea (good), an Adobo chicken salad and a side of tomato basil soup.Soup was barely warm, trending cold. I ordered the salad without the tortilla strips and with very light dressing. I can see my receipt captures the correct order. However, the lettuce was drowning in a very tangy dressing and they forgot to include the chicken. I really needed a little protein and appreciated that the chicken they serve has no antibiotics added. Too bad I didn't get any!I guess the good news is I really stuck to my diet by only eating a 5 oz soup and bit of romaine lettuce for lunch. I did have a couple bites of the flatbread with my soup. I try to stay away from bread since it's so calorie-dense, but it was definitely the star of the meal.
4	The food was great.  This was my first time at Cosi, before this evening I had only heard of the name but didn't know much about what they served.  We got a salad and two flat bread pizzas.  The pizzas were great, we got a margherita and chicken & Spinach.  The cheese on both was better than what I had been expecting.  The crust on one was a little on the crispy side (overcooked, but not burnt).  The salad ordered was a seasonal one, which was also very good.  We were eating with three people and they offered to put the big salad in three individual bowls for us.  The salad was served with certain ingredients on the side like we asked, great that they can be customized.My only complaint, we sat outside and the music, from speakers, was very loud.   The outside seating has a view of the parking lot and the dumpster enclosure.  Overall, the great weather made up for the not so great view.
3	Tried ordering lunch for a small group of people the morning of. The online system automatically assumed I needed it for the next day since I chose "catering,"which wasn't obvious, so I didn't notice. So, my stuff wasn't ready when I went to pick it up for the group. The website should be a little more obvious and not assume I am ordering for the next day. Luckily, the staff was nice enough to make it all quickly for me once I arrived to pick it up.Also...I can't lie. I LOVE their food.
3	I really enjoy the sandwich I always get here.  Problem is the restaurant is dirty.  I had a hard time dining in and not noticing the crumbs everywhere, unkempt floors and surfaces needing to be wiped down.  Ruined my appetite a bit..but still enjoyed my food!
