5	I just moved into the Matthews-Indian Trail area and I was soooo happy to know that their was a local place that serves Pho and Banh Xeo (Vietnames Pancakes)! I met the owner and he was so friendly, told me it was family owned and operated so I know that the food is going to be AWESOME and it sure was!!! This will be my place for Pho that's for sure! If you've never  tried the cuisine, you should, it's very very addicting! And healthy! :)
5	Last night was my second dine here and my second Bahn Mi here (2nd Bahn Mi anywhere).  If you are a sandwich fan and a fan of Vietnamese BBQ Pork and fixings: Cucumber, Daikon, shredded Carrot and Cilantro -  No Mayo PLEASE (I remember to tell them to skip the Mayo)!Also I had a side of Grilled Cured Sliced Pork and an order of Fresh Rolls with Shrimp and Pork with Fish sauce!  Service and Food Fantastic!Note: Most of there food is Chinese and understandably as they are still a new business and more locals will recognize favorites and hopefully the Vietnamese selections can increase over time - The Owners are here and are very friendly and outgoing!
4	Sometimes I just don't feel like driving up to Le's to get a Banh Mi - maybe it is because I really don't want to get the car aligned for a sandwich, no matter how good that sandwich might be. Plus, some places are just closer. So we'll pop on over to Saigon Kitchen.Even better is you can get a nice bowl of pho to go along with your sandwich, or if you are feeling like something else entirely, you can go off in that direction instead. Plenty of options on the menu, and the staff has always been very welcoming and will help you choose a dish that fits your mood.Not much to look at from the outside, but well worth a stop!
4	Really, it's the Banh Mi sandwiches that do it for me.  Tasty cured or roasted pork with fresh ingredients on a perfectly crisp crusted, soft and chewy roll.  Simple but so delicious.  Get there early because they have limited quantities of the bread.  Get two!
3	Okay, I drove out to this place because of the yelp reviews.  I order several items just so I could get a taste for a few things.  The Banh Mi as everyone before me has reviewed was really good. Very fresh tasting and the pork had a wonderful flavor.  I will be back for that.  However, I ordered the lemongrass beef with rice noodle and was sad to see that beef lacked any real flavor and the noodles were so overcooked that they were mushy. (yuck!)  I saw they had a shrimp fried rice (isnt that chinese?) so I ordered that for my boyfriend at home.  It came with a light pink shrimp sauce that was pretty good. (like the one you get at hibachi spots) lots of big shrimp but it really needed that sauce. The spring roll was pretty good also.  I will go back but not for their noodle bowls, havent tried the pho yet but update when I do.
3	So let me tell you about my journey with this place, I live about 20-30mins away and I made a special trip up to this place on a Sunday, to find out that they were closed. Pic I submitted. I was not a happy camper about that. Anyway, my husband was coming home one day the next week and I asked him to stop by a pick me up a banh mi. I could not wait to get my sandwich, so I was very disappointed once it did. The flavor and texture just was not right. I could not take more then 3 bits switch was to bad because the herb salad on top was very fresh. I might have to go there and eat in house
4	Great pho. The noodles can become too soft quickly- so slurp that pho up fast! The egg rolls rock, and the owners are as nice as can be. Please check this place out for the pho and banh mi. This place deserves a look if you haven't been.
5	This place is great! Authentic banh mi, pho, and all other Vietnamese specialties!They have a few generic Chinese dishes but if you want a winner stick with the Vietnamese! Bbq pork in or on anything its amazing, on the banh mi, or in rice best i have ever had. Great bread on the sandwich, crusty outside, super soft & fresh inside. Every ingredient used looked and tasted amazing and could not be more fresh! Already planning what i want on my next visit! Can't wait!
5	I'm so happy I have a place for pho close to me! The viet summer rolls were delicious too with fresh  herbs and clean shrimp! My pho had a nice broth, thin rare meat, and a plate of fresh toppings to put in. I thoroughly enjoyed it! The owner or only woman that was there was extremely friendly and loved my toddler which is a plus with me! I only wish it was bigger like more of a restaurant rather a sit in fast food place.But please check it out, it needs to stay in business, Also hubby had beef and broccoli which was very good as well, not your typical greasy Chinese.
5	GOOD FOOD. GOOD PRICE. NICE LADY.Pho is great. Let me tell you, I am a PHOnatic and Saigon Kitchen has some great pho. The broth is very good and cleanses my soul haha. Chicken Fried Rice is also good. Spring rolls were on point, Haven't tried anything else yet, but I will soon. Nice lady, too friendly.
5	First time trying Vietnamese food and it was awesome! The customer service was great, she talked us through most the menu and helped us pick out what we would like. The egg noodles was delicious and the pho soup was too!!! We will definitely be back!!
5	Fantastic, as usual!!! The new Avocado Spring Rolls were delicious. Can't wait to have them again!! The owners are awesome, as well!!
5	I love this place already and it's only my first time here!! Food is authentic and delicious and a good portion. The bubble tea is wonderful on a hot day. The owner is a sweetheart, like a mom away from home. I definitely want to come back for bubble tea every week!!
5	Seigon Kitchen is an excellent place to eat. All the food is wonderful especially the sizzling cake.They make the best fish sauce I have ever tasted. I am always telling the very nice lady that she should bottle it. Great food and the nicest people you could ever meet. Go! Enjoy!
5	Finally went by and tried this place...banh mi was yummy, excellent pho, absolutely loved the bbq pork fried rice (ours was very flavorful, not bland as a previous review stated). Eggrolls were crunchy and small and delicious, spring rolls were also very good. Finally, our chicken lo mein was much tastier than anticipated, we ate more than the kids! All together we were able to feed the family for $32, not bad at all! Most definately going back!
5	Try the rice noodles with cured pork...delicious and light...my husband thinks they are a little slow on service (even for take out) but the food is totally worth it!
5	What a great take out place,  we have tried the Pho Beef soup which is my wife's favorite and Sizzle Cake which in my favorite.   I was a little worry about the Sizzle Cake, but it is wonderful.   Dip it in the fish sauce and you will think you are in heaven.
