4	This is a very nice Starbucks location with a fireplace (gas burning) and plenty of comfortable seating!
4	This Starbuck's character and ambiance couldn't be any more cohesive to how I would build my own Starbucks within Shadyside.It is somewhere between a cozy log cabin and a classy streetside coffee shop tucked in a shop along side a moderately busy street.I often try finding myself trying to find reasons to want a coffee so I can spend some time studying or researching in this enviornment.The staff is also very friendly, which I find consinstant in all Starbucks establishments.
4	Great neighborhood Sbux located right off of Walnut Street in Shadyside.  The baristas here are rather friendly and the ambiance is cozy here.  There is a lot of seating in this location, but it seems to be popular with studious students who love to occupy that seating for an inordinate amount of time.  Nonetheless, great Sbux!
5	I run past here...when I run... and sometimes I stop to refill on water. That being said, I have had the coffee here, it is starbucks coffee, everyone has had it and knows what it is like.However, this is one of the only places on my run that will give me water and ice without trying to charge me 25 cents!?! Really, what is the world coming to? I have the cup, all I want is the water.So, 5 stars for these guys for knowing that water and ice should be free, and for smiling while they are doing it.Great customer service!
4	My favorite Starbucks location in the East End. It is in the perfect spot, right off of Walnut, without being stuck in the middle of all the Walnut Street congestion. Tucked away on Copeland Street, it is a great spot for studying or cozying up on their comfy couches with a good book.You know what you're getting with the coffee, but the baristas are always friendly, and I do love a passion tea lemonade in the summer to cool down.
4	I actually love this Starbucks location nestled off of a side street from the heart of Shadyside life on Walnut Street. I've been here many times in the last few years, but I was even more pleasantly surprised when I walked in today to notice that they've completely remodeled the inside. I love the new dark, homey yet industrial decor of the space. Still great coffee, great baristas who are extremely efficient- this location in particular gets a lot of Shadyside traffic in the mornings- and the shop runs like a well oiled machine. I got the best booth in the house right by the window, and just sat there and chilled for most of the morning to work. I will make sure to stop back in the next time I'm in the neighborhood.
4	This is one of the few Starbucks locations that does not make me want to be extra cautious about not sitting or putting my stuff down on sticky chairs or tables nor make me want to stick my head outside to escape the overpowering scent of coffee beans and gasp for fresh air. Like all Starbucks locations, it provides a fairly comfortable atmosphere. The walls are adorned with shelves of Starbucks and Teavana products for us to glance over and momentarily display an inkling of interest before being ushered down to the cashier and being asked how our day is and what we would like to have. Free Wi-Fi is always a plus (and, really, a given for any coffeeshop). I greatly prefer this location over the ones in Oakland, which are prone to having long lines, dirty tables, and curious clients sleeping on tables or couches.
4	As far as a Starbucks goes it's pretty standard. The location is great and the building is super cute. The staff is always really friendly and familiar. I never have to wait very long in line either, even on busy weed at mornings and Saturday afternoons! I wish that it was a little bit bigger and had more seating options.
