2	So ive been to this place twice and both times it seemed like the place was either jam packed or else there is just not a lot of room in the place and makes it seem like there are a lot of people there.  The thing that made us stop there was the 99 cent Huge yard tropical frozen drinks they have on the tv above the casino.  When we finally make it to the back where they serve the drinks we come to find out that the drinks are actually $20 for the yard size and the 99 cent ones don't even exist.  The Yard drinks were very nice none the less.  Just be warned that if you want to get a frozen drink there its going to be a lot more then 99 cents.
1	Pure ghetto.  They lure you in with the temptation of a raffle ticket for a cash drawing to take place "any minute".  So you come inside with your "winning ticket".  Nothing to do while waiting except select one of the few slot machines in this tiny joint and slide some cash in.  Then here comes the cocktail waitress.  Order is placed, and drink delivered.  Time for the tip.  Well, I always tip and did this time.  However another guy nearby wasn't going to tip, apparently.  So the waitress stands there for like 90 seconds after delivering the drink with her hand stuck out.....just standing there by this guy.   She refused to just walk away.  The guy finally says something like he'll take care of her next time around.  That really pisses her off and she spouts an obscene comment, then abruptly turns, walks away, and starts slamming things.  First time I've ever witnessed anything like that.I guess this must be part of the Fremont Street Experience too !  ha ha
4	This place is cramped and borderline gross, but it's hilarious! All coin machines, so you get to walk around with your little coin bucket. I won $40 on a machine, that was fun trying to keep the coins inside the spill tray - they kept wanting to bounce out lol. Yes the cocktail waitresses are crazy, yes the floors are gross and the drinks are expensive, yes the decorations are insane and backwoodsy, but it's all part of the fun. I think this ended up being one of our favorite spots surprisingly. All part of staying downtown lol.
4	Ghetto Fab... It's a tiny casino, no card tables, crammed full of people, waitresses are outgoing, drinks are filled super fast. I don't play slots, so I wonder why I always end up here??? hummmm, I think the free beads draw me in, and I always end up talking with the craziest people.. I've always had a good time coming here, this is my third time this year! Yes, it's pretty old, but hey it is in the old Vegas, if your expecting glitz and glam go to the strip and pay a lot more to be stuck in boring-ville.
4	Absolute dive casino, totally rickety and trashy! You are greeted at the door by hot pink, yellow and purple dressed New Orleans inspired flare and are given some beads as well! The clientele is dicey and suspect at best! Oh and the best is when I stepped out of the casino for a second to get some fresh air, the girl dressed in the flare said bye to me I walk back in 30 seconds later and again was ID'd after she just saw me leave (She Id'd me the first time in as well) after about 30 or so seconds to a minute of her trying to calculate my age I told her my age and she let me back in.... Classic!
4	Fabulously dive-y! Free Mardi Gras beads were fun, and the reason we went in in the first place. Loved that it was all coins, and they had some really fun video machines. The staff were the friendliest were encountered anywhere in Vegas. Cocktail waitresses were fast, and drinks were strong, not the usual watered down comp drinks you get at most casinos.The place was small, cramped and not very clean... but a blast none the less!
4	Free beads.  Free ticket for entry in to a drawing (done every 30 minutes).  HUGE daiquiri selection for $16/$17 a piece (screw the football, go for the long haul), and for 2 or 3 bucks more get an extra few splashes of booze for the mix.  Coined games that feed out nickles with dirty grime lined buckets to collect the change in.  Small casino but proves to be a nice little trip for the beginnings of a night of debauchery.
4	The slot machines in this casino still spit out coins!!!Imagine my shock when I won $16 on a nickel machine and went to cash out, expecting a slip of paper to print out. Instead, chunks of metal started loudly hitting the metal tray on the bottom of the machine. After a moment of remembering what to do, I looked for a coin bucket and then had to scoop up all of the nickels. I forgot how much work that was! And how dirty your hands got from that. The tips of my fingers were black. My friend was playing on a quarter machine and was in the same shock when it started spitting out quarters at her. I was surprised this place was still there. I remember coming here about 10 years ago. Super low end small casino with only slot machines and some video poker. Grab some mardi gras beads and some raffle tickets before you go in. Every half hour they call a number and if your ticket has that number, you win something. The waitresses are super attentive. A few seconds after coming in and they want to service you with drinks. Everyone automatically orders drinks. Unfortunately, they end up being some of the worst drinks you have ever consumed. Everything tastes very watered down. I ordered a white wine and was brought this strangely sweet and carbonated drink that was more like a spritzer than wine. Besides the bad drinks, this place is pretty fun for awhile. It's a party atmosphere and they play some fun music. The machines aren't super tight and keep you playing for awhile. We were there for over a half hour as we heard two rounds of raffle numbers called. Definitely one of the weirdest casinos in Vegas but I always have to visit it when I'm gambling downtown.
4	It is what it is, a hole in the wall with giant cheap drinks and slots. Beware though, if you get the extra Everclear with the frozen drinks, you will most likely black out.. The drinks here are a great deal if your looking to get faded with a quickness. Also your friends will be telling you of all your adventures in the morning when you wake up to a neck full of puke covered beads. Good Times!!!
4	Awesome dive bar and casino in one. You get party beads walking in the door, the free drinks come faster than any man alive can drink them, the machines are looser than any others downtown, and they have prize raffles every thirty minutes. The slots pay you in nickles so you get that classic clangity-clang sound when you cash out (and really dirty hands).
3	Let's be honest. Gigantic frozen daquari's are the draw, and they're worth it! also, REFILLS are around $8 but a fresh glass is twice as much, so make a few trips to make it more worthwhile =)
4	I like getting my yard drinks here because from the moment you walk in they give you beads. Their yards and footballs are about $2 cheaper than the nearby bars. They have a good selection of choices and an extra shot is $2-3 dollars more but well worth it. Refills are $8. The drinks are strong!! The actual casino is pretty small.
3	This was a great dive bar to stumble into. They hand you beads as you walk in and offer football sized drinks. As a football lover, that was a major sell.The service was quick! The drinks were decent. It was smaller than some of the other casino type diver bars. Not bad, just smaller.If you are in downtown for the Fremont experience, this is a decent bar to "stumble" into.
1	First of all, the place is a hole, and not in a good way. I wouldn't mind so much except I had an issue with the security guard who pinpointed me as "trouble" i suppose since it was Halloween and I was wearing a HAT that looked like a lion- it's a hat for CHILDREN. Perhaps I scared him, but he told me in order to remain in this establishment I'd have to remove my hat. I found this to be interesting since there were PLENTY of people inside of the casino wearing hats and not being asked to take theirs off. Many were in costume. Many were extremely shady looking, but he just passed by them without a second glance. Maybe he really dislikes lions. Either way, he pissed me off. Thanks to the cocktail waitress for the 2 free beers- she was pleasant at least.
4	This could be the smallest and funniest casino in Vegas. It's amazing! Located right on Freemont Street, this casino has it down to a science. 1. As you walk in, you are immediately greeted by a women in a bright purple Mardi-Gras like jumpsuit holding beads. Before you enter, she chooses three beads for you (that just so happen to match your outfit) and puts them around your neck. Then she gives you a raffle ticket letting you know that the raffle happens every thirty minutes for the chance to win prizes. 2. Next you step foot inside. Immediately you are welcomed by a cocktail waitress who offers you a drink. The drinks are complimentary as long as you gamble. *** Like I said, this is a teenie tiny casino with two walls of slot machines and one row in the middle. It's the old school type slot machine with quarters and the plastic tubs to put them in. 3. As you gamble quarter slot machines and sip your free drink, beware because you might win and if you do, the staff will treat you like you won a million bucks (even though you just won $80 in the slot machine). They will also immediately hand you a business card so you remember where you were. And guess what? I did remember which is why I'm writing this review! 4. During your time here you will get great service, free drinks, mardi gras beads and you might even leave with a prize. Now remember, this isn't a casino on the strip and it's pretty old and rundown. But it's cheesy in a great way and worth the experience. You'll leave feeling like a VIP with some great Mardi Gras beads and maybe even a tub full of change. So escape the craziness of the strip and check out Freemont Street. When you're there don't forget to stop into La Bayou Casino.
3	Drinks are expensive but free pour!! One drink & your going to feel it lol. Plus the slot pump out coin still pretty cool.
5	Very cool divey casino/bar with some of the friendliest people in vegas working there.  Been coming here for years and I never get tired of it.  You get mardi gras beads as you walk in and immediately after someone is there to get you a drink.  A couple of minutes later you are gaming, drinking and having a great time, and occasionally you really do win money and I mean real money, no tickets here so don't put a hundred in and then try to cash out, you'll be so loaded down with nickels and quarters you won't be able to walk.The drinks are strong, the slots are decently loose and the manager Barbara and the cashier Mary Ellen are so cool, make you feel so welcome.  The Russian cocktail waitress is really nice too and trust me, she'll be back to check on your drink before you can sip down the one you have.This is one thing I miss about Vegas, the free drinks to keep you there.  Most places don't give them away unless you're at a $1 machine and even then not usually.  So, La Bayou has my business two times a year, every year.  Keep up the good work everyone at La Bayou!
4	This place is our go-to place for a cheap drinking night on Fremont! Get your beads and go straight to the back and order yourself the only drink you will need all night.. Note that I said need.. But the moment the last of it goes down into your warm happy self.. You think yay! Refills are half price..I'm thirsty.. I'll take another.. And suddenly that's the last thing your remember about your night! Seriously ... Drink it slow and make it last..keep your football and get a refill the next night.. Don't ever get the upgraded version with extra shots.. You'll be sorry! love the blonde who works in the back..she has been there for years and remembers me everytime we come to Vegas..
5	ELVIS!!! well the slot machines. i love this place. their machines pay out coins. you can put coins in them as well. i love the sound of cashing out and hearing the coins. they have raffles every half hour.i always have a great time here.
3	Located in Downtown Las Vegas on the Freemont Street Experience, this is a small slot machine only casino with a bar in the back that has quite a variety of frozen drinks in big souvenir glasses. Two very festively dressed women  stand outside handing out beads and entries to the hourly drawing for one thousand bucks, not bad, stop by get some beads and a chance at a grand! Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	I'm giving this place 5 stars because I've got a long story behind it.  To make it short, the yard long frozen drinks with the extra shot for a dollar caused me to get married on the fly. And actually the second one I had a WELL-POURED extra shot of Bacardi 151, almost filled up the entire bowl in the bottom of the yard long!!  The county almost wouldn't give us a marriage license!!  But that was nearly 7 years ago, and eveyrthing has worked out really well.  I do remember the place being very fun and crazy for a "shotgun" dive casino.  We'll go back next time we're in Vegas, not only for the memories, but alos because it was just plain fun here.
3	It's a small dive casino in the downtown area. It is a shot gun style (almost like most dive bars) with Slots only. They have these women outside dressed in Mardi Gras colors handing out beads when you walk in. They also give you a raffle ticket for a drawing. Something like $10,000 or what not. IDK think anyone ever wins those. It's a little dingy on the inside...but go to the back they sell those HUGE drinks with lots of booze in them for pretty cheap. Be warned!! The bathrooms are something out of TJ Mexico and there are no tables to play cards on. meh. It's okay. I'm sure we will stumble into this place for one of those drinks again.
5	We absolutely love this place! This has become our "meetup" spot downtown. It's a fun little dive. They give out beads and have raffles. They sell cool beads in the back and make awesome HUGE drinks in yards and footballs. They also have some old slots that you can't find very often, and the slots are fairly loose. We always win a bit of cash there. A small downside is that the slots are old school without tickets. They drop a ton of nickels if you win. It's minor though and actually kind of fun.It's not fancy, it's just fun! Go!!!
4	Good strong drinks!  That is all and that makes me a fan.  A total dive.  Not that there is anything wrong with that.
4	I love this little dive! A huge upside is the slots are old school. They drop a ton of nickels when you win. It's a huge bonus that makes it fun. The drinks are, as others have stated, excellent and alone worth coming in. There is not much to say about La Bayou that hasn't been said so give it a shot, this is the real thing.There is a 96% chance I will return next time I'm in Vegas.
4	get the extra shot!!!! I love this place play some pennies get lots of drinks the best place to start your downtown adventure!
5	I love this place. The machines are fun and the coin aspect is a nice perk. The cocktail server is AWESOME! They are super quick and attentive! I always tip them well. You should too! You won't regret it!
5	Most fun on Fremont! I've had the best luck with pay out at these machines, the wait staff is usually great and you never have an empty or even near empty drink! The frozen drinks are fantastic and usually whoever is working back there knows their mixes and always creates something you'll enjoy! HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
3	Seedy spot for $1 daiquiris and yard mixed drinks. Prices aren't bad, so it's a good place for tourists. I've never gone when there wasn't a line, but it moves pretty quickly. Make sure to grab your free beads on the way in. Also one of the last places around where you can find slot machines that actually pay out and take coins.
4	What a terrible dump! And why haven't I been here before???I skipped out on the mardi gras beads on my way in - have more than enough at home. I did, however, accept the coupon for the buck off the BIG daiquiri. BIG. As in 48 ounces!I wasn't driving, was with a group of people I have no qualms trusting my life with and face it - sometimes 48 ounces of liquid "I don't give a shit" are just what ya need! And when I decided to pay homage to the "I don't give a shit" days of NOLA is when I started having a blast.That - and the look on a friend's face when he cashed about $300 from the slot he was playing and it paid in nickels! Got used used to the paper ticket - having any coin drop is a throwback...but NICKELS? Wasn't even a nickel slot...so the look on his face was classic.Yay - I will totally be back!
5	FANTASTIC. Does not pretend to be anything more than what it is. The back bar is where its at, huge strong drink for 16 dollars, with a shot of ever clear for an extra 3. Worked like a charm. And they pay in coins! Brilliant
5	We came to town on Valentine's Day to celebrate my youngest son's 21st b-day (yes, it's on V-Day).  Sadly, the drive from L.A. was more hellish than usual and we got to our condo so late that we skipped out on driving to Fremont.  (however, we did find Ellis Island nearby and enjoyed that for what it is! see my review)I really wanted to make sure my sons went down to Fremont where I knew we'd end up in Bayou so we came Sunday after breakfast (Omelette House- divine!) .  I've been here before (of course, back in 2001 I think the daiquiris were about 1/3 the price!).  I really don't enjoy gambling, but I do like to sit at a REAL coin-op slot machine and pull the arm of the one-armed bandit with my own hand.  There is something very satisfying about plunking coins in and hearing your winnings clink into the tray.  A classic Vegas experience that is hard to come-by today. I truly hope they NEVER get rid of those machines!  It's a friendly place and a must-visit stop on Fremont.  We had a blast and were only sorry that we couldn't come at night and get they whole "Experience!"   We will be back!*note to self:  The drinks are stronger than they look.  We got the hurricane, white Russian, and mud slide flavors and enjoyed them all.  I think I liked my son's white Russian best because it tasted like vanilla ice cream.  YUM!
3	Located on Fremont Street in Downtown Vegas.This casino's still got quarters that actually fall out of the machines with buckets and all that! None of that ticket redemption hoopla.  It was pretty cool seeing these kinds of machines still, but kind of a pain in the ass at the same time because I've been spoiled with just redeeming tickets and not having to get all down and dirty to collect my money.Tiny casino. Got just a few rows of slot machines but these slots did seem a bit looser than the ones on the Strip.
3	Probably the last casino that uses coins still. It's nice to hear the clinking and reminiscing about those plastic tubs for coins but I sorta like the connivence of having a paper ticket to carry around. Still it's a nice tiny hall to get your change purse out.They give free samples of the drinks in the back. They put way more alcohol in the sample than what you actually get though. I had the pina colada and it has just enough to make me tipsy. But I'm a lightweight.
3	Owned and operated by the same people who own Mermaids. You can tell as soon as you walk in the door. No tables, nothing fancy, machines pay out in coins. This is what Mermaids USE TO BE. I guess they took their best staff and send them here. Really friendly, and the facilities were a lot cleaner than Mermaids. Next time I'm in town and skip my usual Mermaids trip and just come straight here.
5	It's still as divey as ever here at La Bayou Casino.  It's run down, cramped and there's dusty stuff all over the walls and ceilings.  God knows I love this place!  It's one of the coolest places in downtown Vegas and they always get my business.From the time you walk in the door and get your beads and raffle ticket till the time you leave, it's non-stop free drinks, cool employees and loose slots.You know how most casinos only offer you free drinks when you are playing the $1 slots or better.  Not here!  I walked up, got some Mardi Gras beads and before I could sit down they asked me what I wanted to drink.  I hadn't gotten half way done and she are offering me another drink.  These ladies usually come by about once every 10 minutes so drink fast and get your moneys worth.  By the way, these aren't pussy drinks either - you can taste the alcohol.Their slot machines are usually pretty loose (not this time but usually).  The machines are retro coin payers so don't be looking for slots with tie ins to the latest movies or TV shows and be sure to have a cup or two handy for your big win.Like I said before, I'm still loving Barbara (manager) and Mary Ellen (cashier).  They are part of the experience and if they ever leave, the place just won't be the same.Man I want to go back there right now.
5	If you are in Vegas, YOU MUST COME HERE!!!!This was one of the highlights of my recent trip to Vegas. La Bayou offers REAL nickel slots, frozen daiquiris, FREE drinks (if you are gambling, but it's nickel slots), and a dive-bar atmosphere. Upon arriving you are greeted by two ladies dresses in traditional vegas show girl feathers who hand out beads to customers. The beads really add to the kitsch environment of Fremont Street and La Bayou. You are also handed a lottery ticket to enter to win up to $10,000, which was another source of free entertainment. The machines themselves work very well and it was so much fun playing actual coins and seeing them clink into the coin return tray. The waitresses were very attentive and friendly( Remember to TIP). I never had to worry about asking for another drink and the drinks were STRONG. La Bayou is a great time for the non-serious gambler who wants to enjoy their time in Vegas with cheesy promotions, strong drinks and a taste of whats left of old school Vegas. It's just a good time all around!
3	Venue:  La Bayou Casino Decor: New Orleanian (I think that's a word)Service: FriendlyEnvironment: Compact, closed KnitFood: N/A (although they had food, I can't speak on it) Prices:  Cheap Gaming, Slots!!! Debbie Downers:  Small venue Conclusion: Come here for the powerful beverages as if on Bourbon Street.  I didn't see anything here that stook out like a sore thumb except that the venue itself is smaller than nearby. Overall: C
5	Greeted at the front entrance, handed free beads and a raffle ticket for a chance to win money. Great strong frozen drinks. I recommend mixing mud slid and banana tastes just like a frozen chocolate banana so yummy. Loved playing the old coin slots love the sounds and fun. Waitress around alot asking if you need a drink. Had a great time and recommend you stop and visit this place before they take this gem away from us.
5	really cosy, real 1 armed bandits that shoot coins ! , greeted at the entrance with free necklace. Great free drinks! Experience Las Vegas how it used to be evrywhere. We had a few great evenings here! Love it !
5	La Bayou is living Nevada history, and it shows. The place is the oldest casino in the state having been around in one form or another since the 20's. It may not be the prettiest, or fanciest, and obviously not the newest, but La Bayou will always make you feel like a winner. It's one of my required stops whenever I'm down on Fremont Street. The staff are always welcoming and will give you free beads just for showing up, the slots still have coin payouts, and the daiquiri bar in the back will let you mix and match your own concoction til your liver's desire. If you've got that Fremont Spirit, you. must. go. to. La Bayou!
