5	Wife says this is the only place that does not make her bleed.  So if you have sensitive feet or do not want to bleed, then go to True Touch Nails and Spa
2	Had an appointment scheduled but when we showed up, was told person wasn't there who we scheduled appointment with and then they told us to pick our color and have a seat as we may be waiting awhile. Such a disappointment because I used to love this place!
4	I love this nail spa.  It's my favorite place for a pedicure. It's a little expensive, but the designs always last awhile and your feet and legs feel great afterwards.
4	This is my favorite mani/pedi place in Goodyear. Consistently good srvc and you can't beat their prices. I've had waxing done here a few times too. No complaints.
4	I was in town for a wedding and decided to have a last minute pedicure i called in the morning and was able to get an appointment for two. We were late of course but  it wasn't a big deal they waited for us.  I got the deluxe pedicure for $35.00. She didn't time the 10 min. massage, neither did I, and it seemed short. I loved the pedicure very refreshing.  They gave me slippers without asking and didn't rush through the pedicure.  Tools were disinfected which is extremely important! One of the waxing areas has a curtain but it is see through so not very private. I would prefer more privacy if I were getting waxed but that's me.  I only had a pedicure so I can't comment on the other services. I would come back though if I was in the area again.
4	I had a nail place in Tempe I loved for my gel manicures, and was sad that it was so far away when I moved to Avondale.  I tried another place a friend had recommended, and was severely let down. I have high expectations and desires for cleanliness, as well as quality and price. So when I found True Touch Nails, all my hopes were met. Jolee does an amazing job with both gel manis and pedicures/designs. This is definitely my new nail salon, and I definitely recommend it!
5	Great place. Very friendly staff and they do a great job. Nice massaging chairs. The nail techs do beautiful free-hand designs. I get pedicures here on occasion. This is the only nail salon I go to!
4	Nice place, clean, and disposal liners for the foot spa machines!  All the tools and equipment are sealed.  I came during lunch and it was dead.  At one point I was the only customer.  The staff is nice but not chatty (plus if you just like to relax).  Got the french pedicure.  I like it!  I got the deluxe pedicure packaged (salts, sugars, etc. etc.).
1	I choose this nail salon based off the yelp reviews. I am extremely disappointed with my nails. I had a mani on 10/18 and six days later the polish is chipping. So I stopped by the salon to speak with them and get my nails done again. They informed me that if I got the gel nail polish it would last longer. I have my nails done, with regular polish, twice a month and never have experience this. When you pay for nail service and tip the person well, you expect this service to last at least two weeks. Unfortunately, I will not return and I will not recommend them to other patrons.
4	First visit to True Touch today where Vivian was very nice and gave me a wonderful pedicure and manicure! She was very thorough and my cuticles look amazing! And I'm callus free! Yeah! Thank you, Vivian for caring about what you do and providing great service to your customers!
1	TerribleI went to this place because of the reviews and after what I just experienced I can only draw two conclusions (1) they paid people to post those reviews or (2) the people who gave good reviews have never had their nails done before.  With that said, I've been getting my nails done for over twenty years and have never had an experience like this, so I guess I was due.I only needed a fill and I asked for a flower on the ring fingers and I was told, "we don't know how to do flowers"... what?!  I should have left at that point but I figured, how bad could it be?  The language barrier was an issue more than normal and she burned me several times with her drill.  Onto the polish, I chose a yellow OPI and it was going on thick and lumpy.  I asked her if it looked right and she started to get a little feisty and said, "it's fine" so we continued.  On the second nail she got a big chunk out of the bottle and I asked her if maybe it was an old polish and she said, "no, it's new" I said ok then she told me I wasn't happy so, "pick out another polish, I don't make the polish the owner buys it, I don't know".  Then she went on to tell me that different polishes look different, some look like sand, etc."  What?  Ok, so find another polish I did.  At that point I knew she was mad by the way she was tugging on my fingers and talking to her co-workers, I'm sure about me... don't they always?Anywho, the paint job was sloppy at best, my husband would have done a better job, no offense honey.  The girl came to do a flower that I picked out, which was your typical Hawaiian looking design, not exactly what I wanted, but better than going to another salon for just a design.  This poor girl didn't have a clue.  Needless to say, I have some abstract art on my nails and yellow cuticles.UGH, steer clear if you are someone who wants what they pay for and care about how your nails look.  The end.
4	I'm new to Arizona so these reviews help me find places to go.  I have gone to a few other nail salons and have been very under impressed, I came here hoping to find somewhere to keep coming to and finally found a nice clean place that does good work.  I get gel manicure and pedicured and the color last and my nails look go for 3-4 weeks. . So far everyone has been nice can't complain I will continue to come nice work
1	Lee the manager has awful customer service skills. Went there and even though I didn't like my pedicure or manicure still gave the technician a higher percentage tip than I thought was deserved. Even though the tech said my nails were dried, when going shopping they were immediately messed up. Because I was on a time frame, when going back to the shop I asked if I could possibly be refunded for the nails because I didn't have time to stay, Lee got really upset and told me the mess up was my fault, and that her salon was not responsible. No sympathy or responsibility from her at all. I could go on about her awful mannerisms. Even though I went ahead and messed up my schedule and had my nails redone, even after an hour of letter the polish dry they still messed up when I tried to resume my routine. Never again will I go back. Waste of time and money.
1	This is not a place I will return.  They are not very friendly and when you make a request for a design, they look at you like you're crazy.  My designs came out absolutely horrid and I ended up just going somewhere else for a new polish.
