3	Copper Kettle in Tempe is now Copper Kettle in Chandler.  I had never been to the previous restaurant, but the new location opened up very recently (either this Tuesday or last Tuesday).  They offer a dinner buffet for $11, soda is $1.50.  There are a good selection of meat dishes, vegetable dishes, and some desserts.  Naan is served freshly baked at your table.  Although there is a wide selection of meat and vegetable dishes to choose from, not all of the dishes are labeled, so you are left with trying out "brown colored curry with mystery meat" or "light cream colored mystery blob."  Despite the variety, the dishes themselves were a bit hit and miss.  I wasn't a big fan of the pakora curry (or "light cream colored mystery blob" to some), it was a bit too sour tasting.  The chicken tikka masala was decent, and dessert was pretty good (gulab jamun, rice pudding, fruit custard), not extremely sweet like some desserts at Indian restaurants can be.  The naan was decent, not the best I've had but it came in a large basket and there was plenty of it to go around.  Generally, I like that they offer dinner buffet here, since most Indian restaurants offer lunch buffet only and just entrees for dinner.  I think India Oven in Mesa does a better job at their buffet in terms of quality of the dishes, but this restaurant will do if I'm in the area wanting a cartload of Indian food!
5	our new favorite place!  The waitress was SO helpful picking out foods we wanted to eat, and my 7-yr old even found something he liked.I can't remember the names of the foods they got, but we asked her if the lamb was real, or some sort of steak-lamb or spam-lamb. She said it was real, but it seems and tastes more real in 2 particular dishes (one of which my hubby tried). Apparently the shish-kebob lamb is real but may taste pressed or look unreal or something, which must be common in various restaurants, because this is the first place he's found what seemed to be real lamb meat.The chicken tikka tandoori was wonderful and a huge portion--all 3 of us ate from my plate. The naan at first tasted different, but when it cooled down, it was really really good (and huge).  The samosas were medium-sized; I have not been able to find those very small ones that they sell in other countries; guess I won't find them here in America.Even the soft drinks tasted well-blended (often a problem in restaurants).They took our Entertainment coupon gladly. I didn't see any baby seats, and so we had to prop the car seat on a chair for our sleeping baby.FYI we went during the week and saw no dinner buffet (maybe there was one? not sure) but she said it was PACKED on the weekends, so maybe it's only a buffet on the weekends.
2	We went to their lunch buffet.  They have moved into the space that was previously Indus Village.  Now, Indus Village had AMAZING food.  Copper Kettle's food has always been ok, but nothing to rant and rave about.  They used to be located on Dobson and Guadalupe but moved recently to this new location on Alma School and Warner.  The food quality seems to have gone down.  $11 for the lunch buffet.  Some of the dishes were COLD!!!!  I would not recommend.  Customer service is hit-and-miss depending on who is helping you.
4	= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =So Copper Kettle in Mesa closed, following Copper Kettle in Tempe.  (Same family, different reasons).The good news is that they have sprung back to life over here in the former home of Indus Village.  Like Indus, this restaurant is Pakistani, not Indian.  Much of the food is similar but they serve beef here & don't serve alcohol.  They have a Lunch Buffet, as they did at the other locations, & there's also a regular menu.*Arlin B. joined me today to give it a try.  Formerly "Grumpy Uncle" from the Mesa location runs this new place, but he was totally friendly & nice today.  The food was excellent too, & he has gotten rid of most of those garish chairs that were hard to get in & out of when it was Indus.What you'll get here is different, tasty food, with significant overlap in dishes to an Indian Buffet since, after all, Pakistan used to be part of India.  It's just different enough to make it special, so come help this new Copper Kettle get off to a good start!     :-))* Lunch Buffet ($8.04) is served weekdays from 11 to 3.  They also offer a Dinner Buffet, with fancier food, from 5 to 9:30 PM on Friday, Saturday & Sunday.
1	Very poor service!! When we went, it wasn't even crowned but still service was super slow. There was one guy "Mohsin" running around.. Said okra & eggplant are same things.. Then got two cups of same dish when we had ordered two different dishes. Then didn't get 3rd dish & said "sorry, aunty left" :(... We were left hungry on a friends bday :(.. Apparently the chef sneaked out... Food quality was good but overall terrible experience !
5	I've ordered take out from this place 4 times and I've loved everything I've tried.  Chicken tikka masala is my favorite, but I try to order other things as well.  The vegetarian balti is really good, as well as the channa masala.  This place is great, I'm so glad its around the corner from my place.  Can't wait to get a sitter sometime so my old man and I can try the buffet.
4	I was a big fan of their location in Mesa.  I'm glad they're a lot closer to me now.The food here is good and flavorful.  I have no complaints.  As long as they continue to serve at least one goat dish on the weekends, I'll be happy.
4	Went on a Saturday night using our Entertainment coupon (which listed old address, had to call for new, they gave a nice apology). There was a party going on behind screens, all Pakistanis, women & girls in traditional wear, balloons, lots of children that were literally running though the restaurant, squealing with delight. Very glad we were not expecting a romantic dinner... We approached it as cultural diversity, chose to enjoy the loud, festive atmosphere. OK... A little annoyed when one of the little girls did a few particularly high-pitched repeated squeals, & one kid bumped my chair as they chased each other across the restaurant...It was less than an hour of closing, so we asked if the buffet was not such a good idea (been out a while, no fresh coming). The kid waiter went to ask, and we appreciate that he returned reporting that the menu would be a better choice to insure quality. Ordered lentil soup & sesame naan (new & listed on back pages). Lentil soup was soft yellow color, not darker lentils I'm used to. It was creamy with very small pieces of lentils. The flavor was more mild than I'm used to, but a subtle spicy. It was nice, no complaints. The sesame naan was fresh, crisp bottom, soft top layer, added a bit of salt and WOW delicious!! Lots of sesames on top, yum.Then ordered chicken tikka masala, as I'm working my husband into such foods, and he for sure likes this dish. Nice white breast meat which he prefers, simmered in that divine red creamy sauce. I'd call it mild heat at best. I'd prefer a bit spicier, but perfect for my husband. We brought our beverage with us, after calling to make sure it was okay. Nothing is mentioned on the website one way or the other. They were very accommodating for this, brought us glasses, and offered an opener to use. I am under the impression there's a seating size limit to such places & not sure they don't exceed it, so I'm going to stay vague so they/we don't lose this option! It was GREAT - kept our bill nice and low.If it wasn't for the Entertainment coupon, we wouldn't have known to try them... Now we will be back!4 stars not five because it was really good but not mind-blowing... It would take a big wow to have me give 5. Children thing doesn't affect score, as I know that was a celebration exception, and again chose to see it as a cultural experience. Omar works part-time, very nice, friendly, good customer service. He apologized for the chaotic environment, which was nice. Saw grumpy uncle at counter, no smile, but we didn't have any interaction with him. We were waited on mainly by a nice kid with puffy black hair, seemed a bit timid but did fine with everything. Omar came to us and chatted at the end of the evening.
3	Was not very impressed with my experience here. Saturday night, came in for their weekend dinner buffet. Selection was okay and one could tell that some of the recipes were unique and traditional.. Just didn't get the impression that much care/attention was given to the quality or presentation of the buffet...  Beef kabobs had some flavor but were a bit dry. Chicken tikka and chile chicken were tasty. Good cauliflower dish, beef meatballs were bland, and as many have said - the naan is more like a sauteed fluffy pita bread... No goat or lamb (bummer!)  I got my fill, and may try it again sometime - but will continue looking for my go-to spot in Chandler/Gilbert.
4	Been to this place a few times and I definitely recommend it. The buffet is great and so is the service  I haven't ate here in a while and really need to go back!
5	Highly recommended... Great service.. Reasonable price.. Buffet selection is perfect.. Will definitely coming back..
2	Food was really good... And it stops at that. Service sucks! Especially at night.. There was one guy who I am presuming is the owner. He didn't seat us but just told us to find our own seats. He came and gave us menus and when we asked what he recommends he mumbled something and we had to turn our heads to look at him. Like literally turn our heads all around and he wouldn't look anybody in the eye. When he brought out the food he didn't tell us which dish is which and when we asked if he can name the platters again he mumbled and walked off. What kind of service is that??? We had to walk over to the other tables and get our own forks and napkins. He didn't come once to check up on us to see how the food is, if we need anything etc. The most unfriendly socially awkward owner/waiter I've ever seen. Also, portions are small. If the owner wants to keep his business around, he should be smart enough to take this review in consideration and improve on all of the above.
5	Quite frankly the best Indian food that I've had in the whole of Arizona.It was love at first bite of the chili and onion naan topped with some sweet marmalade-like chutney. The finely minced chili peppers and onions were generously embedded into the naan. My spicy-loving taste buds loved the blazing fire the chili peppers ignited, which then got cooled by the chutney. An intoxicating combination without any alcohol. We ordered the Chicken Ginger Balti and Mix Vegetable Curry .Copper Kettle is not kidding when they say a dish is spicy. I had to order a mango lassi to cool my tongue. Both dishes were absolutely delicious, especially the Ginger Balti. Full of flavor, complex and well-married to each other, we both ate until our stomachs hurt from being overfilled. Other Indians restaurants that I've eaten at, I had thought, "It was good, but something was missing." At Copper Kettle I left completely satisfied and salivating at the thought of going back.
2	This place is OK. Let me first start of by saying I have only been there for lunch a few times and never dinner. The buffet had some good choices and variety but lacked spice in my opinion. The nann that was served is very weird and not like traditional nann at other establishments. It was very much like a pita, heavy and lacking the normal light fuffy'ness of nann that we all know and love. Service is pretty good
5	Quite frankly the best Indian food that I've had in the whole of Arizona.It was love at first bite of the chili and onion naan topped with some sweet marmalade-like chutney. The finely minced chili peppers and onions were generously embedded into the naan. My spicy-loving taste buds loved the blazing fire the chili peppers ignited, which then got cooled by the chutney. An intoxicating combination without any alcohol. We ordered the Chicken Ginger Balti and Mix Vegetable Curry .Copper Kettle is not kidding when they say a dish is spicy. I had to order a mango lassi to cool my tongue. Both dishes were absolutely delicious, especially the Ginger Balti. Full of flavor, complex and well-married to each other, we both ate until our stomachs hurt from being overfilled. Other Indians restaurants that I've eaten at, I had thought, "It was good, but something was missing." At Copper Kettle I left completely satisfied and salivating at the thought of going back.
1	We had similar experience last time but we thought of giving another chance when a friend insisted. Buffet dishes were in Really bad condition, looked old even though it was Friday evening. They promised to give fresh nan, once came out and said 'naan jal Gaye, making again'. Second attempt naan were under cooked. Owners: Please get professional cook and staff if restaurant needs to continue. Staff was really friendly and seemed nice people but that's not enough for a dining place.Take out food is always tasty though.
4	We eat "Goop" for lunch once a week. The lunch buffet is great. I love all the vegetarian dishes and usually stuff myself.We are always greeted immediately when we walk in and our drink orders are brought to the table with fresh naan as soon as we get our plates filled and sit down.The owner is very nice and we love eating here.
4	The best Chicken Tika Masala I have ever eaten!Great friendly service.  Great selection on the buffet and very flavorful. The naan is fresh and delivered hot to your table.
3	Food is amazing! I gave it 3 stars because of the service. The last time i was here, everything was great but this time was not  what we expected. When we came in the young latina girl sat us and then said "we have buffet available" asked for our drink order then left, so we guessed we had no other choice then other than buffet. She was on her phone the entire time, she didn't come refresh our drinks until we asked, still on her phone and only came by our table to give us the check and rush us out. Please train your servers on customer service because i love the food here but really disliked the service this time.
4	I ate at this place years ago when it was at its old location and would not have recommend it.  I loved the restaurant that was previously at this location, before Copper Kettle moved in (Indus Village), but sadly they closed down.  Last year I ate at Copper Kettle and it was horrible.  But I have been here twice in the last month for their dinner buffet, and the food has been amazing each time.  They must have a new cook, because I am now a fan.  Could be a tad bit cheap though.
4	Have catered from Copper Kettle for parties and their dishes are always good. Biryani, Nihari, Afghani Boti are consistently a safe bet if you do not have time to cook up a spread yourself.Once we got a batch of bad biryani and as soon as we called then about it, they got new trays started for us. While sending out bad biryani is never a good idea, they redeemed themselves right away by fixing the problem. I still get food from them.
2	I have been to Copper Kettle multiple times and in the past and when i say past i am talking about couple of years ago when they weren't at there current location. So i was at copper kettle couple of weeks ago with my family for their buffet and long behold the food which was being served i can swear was from the night before. I mean come on people make some fresh food if you want people to come back and eat. I told me family this place was so good when i was doing my rotations that i have to go there again but was extremely disappointed. The only reason this place is getting 2 stars is because it was clean and the Naans were fresh and good :)
4	The chicken tikka masala was awesome! :) This place was empty when we walked in- It felt a little awkward. The food was good but there was only one guy who was doing the waiting. He refilled our drinks, and then brought out our food. Thats it. The food was awesome though.
4	I had the buffet and my husband ordered curry off the menu. We were both very happy with our food. The buffet selection was vast and varied. The potato curry was to die for! Icing on the cake was a huge plate of fluffy, fresh naan brought to the table. The only reason I'm giving four stars instead of five is because their chai tea was less than stellar. Overall a great meal!
3	So I've been looking forward coming to this establishment for months and finally last night my inlaws were in town and wanted them to try Indian for the first time.First of all I didn't realize that it was a buffet - my #1 faux pas for Indian cuisine.   Second the service though she was friendly was not good.   Only two tables occupied in the place and drinks took forever and I had to get up and ask for the check.  And finally the place itself felt off -random Egyptian art on the wall to name one but just didn't feel the warm and fuzzy walking in there.   Not sure if I'm going back.
3	Better than most of other Pakistani restaurants. Sometimes they are weird with their servings burn the hell out of food pr serving is too less.
2	I have had take out twice recently. The first time I placed my Oder, it was never put into the computer and the girl who took my Oder went home. They were friendly, apologetic and quick to prepare our food. It was tasty but not the best I've had. The paneer tikka masala was what  we ordered. The second time we ordered we got the palak paneer, lamb korma and the paneer tikka masala. This time around the food was mainly oil!!! The lamb korma looked like oil with lamb in it. I'm not exaggerating. The palak paneer was fairly tasteless and oily as we'll. the tikka masala was oily but tasty still.  After tonight I will not be returning. I doubt their food is always  this oily but I would rather not risk it happening again. The amount of oil was almost comical it was so much.
2	service sucks. Food is below average. not good with kids.
1	Had buffet - really disappointed. They don't have appetizers and call it a buffet and very far from authentic Indian food
5	I order take put from here and the food is great.  The chicken tikka masala is delicious.  I love the Channa masala, samosa, and garlic naan are awesome.  It has been pretty slow when I pick up my food (which I don't understand since the food is excellent).  I had the okra balti today and it was a hit with my family.  Check the place out.
4	= = = = = =  YES, MOVED AGAIN!  = = = = = =Copper Kettle here lives on in a new location closer to the popular student clientele.  Whip on over to 1250 E Apache Bv., Tempe, very close to where this family had their delicious Buffet going around the corner on Lemon St., years ago.  (Remember sweet (not "surly!") Auntie?     :-)I love the newest Copper Kettle version & gave their daily Lunch Buffet 5 Stars over there!  (See today's Review below.)     :-))
