5	Newest sushi place in the lone mountain area. The atmosphere is wonderful and the service is fantastic. The fish is fresh and never tastes "funny". The "this guy" roll is my favorite but lots of other wonderful choices on the menu including some non fish options. They have Mochic which is my fav desert! Always friendly and always good. Definitely worth trying.
4	20% off happy hour Monday through Thursday hooked me, because it is 9pm to midnight on all food. This place is fairly new and a hidden gem in the Wal-Mart Grocery shopping center (next to Lee's Liquor). I love the Yellowtail Jalapeno Sashimi and my fiance loves all the sake offerings on the menu. Service is great and speedy. A great local spot on this side of town that was needed. Enjoy.
5	Excellent sushi.  May be the best in Vegas and easily the best in the NW.  The staff are super-friendly and the prices are very reasonable.  Fish quality is outstanding.
5	This place rocks!  Great fish and great prices and the people working there make your experience fun.  Ask D for his secret monkey ball roll or ask for the off-menu garlic edamame!
4	As a new lover of Sushi this was my first time! We chose to sit at the bar. The staff is very attentive and polite. I tried the catepillar first and my taste buds were screaming. I don't have a favorite because every roll I try here I love! We even got a delicious honeybread dessert. The decor is just darling as well. Guess you will just have to see for yourself!
5	Sushi Bomb has a very cool decor and is clearly an authentic Japanese restaurant. The sushi was extremely fresh and the rolls were unique (highly recommend the namesake roll - Sushi Bomb!). I have eaten at every sushi restaurant in Vegas and I can safely say this is top 5 in the Valley. I hear they actually have a cool late night scene on the weekends as well.
5	We waited for this to open for SO long!  Were so glad this place is open eso out by us...This place is a really nice refreshing change from your typical sushi bar. Interior is awesome!THey have a great happy hour...20% off everything from 9pm to midnight Monday to Thursday is a great happy hour for food.and ladies night where women drink beer or saki free! ( Nice!)We opted for the Tempura Udon noodles- It was in a HUGE bowl, I mean you can share with 3 people and around 10 bucks. or so.  Not bad!The rolls were awesome-fillling but not oversized...and the chicken katsu superb.The music was a bit loud. It was later in the night and we were the only ones there and it was REALLY loud and they had on a horror movie with blood and guts, maybe they should have changed the channel to their tv,  and tones down the music, ( which really was prob on from the jumpin 20 person party which was leaving when we arrived...)They don't need that loud music or other distraction,.. because its a beautiful restaurant... and food speaks for itself. Free Wifi, Kid Friendly. cant beat it!
5	This place is awesome! The best sushi on this side of town!
4	Based on reviews from fellow yelpers, I wanted to find a different place to eat sushi for evening other than my usual sushi bar.  Since this place is somewhat near our house, we stopped in for an early dinner.The bar area is quite nice, overall decor very comforting and natural.  I loved the fact that the place was basically all ours for the hour we were there.  The menu is great--simple and with some great options done differently.  Their amaebi, for example, includes the deep fried fish heads along with the two pieces of sushi.  I personally love sucking on a few shrimp heads, because that's where all the flavor is.  It was great.We ordered all the yakitori skewers, 4 types, and it came with 2 skewers each.  Thinking they were the small yakitori, we didn't think it would be a lot to order for dinner. Oh my.  These skewers are pretty big, so majority of our dinner were the appetizers.  It was great!  The sauce was yummy and the meats were cooked well.  As for the shrimp ones, I didn't eat the shrimp.  I feel that shrimp should ALWAYS be cleaned because that black line is poop, and I don't eat poop.  That was a no-no for me, and therefore a deduction of 1 star on my review.As for the rest, we tried their sushi, all perfectly portioned and the fish was great.  Their sauces are very good at this restaurant, everything from their cucumber salad, tempura dip, to the sauce they put on their yellowtail.  Oh and their tempura is crispy and light, too.  We loved it.I think this place, despite its location being right next to the 215 on W. Cheyenne, is a really good sushi bar.  We plan to go back this week to try the rest of the menu.  If you want a road trip within city limits, try this place.  I know that they serve the same special rolls as any other sushi bar, but their sauces and talent make for a great night.  Plus their website says that it's 20% off after 9pm to midnight.  Great sushi, excellent service, and I'll definitely be back for more.
4	Great sushi and great service! Highly recommend the specialty rolls. (Warm Springs and D's Special) We eat here at least once a week!
4	Decided to try this place based on other positive reviews here.I tried the Warm Springs Roll, the 007 roll, a spicy tuna roll, and I had the honey toast for dessert.The sushi was very fresh and quite tasty compared to other sushi joints in Las Vegas. The staff were very friendly and service was prompt. I enjoyed the decor as well, including the paper lanterns.
4	Went here for sushi for a change of pace (we usually go to Kan Pai).  It's a little far for me, but the sushi was good.  They had a late night happy hour that was 20% off everything after 9pm, I believe.  If it was closer, I'd probably be a regular.
3	Leaving the house to grab dinner, my friend changed her mind and wanted sushi. It was her birthday weekend so I had to comply. Jumped on Yelp and pleased to find this bar was only 1/4 miles away and had good reviews.Both of my friends really enjoyed the food here. My sushi palate is a bit more sophisticated so I wasn't as pleased. The service was extremely good but we were also the only customers in the restaurant at the time.The chef was extremely friendly and talkative. When I ordered some hamachi sushi, he cut me a fantastic piece from the belly. It was excellent. On the other hand, the spicy tuna was not; it was pre-made and very mushy. The hand roll didn't include any yamagobo or even a few pieces of cucumber.I was also a bit disappointed in their sake selection. I asked for a ginjo sake, but the best they had was unfiltered.
5	This place is great. Best sushi in the Northwest without a doubt, especially if you like it fresh and flavorful. Sonny is a great host. Great friendly, neighborhood atmosphere.
4	Me and my bf are sushi fanatics and LOVE to find new low key places. Came across this place on yelp and knew I had to check it out! So after class on a Thursday, around 10p, we decided to give this place a shot.Located around at Cheyenne and 215. It was quiet when we arrived, only 2 other girls at the bar. There were 2 sushi chefs and a server on duty. Everyone was really nice. They recommended the S&H Roll and we also ordered the Kimono Roll. Both of which are cream cheese rolls so it's kinda heavy, but DELICIOUS!! Comes with a little salad with their dressing in the center. Just hit the spot.Also tried their yellowtail roll and scallop sushi. Scallops were big but not too fresh (I usually only get them when I am in Cali) and the yellowtail was okay, not really a fan.What I am a fan of is their dessert! They have plum flavored ice cream! (Photo added) we had plum tempura ice cream. YUM! There's chunks of plum in the ice cream. Service was awesome, food was great, ambiance was nice, good location for me. Great place. Must check it out.I plan to return regularly when I am not dieting :)
4	My boss loves this place, he is always telling me how great it is, but I had never been because it's too far north. Today my boss decided we should have a lunch meeting at Sushi Bomb, and since I love sushi I was not about to argue with him!When we arrived we were the only people in the entire place. The hostess/waitress was friendly and efficient. Since it was 'his place' I let my boss order some things to get us started. He went with an order of edamame, some eggrolls and this fried jalapeno thing, I can not recall the name but it was like a popper, deep fried and stuffed with cream cheese. The edamame was perfect, a nice large portion with just enough salt. The eggrolls were also good, on the small side but thats ok because I didn't want to get full on appetizers. I never eat jalapenos, but after some arm twisting I gave these a try... Was glad I did because they were not hot at all. For the rest of our meal we decided on the the bj, the I love tuna and vegas rolls. Everything tasted great, the tuna tasted very fresh. The Vegas roll was my favorite, mmm cream cheese. I'd go back to Sushi Bomb for sure if it was closer to me...
4	Really great sushi!  Just wish there was more selections on the baked section of sushi.
5	A few of us has been here before but we never got to try the entire menu because they weren't doing All You Can Eat so it kind of disappointed us.  But NOT ANYMORE! Sushi Bomb's menu is so unique with their specialty rolls that it KILLS the competition. Las Vegas has soo many AYCE sushi joints but hands down, this one is the best!When you walk in, you're greeted by the cashier next to the door and you get a full view of the entire restaurant.  The dining area is decorated with colorful Japanese hanging lamps that make the place pleasing to the eyes. The bar is directly in the back near the exceptional sushi chefs that prepare the rolls and to the right of the bar, there are some Japanese traditional paintings.A place can be aesthetically pleasing all it wants, but the food is what matters most.  To food critics and food lovers in general, good food can come from the grimiest hole in the wall but this place definitely has it all!Lunch is only 19.95 and Dinner is 26.95.  If you decide to go you have to try the Warm Spring, The Hulk, and D's Special!
4	Very good quality sushi! I came here at 11pm on a Friday night.  The uni, hamachi and red snapper were all fresh. They had kanpachi on the menu but they ran out, unfortunately. The appetizer list was a bit short but good quality.  The only thing that I didn't like was that they added too much rice on the nigiri.
5	Just recently went there and got to explore the menu a little. These special rolls were conquered!This Guy- *****- The soft shell crab combo is EXCELLENT!Stuffed Tomatoes- ***- A bit sloppy but the salmon was good. not too much flavor though.Sex on the Beach-****- nice spicy kick to it!S & H Special-*****- Most exotic roll I've tasted
4	This is not your typical grocery store bought California roll. This place is definitely on my sushi list. Of course they have ALLYOUCANEAT at $19.95!! I'd say what a steal! The reason why it's on my list is cus 1: they have my Cajun albacore and 2: they don't put too much rice in the rolls. Which means it's definitely quality taste. Best of all, the service is consistently efficient. My favorite roll here is the warm springs roll. And don't forget to save room for their deep fried tempura ice cream. May I suggest trying it in plum flavor :)
5	Me and 5 others ate here recently after church on a Sunday. We had to wait a little because they didnt open up shop til 12. They opened a little earlier for us. Teehee!It was my first time having AYCE here because they didn't have it before.  I was a little skeptical trying it but for $20 bucks? Why not? My bro told me it was better than Oyshi. I had to experience it for myself.  After a couple unique rolls like Vegas Spring roll, This Guy roll, and Kiss My Ass roll, I was convinced!  Service was better, and best of all, they put less rice!  They have a good plum ice cream and tempura ice cream too!5 Stars for having great quick service, putting less rice in their sushi, having tempura ice cream, and all of it being $20 bucks. (Lunch time)
5	Came here on a Sunday at around 2 pm.  Got the AYCE for 19.95$!  SO WORTH IT!  Everything (except the sashimi) on the menu is fair game!  I got 3 special rolls, edamame, and green tea mochi! MMM!  All the rolls I tried were absolutely delicious, and great portions.  I got the Vegas roll, S & H Special (i think thats what its called) and the Japanese Lasagna.  Oh my gosh, they were all such great rolls.  The service was so attentive and nice.  Nobody told us about a wait limit, so I'm not sure if they have one.  They were so prompt too.  Each roll came out within 5-10 minutes.  Wow, I'm so glad this place exists.  Definitely recommend this place!
4	Sushi Bomb is a small but fantastic place to catch sushi and quickly leave.  Located in a small plaza in Cheyenne St by the 215, this is the place me and my buddies go after Church on a Sunday morning so it's never been busy or crowded for us.They give you very big servings on sushi and sashimi. All you can eat lunch for $19.99.  Very easy to get full on just two sets of rolls here. Sonny our waiter (might be the manager too) is a very friendly guy and so are the other staff which you can regularly yelling out your order loud with heavy japanese accents.All their special rolls are pretty tasty so you can't really go wrong with any choices.  But the common rolls, such as the california roll are no better than what you usually get from other sushi restaurants. I recommend going with a group of friends and order different specialty rolls so you all can have the chance to try different ones. They all have their own twist of flavor that will not disappoint.
1	Name fits but not in a good way.......
4	To begin with, the service was incredible. I had only been in this place two or three times and the hostess and chef remembered me. The fish was fresh, the prices were reasonable, and the atmosphere was relaxed. I've taken a few friends here and each of them have returned on their own. Three items that were good were: garlic tuna, Japanese lasagna, and 007.
2	Man this place used to be real good, the fish was fresh and the prices where reasonable.  Then the unthinkable happened, AYCE, NOOOOOO.  Well I wasn't in the mood gorge myself with rainbow rolls and I wanted to leave but Silvio wouldn't let me because we already sat down :)  So i ordered ala cart and my worst fear became a reality, the quality of the fish plummeted, the salmon nigiri tasted like albertsons salmon and the tuna was, well, ok I guess.  If they had the same quality fish as before and still had AYCE it would have been a frigging gold mine, but I digress, it is not.  I like sushi mon and this place seems comparable quality wise albeit 4 bucks more since to get the signature rolls there is an up-charge and not sure if you can order hot stuff off the menu with ayce.  The ala cart menu was reasonably priced however.
4	The sushi is good, but the sauces they use to compliment the sushi is the star of the show.  Also, the customer service is top-notch.
5	Sushi Bomb is my favorite Sushi place I've found. My husband and I love to take our friends and family there to show it off. We love going for lunch, All You Can Eat for $19.95. Ask for the spicy edamame, not on the menu, but so worth it. This Guy, Love Affair, Sushi Bomb, and Ex-Girlfriend are just some of our favorites. If you are in the NW area and want some fantastic, fresh sushi, you've gotta check out Sushi Bomb. It even beats our fave place from when we lived in So Cal.
4	I tried this place last year when it didn't offer AYCE and I liked it a lot.  I was excited to go back now that they offer AYCE, so I could try more rolls and see if their quality was still good.  And I was happy to find out -- it is!  We gave them a visit the other night and tried about nine different rolls between us... and I can't think of one thing to complain about on any of them.  Very fresh and VERY yummy.  I also thought the service was excellent.  They were great at keeping the rolls coming out one at a time, with no big lags between them.  They were also very friendly and didn't give us attitude (as some places do) when we wanted to order more.I love the ambiance of this place, too.  Sure it's in a strip mall just like all of the other sushi places in Vegas, but the decor is really cute and the tables/chairs are nice and comfy. And even though the place was full, it wasn't too noisy at all.There are only a couple small things that knock this rating down to a 4 from a 5 for me.  One... they don't allow you to order half-rolls, except for your very last order, which kinda bugs me.  And although they do let you order anything on the menu, their appetizer list is extreeeemely small.  I think they only offered 4-5 things.  Other than those small things, though, Sushi Bomb really was great!  We'll be going back again when our AYCE sushi craving hits and we want to stay on this side of town.
3	The spider roll was just about the best I have ever had. The salmon teriyaki was excellent. There were a few things that hold me back from giving a 4 or 5 star review. 1. The miso soup wasn't hot. To me it is best when it is nearly boiling and you have to sip or slurp it like they do in Japan. 2. The edamame was over nuked and some of it had that gross sticky texture. 3. The salad was tasty but the dish was warm and kinda ruined the crispness of the lettuce. 4. The price was a little steep in comparison the Portland area sushi and teriyaki restaurants we are used to. Would I go back? Yes. I want to splurge and do AYCE sushi for $30.it might be great!
4	this place is pretty bomb. =) they have a lot of specialty rolls that i've never seen before. the all you can eat special is definitely worth it...$19.95 for lunch, $26.95 for dinner. its a bit pricey for dinner if you don't have the appetite for all you can eat. we ordered the Sunny D, warm spring, this guy, and another roll that was listed in the gray box on the menu (we ordered the first two). all of the rolls were SUPER yummy! the tempura ice cream was also super tasty, share it with your friends because getting just a taste is good enough. service was good but a bit slow. i want to go back already! =)
1	We usually come here every 2 weeks or so. The service was always great. The staff was always friendly and attentive.I guess they are under new management and they cleaned house. We came in tonight with new servers and staff. Our male server was a complete jerk from the beginning. He never smiled at us. When we all said we were doing "all you can eat," he didn't believe us. He told us 20 minutes later that the kitchen was closing, but they weren't closing for another 45 minutes? Hmmm. He was totally rushing for us to leave. There was a female server that was helping him out--she was nice, but that's the only good thing i have to say about our experience.All the while, while this was all happening, the owner was just sitting at a table just staring at us eat. Knowing we were unhappy about the service, and complaining to the female server, not once did he care to talk to us. Like a coward, he just sat from afar and stared.Servers are supposed to earn their tips. That's why we eat out because we are paying for the service. We won't be back and i suggest no one else should if service like this continues.
5	This is my new sushi spot!! The owner Su is very nice and was  very helpful from the moment we sat down.  We went on a Monday evening around 9PM and it was busy with about 6 tables.  There are 12 in the room plus the sushi bar.  We ordered all you can eat Sushi for $25.99 and for $3.99 more we had all you can drink beer (Saparo).  The sushi rolls were huge!! I've had Sushi Mon AYCE and the sushi is smaller/scaled down for AYCE patrons.  This sushi was huge!! Everything on the menu from appetizers to desserts and regular to special sushi rolls are includedin AYCE, except for Sashimi.  Over all the ambiance was very nice and clean.  The service was excellent.  I will be making this a regular spot!  I posted several pics!
5	I have been coming here for years and I've always loved it here. It is by far my favorite place to grab some sushi and hang out with friends and drink. I don't know how long they have had the AYCE, but i know its been awhile now. They never had it a couple years ago. The service is always good when I've been here. My favs are the special d rolls, x-girlfriend rolls, and the bacon wrapped scallops.
4	The atmosphere is casual. The waitstaff friendly. The food is very good, and tastes pretty darn fresh. This isn't the coast, after all. But I have been to Sushi Bomb several times and I highly recommend it!
5	AYCE after 9p is buy 2, get 1 free. Good selection of rolls and service was good for a Thursday night.
5	Our first experience with Las Vegas' ayce sushi. I've seen some people talk about the quality of fish here, claiming that it's not fresh, or "what can you expect, it's not on the coast?" I haven't been to the coast yet,(hoping to soon) but it's really not THAT friggin' far. Any ways, I found the fish to be very fresh. The chefs used good cuts, and really seemed to know what they were doing. They had a lot of rolls that I haven't seen before, so I loved trying those out. The lasagna roll, I think it's called, was amazing. So was pretty much everything else I ordered. It definitely beats everything we had back in Atlanta. :)
5	BEST Sushi I have had in a VERY long time!!! Love the atmosphere as well. I would highly recommend going here :)
2	Are you looking to gain unwanted pounds and WASTING your calories?Are you DYING to be served by a nonchalant waitress who only fills up your drinks when you ask her to, plus bonus attitude?Then you are in luck! Sushi Bomb is the place for you! Call NOW and secure a spot for your All You Can Eat RICE at only $19.95 for lunch.  That's right! You can have all the rice you want in your nigiri and rolls for only $19.95.  But WAIT! If you call in the next 10 minutes, they will even include unrecognizable soft shell crab all mushed up in your sushi rolls! What a deal! That is all.
3	**Summary**       - Freshness - The freshness is around average.       - Rice - All the nigiri has way too much rice in them. Anytime I see that, I wonder what other corners the establishment is cutting.       - Service - The sushi chefs were nice, but the waitress had an attitude problem that day. It was almost as if she was scolding me for not knowing that I had to order mussels and other items from the sushi chefs and not her. Furthermore, she never processed my dynamite order.       - Originality - This place has a lot of rolls I've never seen including the Stuffed Tomatoes and This Guy roll.       - Rules - They have more rules than your average sushi joint and some weird names for their sushi (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tCYAxj5_pV4RnDpe3_5VpA?select=4r09Hm_dz_GKp_GSKIkYvg).**Price**       - $19.95 Lunch AYCE Open - 3:30pm       - $26.95 Dinner AYCE 3:30pm - Close**Ordered**       - This Guy Roll (Tuna & Avocado Roll with a Spicy Soft-Shell Crab Ball with Spicy Garlic Ponzu Sauce) - The ball of spicy soft-shell crab was nice (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tCYAxj5_pV4RnDpe3_5VpA?select=j8FE2cjU71vIaKhWHD6M9A).       - Stuffed Tomatoes (Imitation Crab Meat, Avocados, Shrimp, wrapped with Salmon with Orgasm Sauce) - No rice in this roll. The sauce was a bit too creamy though (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tCYAxj5_pV4RnDpe3_5VpA?select=-z1r1fRYJV98K71-ySmxXQ).       - Golden Dragon (Eel and Spicy Tuna on the inside topped with more Eel) - The eel and spicy tuna center made this roll feel like I was eating baby food (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tCYAxj5_pV4RnDpe3_5VpA?select=SuFaUOaT7v_pAr0E-JubIA).       - Grilled Bacon & Scallop Skewer - This was a great skewer with eel sauce to top it (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tCYAxj5_pV4RnDpe3_5VpA?select=A9yP1_X_Z0jmV9eu1fuRWQ).       - Grilled Shrimp w/ Vegi Skewer - The shrimp were pretty tiny, but it was good (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tCYAxj5_pV4RnDpe3_5VpA?select=l5AhXwmWFLr6zxHGrcNmMg).       - Nigiri - The sushi wasn't the freshest I've had in Vegas, but it was decent. However, the sushi is to rice ratio is pretty bad (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tCYAxj5_pV4RnDpe3_5VpA?select=o34ITC4o8tVbZ2Njh8VUmQ).       - Sushi Salad (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tCYAxj5_pV4RnDpe3_5VpA?select=MSAhVq4gwgC_RyxERv0xlw)       - Baked Green Mussels - They used some kind of sour sauce instead of eel sauce that made the mussels taste terrible. This was the first time I didn't finish a mussels on my plate ever.**Recommendations**       - If skewers and rolls are what you're looking for, this place isn't too bad. However, if you're thinking of ordering nigiri, you're probably better off going elsewhere.
4	Really enjoyed my visit to sushi bomb. Its got good atmosphere and the $1.99 all you can drink Sapporo is a big plus!
1	Tried AYCE, it was good except for the rolls were huge so I only ate 2. Really a ripoff if you ask me.Everything was terrible on a third visit. They forgot my order, so while my wife ate her dinner, I stewed over the poor service. When I finally got my salad and sushi roll, both tasted horrible!
5	This is one of our new favorite sushi places in town.  All of the rolls we have had are delicious and the staff is always very friendly.  It is not the cheapest AYCE, but it is still very reasonable and worth the money.  They also had a great deal when we were there that for $4 extra on the AYCE it included all you can drink draft beer which worked out great to wash down all the tasty/spicy rolls :)
3	Ehh it was ok. I'm a fan of authentic Japanese sushi/cuisine. This place is not that. I'm not crazy about all the sauce on almost every roll here.  I followed a previous yelper and I tried the warm springs roll..sweet spicy like dessert!
3	I always feel like open late sushi joints are danger. Eat lots of rice and then go to sleep. That's how sumo tori bulk up. Kanak attack.I've come here a couple times for late night AYCE ($27). Being that you can order ANYTHING off of the menu and the chalkboard specials and it's all under the AYCE umbrella, that's a pretty great deal. Some of their menu items included hamachi kama and okinomiyaki. I really feel like the true testament to the nuts of a sushi place is in their nigiri. Find out what you wanna know ... it's in his fish. Anyways, the nigiri was kind of wussy, thin pieces of fish. Nothing exceptional, but also nothing catastrophic. I think it's worth mentioning that all of the employees are Korean. There were three parties at the bar and no one else in the restaurant. The THREE sushi chefs behind the bar seemed to have trouble keeping up with orders. The waiter boy isn't like a beck and call kind of guy. If you really want something, you'll have to stare at the back of his head for a bit. #offthestrip #noncasino
2	Not that happy with their bento and sushi. Took long for my order because they forgot my order and when I finally got my order the meat was tough.....I've had better
2	I must say that the food is great at Sushi Bomb. The problem I am having is with the service. More than once we have been treated like we are lucky to be eating there as opposed to them being happy we are their customers. We eat there at least twice a month, but its starting to get to the point where we no longer enjoy going there.  Not sure if management is aware of what is going on.  Like I said good food, not so good employees.
4	Pros: Great sushi, especially for AYCE!!  Whoever posted that their rolls are mostly rice, are completely Wrong!  In comparison to other AYCE sushi places, they have very little rice.  Great big portions of fish, etc.  Maybe at one point they did mostly rice, but not since Nov 2011.  Nice servers. LUNCH AYCE was approx. $20/person Cons: It was super super hot in there.  I had to go outside a couple times to cool down.  They must have had the heater cranked up. Finally told them about the air temp and they were kind and turned it down (still a little hot).  Also, the sushi rolls were taking FOREVER to come out.  That was the longest wait for sushi rolls I had to wait for.  They were good and fancy (seemed to be made w/extra love), but if you are in a hurry, I would sit at the bar!  Not a very large place.  Not really good for big groups. Ok atmosphere-nothing fancy.  Overall, good place and would recommend it and would go back...prob sit at the bar! :P
4	Love the sushi and service. The only negative thing is: their hot tea it's a little too weak for my taste.
5	Absolutely Delicious!  Great balance of quality and quantity.  We can't wait to go again!
2	First of all, the all you can eat  price does not include nigiri And sashimi. Second of all, love affair roll that was highly recommended by the manager looked and tasted like sugared-fried cardboard. Their other highly recommended roll called this guy tasted like salted matza on rice.  Disgusting. Lastly, I personally love uni, and when we tried ordering it, they said they were out of uni?!! Really!?!Overall, some rolls were okay, but I don't know if we'll ever come back here again.
4	Fun sushi place with modern decor.  The all-you-can-eat includes everything on the menu which is awesome (includes apps and deserts!).  Watch out for rolls with banana and creamy sauces, as they are super rich and can fill you up too quickly.
1	Actually I made a yelp account because this place is such a joke and I had to write a review. I'm not one for negativity, but I wouldn't EVER go here or recommend it. I eat sushi all over las vegas and this spot is down the street from my house. My mom was in from out of town and I figured we would give it a shot. Bottom line. Strait embarrassment. Horrible service and the fish wasn't fresh. Ordered all you can eat+drink and it took them 30 min on 3 rolls. We left before our last roll was even done because we couldn't stand to wait anymore. Best thing was the seaweed salad....but it was fluorescent green?! Try Yama Sushi. You'll thank me later.
4	Have been hitting the sushi Places a bit lately.. I have to say this place was pretty good and had a varied menu of stuff with some really good spicy options. It didnt blow me away but was above average for sure. I would recommend for a good
4	Wanted sushi, but did not want to go far,  Yelp helped me this sushi bar close to my home in Centennial Hills.  I was quite pleased with their all you can eat menu.  The slices of fish on the nigiri sushi were some of the biggest I've had here in Las Vegas.   The only thing I found off putting was the music, a strange mix of rap and country.  Also they don't have a card to stamp that adds up to a free meal, but overall I was impressed.
1	WORSE SUSHI PLACE EVER!!!!we just moved to this area and wanted to try sushi bomb.me and my husband  ate all you can eat which cost about 30per person with the drinks, which wasnt that bad..but  It took then about an 30 mins for each roll even tho there was only 2 table including us! and the waitress kept saying "oh are you sure..? you've already order this much..?" or "are you sure? you already order this much..?"   I mean i get that she was trying to be nice.. but every freaking time we order more she kept saying it over and over at a point we just wanted to leave!!And raw fish was not freash at all!! SO BAD!!!and the sushi guy...omg he did not know how to make a roll..they were falling apart like crazy...I'll NEVER EVER go back to this place!
5	Very cute hole in the wall place.  When you walk in it's like Little Tokyo.  The quality of the fish is excellent...fresh, savory, and the right proportion (rice to fish ratio).  Their AYCE pricing is not bad...$18ish for lunch and $25ish for dinner.  Otherwise, the rolls al carte is reasonably priced. $7-$13.  They also have an great promo going right now if you go with friends--buy 2 AYCE and get 1 free. Try the Love Me Long Time roll.  One of my favorites!The staff is friendly,  fast service, and the restaurant is very clean. I love that they are open till 1am on Saturday nights.  **Fun side note: if you sit at the sushi bar,  they have this really cool toy box.  You put a quarter there and a cat comes out of the box to take it--hilariously cute.
3	Good food.  Take forever for drinks to get refilled or would have rated at 4 stars.
4	You say sushi.... I say bomb....bomb!!! I found this place on Yelp attempting to meet my friend half way. I never knew this street had so many sushi places! I love the decor inside ...they have some really cool pictures adorning their walls.I ordered a specialty roll I forgot the name but it had the word pearl in it. The rolls were topped with shrimp that had a bit of zing to it. They were little bits of deliciousness!  I also had the spicy scallop rolls which were also good.I liked that they didn't rush my friend and I out after our meal. We stayed for about two more hours chatting. We asked them if it was okay and they were cool with it.
4	We've been customers of Sushi Bomb since day one - so I can't believe I haven't written a review!  This is our convenient go-to neighborhood sushi joint - perfect for after work noshing without having to drive too far. Although, like everything else in Vegas, it's in a suburban strip mall - the interior is well done - with wood paneled walls with large paintings of koi and paper lanterns hanging from the ceiling. The glass tiled wall behind the sushi bar gives it a bit of hip chic.We've always felt the food is good here. Sure - the waitress will always make the obligatory joke when you ask for a "Kiss My Ass" roll - and like so many sushi bars in town, everything has a somewhat dirty name. I have to admit, I don't find this trend particularly appealing, but whatev.  Last night the two of us split the aforementioned Kiss My Ass, the Red Tiger roll, Veggie Roll, and garlic tuna nigiri chased down with a house saki and a large Kirin. A new roll for us, The Red Tiger, is shrimp tempura and avocado wrapped in spicy tuna with a garlic sauce which is amazing. A new favorite. We don't do the AYCE because it isn't worth it for us - we can't eat that much! Service was peppy and good as usual. Sometimes they can get a little spacey during a rush - but it's a cute spacey.
5	This is my new favorite Sushi restaurant! It was my first time eating there. The thing is I love Japanese food & The Sushi Bomb is just up the street from me. Being that the location is well off of the strip & not even in a casino, I assumed that everything about it would be average or suck.... I couldn't have been more wrong. I should say it is not perfect though. The dining room & Sushi bar are very small. Service isn't the fastest. The simple reason for this is: we went on a Wednesday night at 7PM. When we got there, there was only 3 table available & 4 chairs at the bar. Within a few minute, all tables were taken & only 2 chairs at the bar left. On a mid-week night when every other joint was slow or dead, The Sushi Bomb was packed!After our starter snack of Garlic Edamame  came out, I knew that this was going to be something special. To help us on our first time journey, our server, steered us to some excellent choices..... The One Night Stand Roll, was beyond our expectations for flavor & freshness. As we got the rest of our dishes, everything was also great. I now understand why the place was packed. With their huge & diverse menu, quality of ingredients, reasonable pricing & late night hours, this place cannot be beat in Las Vegas.
1	Hello Again!  I have written a review about Sushi Bomb before (back in Nov 2011), but this time, I have to say, I won't be going back :(  The last review I gave them was 4 out of 5...Only a 4 cause of how slow the service was during lunch.  My friends and I dined there last night (March 30, 2012).  It was a Friday evening and it was another couple and our son who is 1yr 1/2 old.  So our bad journey began with slow service and a very very rude waitress.  I should have gotten her name (there are only a few servers that work there - she was the slightly older skinnier Asian lady server.  The younger one with wavy hair was very very nice!  Our bill was over $170 - All you can eat and drinks.  So for paying this kind of money at any restaurant for 4 people, would EQUAL = = = = GREAT SERVICE!  Wrong.  Our reservations was for 7:15.  We did not get out of the restaurant until after 10pm.  This was not our choice because our son was ready long LONG before.  I told my friends that our lunch service was slow and given that the restaurant seemed busy, I suggested that we try and order all your rolls at one time.  We ordered most or rolls so we didn't have to wait as long.  However, we needed a couple more.  I guess when you order more after the first round, you will have to wait cause others will be priority over you... or so it seemed.  When I told the guy (Host-with a girly kind of hair cut-not trying to be mean, just didn't get his name and that's the only way I could describe him) who said he is the manager, his explanation was and I quote "the first round of sushi you probably had a fast sushi chef and they are all different, this time, you probably had a slower sushi chef and his speed is slower than the first guy that made your food"   :o  WHAT??   We waited over 40minutes from when we ordered a couple more rolls before they came out (after a couple complaints too).The server would barely ask us what we wanted nor did she seem happy to be there.  She was in a bad mood.  I totally get it, we all have bad days and we have busy days too that can drive us to the ground, but when the economy is the way it is (people seem to be pickier about where to eat or spend their money on), then I think customer service is going to help any business fail or succeed.  Bottom line, we should not have been treated the way we did.  -We asked for waters twice.-We waited over 15 min. for her to take our order the first time.-We had to keep asking for refills -We asked for 2 cucumber salads in the beginning and never got them - until about almost 10pm cause they new at this point we were upset - we even said never mind on the cucumber salads -We were treated horribly by our server the entire night (with the exception of the Host/Manager & that other server that tried to make it better) -Our rolls the second time took over 40min. to come out - we did not order anything different than the last time, with the exception of us ordering only 3 rolls - lot less than the first roundUnfortunately, because of all the series of events that happened last night with the slow service and the extremely rude server, etc. etc. Our entire group will not go back.  There are far more sushi places that would deserve our time/money than this place.  I do not recommend this place to anyone with kids or anyone that wants to leave within less than 2 hours, especially for dinner.I do have to say the best roll there is Sex on the Beach.  The all you can drink Sapporo for $3.99 is a good deal.  Make a reservation!!  We did and it helped but there were people waiting outside.Unfortunately for us, all of these things though will not help us go back.  I rather drive all the way to "I Love Sushi" in Henderson that isn't an all you can eat and pay just as much or a little more because I know they are deserving of my business.  I hope someone from Sushi Bomb reads this because I hope you improve on your customer service!! Just a side note: We tried to tip the other nice server (cause she started to help us a little more at the end) and she said they all have to share the money - community tips.  Where is the incentive to do better and be a better server and treat people better?  There really isn't with this type of tipping service.  Overall bad time and we all left frustrated.  Our night didn't end well and that's not right.  :( Sushi Bomb dropped a bomb on our night! It shook us up so much, they we are not going back!
5	Best sushi in Las Vegas! Great AYCE deal, fresh ingredients, awesome decor, friendly staff. LOVE everything about this place. I would give it 10 stars if possible. I am now a loyal Sushi Bomber!
5	Really great, fresh food. Generous servings. Reasonable prices. The all you can eat deal rocks. Best sushi I've had in a long time. Golden Dragon roll, DJs special, salmon teriyaki all fresh and really tasty. Sunomono the best. And desert - honey toast?  Genius. So simple. Ice cream on honey drizzled toasted bread. How could I have not thought of this?  Came away with a very happy tummy. Strip mall alert!  Don't let the location deter you.
4	The food was excellent. The spicy garlic edamame was soooo delicious that I didn't want to share. I know it's just soy beans, but it was great. Then there was "the best chicken fried rice" that my husband's ever had. Then there were the extremely filling bento boxes that my kids ordered. And I haven't even gotten to the sushi rolls yet - the Hulk (soft shell crab topped with more soft shell crab & avocado); the 007 (California roll with shrimp on top); spicy tuna & octopus... Very very yummy! We didn't order anything really exotic because if the basics are good, the specialties are usually better. Also considering that they only had two servers at dinner-time on Saturday evening, the service was pretty attentive. To cap off our meal we had a banana split consisting of tempura fried banana, a scoop of vanilla ice cream, whipped cream, caramel & a cherry on top. Good stuff. We'll be back.
5	I should have been clear about the restaurant size, I think they have a little over a dozen tables, and about 8 seats at the bar. Now that I have been there a few more times, for dinner it is always pretty busy. Unfortunately, because the food is so good, this is a place where people really come to eat & almost everyone goes for the AYCE(all you can eat) No time limit option.... you know what that means- the Tables don't turn over that fast, but it is so worth the wait, if you had bad timing.If you have 2 other friends with you, you have to go grab a bite, after 9PM, when it is buy 2 AYCE & get the 3rd FREE! There is also a $4 All You Can Drink: Draft Beer, if you get the AYCE, THAT'S INSANE! 1 Sapporo cost at least $5 everywhere else!
1	If I could give this place zero stars I would. The service does suck. My friend and I walk in and no one greets us. We stand there for a few minutes and no one comes to seat us. We eventually ourselves at the bar and still nothing - not even the sushi chefs say hi. Are we ghosts? Eventually a waitress comes over with utensils but by that time my friend is done and we just leave. Come on people, how do you expect to run a successful business this way? My god!
1	Server asked if cust wanted table or bar customer asked table and he said well there only two of you go to bar.  What the hell???? I can tell service will.suck!!!!!!
2	The place is cute neighbor restaurant.  It was a Saturday night and the place was half full.  I expected it to be busier.  The food was not what I wanted.  It seemed to me the majority of the rolls had either eel in them or they were spicy.  I can't stand eel and my best friend doesn't eat spicy so we really had a problem looking at what rolls to eat.  We asked if we could sub spicy tuna for regular tuna and the server didn't understand what we were saying.  I had major issues with the service but will get to that later.  Back to the food....we ordered tempura which pieces were so undercooked we couldn't eat it.   Seriously, I have no idea what veggie it was.   It was like a rock.  The rolls were so so.  Nothing stood out.  Ok I understand they had some issues with service being bad.  Being in the industry I consider myself a little more patient than others.  It wasn't like they ignored us, it was the complete opposite.  I couldn't finish a sentence without them coming and asking us how everything was.   We told them to leave the menus, 3 different people tried to take them.   I asked them questions about the menu and they had no idea what some of the items were.  I couldn't wait to get out of there.   Personally, I love it that they asked how we were doing but really, every 2 minutes.  Annoying.  They need to find a balance with the service.
4	Ill give this place 5 stars. The food here is on point. Def hit up the all you can eat. I love sushi cause thats what i grew up on and Ive had some bomb sushi and this place def has some decent sushi. I have my all time favorite spot but being that this is closer to my place i usually go here haha The staff is friendly and fairly fast with the service. Its a very small place but if you dont mind the wait im sure you wont be disappointed. The all you can eat sushi is worth the price. If you were to do the ala cart, by the time youve ordered 3-4 different things youde already have paid the price for the all you can eat. It would be nice if they did have a bigger seating area as they do get busy. But lts worth the wait.
1	The name says everything. The sashimi portion are small and expensive. Not a fan of all u can eat sushi bars. Service for get it. Pass on this bomb.
5	I went there after reading the Yelp reviews.  I have to admit, I was somewhat skeptical of all the great reviews.I went there and had the AYCE.  Wow, nice service and friendly staff.  Went for lunch on a Saturday at about 1:00 and the place was about 75% full.The fish is fresh and the chefs are accommodating.  I asked for a roll combination that was not on the menu and they made it for me.  They don't rush you at all and I wound up watching almost an entire ball game.  Two Thumbs up.
4	This is my local sushi place and I'm a fan. The sushi quality is very good and they have a decent sake and beer selection. I'm the first to admit that the service can be hit and miss, but I'm not bothered by speaking up and asking for something. We usually eat at the bar when here and get plenty of attention.
5	Great service and great food! This is my favorite sushi spot!!! I'm here at least once a month. I've never had a bad experience here. I'm not a fan of eel or shrimp and Danny the manager recommended rolls that didn't have them and he even told the sushi chefs to substitute things for me. Love this place!
1	If u love good sushi never go here. The rolls are horrible! My gf ordered a tuna salad and it was heated can tuna!? We were both shocked and sent it back. What sushi place serves can tuna? I ordered a roll that was suppose to have soft shell crab, instead it had a round green breaded ball on top. I asked where is the crab? The guy said is mixed in the breading. Not one piece of crab just filler breading. This place has all filler artificial food. If u want an actual piece of fresh fish you have to order sushimi. What a joke! Spend an extra $5-10 and go to a better place.
5	Ok so before I go on with this review, I need to tell you first that I am not too much into sushi except for your basic California rolls. With that said, what I always wanted to do was try ALL types of sushi. My reasoning is that why try different types and pay for each roll. What if I dont like that roll? So the best answer was to do an all you can eat! Pay one price and try everything! Well everything that you can eat anyway. I heard if you have leftovers they charge you. So my plan was to go with friends and team up!So, this place has a buy 2 all you can eat, get one free! Split the bill three ways and you're set! They have this special I think starting at 9 pm. Call them for more details.Now for the food. OMG! First of all, I didnt know there were lots of different sushi combinations and they all have different names. For this place you got sexual inuendos as names. How fitting for a sushi virgin. Names like sex on the beach, ex boyfriend/girlfriend, and 69 are just some of the options. Hay, im not making this up! I tried a lot of different rolls my friends ordered. Of course we were not able to order everything. Service was good. I didnt have any thing out of the ordinary to complain about. We got what we ordered in a timely manner. Refills were constant. Our server answered all my questions quickly and even had some suggestions. Everything I tried seemed really good. I didnt even bother trying to read what each individual roll consisted of. With the help of my friends, all the selections were really good. I think the next time I will be more assertive in picking my own rolls. For now, this experience was well worth it and I can take it off my bucket list.So if you have any favorites or suggestions for me, (heck, even a recommendation for another sushi place is welcome so I can compare is fine with me) feel free to send me a message! Im still trying to get the hang of eating sushi! Thanks Sushi Bomb for being gentle!
4	So in a search to find another good sushi place preferably in the NW my wife and I stopped in here. The service here was very good even when they are packed...the rolls were fresh and cold. We have been back several times to keep our sushi rotation fresh.If you come during rush hours be ready for it to be packed, as it is with most small places these days.
5	I absolutely loved my first visit to Sushi Bomb! I had the "Hooters" roll twice, the "Japanese" and "Korean" rolls, and finished up with their plum ice cream for dessert. I cannot wait until I visit Sushi Bomb again!
4	The sushi was very good yesterday evening; however, only having 2 chef's caused a back up of 20 minutes before the first orders were able to be taken.  I understand the owner when he says " they're business during the weekdays are slower and the weekends are only busy at night", but because he's chosen to cut back a chef up front, the customers willing to wait may not return.  This is seen as being cheap with your labor, and your labor is critical in delivering consistent product.  The slip in consistency was what kept us away for the past few months; this was a 'second chance'.  The owner needs to concentrate on one business or the other....the sushi shop or the auto shop, but not both.
3	Got some take out from here the other night.  Pretty decent and made it last for two nights.  I know, I know, some people saw not to do that with sushi.  But so far I have never had a problem!  I feel like I am getting more for my money too ;)  I do agree that too many of the rolls are very Americanized.   Cream cheese here and cream sauce there.  Deep fried this crunchy that.  I like sashimi and vegetables in my rolls. I ordered salmon sashimi and two rolls.  The sashimi was great-just like butter.  The spicy tuna was good-not too spicy thank goodness.  The Wild Wild west have cream cheese in it but I still found it to be quite tasty. I probably be back, its right by my neighborhood market, but it won't be my regular place.
5	Awesome! Loved their spicy edamame. And the rest of the sushi was super fresh
3	nothing special.sushi not super fresh.fried chicken was dry and bland.udon was decent. better than the other items, but about par to other japanese restaurants
5	Great food, great price, great for families.  Beers good also!
3	This used to be my favorite sushi place in town. The food is STILL good, but the service just took a dive within the past month. My order took forever with only two other tables busy. The servers spent most of their time laughing with the chefs and completely ignored us. I feel like I wasted money because I was completely unsatisfied. I don't know what happened between now and the hundred-plus times I've been here, but it will be a long time before I ever come back.3 stars for the food. That's all.
3	Have been a customer for the past two years.  Eat there a lot.  One of the recent posts talks about a decline in service.  I agree!  While the food is generally okay, the sushi chefs, with the exception of at least one, seem to just talk, talk, talk, laugh out loud, talk, talk, talk, talk, laugh out loud, ignore customer, talk, talk, talk, talk etc.  It's getting to the point that my wife and I are considering not frequenting the place anymore.  We're going to give it another try or two and  if we don't see any change, we'll move on somewhere else.  Ontop of this change in service, prices were raised recently.
4	All you can eat $25. How could you go wrong? The sushi is very good. And the hot food as well.
1	Food 2 stars - their deep fried rolls are soggyService 0 star - the guy taking our order stopped me half way thru taking my order to go pour tea for another table.What I love the most is that I ordered 3 rolls and they gave me 1 pack of soy sauce and NO WASABI!!!!! WTF!!!!!!!!
1	Terrible service tonight....rude tried to make us leave early like 40 minuted before its closed.  They tried to not give us our buy one get one free.  And to top it all off....they put gratuity on our party of 5 when it clearly states 6 people for gratuity.  Om calling management and im going to complain....worse service ever. They didnt bring all of our orders and they tried to bpame EVERYTHING on the new guy.  We asked if we can split the bill 3 ways it was fine, but when we had to pay, they changed ot to 2 ways and that was already wheb we were about to pay.  So I dont want to go here anymore.  GREAT FOOD TERRIBLE TERRIBLE TERRIBLE SERVICE.  ON TOP OF THAT TRYING TO GET MORE MONEY OUT OF YOU EVEN WHEN THE PRICES ARE POSTED eVERYWHERE.  Cheaters rude and terrible
4	Sushi Bomb has a wide variety of specialty rolls that I have never heard of before!  We ordered AYCE for lunch, which was about $22 per person.  Our server warned us in advance that any leftovers would be charged at regular price...although this is a rule we are aware of, I've never been verbally told about it.  I'm pretty picky with sushi, but surprisingly I loved one roll that I would never have ordered on my own.  I believe it was called The Hulk, which contains soft shell crab and some sort of yummy sauce.In the end- the food was tasty, we were stuffed and the service was good.
5	By far, the best sushi restaurant in town!My best friend and I have been coming here once a month for about 10 months. We've never had an issue with the service, but a couple of months ago, a new guy and he's been our waiter the last two times--he's hilarious! Upbeat, energetic and funny! The rolls just can't be beat. They are all delicious, our favorite being Sex on the Beach and One Night Stand. There was one roll that we had never tried before, The Red Tiger, but our server insisted we try it a couple months ago and it's now another one of our favorites. Last month when we were in, he remembered what we ordered, which is always nice. A lot of their rolls are spicy, but that's fine for us--we love spicy foods.Two large-screen TVs are really nice during football season too. The staff is really good about letting you pick what channel you want to watch.I have tried a few other sushi places in town (Sushi Bomb isn't around the corner from my house, so when I go out with my daughter, we try places near home) and I always end up not liking the other places and I always compare them to Sushi Bomb. Nothing compares.For the price and the service and the flavor and variety, I can't find a better place in town. So delicious.
5	I have introduced many people to Sushi Bomb and all leave saying the same thing. 'That was some of the best sushi I have had in awhile!' I go as often as I can. Fabulous!!
5	Food was great, love the atmosphere, would eat here again!  The server initially turned me off with his attitude but I quickly picked up on his humor.
1	Yet another soulless Korean pseudo sushi disaster trying to act like an authentic Sushi restaurant. Food: Below average, lots of stupid sounding mayo & fried food filled garbage advertised as specialty rolls. The actual fish sushi like Hamachi, Tuna, Albacore is cut so paper thin it looks like deli meat. the rice is dry, cold & tasteless. The service was horrible, unfortunately we were a group of 7 and they automatically charge gratuitiy for parties of 5 or more. So obviously the staff already knowing their getting their tip are very rude and indifferent. I really resisted the urge of throwing our waiter through the window, he was a cocky, unpleasant, rude little punk with an attitude problem & acted like he was doing us a favor by serving us. With all the amazing sushi places here in Las Vegas, I suggest you avoid this place unless you have low expectations for quality of food and a high tolerance for poor service.
3	They would get 4 stars because their food is awesome but they have this ONE server, I think Jeremy, who is a complete pain. If he is there, just run, because you will NOT leave happy. I have been served by him a total of 4 times and everytime he has been an ass. The waitress, Song, is awesome. If you get her then you will have a great time.Rolls i recommend:Rabbit PearlLove affairS&H Special
5	Best sushi I have ever had in LV... but still have a few more places to try. We go here weekly. You must try: Rabbit Pearl, X-girlfriend, Touchdown 2 & Rock N Roll Always awesome sushi, service can be slow at times but most of the time it is on point and friendly. AYCE is a must and they have AYD (All you can drink beer) for cheap too. Give it a shot!
5	I came back to edit my post. I had an extremely negative comment about how they had a waiter that was mean to the customers and that I wouldn't be returning because of his service. However, since then they have fired that waiter and the restaurant has done a complete 180.They have always had good food, no one every doubted that, but their service was rude. Now the service is great and you can actually enjoy the food! Sometimes the rolls can be a little too big and hard to eat, but my boyfriend asked if they could make them a little smaller so they were easier to eat and they happily did, it came out with more pieces that were smaller so it was the same amount of food. I'm sure we'll be back a lot because they are extremely close by and we do love their sushi, and now that they have fixed the service issue nothing gets in the way of enjoying that food. Highlight: lunch special all you can eat is only $20. :D
2	I liked the atmosphere of the restaurant. The seaweed was tough and the sushi did not seem very fresh. The tempura veggies were pretty good.
1	Someone fire that Asian guy who runs the front of the house.  Terrible server who gets too comfortable with his customers.  Sushi bomb DOES NOT know how to handle big parties.   They purposely "forget" rolls.  It was an embarrassment bringing visitors here.  Do not come here.
4	Amazing food and great service!
4	One word... YUMMY! Awesomely unique rolls and super fresh sushi. The price? Comparable to other sushi restaurants. Highly recommend the S&H Special!One tip: if ordering hot sake, ask them to heat it up more a bit. It's usually served more on the tepid side.
4	Sushi...it's what's for dinner...or at least it was that night.  I have been a fan of Sushi Bomb for a few years, prior to my introduction and addition to Yelping, so I wish I could go back and check in all those times.  The AYCE is a pretty good value, as I can put away some sushi!  The quality and freshness of the ingredients have always been good along with the size of the rolls.  I have had the majority of their rolls try and pick a new one each time.  The service is somewhat of a hit and miss.  I seldom see the same employees there so I sometimes feel like I know their menu better than my server.  When I asked about a new roll or dish, they seldom know the answer and have to ask the sushi chef even on simple things. All in all the food makes the drive out to no where worth the effort and I'm sure I will be back there in the near future...again!
1	Okay...so today I go into Sushi Bomb (Please keep in mind me and my family go in or take out at least 2 times per week) and I ordered a special roll. The roll that I ordered is not on the menu but let me tell you what I requested. I requested avocado, asparagus, and creme cheese wrapped in cucumber. The gave me 10 pieces the size of quarters and charged me (are you ready????) 10 PIECES for 30.00. When I explained to the lady that I was a regular customer and I thought it was outrageously priced...she shock her head and told me... (broken english voice) okay...okay...there is nothing I can do. Sorry...you order special roll that's the price. Go any where in town they would charge you the same amount. She didn't care and it was crazy. I would have been happy with 10% off the next time you come in or something but she didn't care...Their sushi is pretty good but their loyalty to their customer's was 1 star at best. Go up the street to Tokyo sushi house...great sushi...better service!!!!!!
5	The few times me my wife and son have been in here we have all enjoyed ourselves.  Try the screaming orgasm.
4	Great staff. Great sushi. Stay away from the mediocre dining menu and stick with the miracle rolls they create from the sushi menu. Unlimited draft beer for a few dollars more as well, which can't be beat. My wife and I have been going here for awhile with good reason (besides the convenient location). When people are on my side of town, this place is the first place I have in mind for a great dining experience. Well worth it, and the price is reasonable. Only fallback is that they rarely have Uni on hand. Not many are fans of Uni, but I am. :\
5	Sushi Bomb!!!  My husband took me here a year ago for the 1st time.  It is not close to our home, but VERY worth the drive.  We have visited a few sushi bars here in Vegas, and By Far, Sushi Bomb is the BOMB!  I love the all you can eat, they offer new suggestions and the quality is superb!  The staff is attentive, and very friendly!We have gone to Sushi Bomb a few times and they will always be our 1st choice for a great Japanese meal! Yummi....I may just go again this weekend!
5	Still loving this freakin place.  Honestly when you really take a look at the reviews- the only reason it doesn't have a better overall rating is because of the service.  The sushi is SO good though!  The spicy garlic edamame, the S & H special, their sashimi... just amazing.  And really.. the service has never been a problem for me.  Really, give this place a try. :)
4	3.5 stars for the food...5 stars for the value!AYCE lunch is around $20, with an AYCD option for $5! I had 3 Sapporo drafts, at about $1.50 a piece!Most of the fish tasted fresh, some with great flavor actually! A few seemed a little dry and not quite as fresh, but I only noticed that on some of the nigiri.  Pic : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sushi-bomb-las-vegas?select=53bUbCJxe5R69uRhPbJX7Q#53bUbCJxe5R69uRhPbJX7QI really enjoyed the Unagi here...it had a slight crispiness to the edges that added a lot of flavor and consistency!  Pic : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sushi-bomb-las-vegas?select=n_VviZZu0wZCAX_N4wGdBg#n_VviZZu0wZCAX_N4wGdBgI really enjoyed the Sake Kama here!  They don't include the Hamachi kama in the AYCE, so the salmon had to tide me over! Had a great taste...better than most actually!  Probably the highlight of the lunch for me :)  Pic : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sushi-bomb-las-vegas?select=GityQ5CHwRvSUC36LtnJIA#GityQ5CHwRvSUC36LtnJIAThe rolls were great, with my most favorite being the Rabbit Pearl : Shrimp Tempura, Spicy Crab and Cucumber topped with Spicy Crab, Shrimp and Avocado...Spicy ponzu sauce and crunch!  This was easily the best roll we tried in my eyes! Perfect amount of spice and flavor!   Pic : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sushi-bomb-las-vegas?select=TLsxftXGuTx6odSFz-lcKg#TLsxftXGuTx6odSFz-lcKgI really liked how they include Yakitori as well! The beef was ok...a bit chewy, but good overall. Pic : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sushi-bomb-las-vegas?select=vCJPc5iGyjaFVRR4OzMETQ#vCJPc5iGyjaFVRR4OzMETQBut easily shadowed by the Scallops wrapped with Bacon! They were great and melted in your mouth!  Pic : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sushi-bomb-las-vegas?select=O3-khFYVdrmZjk-XRcqsfw#O3-khFYVdrmZjk-XRcqsfw And of course, to finish for dessert...they had Honey Toast! Of course I had to try it...a few choices of ice cream, but the Green Tea actually had lots of tea flavor and was yummy! The toast itself was good, plenty of honey...and was overall a good choice!  Pic : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sushi-bomb-las-vegas?select=Hz0hOXgNhwsPJNsuJA0GKA#Hz0hOXgNhwsPJNsuJA0GKA I took many other pictures too, just click the tab on top of the review if you want to see the others.Check them out if you are ever on this side of town...all the way on W Cheyenne and the 215!  It would be worth the drive to switch it up :)
4	Nice, upbeat place.  First visit tonight and we had 4 rolls 4 peaces of sushi with the plum ice cream to top it off.  Staff was nice and friendly with the place having a nice local feel to it.  We'll be back soon.
4	This place gets three stars for a great selection and an extra fourth for there AYCE&D. They have a pretty good selection of rolls, always important to me.A few issues:Not a fan of the 'orgasm sauce' they use there.It came on the rock n roll and the stuffed tomato (which everywhere I've had this they do not sauce this roll)There imitation crab tastes funny (maybe it was just me)I really really enjoyed the angry dragon roll, perfect perfect sweet and spicy blend!The bf had his usual chicken teriyaki and Sapporo which he said was very satisfying and well worth the price paid.The rolls were not overly rice-y like some AYCE places; there was plenty of fish. Overall the food was good and the service was decent. The price is great.
4	Big fan of sushi... When we decided to go here for ayce I had never heard of it.  We sat at the sushi bar and the chef gave us a piece of nigiri each... Good not great as tasted a little fishy. Then we shared a few rolls... The hulk, rabbit pearl and who love long time were really good (big fan spicy tuna or spicy rolls in general). He got the Mexican lasagna... It was good but I'm not a yum yum fan but he really liked it! For $20 you are better off doing ayce than buying even two rolls for lunch! And sharing is perfect as get to taste more variety! The service varied, she kept our glasses full and was good about bringing more ginger as we both really like it. The chef however seemed a little slow as 20 min later we had everything but one roll and he was kind of snippy saying its coming when we asked. But it was enjoyable And I would go back, especially to share sushi! Thanks for showing me a new place!
5	Honestly, this is my favorite sushi place in all of Vegas! They have the best service with a small restaurant feel. My husband and I would have lunch and dinner here all the time when we lived in the northwest part of town. They have a peanut butter roll that is hands down the best!! Must try!
4	Sushi Bomb has a great all you can eat lunch. Large selection. Everything we tried was perfectly prepared. They also have the non seafood lovers covered. Excellent panko crusted chicken. Service was timely and helpful.
5	Great sushi!  I highly recommend the Golden Dragon.  The Mexican Lasagna is also a great baked sushi.
5	I've been going to this place for years. I've tried everything on the menu and they have never let me down. My wife and I love the food. She especially likes the spicy garlic edamame, which goes great with the quality sushi they serve. If you like to drink, add $4 to the price of your all you can eat sushi and you get unlimited saporo on draft. You can't beat it
3	Good sushi, I will give them that but god forbid you come in and one of the sushi chef's family comes in to eat, their service all of a sudden suck! We ordered salmon Kama first because it takes a long time to cook but they gave our food to the chef's family and told us 30 mins after that the kitchen did not get our order!  They need to improve their priorities in service. I get it, they are VIP but don't lie about our order!
5	Best place and people EVER!!! Andy the head chef is absolutely amazing the nicest person you can ever meet. He converted me to a sushi lover, i would always come here with my wife and just get non sushi food till Andy got hired he had me try a couple of his specialty rolls and made me my own onion ring roll. Now I love sushi and don't mind when my wife asks to come here, I actually ask her now to come!! BEST BEST PLACE EVER!!!!
1	Went last night... HORRIBLE service and to top it off, the "Buy 2 get 1 free" is no longer promoted there. I wouldn't have been so disappointed in my first visit to Sushi Bomb if it weren't for our server. Seemed like she was upset to be at work! 3 of us went and the bill came out to $100... If I'm paying that much money to sit down and eat, I expect better service than what I got last night.Needless to say, I will NEVER return to this business.
5	Sushi Bomb is AWESOME!!  Fresh Fresh Fresh!!  Friendly staff!!  Recommend to EVERYONE!!!!
5	This is my favorite sushi place in Vegas! I used to go here twice a week when I lived on that side of town! Delicious, quality sushi & some really unique house rolls. Nice atmosphere too.
4	Went there Saturday night (11/2) with some friends.  Had the AYCE.  The service was great.  The selections were not just the normal.  They had Ocean Trout which was very nice along with Giant Clam.  Mmmmmm.They also offer all you can drink for an extra $6.00 so it is well worth it.  Rather than getting a pitcher, we got glasses, so the beer was always cold. You just had to ask for more beer.  We went early (5:30 ) and by the time we left a little after 7:00 the place was packed.
4	This place has been getting better and better since Andy showed up. He's got some great new fish to try like the salmon belly (which they use a blowtorch on!!!), the giant scallop, and the sea bream. Oh my god. I went back twice in a week and did AYCE the second time because it was so good. Definitely a delicious lunch or dinner spot.
4	Im actually giving this place 4 1/2 stars. It was my first time here. I am usually a visitor of Sin City Sushi or Yama Sushi. So I wanted to try something different. This place definitely lived up to my expectations. Did the AYCE. Wide variety of rolls. Service was great. The speed that the rolls came out was perfect. Would definitely go again.
4	I am OBSESSED with this sushi place. It is the bomb dot com, pun intended. Their sushi is awesome. My favorites are the Hooters, Morning After, Rock and Roll and 69. I'm sure I'm missing some but they're all pretty delicious. I love that they offer Cajun Albacore nigiri, yum! Lately they've been bringing in some new fish options listed on their specials board. We tried the halibut and orange trout (I think?) and both were delicious. If you're planning on coming in and want to avoid the rush, get here by 6 at the latest. This place gets PACKED and then the servers are swamped, service gets lax, etc (hence the one star deduction). They also offer all you can drink Sapporo draft with their all you can eat special, need I say more?
5	Finally got the Boyfriend to try Sushi..walking in he was not about it but want to make the effort to go since I haven't been in years and he thought to himself " I could play it safe with the Teriyaki plate", lol To my surprise he agreed to try the two diff rolls I picked out which were "Rabbit Pearl" (which is amazing by the way) and the "Shrimp Tempura" with eel sauce (also bomb!!) and Yes!!! he even likes the eel sauce..the staff was friendly, nice and attentive. The establishment clean and inviting.
5	One of the best flavor all over sushi and the service  by Chef
5	Great AYCE menu.  Finally found a place where all the rolls don't taste the same,  each roll is unique and flavorful. Cute atmosphere and the sushi chefs are very friendly. One of them even refilled my drink after noticing the server was busy! Definitely a must try, be sure to save some room for dessert and get the honey toast.
4	Went for dinner and food was very good! Definitely worth getting all you can eat to taste all the different rolls they have to offer. My husband also ordered the honey toast, which was amazing!
1	Been here twice so far for sushi. Got sick the first time within a couple hours of eating. Thought we'd give it another try again tonight and see and I was sick again. Would not recommend. Have eaten at several other places in town and not had an issue. Not sure what it is about this place. I wanted to like it but I can't.
5	If you are looking for a place to get sushi you should definitely go here! They have a wide variety of sushi to choose from and they are super quick with their service. Their fish always has tasted fresh and I would definitely recommend their no rice rolls as they are amazing!
3	good sushi but a little expensive for the quality. Doesnt stop me from coming though.
1	I tried Sushi Bomb after searching for a sushi place nearby open late (Saturday 1/25/14) because my regular & dearly loved sushi spot, The Sushi (Lake Mead & Rampart) closed at 10pm.I was terribly disappointed.  There was really no fish in their rolls!!! I expect to at least be able to taste the fish in my cut rolls!  And we were paying regular price for every roll.I expect about a pinky-finger-thickness of fish in each roll and we were lucky if we had as much as cold beverage straw's thickness, about 1/4 of any other sushi place.  Even the spider roll had the tiniest bit of soft shelled crab that I had ever seen!!!I'm sorry I didn't take pictures to post!My husband and I were too late to order AYCE and were told we had to order everything we wanted within 15 minutes (even though it was 11:20pm and I had read they were open until 1am).  In any case, that was the first and last visit to Sushi Bomb.
2	We finally stopped going after our last visit in early July 2013. We went in for lunch, ayce as we usually do and have done some 50-60 visits since 2010.  One of you younger sushi chefts, usually very unfriendly and sarcastic, refused to make us the last item we ordered.  When we inquired, he said he was too busy.  There were only two other sets of customers in the entire place.  While we enjoyed some of the items they made, there are much better and less costly places nearby.  This place is totally lacking in customer service, especially when you have customers such as us that had been frequented the place so much.  Obviously the owner does not care as I have never seen any replies to any type of bad review.  We just decided to not give our business to someone that does not appreciate it.  We now enjoy a much better setting with better food at less price, and the owner and employees appreciate the business every time.
2	We came here on a recommendation from a friend, it was close to my parent's house so we didn't have to travel very far, and we didn't want to wait very long to be seated. In the beginning service was slow. They had a party of 12 that was here before us but they were getting dessert after we sat down for about 10 minutes. Seemed like they were more attentive after I whipped out my yelp coupon for free draft beer for checking in. It Nigiri definitely has way too much rice on it. The fish was pretty fresh but sliced so paper thin I could see through it. Almost like they were trying to ration their fish. When the server delivered our combo tempura a freaking ant came with it!!! They don't do half rolls unless it's your very last roll. The rolls are the standard portion of rice but some looked scaled down. In the end the menu is pretty large with a lot of variety just don't expect large portions. Would I come back? Probably not due to the traveling distance.
3	Family friendly.Dropped in for some dinner with the family one night. The menu was pretty standard but the service was the great and best part of this business. Everyone was attentive and pleasent.My son was given a high chair and the chefs  had fun giving him custom little fruits with bird faces which he loved it!Recommend the banana crab dish!! Pretty amazing.OverallService: 4-5Food: 3-5Drink: 3-5Price: $$Come back: yes
4	Comfy, fish is  pretty good, definitely good enuf ( I'm here on a Sunday ) , nice local neighborhood spot... very casual, cute place, worth it if u live nearby
5	Andy is amazing! He creates amazing masterpieces and always goes above n beyond for his customers! This place has top notch food n friendly staff. I love love love this place. Always my first choice.
3	My coworkers all claim they have the best sushi place in town so we decide every few weeks we will try a different coworkers spot.  The price is average what I was expecting for AYCE but has a nice yelp deal for a free house sake or Sapporo.  The food was good not the best I've ever had for AYCE.  The reason I have this place three stars was the waitresses needed to be flagged down every time my group was there a little over an hour and only one water refill.  My glass sat empty for 28 minutes but I couldn't give this place lower than three stars because the food even though the customer service was atrocious.
4	I've only ordered sushi to go from Sushi Bomb, but the sushi was fresh and very good. They made my order quickly and the prices are reasonable.
4	Great prices!  Huge menu.  You can order from everything for All You Can eat! Great appetizers, entrees, and of course sushi!
5	Love sushi bomb!!! Food is so good and cooks are fast every time!! Great service! One of the bet sushi places on my side of town! :) yum!
5	Been to several sushi places in town and this one is by far my favorite. We always do the AYCE and you have the majority of the menu as options. The variety is great and the service is fast.
4	My husband and I came here for lunch on a Saturday. We both had all you can eat. My favorite was"I love tuna". The tuna was fresh and it had just the right amount of spiciness. I also enjoyed the seaweed salad, my husband really liked  DJ's special roll. All in all a good experience.
1	Food is great. But service is horrible!!! I used to come here all the time but it seems like the staff just went down the drian.
3	I was on this side of town and thought I'd give this place a try. Apparently arriving 15 minutes before the dinner service starts assures you will be paying $7 more for ayce so I opted for ordering 2 rolls. The Japanese lasagne was decent. Although not a large portion. The salmon lover roll was bland and disappointing. The prices are definitely not worth it ordering rolls individually.
1	This is the worst sushi place. The food is ok but the staff is so lame. Can't even take the order right. They have to learn how to speak English and take orders correctly. They defenetly bombed out.
3	This place has alright sushi. Eh... I've had better... The only roll I liked was the dancing eel roll. Calamari had no taste I would say the same for the chicken karaa-ge.
4	Today was my first visit to Sushi Bomb for lunch. I ordered AYCE at the lunch special price of $20.95 ($6 savings from the dinner price). I definitely treated myself and ordered a ton of food! I had to start with edamame, shrimp tempura, and miso soup.  I ordered about 4 rolls too, but my favorite was the Monster roll! The flavors were perfect! The service is decent, and the staff is usually always friendly. For dessert, I prefer the fried green tea I've cream or plain green tea. So delicious! I'll definitely be back!
4	Food is great, service was good and the atmosphere is casual and cute. Rolls were fresh and tasty and you can't beat the price for their ayce. I've been here a few times before and I'll definitely return again.
1	by far the rudest staff and most unprofessional service. would never recommend this to a friend I wanted to keep.
3	One of my favorite sushi spots because it actually looks fairly nice inside. Can't stand restaurants who don't take pride in their atmosphere. Food was good as usual. Only issue issue I have is with front if house service. Not terrible. Just needs improvement.
5	3 visits at different times of day and different days.  Always top quality.Treat yourself and ask for their Chef's suggestions (not wait staff).Newbie's to Japanese food need not fear anything weird.  Be upfront and straightforward, and they will guide you.As other reviews also mention, family friendly.  The locale is not too large, so that the atmosphere is intimate, yet not crowded.Quality and pride throughout, just take a look at their version of a Lobster Roll.
2	Although the food is tasty the menu is unclear and the "alll you can eat" is hardly all you can eat!! There are loop holes all over the menu that limit what you can choose and how much you can have!  The dessert is apparently one item per person although it is not stated anywhere!! In addition there are items reserved for dinner only but it is listed nowhere on the menu that they are off limits for lunch. I will not be visiting this establishment in the future.
5	awesome sushi and great staff! the Orange blossom roll is amazing, have to give a try!
4	This is the third time we have eaten here. Once again the food was incredibly fresh. We did AYCE and it was delicious. I had a spicy tuna salad , cold soba noodles and a Tuna Lover 'a Roll . All good! My husband checked in and got a free Sapporo. This place has been consistently good- service and food wise.
5	Always loved how their food always tasted fresh...they have a new menu. They kept my favorite roll, DJ Special. I am hoping they did not change their standards and just expanded their menu. AYCE is still available...more reviews to come.
2	Well, I USED to be obsessed with this place. I didn't come in for about a month and on my recent visit, everything was different. The menu changed and they took off a lot of my favorite rolls. Didn't seem like there were as many options as before. The saddest part of my visit was that they no longer have the all you can drink draft beer as an add on for all you can eat.  To be honest that's one of the main reasons we would all come here, because who wants to pay $7 for ONE beer when you can pay $4.99 for all you can drink draft Sapporo?! Nobody, that's who! Needless to say, I probably won't be frequenting this location anymore. There's plenty of other good sushi restaurants with cheaper AYCE and alcohol specials. Yes they're farther from my house but this place has lost its luster. If it was still the awesome Sushi Bomb I knew and loved, we would still all be going there!
3	Ugh, WHAT HAPPENED TO YOU?!Me and a girlfriend would always come here for good sushi when Sushi Kaya down in Chinatown started to fall off (they've recovered) and Sushi Bomb was always so good! Something happened recently where they took a lot of the rolls I loved, off the menu. We would always go inside and eat for lunch or dinner. It was a hit or miss. The food was always on point which is great, but the service in there was always horrid. Sometimes we'd wait 15 minutes before our waters were refilled in a restaurant of only 3 small filled tables. Unacceptable There was even a day when every single table was not bussed of the previous diner's dishes that we had no choice but to sit at the bar and then new customers wouldn't have anywhere to sit! It was gross being surrounded by plates and half eaten food. So, I started getting it to go. The food was still good I just didn't want to deal with the in house situation. Well they've managed to disappoint me there too. It's always hard to order take out when the restaurant doesn't have a website or a current menu posted anywhere online. I always a specific roll and the past three times they've forgotten the sauce that goes on top. Last time they also forgot the ginger and wasabi. (which I actually use) NOW, all that being said, I somehow still recommend it. They've expanded their menu a bit and have a lot of options besides just sushi. Good to take kids to, people that don't like raw fish, and good for groups. Maybe it's just the time I go, but it looks look a couple staff members may have changed. BUT if you do take out, I'd recommend that you tell them to keep your food in a fridge because they will leave it right at the register if you show up 15, 20, or 30 minutes after it's prepared. Raw fish+room temp= a big no no.
3	Pretty good. Had better, but good enough and I like the idea of the all-you-can-eat. My 2 year old actually liked the food and she doesn't eat anything! Recommended.
2	Good food, bad service. It's very hard for me to return to places with bad service. There are plenty of other sushi places I can go and not wait 47 minutes to get the check and/or a water refill. Probably won't be returning.
2	What happened?! Sushi bomb used to be great. Hate the new menu layout, my favorite roll is gone, I would have paid more for the old menu and quality of fish. Almost gagged when I was served bad uni. SO SO SAD!
3	I wasn't sure how many stars to give. The FOOD is great. Love the X girlfriend roll. However the service is TERRIBLE. Been here many times and every time I get the same grumpy would rather not be here service. I will probably not be going back.
5	This is my favorite all you can eat sushi spot. The food is always consistent, unlike other places that are not always fresh. They also have unique rolls that other spots don't have. Unfortunately, I live in Henderson and it's on the opposite side of town.
5	My co worker and I go here often. Prices are reasonable! Good food and service!  Highly recommend it!! Lunch specials are awesome!!
4	Update :   Would like to point out, that I am no fan of all you can eat, all you can drink, which some others list as their main reason for coming here.Ask the chefs for their recommendations, based on the freshest ingredients, and you will not be disappointed.The new menu tries to go a bit beyond California Roll, and if you are able to indicate to the chefs the flavors you like, they will deliver.  Be a bit bold, try something new, and understand that on your way, you may discover new favorites, as well as definitive No's.
5	Great food plus good prices and clean friendly environment.  Love the hot and spicy edamame.
1	Sushi was OK but the service was terrible. Me and my group were rushed to order, hostess was extremely rude, and had to wait 10 minutes before we even got our service. Not worth the price.
1	Food was good but because we had 10 pieces of sushi left we were charged. We ate most of everything and there was not even close to a full roll left. We only ordered 3 rolls a piece so it wasn't like we over ordered. They lost two good customers because of this nonsense.
2	This place used to be "the bomb", but I am not sure if ownership changed because primarily customer service is rude and the food kind of sucks. I used to almost on a weekly basis order a shrimp tempura roll and gladly pay the ten bux for that one roll because it was so satisfying. The last few times I have gone, stuff has tasted weird and I get the skinniest rolls with almost no topping on them. I am really bummed becasue it is right up the street from me, but I don't care to spend my money or time getting mediocre food and service. The chefs used to be so friendly and now they seem annoyed which really affects food quality
1	Told them we had a few people meeting us in a few minutes, they wouldn't serve us until everyone was there. Apparently they time you to the second and it'd be too hard to figure out.Ridiculously unyielding. Will not add or substitute anything. For instance, they have an avocado asparagus roll yet will not add either to a menu item.Had a couple people in our party ordering ayce and a younger teenager ordering ala cart. The appetizer portions are different sizes depending on how you order. The waitress freaked when the teenager started eating the wrong order.........didn't make sense, especially since the ayce order was smaller!!!Sasa Sushi is just a few miles down the road, a place where the staff is waaay more friendly and they aren't worried about customizing an order for you.
4	I come in here literally every week & I love it. It's my go to sushi place nearby. Except the last 2 months so recently the prices went up & the rolls got somewhat smaller so that's quite disappointing.
3	If you are looking for great sushi, definitely give this place a try!  The menu is extensive, the food is delicious, and the wait staff for most part is friendly, but the best part...it's all you can eat.  We eat there more often than we should (at least once per week),  but it's hard to resist, and we've never had a bad experience.  I would recommend lunch or an early dinner visit, because the restaurant fills up quickly, and you may have to wait a bit to place another order if you are doing all you can eat.
3	Okay so I only go here in a bind when my favorite sushi restaurant is closed because my favorite sushi restaurant I'm Sundays doesn't open until I want to say 4 PM well I came here and I got the unlimited all-you-can-eat sushi which sometimes I don't get it but lately I've been doing that restaurant and I got thee coconut shrimp sushi roll what I was doing the all you can eat one night and I would go back again and again just for this coconut roll shrimp now the  sauce they put on the Coconut Shrimp has a unique texture to it so I'll let you figure it out on your own what you think of the sauce when you see it on your plate and feel it in your mouth but it is amazing .... amazing nothing compares to this roll everything else is just ordinary but this roll is mind boggling
4	Cozy little sushi joint with great decor and friendly staff. The wooden wall gives an added ambiance to enjoy your dining experience. Yummy sushi to make my tummy happy AND so close to home for an added home run!
1	I wish there was a 0 stars!!! Got here 1 hour before closing and still got horrible service some food never got to the table and we were hurried to finish our food because they had to leave???!!!!! I work I. The industry and this is horrible customer service!!!! Dessert was out oft he question since it's 950 pm and they close at ppm, huh???? Will never cone back here
1	Ok so Im here with family my sister is the manager at a major restaurant on the strip. I have more thank than 10 years in the industry. And by far I have one of the worst experiences in a very long time. So we Hager there at 9 pm and hour prior closing and the told us that we only have 30 min. To order. So we ordered apps. And told the waitress to tell us when last call is so we can order sushi. We got AYCE $27 which is expensive for a neighborhood restaurant. But we all though I has to be really good......well it wasn't! All you can eat doesn't include a lot! Of things like most AYCE include. We were rushes the whole hour we were there...they did not bring every we ordered and at the end they still rushed us out and it wasn't 10pm yet. Truthfully I will never be back again and I will tell anybody on my neighborhood of the experienced we all had.
4	Great service!,Variety of rolls,fresh and tasty. Banana roll is definitely different but good. Mexican roll with a touch of Habanero is goodSpicy!!but gets your taste buds going. I enjoyed all food. All you can eat can't beat the deal.!!
5	New Year's Day sushi with fam. Very fresh sushi and sauces today. Red rock roll looks big but it is actually quite light and tasty. Salmon sushi along with the garlic and Cajun sushi were excellent today.
