4	I recently stayed in the brick room and found it to be a great experience.  The room was spacious, and clean, as was the bathroom and kitchenette.  The bed was really comfortable!  Made it hard to get up in the morning.The owners were very cool and helpful with advice on where to go.The morning continental breakfast was very good as well (though we decided to eat in our room).It's located within walking distance of lots of great places to eat and drink as well.Make sure you ask for the $5 a day parking pass.
3	We stayed here for a night in May, and it was a pretty nice place.  I've never stayed in a bed and breakfast before, and so part of the experience was just doing that for the first time.  I'm going to break the review down into two parts to talk about what I didn't like and what I liked.What I didn't like:The "cot" they put in the room.  We got a room with one bed but asked for a cot, which they assured us would not be a problem.  Upon arriving, however, we discovered that the "cot" was actually a mattress pad (the kind you buy to make your lousy dorm mattress tolerable) on the floor.  That wasn't very fun to sleep on.The uneven floors.  It's lovely that the place has charm, and I really liked the feel of the room.  At the same time, I don't want to kill myself getting up in the middle of the night because there are three dips and a lip between my spot on the floor and the toilet.Lastly, I've never seen a kitchen that was so small that you literally (and I mean literally) can't turn around in it.  If you wanted to cook in there, I have no idea how you would manage unless you were also an acrobat.What I liked:The breakfast was nice, and I saw people chit-chatting with strangers, so that's cool if that's up your alley.  It's not homemade.  She heats up bagels and pastries and the like that've been purchased and frozen, but I'm not a snob about breakfast and so this was really nice for me.  Warm croissants, even ones from Costco, are fine by me.Air conditioning like nobody's business in your room, and pretty good TV (we were there during the Stanley Cup finals, otherwise this would not have been something that concerned us).They let us leave our bags there because we arrived early, so we didn't have to schlep them across the city.I think that the room would have been perfect had we been a couple or a single person.  And had neither of us needed to get up at night to use the washroom and stub toes and trip on the way.
4	This place is super cute! My sister and I stayed here on a three-day, two-night stay to Montreal, and we felt like we were actually living in the city as opposed to visiting.I considered a number of places to stay in Montreal, and I don't usually think about staying in a B&B, but I chose this place for three reasons: location, character, and price.Location: This B&B is about two blocks away from McGill University in a residential neighborhood that is convenient to Downtown, Vieux Montreal, Plateau, and Parc Mont Royal. Being in Montreal for three days, I wanted a convenient, centralized base from which we could explore all of the neighborhoods. Being in Vieux Montreal or Downtown would mean a crazy trek to get to Plateau or Mile End, and vice-versa. With this location, we could do Vieux Quebec in the morning, come home late afternoon to refresh and change, and then go out to Mile End in the evening.The residential neighborhood that this B&B is in also has a ton of character. Most of the buildings are beautiful, historic stone buildings. There were a lot of students around, who clearly rent apartments in the large buildings. Eateries were only a few blocks away, but the street we were on was quiet and residential.Character: When I stay at a hotel, it's important to me that it has character. For that reason, I was attracted to some of the auberges in Vieux Montreal - but unfortunately, those didn't work for me in terms of location or price. The University B&B is stunning from the outside - a beautiful, grey stone building. On the inside, it's eclectic and cute. Not the way I would ever decorate my home, but it totally worked for me as a place to stay for a few days. The building is divided into two halves - one half has the office and two or three rooms, and the other half has six rooms. We were in the half with six rooms, on the third floor. We were given a key to get us into that side of the building, as well as a room key.Our room - the Red Room - was like a cute small apartment decorated by an eclectic grandmother. It had a small kitchenette (fridge, stove, sink), small living area with a sofa and a breakfast bar that was open between the living area and the bedroom, which featured two twin beds, as well as a spacious closet. The bathroom was tiny, with just enough room for a small sink, toilet, and shower. We also had a back porch! The living area featured exposed brick walls (yes!). I live in a small apartment, so the size of this place was no shock to me. It makes a great B&B room for a couple people, or it would make a great apartment for a single person. (My sister and I could both imagine ourselves living right there!). The room had great amenities, including an A/C unit that worked well, a high-quality iron, a large flat-screen TV, and an iPod/iPhone dock alarm clock/music player.Price: The price of this place really sweetened the deal for me. Hotels in Montreal are expensive during the summer and become even more expensive once you add Canadian sales tax onto the hotel price. This place came out to be a good $75-$100 cheaper than most other hotels with good reviews and character.So, on those three factors alone, this place was perfect for us. Other notes:Staff: The staff who helped us out were friendly and helpful. They were both young women (college aged, probably).Breakfast: Breakfast is served in the office, which also serves as a kitchen and dining area. There was a nice selection of cereal, yogurt, hard boiled eggs, fruit, bagels/pastries/toast, and drinks. It wasn't as fancy as some B&B breakfasts I've experienced, but it was healthy and filling with a good selection.Wifi: The free wifi was okay. It had the tendency to go down randomly, but in those cases it was usually back within five minutes. The speed was decent when it was working. Probably not the place to try to do business work, but in terms of browsing and email, it was fine.Parking: The B&B has three garage parking spaces, which you book online head of time for $15/night. There is street parking, but I didn't want to have to worry about hunting for a place and paying attention to street parking rules. The garage parking was hassle-free. I got the instructions ahead of time, so once I found the place, I pulled right into the garage, where we could unload our bags. It was proper European-style parking, where there's barely enough room for the driver to get into the car when its wedged between the other ones, but that's largely because my car was stuck between a huge pickup truck and a van. Still, great to just be able to park my car there and forget about it until check-out time (although if I'd wanted to, I could have taken it out).One thing to note is that it's a decently steep flight of stairs to get up to the third floor (there's no elevator), so if you're elderly or won't be up for it, then be sure to get a room on a lower floor.
4	I loved the stay here! I may be biased because we got engaged on our first trip, but we returned to stay again at University Bed and Breakfast. The room is adorable (definitely a fan of the exposed brick), bed was SUPER comfortable (yay pillow tops), and the space overall was clean and cozy. We had a (non-working) fireplace in our room, which adds to the charm. Breakfast was simple but delicious (yummy coffee, juice, and croissants with nutella for me, but you can get a Montreal-style bagel or the usual yogurt, cereal, granola, etc too). It's a great launch-pad to walk out and explore the city, and while parking on the street can be a pain at certain times, it's possible to do. Just watch for those street cleaning hours!
1	A very poorly run youth hostel.  The staff is unprofessional, the rooms are small and poorly designed.  The bathroom is shared with 5 rooms.  The breakfast is just continental, nothing substantial.  I have never been so glad to leave a hotel or B&B.  I go to Montreal often and would never stay there again.
4	This was a GREAT place to stay when we were visiting Montreal for a long weekend. VERY reasonably priced. We stayed in the Greystone Suite (2 people, with a private bathroom), and were so comfortable - we wished we could've stayed in Montreal for much longer! There's a little kitchenette area in the suite, as well as a decently sized living room, and the bedroom was decorated in a nice, cute/simple fashion. Since we were interested in experiencing the food of Montreal, we had already chosen a few bakeries/restaurants for breakfast, so unfortunately did not sample the breakfast that they had here. The kitchen was very cute and cozy, though! And the breakfast selection looked very nice, with freshly baked things, fruit, etc! The atmosphere around this B&B - McGill, Blvd Saint Laurent, Mt Royal Park, etc. - is great, and so surprising that everything's located just a walk away! The closest metro was probably located about 5-7 minutes away.Parking went pretty smoothly. They have a pretty small garage that has 3 parking spots, which (in the best of your interest..) you should book at the same time that you book your room reservation. The spots are a bit tight to park in, but for  just $15/day, it's nice to be assured that your car is safe. We were able to get the garage parking for all but one night of our stay, but we still managed to find a parking spot on the street, right across from the B&B.
3	This place is cute! You have to temper your expectations though and not expect a hotel or an inn. This is a combination B&B and hostel type of place. The people working here are friendly, the design in all of the rooms is quaint and charming. I am surprised that it's so expensive (~$200/night during the weekends), especially since you don't really get any of the perks of a hotel (like daily cleaning or new towels, etc.), but from what I've seen, I think Montreal lodging just comes up expensive.The door to the main building (where the office and breakfast can be found) closes @ 6pm, so make sure to arrive before then or arrange something with the owner/employees to get in after that time. The other door leading to the other building shares a common hallway, but requires a key to enter at all times. If you check out but still have time before your flight, they let you leave your luggage in the main room to pick up before 6pm. The floors are thin and the place is older, so you can definitely hear creaking and footsteps if they have shoes on. You can hear people talking in the hallways but all in all they have notes that remind people to stay quieter and to be respectful of neighbors, which for the most part everyone seems to do. Some of the apartments also have kitchens, but make sure to let them know in advance if you're planning on cooking. The breakfasts, as others have mentioned, is more continental than the typical hot, custom breakfasts you can get at actual B&Bs. It's in a pretty good location - about 5-10 blocks away from most metros and cabs and is right next to some great spots like Park Mont Royal and St. Laurent. Mind, you'll have to walk some, but they're all in pretty good walking distance if you enjoy walking.
1	to be fair, this place is pretty nice with its convenient location and cutely decorated rooms. HOWEVER, theres a few major problems that i've had1) there was no room service at all. only the trash was taken out on the first day and that was done upon request. 2) it gets very noisy because the house is not very sound-proof. Even the sound of someone walking in the hallway can be heard very clearly in our room 3) the receptionist was very rude and unprofessional; there was a mistake in our reservation so the check out date was somehow one day earlier than our plan. The receptionist called us and basically told us that we had to move out in a very rude way, claiming that there was "absolutely no way" we could've made the reservation. When we went to sort the situation out, she said it had nothing to do with her and that the mistake was on our part. When I told her that she was being extremely rude, she crossed her arm and said sarcastically "how do you want me to talk to you?". Overall, very unpleasant, would never stay again.
