4	The concept of this store is really cool. You bring in a bag of clothes (or if you only have a few items, you are welcome to bring those in too) and pay $20. Then, you get to fill up you bag with anything you want from the store. You get however much you bring. Upshift does not buy any product from outside vendor; all the merchandise in their store is from their customers. The store itself is very small and cramped. The clothes are very loosely organized by color and size. There are two changing rooms and not really a good way to tell if someone is using them or not. On the first Thursday of every month, they do a 2 for 1 special where if you bring a friend, she can get in for free (or you each pay $10). They do also purport to offer free Franzia to shoppers, although I did not partake.The selection is about on par with what you would find at Goodwill or St. Vinny's. If you bring in clothing/accessories and don't find anything that day or don't have time to shop, they will give you a credit that you can use on a future date. Worth checking out at least once. Buy local!
4	I love resale/thrift stores and I love cleaning out my closets. That being said I love the idea of Upshift. I do most of my shopping at 2nd hand stores and was excited to check this place out. Their clothing exchange concept sounds really cool and the pictures of their merchandise on Facebook looked cool. I walked in with 2 bags of clothing and walked out with nothing. Major disappointment, but I know customers are at the mercy of what's in stock and it changes daily.  Got a store credit and plan on checking it out again soon.  There were a few things that made shopping a little bit difficult though. The clothes are arranged by color so you have dig through everything thing to find your size. Also seasons are all mixed together so you will find sweaters hanging with tank tops or skirts mixed with pants. The clothes were also crammed on the racks making it hard to sort through and they also swung back and forth, which was a little bit dizzying. A lot of things were hidden too, like shoes on the floor under hanging clothes or stacks of shirts folded on a low a shelf not in eye's view. I know space is limited, but would be more shopper friendly if things were arranged by size and color along with summer clothes in one spot and winter clothes in another. In some ways it felt like shopping in a nicely decorated dig and save outlet. Bottom line, really neat store, just plan on allowing enough time to look through everything.
1	I really wanted to like this place because the concept is great. But I was extremely disappointed with everything about the shop when I went there last weekend. It is super tiny and cramped inside. I could barely move around. I expected the items to be of higher quality and in better condition than they were. The clothing was what you would find at an average thrift store; faded, used items that were low quality to begin with. I thought the clothing would be nicer since this place seems to cater to a classy clientele. Also, there were almost no items in my size (womens size 10). However, the styling on the displays was put together very well.I hope I was just there on a bad day, since the other reviews seem to be positive. But I won't be going back.
