1	I am forced to give this "company" one star, but if I could I would do ZERO. The person we have dealt with for nearly a year (Genette Edwards) has been lying to us since before we moved in.My husband and I chose a nice house in a gated Gilbert community to lease until we were sure we wanted to buy here, now we wish we hadn't. We are paying an exorbitant amount of rent for supposed all inclusive (its in our lease) landscaping and pool service (read my review for Poolman). They picked the crappiest companies they could find for this. We are paying roughly $300 a month over market value for this rental and they are pocketing over $200 of that; Poolman is worthless and the no name, non-english speaking landscapers only show up once a month to raze the lawn to the roots or farther. We have the worst looking yard in this neighborhood.This woman told us she had had the locks changed before we moved in. While my husband was out of town a few weeks ago and I was here alone, someone broke into this house USING A KEY! I had a locksmith who's been in the business for over 20 years come out and he told me the locks on this place (which has been a rental for years) have NEVER been changed. They were the contractors master locks from when the house was BUILT in 2001. She then had the nerve to tell me the LOCKSMITH was lying to me!At this point they have violated our lease no less than 12 times in the last 9 months. On the up side, we never have to deal with them again once we move.HORRIBLE COMPANY!!! DON'T RENT FROM THEM!!!
1	If your looking to hire AZ Elite to manage your property, take the money you would pay them and flush it down the toilet -- you'll get the same results.In short, regarding my property they were "managing" for a year and a half:- They were supposed to have the tenant sign a "no smoking" agreement -- they didn't.- They were supposed to have the tenant disclose any pets -- they didn't.- Apparently, they didn't have them sign a lease come renewal time, either -- just let it roll, baby!- They seemingly let the tenant pay whatever they wanted for rent and would not respond to my inquiries about the matter.But in all fairness, they weren't only neglecting me, their client -- they ignored the tenants, too, when they requested maintenance on the house.
1	they do not pay their billls coution if you're vendor do not trust this company they do not pay .
1	Very Unprofessional!  Absolutely the worst customer service in the business.On several occasions Arizona Elite Properties only sent a partial payment from my tenant who has paid in full. While the property manager receives his full commission even though it's based on a percentage of my income. Huh?  Calling the office for answers is very, very painful as the office personnel are completely in the dark and know nothing. Of course getting the property manager to call or email with explanations or updates is out of the question..  He just sits back and picks up his commission check. That's all he does.
1	I believe this is the same Arizona Elite Property in Gilbert,  AZ. This company is the shadiest,  most irresponsible company I've ever dealt with. They made agreements with my tenant without checking with me or even imforming me, and although my tenant paid on time, they withheld my money for almost two months. They deducted so many fees that I barely made any money on my first month's rent. Literally dozens of calls and emails got me nothing,  until finally, the person managing my acct,  who clearly knew nothing about rental property mgmt, told me if I didn't like how they were doing we could end the contract early. Thank God! Having this company manage my house was a thousand times worse than doing it myself. The owner/CEO, I don't know what he is,  Robert Kline never returned a single email or answered a single question or request despite the office people's assurance he would respond and make things right. Use a neighborhood teen to manage your property before you is this company!
