1	We were SO HAPPY to see this  new and seemingly hip pizza place in our neighborhood, it looked like a great idea and the menu was appealing. Now before you read this, know that we are fine palates but not picky eaters by a long shot, we love our St-Henri Greasy spoons and have a sweet tooth too.We ordered a goat cheese salad that came with a few lumps of goat-cheese like paste on some pizza dough bread, this toppered some tossed baby green with a sprinkling of walnuts and dried cranberries. The dressing tasted like commercial raspberry vinegar fare. Meh !The pizzas we ordered were disappointing too. The spinach topping of the "white" pizza ran watery and flavorless, no salt or pepper could help it, bland as bland. The second, cheese and proscuito, was barely edible. The various cheeses molten into an oily crust that was heavy on the tummy and had even less taste, the proscuito did nothing to help, it was toast and dried crumbling into bits like bacon.Our dessert hopes were also dashed by the Chocolate Fondant. How can chocolate be dissapointing ? We wondered too. But the minuscule fondant came in a cardboard boat, it was sunk deep like it had deflated and filled only half the container. despite this, the other half still ended up in the trash as the concoction is sickeningly sweet, so much so that the chocolate taste is completely overpowered. A drizzle of raspberry coulis did nothing to help, I thought I should have had the coulis with a spoon and forgone the cake !All in all we were out $65 after tips for what is not even gourmet pizza. We should have headed to any local fast food joint and have anything our hearts desired...it would have been tastier and cheaper.
4	Well, you might be little too surprised by my 4 stars for this place but it was - surprisingly :P First star for the service - the guy at the counter was super friendly but not overly and helpful.  He even said bye when his shift was ended.  The second star for the price and special offer on monday to wednesday; second pizza 50% off, we didn't know that but the server told us, how nice of him :).  The thrid star for the music.  The interior (as you can guess?) is like nice green painted wall with nothing on it so it's kinda place that if the door is closed, all the music could bounce back to your ears but fortunately all the door was open, additionaly to that the music was nice.  I thought I'd hear obnoxious pop or rap( it looked like that kind of place you'd hear those music) but I heard soft jazz like Diane Kroll and etc.  We, my husband and i, could have nice conversation and read books and magazine while we were waiting for the pizza.The fourth star for the pizza.  Nothing to complain about.  We ordered Habs and Carbonara, all were good.  The dough was exceptionally good- when you pick up the pizza it stayed almost straight, isn't it how you see if it's good dough?  The topping was generous but not overly too much - I really appriciate it when the pizza has all the toppings evenly spread on the pizza dough.  They were all delicious.  How do I know?  Before we had long walk- about one hour? :P or little more, we had huge falafel wrap at home for dinner and had the pizza after one pint of beer at the Terrasse St. Amboise~!!I could give 5 stars I suppose but after paris trip and gave 5 stars for L'arpege, I couldn't let myself to give 5 stars to this place..... now I have even more high standard!Oh!  and just you know, we decided to give a try because of the huge selection of hot sauces on the counter.  I am a hot sauce person so it was extremly intriguing- I wanted to taste the pizza just itself so I didn't pour all the hot sauces over but next time I willThey use a cute green electric scooter for the delivery.  Very quiet and nice!
4	Gluten-free pizza, boys and girls! And you'd never know the difference, other than the fact that it's more delicious than regular pizza. I'd categorize these pizzas as definitely gourmet, due to the high end ingredients and unique combinations. It's a small franchise and I hope it keeps growing, because it's the best pizza I've had in the city. This is a jewel in the heart of the grittiest part of Saint-Henri, not far from other unassuming hotspots like Grumman 78. I say it's unassuming because many a night, you can go in (say, on a Sunday night) and have the place completely to yourself. It's airy, cozy and clean, lots of candles and a big, beautiful painting on the back wall that I'd love to own. We have always been treated very well by the staff here, always felt comfortable and like we belonged.
