3	We had another UFC party at the house, so I ordered pizza from Papa John's this time.  The pizza arrived on time, HOT, and good.  We got 4 pizzas:The WorksThe MeatPapa John's SpecialThree CheesesEveryone inhaled all the pizza!
1	Ordered an XL pizza last night for the kids...this was the smallest XL pizza I have ever seen!!! I even called to make sure that it was the right size, and was told that they were positive that we got the XL. It was not that great, and was not worth almost $20. Will not order from them again.
1	Also found out that the day I ordered my pizza ( Tuesday ) they have buy one get one free pizza if you buy a large or Xlarge...but because I did not specifically ask for it, they did not offer it. This is bad business folks..another reason I will not order from them again :(
3	I love their pizza but half the pizza dough is undercooked. =( I decided to switch back to Domino Pizza, I like thin Brooklyn style dough better.
4	As far as Pizza places go, not including the private mom & pop places I would prefer to frequent, this is certainly the better of the chain establishments.  A Pizza Place would not normally be an establishment I would rate but their service demands it, so here we go. After signing up for their web alerts and getting coupons, specials and some pretty amazing deals, I am sold on their ability and desire to keep the customers happy and returning regularly.  Last week, I received an alert that I had won a pizza in their weekly give away so I decided to use the awarded points immediately and get a pizza and some wings.  Ordering on line is simple and a confirmation email is always sent.  Their site is user friendly and seems to offer everything needed to have a complete meal.  Getting there was fast and the most impressive thing was that when I arrived, the complete order was ready, no waiting and I was out in under 30 seconds.  Back at the office, it was re checked and nothing was missing.  Perfect.  That day we chose a Chicken and Pineapple pie, extra sauce, square cut, and normal bake time. A side of 10 wings was also added along with two dipping sauces.  All of it was great.  The perfect lunch that left me wanting to tell the world of the experience.  My recommendations are this:  Go to their website and sign up.   It costs nothing, coupons are constantly sent and its easy to use.  The other thing is you receive point-credits for each pizza ordered.  They add up and you get free pizza's for it.  Who could ask for anything better?  4 out of 5 stars as its no gourmet place, just inexpensive, hot, fast and delicious chain store pizza.Enjoy!
1	Placed an order Sunday evening and was told it would be 30-40 minutes before the pizza arrived. It took 1 hour and 15 minutes (75 minutes) to receive the pizza and when we got it you could tell it had been sitting for a long time and was cold. We ordered pizza, chicken and cheesy-bread and it was almost inedible. I called and the girl that answered seemed annoyed that I was upset about a 75 minute delivery when I was told 30-40 minutes.
1	I won't be going back anytime soon.We have ordered from Papa John's numerous times in the past and they generally do an OK job. However, my last few visits to Papa John's the customer service has been poor and the pizza has been cold,soggy, and inedible.On this particular occasion I placed a phone order to be picked up at 4pm. I thought 50% off, can't go wrong with that. So I ordered pizza for everyone. 1 large thin crust pepperoni, sausage, and bacon.2  medium original crust pepperoni pizzas.  I Arrived at the store at 403.  The store was empty but the empoyees were busy. I waited by the front counter even tho several employees looked at me not one acknowledged I was there for 5 minutes.  Finally,  a employee came up to the counter and assisted me. As a I paid for my order and grabbed my pizzas I noticed that the top boxes were hot but the bottom box was cold.  I asked the cashier if the pizza was sitting out very long and she replied " I'm not sure but I don't think so". I opened the cold box of pizza and the pizza looked unappetizing and old.The employee offered to make a pizza replacement.   So I was left with the decision to wait 15 minutes for one new pizza and allow the two other pizzas to get cold.  So I  made the decission and waited. Once my pizza was ready I headed home.The large pizza was good the two pepperoni pizza were absolutely terrible.  The pizza were now cold, soggy , and once again unappetizing.  No one ate the pizza and they went straight to the trash.  There are a variety of pizza restaurants in my neighborhood and even though they do not offer 50 percent off. I still consider them a better option. I won't be going back to Papa Johns anytime soon.
4	Ordered Papa John's for lunch yesterday. Two medium one topping pizzas for $15. We got pepperoni and a 3-cheese blend. I think it was about 30 minutes for delivery (although it felt longer). Pizza was delicious! Hot, soft crust, melty cheese. Yum! Great leftovers too.
2	Placed my order online Saturday night and chose to use one of their "special offers." Coupon read "1 med & 1 2 liter for $13. Ordered a medium. 2 topping for carry out. The total was $15.99. I called to tell them I didn't receive the discount and an arrogant young lady said "the discount has been added, the total was $14.49 and $1.50 for tax. I explained the deal was $13. I told her I'd show her what's on their website when I picked up the pizza. She looked at the coupon and said well, it's for a 1 topping. Really? Cause it doesn't mention anything about any amount of toppings. It reads 1 med pizza. The other offers specify, but not this one. She refused to honor the $13 deal. I know it's only $1.49, but the mistake was definately theirs and these know it all employees should realize that the customers are the reason they get a paycheck. I do like their pizza, that's why I gave 2 stars. Not the first rude employee from this company. No wonder the other store near us closed. It wasn't exactly busy for a Saturday night, either. Keep up the great attitude! I know I won't be back.
