5	I take Salsa, Bachata and Tango classes here ever Sunday night. I love this place. All classes are $5 dollars and we have a blast. They have a schedule on their website. They offer so many classes that everyone can find something they like here. Terry is the owner and he teaches some classes. Our instructor Miguel teaches the Salsa and Bachata.  Get your dancing shoes on. It's addicting.
4	I came here for the first time on a Tuesday night to learn the East Cost Swing.  I was filled with trepidation.  I found it hard to imagine how one could learn an entire dance in thirty minute's time, and then be expected to swing around the dance floor with swing savvy partners.There are two types of people in the dancing world: those that can and those that can't.  When you possess a natural rhythm, you can always improvise if you know what an eight count is.  If you have no rhythm, no amount of improvisation will make you or your partner look good.FatCat is one of those places where novice and expert come together for a swingin' good time.Among the many other styles of dance classes offered here, ranging from 5-7 dollars a night, Tuesday night is Swing dancing night.My partner and I arrived at 7:30PM.  The ballroom was filled with about 150 people.  A male and female instructor came out in the middle of our circle and began the instruction with the simple art of bouncing from one foot to the other, stepping back, triple stepping to the left and right.  Once we had the steps down, turns were implemented, then came the twirls, and I marveled at how easy it was.  As we were encouraged to practice with a partner, the large circle of swinging hopefuls rotated after each new step learned.  This increased the anxiety level for me, as I had to get to know a new dance partner every minute.  However, the upside of this is that each new partner taught me something new, and I learned for the first time how to let somebody lead.  Gentle hint for the men out there: The pressure is on you.  You have to know how to lead the woman.  If she doesn't know what she's doing, like I did, you need to know how to guide and coach her through the steps.  (Which worked wonders for me)There was such an eclectic mix of people there.  Young and old, as well as varying cultural and ethnic backgrounds.Within a half hour, the instructor felt we were ready to embrace the dance floor.  The invitation was open to seek out a new partner, or find our old one amidst the sweating bodies.The music makes you feel like you are on the set of "Swing Kids," the jazz is two and three-step, which gives you no other choice than to wear yourself out.  In the crowd you will spy guys and gals dressed in jazzy clothes, swinging around the dance floor.  It is great entertainment, great exercise, and such a fun date!
4	30 minutes to learn Salsa?  My husband and I sure did.  The owner was teaching, and he did a fabulous job!  The energy is great here and the owner would even come around and grab people and show them the steps.  He handled a room full of people very well!  For $5 try it out.    No sign up fee's or anything!  A+
4	If you like to dance it's hard to go wrong by going to Fatcat. The location is strange -- in a strip mall between two big stores. Once you are inside you don't care what's outside. The wood floor is very large and well maintained. They have plenty of room to sit around to spectate, socialize, rest, or perhaps put on dance shoes. The West Coast Swing lessons on Thursday night with Mona Brandt are first rate -- and after the lessons they open the floor up for dancing. The music had enough variety to dance many styles of dance. One of the best things is that nobody says no when they are asked to dance.Most group lessons and open dance are $7 for everything. The Saturday night ballroom party is first rate. Good music, good snacks, and most importantly lots of competant dancers for every style of music. Usually it's $5 for the entire evening. Fatcat is staffed with good (but not great) dance instructors so you can't go wrong taking lessons with most of them. The group lessons range from OK to not-so-great. Most of the time the instructor tries to be entertaining but that detracts from his teaching. He teaches moves far too fast for the average ability level of the classes so the lessons are mostly train wrecks.Fatcat is more of a dance community than just a commercial dance studio.
1	Went here last Saturday, June 30 for the "party." Dance of the night was the Viennese Waltz, something I had not learned yet. I liked the challenge, but they expect you to know five moves in 90 minutes. Some people need more time than this. No separation of groups who had not done this dance before. Upon having to rotate partners, two decided to correct my hold without asking or saying anything. Through the course of the night, you find out that the "teachers" are students who go through different levels of instruction which culminate in a teaching position. Never again will I go here, I'll stick with the awesome instructors and techniques at Fred Astaire In Chandler.
3	I'm going to have to knock Factcat down a notch because they have been slipping  lately. Everything I said in the previous review still applies, but:* They are giving an increasing number of showcase dances during primetime dancing. Most of these shows feature mediocre talent that nobody but a captive audience would want to watch. Most people come there to dance -- not to watch novice students practicing basic dance routines.* Group lessons are often atrocious. Too much time is spent telling jokes and acting like jesters. In the meantime very little learning takes place. Many people are starting to suspect the lessons are there to advertise to the public how little they know so that they will take expensive private lessons. * Rotations during group lessons aren't consistent, and increasing numbers of couples who won't rotate get in the way of those who do. * Beginners are allowed to take the intermediate class. This might be OK except that the majority of the class are beginners, so the more experienced dancers end having to practice routines with people who can't follow the lesson. * So much emphasis is put on the male lead that the women don't learn their part. It's just assumed that women are like a sack of potatoes that don't have to know how to dance as long as the men know how to lead them. Ladies: sorry to bust your Fatcat bubble but you do have to learn how to do your part for each dance genre. * The dance patterns are complicated, and often too difficult for the skill levels of the dancers at the group lessons. So, men don't learn how to throw their sack of potatoes around (see previous bullet), and everyone has a TRAIN WRECK.* There is a lot of gossip about the qualifications of the instructors. They need to work on credibility.Fatcat is a wonderful studio that is more of a community than the chain dance studios can provide. Please don't let my criticisms deter you from checking it out -- especially Saturday night because the ballroom party is excellent. That said, Fatcat survives because of a lack of serious competition. If a well run large studio ever opens up in that part of town Fatcat could become RoadKill.
2	I was passing through Phoenix on a Friday night and decided to check out this studio. I've danced for many years and taken a lot of dance classes and was very disappointed with both the lesson and the dance afterwards. I pretty much agree with everything Clubber Z said about the lessons: bad instruction, beginners in intermediate classes, patterns too difficult for skill level, instructor goofing around, etc. Based on my experience on that night, I would not go back for a lesson. I might check out a dance on a different night and hope that there was a better balance of leads/follows, so follows like me wouldn't spend half the night sitting.
3	The stars rating are for the dance floor, they are maintain well and clean., the rest are all sucks. Just like Clubber Z says all of them are beginners and amateurs teaching lessons. Cheap prices, cheap lessons.I don't mind their showcase in the middle of my dancing, but i don't thinkthey understood on what they are doing.. Showcase is where you see the techniques, the level of difficulty, entertainment, music, not this amateurs dress up,dancing on beginners patterns.Looks like the musics are 3 years old and are all the same  every friday and saturday, the same waltz, the same foxtrot, the same tango, music that should be slow is fast and music that should be fast  are slow. Looks like the owner don't understand what was going on because, he thinks he is good.He don't dance during the open dancing and the dancers are the one suffering. He needs to buy new music. I recommend a place to dance at Talking Stick casino 15th Fl-  Orange Sky lounge. A band called Pizzazz plays good dance music fr 9 to 1AM,Fridays and Saturdays. But check the schedule.
