2	I was really excited to try "The Office" a new restaurant in Desert Ridge which started in Prescott. The Office is a sport bar and restaurant with southwestern styled food and plenty of margaritas. As my boyfriend and I entered I found it was smaller and a bit more casual than I was expecting. We sat in the dining area and were greeted by our waitress who took our drink orders. As she came back with our drinks we were not yet ready to order so she offered to come back in a couple of minutes. Unfortunately a couple minutes turned into ten and then fifteen minutes! I really started to get annoyed when I even made eye contact with her and she still did not come over! The situation wouldn't have been that bad, but my boyfriend was famished  and had just gotten off of a twelve hour shift at work!Eventually when she still hadn't come over we were ready to get out of there! I talked to the manager for a moment who tried to get us to stay, but by that point we were over it. He gave us a twenty five dollar gift card though so maybe this will get updated in the future! Because the manager was really nice about the situation, and I could tell the waitress was overwhelmed I will give the office two stars for now.
3	Seems like a very strange name for a restaurant.  It's basically American cuisine (salads, burgers, fries) with a Mexican/SW "kick".   The decor is casual, the dress code is casual, there are multiple flat panel TVs for the sports fans. I had the sliders.  They had at least 4 types of sliders (mini-cheeseburgers).  $6.50-ish for 3 mini-cheeseburgers and NO fries.   They were good, but not the best I've ever had (read my review of PJ Clarke's).  Seems a bit expensive.  I had a side salad.  It was good, but they didn't have french or honey mustard dressing.  One bad thing:  The chips and guac - they'll give you a whole bag of chips and a teeny-tiny bowl of guacamole.   One good thing: They have drink specials EVERY day from 4 - 7 p.m.The margaritas were only $4.00.
3	Wow - the previous reviews are right on - went in for lunch, first time - one of my customers picked the place - Basic sports / Mexican bar - flat screens, etc. Not very busy for lunch time and the location. Our Server was nice, but slow - when checking around, it seemed like our server was the only one on the floor working.  The food was fine, large portions, but nothing you can't get at any other sports bar. The Manager did come by to ask how our food was, so that is nice - I did ask how they came up with the name - she did say that it is named after "THE OFFICE' in CABO San Lucas, Mexico - Now, I have been and still do frequent The Office in CABO, and this place is nothing like it, other than the name. Now - for the one good part, they do have large booths with Plug ins for Laptops and free Wi-Fi. I can look past the other items to get free wi-fi and a cool drink. Now if they only had the Sand / Beach / 18yr College coeds' half naked drinking beers and it could be like Cabo San Lucas.
4	I go to this place a lot. It is close to where I live so I go there to watch the game. They have a load of t.v.s and u can get a speaker box for the t.v.'s at your table.  They also have an awesome happy hour from 3 to 6. Half priced appetizers and sliders! The boneless wings are awesome and the fish taco's are fricken great! The salmon is really good too. Cool Place to hang out and drink for awhile.
5	Kid Friendly: YESKid's Menu: YESColoring paper and Crayons: YESKids Eat Free: Not anymore..not sure why.We love this place, the kids love this place.  We feel welcomed every time we go and althought it's a good place to see the game, they are very kid frienldly and family oriented.  Will return?:  YES with the kids!!
4	Introduced to the Office by a friend and really liked it. The lunch specials are great- a smaller portion entree with a side and beverage for under $7! The atmosphere is pretty cool too, kind of like a fun sports bar with lots of tv's but nicer than average.I found the staff, particularly the manager, Audrey, to be friendly but our server was less than enthusiastic. That being said, the overall experience was really good. I had the lunch size chicken burrito and calabacitas and really enjoyed it. For those of you on the lookout for wifi and outlets, they have those, too. I will definitely be back!
4	I dined in the bar alone like a loser but I don't mind it gives me time to think and reflect. I had the 1/2lb burger and a side salad w blue cheese. Then burger is a grilled burger cooked to order on a really good fresh bun. All the normal fixings. The meat had good flavor and did not seem to be a frozen patty . YEA! The bun was grilled a little and had to have had some butter smeared into it. The burger was good, but not the best. (see Poor Reds) The salad was good, a little more then the basic iceberg lettuce and a tomato. It had cucumber, tomato, several type of lettuce and some sweet flavored white shredded thing in the middle. The dressing was good but again not the best. The bartender, the manager and the door girl were all really nice and they appear to really care about what you think.
4	closed
