4	After eating at Monta for lunch....my Chinese eyes spied the buy one milk tea, get a free smoothie sign!! They have a promo going until April 22nd.  Best part is they aren't overpriced like tea planet either...$3 for a milk tea (not sure if they charge extra for boba...since I opt out due to a childhood choking experience).  The selection of drinks is similar to all the other establishments and no complaints on taste.  I was a little confused by the "opening now" sign, but interpreting broken English is my specialty....so I knew what they really meant.  The place is still undergoing some renovation since they just opened, so the signs with all the drink options aren't up yet.   Really it's just some chair/tables in a very under decorated room....so hopefully they spice up the decor a little in the near future.I'm going to give them points for opening in a prime location...who doesn't want a little boba action after monta/raku/big wong. =)
5	Good service and I like the design inside the store! They are as same good as los Angeles' volcano. I love it!
5	This is the best boba shop in Las Vegas! This tea house has the cutest decoration and nicest service! I would suggest this tea house to my friends. They have pictures of their customers and on their wall of frame! They will also be choosing customers of the month! I really love this place.
4	I love this place. I always get the Taro smoothie with boba. I need one more stamp on my card and I get a free one! It is a goal that I want to achieve soon. Volcano Tea House is the best.
4	I decided to walk a little around the strip mall after an extremely awesome omakase dinner at the new Kabuto restaurant, debating if I should get ramen at their sister restaurant Monta. Before I could make up my mind, plus I was distracted from yet another Sprint dropped call, I saw the well lit Volcano Tea House.  So like a moth drawn to the cool blue electric insect imploding devices at modern camp sites, I decided to drop in for some more sweets and a side order of free radicals for my body to fight off.The interior is not big, but it is simply decorated with bright cheery smiley face yellow-ish color scheme. They have an easy menu to order from in the back corner of the store.  A 20/40 or better vision is helpful for accomplishing that visual accuity test, or you can just look down at the menu taped down on the counter.  And while I was still talking to a friend about my recent dining experience, the taro milk tea san boba that I ordered was already prepared and waiting for me.  Heck, it was ready before I even recieved my change. Yes, that fast!The taro milk tea was good.  And if you are a regular, you might as well get their stamp card, that you can parlay into a free beverage after paying for 10.  You don't even have to be cool like me, or show off your nearly perfected used car purchasing negotiation skills.  Yeah, the folks at Volcano Tea House are equally nice to everyone that pays for their assortment of Asian beverage offerings. A verbal "thank you" or "xie xie" (sounds like shieh shieh) is still appreciated, plus it shows you have some manners. Is this place good for groups?  Only if the group is not too big or your friends like standing.  There are only a few tables, and not too many chairs, so it is more suited for the order and go crowd.  However, while I was there, I did see a group of Chinese girls playing some card game, and another group of guys chillaxing at another table. If this volcano is in the same family tree as the other Volcano Tea Houses in Cali, then this is by far the smallest.  But the drinks, at least the ones I typically order tastes pretty much the same.Parking:  There is almost not enough to share between all the businesses in this tiny strip mall with a handful of really popular dining destinations.  You definitely should carpool, as it is not only good for your wallet, the environment, but for me!P.S.  Even before I drove out of the parking lot to go write this review, the owner already requested to be my Yelp friend. See the pattern? They really like doing things F-A-S-T!
4	Nice, comfortable boba tea place similar to Volcano Tea on Sawtelle in West LA.  They don't have lavender flavor tea though, which is what I usually order.  After Chinese dinner in that shopping center though, it's a refreshing place to get dessert if you have room, and fitting as that was actually what we were looking for.  Something to take with us back to the casino/hotel. The drinks are good and what you'd expect so no complaints.  Large selection actually, except for the lavender flavor.
4	Yelp check in offer: buy one get one half off - how awesome is that?I would so buy 2 for myself to get this offer, but lucky for me, my boyfriend wanted a drink too. We got the jasmine green milk tea and a lychee jelly juice. I really like my tea because it wasn't sweet like many other tea shop. It was the right balance of milk and sugar to tea. The lychee jelly juice was very refreshing as well. This tea house is tiny but very cozy. There is a wall where patrons can write notes on some sticky stars and post on the wall. I love the concept and will return regularly.
4	We came here before hitting up lunch in Chinatown.  My wife ordered a milk tea, while I ordered a large lychee jelly juice with boba.  The customer area was clean comfortable, as we sat down for 30 minutes waiting for our restaurant to open.  The drinks were good and not too expensive.  It was a fortuitous find for us!
2	The two most important factors in a good boba drink is the 'boba' and the 'drink.' My drink of choice is the classic milk tea. To my disappointment, they were out. Milk tea is a simple beverage to make whether its from scratch or from a generic powder. I've never been told "we're out of milk tea" from a place that's sole purpose is to serve boba tea. I ended up substituting the original with their more expensive taro milk tea. One sip of my drink was all I needed to decide I won't be coming back. There wasn't enough ice, the tea was a little warm, and it was obvious the mushy, half-solid boba was sitting out to long. A boba house should be experts in boba. And it isn't acceptable for a new boba place to serve up substandard tapioca pearls. It was a hot day and I was looking for a cold drink. And in addition to my drink not being cold enough, the room was pretty warm. A couple fans were running to cool off; but isn't that what commercial AC is for? Temps were being kept too high or the system was pooping out.The 2nd Volcano Tea House to hit Las Vegas has created a little bit of a stir. Are the two related? And if not, why did they use the same name? Well, perhaps not so much a stir as confusion. Volcano #2 lies in the Korea Town plaza filled with Japanese restaurants. It's a good before dinner tie-over or after dinner hang-out. But until there's a little quality control, I'll buy my $4 beverages elsewhere.
3	I was meeting some friends for dinner at Big Wong's and had some time to kill. I remembered reading about a new boba shop and have been wanting to check it out for some time. One look at the board and I thought that I would be set with the taro smoothie, but then I saw something that I have not tried before: the ginger smoothie. I am a fan of ginger. I tend to gravitate to dishes that advertise it as a main ingredient. EX: Ginger scallion crab or fish fillet. I also like to add it to my green smoothies. In fact, I am only second to one Yelp Community Manager in my love for this spicy root. What did I have to lose? I was determined to deviate from my normal path and be adventurous. One look at this proclamation and a look at my rating might suggest that I made a mistake and should have just stayed true to my go to taro, but it was not so much the smoothie that I did not like. I had ordered it with the mini boba and they were just meh. I like the concept of these miniature version of the classic because there should be a better ratio of tapioca to drink. Yet this was better in theory than in practice. With it coming in a regular cup with a lid, you can not tip the cup over and swirl it around to distribute the pearls. Instead I was swishing them around with my straw and that did not do much. So instead of getting five beads in one sip, I got multiple tiny ones all at once. They were also on the tougher side. I would go back to try my usual drink and get the normal boba.
3	If I really wanted boba or I needed to pass time while waiting at Raku or Monta, both of which are in the same plaza, then I'd go here.The place is not bad looking, not as busy as Icy Juicy, and doesn't have rude workers like Tea Station.The reason why I gave it only 3 stars is mainly because of their drinks.  They were bland and didn't have much flavor.  They ran out of regular boba, so they used a smaller kind of boba, which I really didn't mind, except they were overcooked and too squishy.  The tapioca pearls shouldn't be shredding as it's in your mouth.Oh well.  Better luck next time, if there's a next time.
4	Excellent Thai Boba Tea- just enough sweetness balanced with a smoky tea flavor. Mmmmm. For my two visits, I also had Taro Boba Milk Tea which was delicious both times. The boba was bouncy and soft (a little softer than most places), and nice to bite.Service was quick. This venue has customers who linger at the tables. Just outside, you can sit on the edge of a water feature with a large monument of the Monkey King (Sun Wukong) with monk Xuanzang, and some other folks on their Journey to the West and enjoy your tea in their company.
1	I had never ever sent back a boba drink until last Tuesday night 7/10/12.  The boba was as hard as a rock and even the mini ones were too.  Had no one complained that day?  Why were they still open?  I can't believe they were ok with serving this crap.  Their excuse was that they had boiled it that morning..umm..like every other boba joint.  Money back!  Obviously it can't always be like this but this is the first and last time there for me.  2 words: FRESH CUP
5	Need a pick me up. Soooo sleepy. Not the same without sharing boba with Adonis. Ordering one jasmine boba and a taro boba.One boba milk tea, One jasmine boba milk tea & One avocado boba drink. Trying avocado this time. The milk & jasmine is always the best.
4	I'm hooked on these drinks! Its refreshing especially on a hot day in Vegas. Always getting the Taro milk tea boba and honeydew. The only down side to this place is that they don't take credit cards, only cash; not everyone carries cash now a days. But  overall it's one of my spots to get a pick me up.
5	The drinks are pretty standard but I'm giving this place 5-stars because the service is great, always a short line (or none) so I get my drink quickly and usually a place to sit (though there aren't many tables/seats), prices are fair, free wi-fi and it's next door to Big Wong/Monta/Raku/et al.
3	I like coming here to get a peach green tea. I found out this time they add like a shot of water =[ No wonder it tasted a little more diluted compared to the LA one. It's good and cheap and quenches your thirst!
1	This will be quick and painless.Just kidding. It'll only be quick. Came in and expected it to be the same as the Volcano Tea House location on Spring Mtn closer to the strip, EHHH (game show buzzer noise) wrong. Thought I could pay for my small mango green tea with my cc, EHHHH wrong again -- minimum $10 charge. Expecting it to taste like the usual mango green tea I order at all tea houses.. EHHHHH very wrong -- wayyyyy too sweet. THREE STRIKES. I'M OUT.  LATERSSS! LOL I feel a little bad.. for being so quick to dismiss. Honestly though, there was a small selection on the menu, my friend's milk tea was not up to par (tea was bland & boba was not good period), and the boba-rista should've taken both our orders first and then start on the drinks rather than take it one by one and make it one by one. Just took too much time and wasn't doing much for the experience that already started on a 'meh' note.UPDATE 9/26/2012: Honestly after reading my review over, I feel like this place at least deserves two stars, possibly even three (depending on 2nd try) rather than one. it's not that terrible of a place to where I wouldn't give it a 2nd shot. BUT a few days later after I posted this review, the owner contacted me in a very unprofessional way, so I'm leaving it at 1 for the service.
3	My friend and I stopped by Volcano Tea House after having dinner at Monta. It's a new place and I wanted to give it a try. Sadly, I was disappointed by their boba. It was too hard. I will say that their drink flavors were very good. Extra star for that. I got the taro milk tea with boba and my friend ordered the coconut milk tea with coffee jelly. I would recommend their drinks with their flavored jellies as I can't see them going wrong there. That's what I would opt for if I went back. Not quite sure if I will though.
5	love the milk tea
5	This place is awesome
5	After having boba tea again at several places in NYC's Chinatown, I am forced to say that Volcano Tea House beats all of them by lightyears overall and for intensity of flavor and boba consistency- very bouncy. This was reinforced on my current visit as I had their Jasmine Milk Tea with boba and Almond Milk Tea with boba. The Jasmine Tea was so smokey, rich, and complex in flavor while the Almond Tea wowed with strong flavor, kind of like almond gelatin but to the max. I sampled the Grapefruit Milk Tea with boba and it tasted like a grapefruit creamsicle made with yogurt. I also tried the Lychee Milk Tea which is definitely on the sweet side but expectedly so. These latter two teas were less complex in flavor. If you enjoy more mature flavors, I strongly recommend their Jasmine Milk Tea with boba.
