4	Get up and Go Makeup had a Groupon that I purchased after a horrible experience at another place. I was hoping for a different result and I couldn't be happier! Andrea is a one-woman show & she is great at what she does. I would give her 5 stars except for my own pain tolerance won't allow it - LOL! I had permanent eyeliner done & she did a fabulous job! Like I said before, I had it done a few months prior at another Med-Spa & it was a total waste of time & money. It was uneven & barely visible. Andrea assured me she could get the result I was looking for, she was right. It was a different method of application, using a tool instead of hand strokes. It was a little more uncomfortable at times during the procedure, but the end result was well worth it! She was very professional & friendly, she made me feel at ease the whole time & her confidence in what she does came through to help that as well. I have & would recommend her for permanent makeup. Not to mention the other place wanted to bang me again for a touch up which was very necessary since the 1st time didn't "take" and Andrea included a touch up with the Groupon purchase. I am very pleased & wanted to give her props for doing such a great job! Also she has a scheduler Margo who is very pleasant to speak with & tries to accommodate your schedule & Andreas. Thanks ladies for making my own troublesome vainness a non-issue. =)
5	As a teenager I was pluck-happy leaving me with bald spots and uneven eyebrows. I wanted to get them permenantly done because I was tired of shadowing them in with eye shadow and also because I was active and they would sometimes sweat off, embarrassing! Andrea Sandoval was my permanent make-up artist and she did an amazing job. I'm a stylist/salon owner and was very picky cause I've seen some harsh and unnatural looking brows on others and defiantly didn't want that. My results were very soft and natural, exactly what I wanted. I'm defiantly going back to her for my eye liner next!!
5	I have used Andrea's services several times over the course of a couple of years and referred friends & colleagues to her also.I found Andrea after a bad experience elsewhere & she was very professional and explained everything to me before, during and after my permanent make up application, which made me more comfortable throughout. Scheduling appointments was very easy and when I need a touch up I will be calling to come in..... :)
5	Years ago I had been in a major car accident and suffered for years from scar tissue damage on my lips that left me with a crooked smile and loss of pigment in my lip color.  I had been to a previous makeup artist that claimed she was the best of the best in Scottsdale - however, I was not happy we the lopsided results. Andrea fixed not only my first attempt to tattoo my scar away but now no one even notices I've had permanent make up applied. Thanks to her amazing talent, I've gone from being very conscious of my scarring to being frequently complimented on the shape of my lips.  I would not let ANYONE but Andrea apply permanent makeup.  I have referred several friends and family members that agree!!
