1	First off the woman who answers the phone is not impressive at all.   I called to consign my furniture and when I asked her about some info on the store,, she said " do you want to consign your table or not!".  Quite rude.  That was a turn of for me.....The next day I went in the store for some info but when I entered I knew this wasn't the right fit for my Robb & Stucky table.  The place had older style furniture..dated couches, florals, mauves.  There was one accessory that I would  buy in the whole store.  Needless to say, I won't be coming back or consigning my table or anything else...rude stuff + gross stuff...what more can I say!
4	I have been frequenting about 10 consignment stores in Scottsdale.  I am furnishing a house and looking for quality furniture and home goods at a decent price.  This place is one of my top 5 and the merchandise is of a high quality at a reasonable price.
1	I just called this store and spoke to the most rude man.  He would talk over me when I was trying to tell him about the items that I was interested in have them consign for me.  I would never go to this place.And I will not give it any stars....:(
1	Saleswomen is extremely rude both times I have been there. Will not return.
4	I agree with poster Michael S....Fabulous Finds has high quality at very reasonable prices.  Like ANY consignment store, there are items one might find & say "well, I wouldn't pay that much for that" but this reaction is balanced by plenty of "WOW, what a great bargain".  Huge showroom, well-laid out with pretty much everything you might need or want.  The owners have been in business a long time and know what they're doing, getting the consignors a fair return & offering buyers good deals. One of my top 3 consignment stores in the Valley!
1	I was very happy with my purchase here until the owner volunteered her opinion that POTUS & Eric Holder both "deserve a bullet through the head." I will not be back. I don't think this kind of person is really what Scottsdale is all about. She probably just assumed I would agree because I'm also white. I do not agree even a little bit. What a horrible thing to say. I think I'm in shock.
