5	I have been seeing Dr. Kerr for 18 years now.  She is like going to see a wonderful country/farm doctor.  The front office is nice but, you don't spend long there as she is always running on time (no waiting 45 minutes like other doctors).  She sits down and listens to you.  She asks all the right questions to help her understand.  She then walks you through the options along with pros/cons (ranging from homeopathic to surgery) and helps you to decide on the right course for your situation.  She also does bio-identical hormones and is a big believer in homeopathy, which I love.A couple of years ago, I moved from Ahwatukee out North but, I have kept Dr. Kerr as my primary care doctor as I couldn't imagine going to anyone else.  She has such a calm wonderful manner and spends the time to truly understand your needs.  In all the years that I have been seeing her, I have never had a bad experience with her.  I skip eating apples as I truly love going to my doctor and don't want to keep her away! :-)
1	My first impression of Dr Kerr was she was friendly and easy to talk to, but that was just for the first establishing appointment. It went downhill after that. You are pushed to see a medical student and then they take forever to get your history, then they go out and relay everything you just said to Dr Kerr who then comes into the room with the med student and stands with her back against the door with her hand on the door knob. I kid you not! She listens while the student gives you the diagnosis or plan and interjects only if you ask and she is out the door before the student is done talking so you don't have a chance to ask her any questions. The first time this happened I thought well she must be really busy, but it has happened at EVERY appointment. I then learned that I had to say "WAIT I have a question" before she could escape the room. It is awful When you do that her answers are short and she answers with the door open so you feel rushed. You feel like you are wasting her time. It is very poor professionalism and I expect more from a doctor. Her office staff is horribly unorganized. I had asked several times for my prescription refills to be sent to my mail order pharmacy, but they never made it. Even after calling and going in to the office. I have since changed to another doctor.
1	I went through the same thing Donna did and it was very frustrating. Dr. Kerr was friendly, but I felt she took no time at all to hear me out or address my concerns. I had to go back a 2nd time because the first time I mentioned some dry patches to them that they said just to put lotion on, well of course I was already doing that. So after they looked that over we talked about why else I was there. So the second time around I had to go back for my skin because it was getting worse and of course I waited there and waited to be seen my students which I did not prefer. Finally Dr. Kerr came in and barely listened to me and rushed me out. This has been about 5 months ago now, but I felt I had to write this review. She misdiagnosed me and my skin hasn't gotten any better. I am frustrated that I even had to pay for this pointless visit and will never go back.
5	Dr Kerr has been my family's Dr for 15 years.  I would like to comment to Donna regarding the Med Students.  10 years ago, I took my son to approximately 7 Dr's and it was a Med Student Dr. Kerr had meet with us that figured out my son had Celiac Disease, long before anyone knew what Gluten free meant.  My son had failure to thrive and was the smallest kid in his class in Middle School, she referred us to an amazing Gastroenterologist and  Endocrinologist and my son is now 6' 1".  Dr. Kerr is someone who always listens and her care has enabled me to find 2 cancers in early stage to the point where only surgery was required.  Every specialist she has referred me to has also treated me with the same compassionate care.
1	I have been to this office 2 times and each time has been a joke. Most recent visit I went in with a UTI and severe back pain. Your visit primarily revolves around a medical student who asks you questions. Dr. Kerr eventually comes in hands you papers and walks out. Not only do you never actually get seen by the dr for an exam but she is rude and does not seem to care about her patients. I have multiple allergies to medications and had relayed that information to the student. I'm handed a prescription for sulfa which I am highly allergic to. My next concern are the medications safe for breastfeeding. I got a rude answer of you can stop breastfeeding or not take the antibiotics. That's not only unprofessional but rude. No one took the time to do a physical examination or even look at my back. Appointments are impossible to get here they are either closed or booked full though their clinic always seems relatively empty when I've gone. This primary care dr is a joke. If you want to be seen and not just shoved to a room asked a few questions and then rushed out the door. Go elsewhere. Not only do I not recommend this dr to anyone I will not be going to her office again.
