5	I was born in Culiacan and both of my parents are from there as well. So, it's safe say I know what good Mexican food is especially from this region. My favorite food made by my Mom are "Gorditas" they are very similar to "Sopes" for those that are more familiar with those. The only problem is that they're super time consuming so my Mom doesn't make them too often. So when I found out about this place I was excited. They taste a lot like my Mom so I kept coming. I invited my co-worker to have lunch there and the lady that took our order noticed we were kind of in a hurry. She asked us if we had a place to be and once we told her we had to go back to work she told us that it would be better if next time we called her ahead of time so she could start cooking them before we got there so we wouldn't have to be in such a rush. Now that is customer service ! I was so happy when she told me that. This place is extremely inexpensive as well we had six gorditas and two glass sodas total and we only paid twelve dollars. If we would of gone to the mexican place behind our work we would of easily paid at least twenty dollars for less food. Just the glass coke there is three dollars. So we won't mind driving a little further for better food and prices.
3	We stopped here a while back while visiting local businesses.  I'm always up for a good taco, and it did not disappoint.  My only complaint would be the salsa - not very flavorful, almost seemed like it might have been bottled.  The green sauce was a redeemer, but I need my spice to make the meal complete.
2	I came here based on the recommendation from another yelper and I have to say I'm quite disappointed. The fact that the place was completely empty should've tipped me off that I wasn't in for a decent meal. I got the asada tacos on flour tortillas. The meat was a bit on the dry side and overcooked. The rice and beans were standard. The friendly cashier is the only thing keeping this place from getting 1 star. I definitely won't be going back.
4	Great little Spot to eat.  The food is very authentic. I highly recommend trying this place out when close to Tolleson.
5	I love their tacos and the people that work there are always super attentive and really nice
2	I came here for dinner based on the reviews posted here. I regret that decision. The customer service was great. But the food was absolutely sub-par. I got the crazy burrito and the meat was hella fatty. The tortilla was way thin. Almost all my bites had fat in it and with each bite I lost my appetite more and more. Totally sucks. I was way hungry after dealing with the devil's armpit that is this heat. Boo.
2	Was looking for a taco shop and found this place on yelp and stopped by to check it out.  The staff there was very polite and super friendly, the only bad thing was once we got our food the waitress did not really come to check if we needed anything else.  My boyfriend had to get up a few times to let them know what we needed.  I just think they should be a little more attentive to the customers, also since we were the only ones there.  In regards to the food I did not think it was that great. The beans taste like can beans and not like authentic mexican beans and the rice was a little too dry, it did not really taste fresh.  I got a few tacos and the meat was not that good, it seemed to be overcooked and to dry. It almost tasted as if it had been there all day just kept warm and they just keep reheating it up. The salsas did not really have any flavor and overall I was not so satisfied with my food. I probably will not be returning, and I just think the quality of the food really needs improvement.
