4	I've been walking past this place for years and had no idea that there was a great cafe in the back.From the outside, it looks like a run-down bakery on a stretch of St. Catherine's which has been economically depressed forever until those new condos start going up.But if you go inside, surprise! There is a very cozy and hidden cafe waiting for you in the back. Wooden tables, fluffy red pleather seats, free wifi, and probably the best fresh hot mint tea in all of Montreal. Seriously no baggy-mint tea but a clear glass mug full of sprigs of fresh, beautifully green mint sitting in hot water, a welcome sight during the winter.Prices are very low, they serve fresh croissants, muffins,sandwiches, cookies, pastries, tea, cappucino, coffee and all the things you expect at a cafe but also shepherd's pie, pizza and warm soups.It's the sort of place you come to in the winter to feel warm and cozy again, warm up, do some work on your laptop or lose yourself in a book.I'm happy I found this place. Very student friendly and service is unrushed and friendly
5	This place was great! Not a fancy place by any means. But the guy was very nice, the croissants were delicious and everything was so cheap in comparison to other places in Montreal. Would highly recommend it if you are looking for an authentic french croissanterie experience.
4	This place is a hidden gem on St. Catherine street, which is otherwise lacking in good breakfast options.  They have delicious, cheap pastries that taste homemade.  I had a cheese danish which was warm, soft and chewy inside and flaky and warm on the outside.  The coffee was excellent, and we had two cups for the price of one, which was cheap already.  They have free Wi Fi and a comfortable and quiet seating area in the back with wooden tables and soft benches and chairs.
5	Montreal has many bakeries with fantastic pastries, but it's a little tougher to find breakfast sandwiches. La Croissanterie Linda has a wide menu, including sandwiches as well as great pastries. Their coffee was my favorite during our trip to Montreal, the prices were very reasonable, and it had a very family-run feel. Definitely stop by here if you find yourself in the neighborhood.
4	This place is a hole in the wall. I came here and had the breakfast special (egg, cheese, and ham croissant with a cafe latte). It was delicious! The croissant was perfect - soft and warm on the inside as flaky and crispy on the outside. When you walk in the place doesnt look that special. But I would definitely come back here for breakfast again. On top of the good food, the prices are great! My meal was only 5.66$.
5	Nice little gem in the busy Rue Sainte-Catherine of Montreal. Excellent mint tea. Free wifi. Friendly service. Great breakfast spot, but also much more: a good cafe that is fast and cheap yet still of quite good quality. They actually have a reasonably large menu consisting of soups, sandwiches, salads, breakfast-fare, small eats, hot drinks, croissants, desserts, cookies, and so on. Prices are very, very reasonable.I have only had the mint tea and the soup there, but both were excellent. Mint tea actually comes with a lot of large mint leaves, a huge plus in a continent where mint tea usually means something else that does not have real mint leaves inside.  The interior is inviting with wooden tables. It will keep you very warm on a cold Montreal night.  Don't be fooled by the unassuming looks of the exterior. Go inside and discover the delicious interior. Judge La Croissanterie Linda by its merits, not its cover...
5	A group of friends and I were visiting Montreal for the weekend and we had asked a local where we could find a quick, inexpensive breakfast eatery. This place was recommended by a local who is a frequent customer here. The place was small and dainty with several locals surfing the internet on their laptops sipping their lattes. This place is known for their delicious, homemade croissants and baked goods. Boy, let me tell you, probably one of the most delicious breakfast sandwiches I had ever eaten. I had a bacon, egg and cheese on their homemade croissant and the croissant melted in my mouth. It was buttery, flaky delicious goodness. The owner was friendly and made sure we were all satisfied. If I lived in Montreal, this would be a place I'd frequent. *One stipulation, THEY TAKE CASH ONLY.* Canadian currency is preferred and they will charge you a few cents extra for American currency but who cares, well worth it. Totally and utterly amazing.
5	Without warning, one of my favourite cafes in the city is CLOSED?! Anyone have more information on this? There was a lease sign on the window. I'll still finish my review though:In a city with so many cafes, it can be easy to overlook this cafe. Heck if I wasn't brought here by my roommate I would too. But you'll appreciate this cafe as much as I've come to love it. It's cozy with low warm lighting and unpretentious to the bone. Sad news that people aren't able to enjoy this cafe anymore unless it's taken over and business continues as usual. Still, the owners won't be the same and....it'll never be the same!
