2	I had my first experience (taste) of Philpotts today and I have mixed opinions. The shop itself is bright and clean, as are the staff who all wear shirts and ties, which I found slightly bizarre for what is essentially a glorified sandwich shop. There are three distinct areas to the shop; a salad bar, a sandwich bar and a hot food area. I wasn't sure what I fancied so I had a little browse and asked the lady if they could toast up sandwiches, seeing as there was a hot food area I thought this wouldn't be too much of a problem - turns out it was and unless I chose one of the pre-made ciabattas from the hot food counter, my sandwich couldn't be toasted. Darn. So instead of a much desired toastie, I ended up having pastrami and stilton with chilli mayo on an olive bread roll. Admittedly my sandwich was really tasty and I was full for the rest of the afternoon, but the prices are quite high and the selection of fillings is not particularly inspired: I won't be rushing back anytime soon.
3	As part of my yelping duties, I ventured in here the other day. As Emma said, I was slight confused as to why the staff were dressed in shirts and ties. Come on, you are selling sandwiches there is no possible way you can make that fancy so quit trying. So Phil Potts tries to be a sort of upmarket sandwich shop selling salads, sandwiches and hot food. When I went in there was one other customer and around 10 members of staff. I stood waiting while one member of staff served the man in front and the rest stood around gossipping. I guess looks can be deceiving as the fancy attire doesn't lead to good service. I ordered the special of Thai chicken with coriander mayo, purely because the rest of the menu was so dull. I was a little disappointed to see the bread was pretty much just a loaf of Hovis and the filling was a tiny little tubs worth. The sandwich was pretty tasty, but nothing in comparison to the much more interesting Thyme which is 1 minute up the road.
3	Would you imagine a Phil Potts wearing shirt and tie? Me neither, so why the staff are all spruced up is beyond me.  Nonetheless, Potts's monthly sandwich specials are usually top notch.  Currently it's a chicken, spinach, red pepper and tarragon mayo concoction that firmly places itself in the upper band of quality sandwiches.The seemingly pretentious image and bog standard name is a funny combination. If only Phil could stick to what he does best: making sandwiches.
3	I thought Philpotts was a sophisticated deli/cafe looking at it from the outside, but I was sorely disappointed when I ventured inside and realised it is a sandwich shop, and a pretty poor one at that. Situated in the busy and bustling Lothian Road in Edinburgh, Philpotts is just a short walk from the city centre and so it ought to be one of the hot spots for buying meals and snacks, but unfortunately it is not. They have a deli counter which houses the usual suspects for sandwich fillings - salad, meats and cheeses etc. However, there is nothing that special about their menu or their sandwiches which would make you want to go back. I ordered a BLT sandwich, which was tasty, although the bread was nothing special, and to be honest, I felt as though I could have made the same thing myself at home for a cheaper price. The staff were friendly, although I am with the other Yelpers in wondering why they are all dressed in a shirt and tie. Hot drinks, roasts and salads are also available here and there is a seating area inside. Philpotts is a fairly average sandwich shop, but there is nothing about it which would make me want to go back.
3	Cheese & pickleAvocado & baconHumous & red pepperBrie & cranberryTuna & sweetcorn Egg & bacon Turkey & stuffingChicken, bacon & avocadoFeta, rocket & beetrootThai chicken, pepper & spinachAn old fashioned deli and cafe, Philpotts specialises in fillings sandwiches, baguettes, wraps, salad boxes and soups. Whilst everything is made fresh by suited and booted staff, I have to admit I prefer Pret or Thyme. The tucker usually has more flavour and the atmosphere in both shops is more relaxed.
