5	we considered ourselves very lucky for stumbling onto this local gem. they have a great whisky and beer selection. i had one of their roses - it was bitter and unpleasant. the whisky was very strong - you will feel it within minutes; too much and your head will hurt the following day.decor is simple and cute. it was very lively and the patrons are from the neighborhood or have friends from there. we were the only tourists, the staff was nice and helpful and the locals were friendly and chatty.
4	This is a great wee gem of  pub! Katy's bar is tucked away a bit, and a touch of the away from the usual student dives. But it may just be worth diverting a little to visit.The decor inside gives the place a cosy feel. There was hardly anyone there when we went in, despite its reputation for getting busier on the weekends, from what the others there told us. Given its size it may be better to visit during these quieter times. The clientele seemed mostly local and regulars, but were perfectly amiable.It's true what the others say, they have a great selection of  beers in particular. I tried a couple of beers, each time being given advice. The first was a bit bitter for my liking the rest sweeter and really quite enjoyable and rather fitting with what the staff had suggested. There seemed to be a good selection of ales, though I have yet to experiment with these.
4	I was introduced to Kay's bar just a couple of months ago, in December.  You remember, when it was absolutely baltic and the streets and pavement were covered in sheets of perilous ice?  Remember that? I'd met friends in the afternoon for a couple of pints at various New Town locations.  Later into the evening, someone recommended this great place called Kay's.  She went on about how awesome it was and how it had an actual library room in the back and how cool is that, so we agreed to go along.  We took off into the freezing and slippery evening only to discover that this girl had no idea where she was going.  Several phones were brought out, one person googling, another mapping, until we finally found our way (in the complete opposite direction of where we were having dinner, I might add).  When we finally arrived at Kay's. we were freezing, hungry, and more than a little bit irritable, but were greeted with a wave of warmth when we entered the bar.  It was packed with regulars who were very happy to join in on our beer conversation and provide advice about what to order.  We ordered our advised drinks, had a bit more chat with the bartender and regulars, before heading for the (empty ... but for statues of giraffes??) library room.  This was a lovely wee pub, despite the trek to get there.  I will definitely be back some night now that the streets are clear and I know how to get there easily.
5	A local pub dreamAn oasis in the darkLibrary in back
4	I have known Kay's Bar for years and I have to say that it's a little treasure well hidden on Jamaica street!  Traditional pub, lovely staff, lovely selection of ales, warm atmosphere, library room at the back.  It's very small so you have to be lucky to get a seat but it's totally worth the walk.Great place to take visitors to too.
4	Great wee find. Lots of trendy and Wetherspoon's type pubs in Edinburgh but this ranks with the best traditional pubs on offer.We did wonder if our gang of 6 would fit as it is small. There is a real fire in the front, but we sat in the little back section complete with a library and board games and lots of wood panelling. It was lovely and cosy so perfect for our merry gang.All sorts of drinks on offer and some beers/ale's on tap I hadn't heard of so I would come here with friends and parents.We were strictly there for drinks but I'd definitely return for a lazy Sunday afternoon session with a book or a game.
4	Excellent beer and a very friendly atmosphere. Will go again.
4	Ah, the mythical Kay's bar. Said to appear only when the moon is full, the temperature is in the 9-11 degree region, and you recite the words to Sunshine On Leith backwards. In Spanish. It's an alcoholic Brigadoon.Or, it's off the beaten track and people can't be bothered walking that far. Not sure.In any case, it's a great little local bar, with a good selection of real ales, and a fine selection of whiskies along the top gantry. It's also small and red. RED. LOTS OF RED. ALL THE RED. That's not a complaint, just an observation of the redness.If I was a local in this area, I fear I would never leave here. There would be no need for me to go anywhere else, as this is a damn fine establishment.One of Edinburgh's better kept secrets.Entirely visible at all times, too - despite what you might hear...
5	Going to Kay's bar is a once in a lifetime opportunity. For locals and travelers alike, the staff and owners have created a sanctuary amongst many fake pubs and fake ale houses. This is as real as it possibly gets. Come here for grub early in the day, and always enjoy their selection of real Ales. They have a good amount of options for non beer drinkers as well. I know, as a yank, I don't have the right to tell Edinburgh locals where to go. But I doubt anyone who knows what makes a good bar would dislike this joint. Fraiser, one of the barkeeps, is a true gentleman and will see you through your experience here. I cannot reccomend this place highly enough.
