5	I cannot praise these guys high enough.  When my brother and I were finishing emptying my mothers house because it had sold (sniff) I wanted to make sure her grandchildren, our kids, got plenty of keepsakes.  Some of it I had packed to ship but they didn't think it would make it so they completely repacked entire China sets (4 of them) to ship to Austin and Dallas, Texas and Chicago, along with many other breakable items to be distributed among the 4 out of town grands, plus stuff to my brother's and nephew's in Amarillo.  We were in there every day for several days in a row taking stuff to them to ship.  It did cost us an arm and a leg but how do you put a price on keepsakes and family heirlooms?  The important thing is every item in every box arrived safely at its destination!  This all happened last September '07, but since I was in Chandler for my cousin's funeral this week, I made sure to stop by this place before I left town to let them know how much I appreciated the care with which they packed and handled everything.  The owners, Michelle and James, remembered me and were just as nice as I remembered them to be.  If you ever need to be sure something of value reaches its destination safely, this is the place to go!
5	I needed to send something and I needed it to get there in a timely manner.  I also needed a copy of something.  This store is located next to Bashas on one side and Starbucks on the other.  I walked in and recieved a friendly greeting.  I told the young man what I needed and I was out the door in about 10 mins.  You can make copies, ship packages, rent a p.o. box, and send mail all from this location.  And the staff is friendly and helpful.  That's five stars in my book!
1	This is the worst UPS store I have ever been to. The gentleman in front of me only needed to buy one stamp and the employee asked him if he had cash or if he could buy anything else because it was costing him more to run his debit card than  he was making on a stamp sale. When it was my turn, I was shipping out a prepaid box. The rep asked me to buy my own tape to close the box, because he wasn't making any money on my shipment! Needless to say when you are providing a service to people, this is not the way you bring in business. I always ship with UPS but this has made me second guess my choice.
3	It's a UPS store.  I had to ship something.  I walk in, they weigh it, tell me the charge for various services, and I pick the cheapest (and slowest, of course).No muss, no fuss.  In, out, done.  No complaints.They also have shipping supplies, but I didn't need any so can't really comment.
5	Fast and courteous service ! I was in and out in a few minutes. The notary guy was friendly,  efficient and he was very helpful. The made sure that every one was being helped.
