5	A nice place to grab a coffee and a treat and do geeking on the internet. A great drive-thru option if you can't stay. Megan, the manager, has staffed enough folks behind the counter now to wait on the drive-thru and walkins. They even bring you your order if they can! Also they have a foursquare Mayor contest. Large place indoors and out, cool artwork on the walls, free wi-fi (ask for the password slip when you order) and good background music!
5	I spend a lot of time here as a remote office. Meghan, the proprietor, is *always* very welcoming and warm. She remembers my standard order, and does not seem to mind that I spend a lot of time working out of her establishment. The varieties of coffee is good. The pastries are good. I have not tried one of their sandwiches yet. I enjoy the "homey" atmosphere... puzzles, cards, and books.... for the clientele to enjoy. I also enjoy supporting a "local" coffee house over a big chain.
4	The staff is very friendly.  I like that.  Love the current quiz question they have hanging right inside the door. If you know the answer think your order is free.
4	I love their iced lattes. The only thing I ask is that they add more "ICE" to the lattes. Just a few cubes won't cut it, taste like a room temperature drink rather than something refreshing. Then again, it's only one person who makes the drinks terrible there. Everyone else is FANTASTIC!
2	Slowest drive thu e-v-e-rI ordered an iced tea...one car in front of me. 12 minutes....when i got to the window they had to ask me again what I ordered. don't waste your time being stuck in the drive thru (one you're in, you can't escape!)
1	Coffee is bad, place smells like burning manure (cigar shop next door). Most of the time hipster barista is outside smoking.
2	Love the coffee not thrilled about my service. Of the 4-3 times I have been in the barista has never been behind the counter ready to serve me.  Every time that I have walked in they follow me off the patio where they have been smoking.  I know that you are entitled to a break but, sitting out chit chatting with your friends smoking is not what you get paid for.  Either I have bad timing coming in when they are on break or the kids there are huge slackers.
2	Service is slow, drinks are nothing to write home about.  I wanted this place to be so much more but it fell short.  I always want to try to try out coffee and drinks from other locations besides Starbucks, but it seems this place is just missing the mark.
