3	I'm gonna agree with Julie. I come here because it's convenient, but with 3-4 girls in a tiny store you'd think they'd help out a bit more. I asked something about dry shampoos and got a short answer from one and tried to ask the other girls. One finally showed me what they have, but couldn't really say which one ways best....so I just bought a small one to use for now and went online to do research on dry shampoos.They resumed talking amongst themselves in the front. I just had my haircut, and felt like I should turn a new leaf and style my hair often and use all the right products to keep it styled and also use maintenance products like masks and split end menders. I had a lot of questions, but didn't feel like it would be received well after my first question so I just looked on my own, wrote notes and googled everything and asked forums.  Even though each question answered would lead to a product sale, maybe it's just not worth it to them to try. I know this is Sally's and isn't like walking into a fancier store, but you're dealing with a lot of products that people don't know how to use and you're not understaffed that you can't spend more 1on1 with people. I worked in beauty product jobs and I brought my customer through their purchase start to finish even if there's 4 customers and just me working. I cycled through my customers who needed help and checked on people who wanted to browse. I gave real opinions because I tested out every single product we carried,,,product knowledge is important and not every Sally's does well in this department. Lesson learned- know what you want before going.
2	I mean- it' Sally's what can you expect. Basic, basic, basic. I'm really not into this Sally's at all. The staff is not very helpful at all, actually they are kinda rude. I did find the product I was looking for that was sold out at another Sally's.  Which is the only reason they got two stars instead of one.
5	Yelp 365 challenge: Review 006/365 (8/6/2011)Being a townie in Honolulu, Hawaii, the presence of a Sally's Beauty Supply in my near vicinity is superduper fantastic!  I've never been to the store (even though there's one located in west Oahu, a.k.a. out of town), but I've browsed the website and found several goodies - just to be turned off by the S&H fees ($14.95 two-day / $24.95 overnight).  Fortunately, it just so happened that during my last LV trip we needed to go to Walmart ... and, while still in the parking lot, I spotted SBS!I fell in love with the store on first sight, even though it's small and short-staffed.  Maybe it's because it was my first time there and I'm unable to make a comparison to other SBS branches, but who cares???  Shampoos, conditioners, hair color, combs, stylers, waxing kits, nail polish, body lotion, shower gel, makeup brushes, OMG!  And cheapcheapcheap!!!  Most of all, I could finally purchase my Hair One cleansing conditioner!  Of course, I had to stick with purchasing only "non-hazardous" products, so I bought just the conditioner (two varieties), a comb, two bottles of pre/post color treatments (for my mom and I, since we both use boxed dye) and a very interesting plastic contraption that's supposed to curl hair while blow-drying (also for my mom).  I also paid for a Sally Beauty Club Card, which costs $5 up-front but allows for member pricing on merchandise (including same-day purchases).All in all, I had fun shopping here.  Stores like this remind me of how great it is to be a girl (well ... sometimes at least)!  Five stars.
4	I was a Pantene shampoo kinda girl, that is until I turned gray.  I decided several years after dying my gray that I would let it grow out and just let things be natural again.  So I studied what I should do to make the most of gray and I discovered I needed to use a purple shampoo, something about keeping it from yellowing?  Anyway, Pantene made a shampoo for gray hair, but suddenly they redesign their line and did away with it, leaving me without.  I finally discovered a list of alternatives and began searching for them in the usual places like the drug store only to discover, they don't sell them there.  But someone suggested Sally's and I went in.  I was surprised to find a couple of choices and have tried both.  The prices seem a bit more than what I had been paying for the Pantene brand, but if you go in with a coupon, or catch a sale, you can get a good deal.  This store is small but packed, the location is convenient and the staff are always friendly with me.
1	I come to this location because its convenient and close to where I live but the staff isn't very helpful and they seemed like they had an attitude. They had what I was looking for but I wouldn't come here to get any information or tips on beauty needs from the staff here.
1	This location is very convienent for me and the owner of the store, an older lady is very friendly and helpful.  Today I went to this store and got what i wanted, when i got to the cashier line there was one customer and the cashier was talking. I had to wait for more than 10min and she didn't even bother to apologize she kept on talking in spanish as if I weren't there. I politely asked her if she could please assist me insted of sorry or i will be with you in a min. she started shouting and saying that she is with a customer and continued her conversation and when she was done she started assisting another guest who was asking  her about a eyeliner. At this time i was so frustrated i asked her to call me the manager. The manager came apologized and told me she will help me she didn't even ask her why she didn't help me. In this economy its there lose because i will never go back again.
1	Very rude and racist. I was looking for a certain hair moisturizer and they were not help ful nor were they polite. My husband and I were eyeballed and followed throughout the entire store, keep in mind they didnt help or say anything just followed us. As we were leaving to take our business elsewhere, the nerdy looking gay guy at the register made a joke about being robbed. What the hell do i need to steal anything from sally's for? Her Glory is a black owned beauty supply that is very well organized and the workers are very polite and helpful. And no i was not paid to say that, they are just not for us. Thats all the attention im going to give sally's.
1	Wasted time and money, and damaged my hair because of extremely bad advice from one of the staff. Had to chop it. Afterward, I went back to return the products I didn't use and explained what happened to the cashier and received very unfriendly customer service.
