5	Great food and very well priced for the portions.  We tried the spring rolls, green curry with chicken, and pad see ew w/ Beef.  All were some of the best I've had in years, and certainly some of the best in the valley.   Update:We've been back here at least 10 times and it's always great.   The north scottsdale location however isn't as good, get to the shea location.
4	What a nice little Thai restaurant! We have been here a few times, and each time the food has been high quality and really good. We got the pad thai with tofu and the sweet and sour chicken and orange chicken. They only use white meat chicken and they use nothing but fresh vegetable's for all of their dishes.  There soup is also to die for, especially the Tom Kai Gai.  The portions are generous, the prices are reasonable, and with fast and efficient service you really can't go wrong here.  This is also an excellent place for take out, they always say 15 minutes, but it's ready in about 10 minutes.  And, if you go to their website they have a 10% off cupon that you can use.  Another cool thing is that you can specify how spicy you want your order, anywhere from 1-5 (5 being the spiciest), which is really a nice feature to customize your order.  Whoo, yay Thai House!4.5/5
4	I've only had lunch here twice, but both times it was excellent.   The red curry is perfect.  The panang chili is also very good.  The prices are very reasonable and the staff is efficient for the most part.  The temperature has been a little chilly both times we were there and it is also slightly loud.   All in all, I'm a fan!
4	while i miss sabudy's that used to be in this spot, i'm very happy that i can still find food i love in this location!so as for food, i give 5 stars.  but they put a fountain inside, and its so loud for this tiny space.  there's nothing to absorb the sound so trying to have a conversation is almost impossible.  take out is an option and i've done both eat in and take out, and there is no loss of quality by taking it home.by far the best dish there is the pineapple fried rice.  it is absolutely delicious!!  while we usually have some to take home of our other dishes, this goes rather quickly.  you get a nice crunch from the cashews and sweetness from the pineapple.  we get a bit spicy so you get that too.  just really nice flavors.we've also tried the rice noodle soup, which is good but we got served with a ridiculously tiny serving spoon.  we also asked for the shrimp on the side (i don't eat it, but everyone else in my party did) and they only brought out 4.  the ginger delight with chicken is also very tasty.  the yellow curry is really good and nice on a "cold" arizona winter evening. the massamun curry is also very good.lastly, i had a bit of their thai iced tea.  it was nice, not too sweet but lots of good flavor.i'm a big fan of thai food, and this is one place that i keep going back to.
3	Everyone that works here is just so smiley and nice you just feel compelled to order some food! I stopped by on my way home just to check out the menu, and ended up ordering the Orange Chicken and "Rice Noodle Soup" ( thin rice noodles with chicken, shrimp and bean sprouts in broth - similar to pho) and they were nothing too special, good quality food but just so-so. The flavor was 'fine' ... wasn't the best orange chicken I have tasted, but I was very impressed with the all-white meat - no knuckles here folks! I am used to a spicier Thai flavor, but I give them a 10 for their friendly customer service, a 10 for their smiles, and a 10 for kid friendliness. If you want to get your kids interested in eating something more exotic than McDonald's .. this is a great take-out place.
4	I love Thai food and this place has the goods, they even have different levels of how hot with spice your entree can be served. Pad Thai is my go to dish and how I measure the Thai places I frequent and Thai House did not disappoint me one bit. The portions are enough for two people to share and  they have many other dishes to choose from. We went on a Wednesday night there was no waiting and the food was served fresh and fast.  They even do an awesome job of packing  to-go orders which is an art in itself.  Go to the Thai House you will be glad you did.
4	Thanks to my beautiful wife i have become a huge fan of Thai food over the years...and this restaurant does not disappoint. The day we visited my wife had the Pad Thai and i had the Thai Fried Rice with Chicken. The use various levels by number (1-5, spicy to really, really, really spicy) Now be advised it may be a little difficult to see because the entrance to the place is actually in a little strip mall and it doesn't face Shea Blvd...even though the sign on the building does. If your coming down Scottsdale Rd...once you turn onto Shea Blvd...u will have to make a left turn at the first light you see and then a quick right into the mini strip mall. The restaurant sits right across from an apt. complex and it will be worth the effort once you have located the establishment. Eat, Drink and be Merry my friends.
4	I've been a big fan of the other Thai House location for awhile now, so I was excited when I noticed this fairly new location was up and running and a lot closer to where my current home is located.  I've ordered take out from this location twice and both times I've been completely satisfied.Tonight I called in the following order for four of us:-2 orders of summer rolls-1 order pad Thai with chicken and shrimp - medium spice-1 order pad seu eu with shrimp and extra broccoli - medium spice-1 order eggplant with  mixed veggies-extra riceMy brother picked it up fifteen minutes later and it was delicious!  Each dish was filled with flavor and just enough kick.  Everyone enjoyed the meal... not only was it affordable, but it traveled well.Now if Thai House would only open another location in Old Town, or if they delivered, I'd be one happy camper!  But in the meantime, I highly recommend take out from Thai House.
4	Love the Tom Yum Koong, a seafood hot & sour soup!  We liked at a '3'
4	This is excellent thai/chinese food. I eat here for lunch generally at least once every week and a half. Nice quick and cheap food. I've probably tried seven or eight dishes on the menu, and they have all been quite good. You can choose your spiciness level so no worries about blowing up your taste buds.
4	We had some friends stop by and we decided to try this place since the middle eastern restaurant I wanted to try became Italian.We ordered the Spring Rolls, Char-broiled Chicken, Spicy Beef Basil and Chicken Chow Mein. All of it was very tasty, but  the mild sauce was a little weak. Next time we'll try medium.  We only had water to drink and for 4 hungry people, with the tip, the cost was a little over $40. Such a deal for really flavorful meals.We've been to several Thai Places in the valley and this one is on top of our list for several reasons. It's affordable, delicious and within driving distance.
4	Love Thai House! It is down the street from me, so I go there quite a bit. Mostly I get takeout, but dining in has been good as well. The interior is nice, much nicer than their Pima location which happens to be near where I work and often eat lunch. I always get the Phad Thai which, even if you order spicy #5, isn't that spicy. Sala Thai has it right when it comes to the spice, but that is another review. I recommend this place- whenever I am sick, I go and get their wonton soup- the broth is excellent! Enjoy it, the price is right and the food is great.
4	I eat here at least once every week since it's close to my office, and they are always quick, tasty and reasonably priced.   I usually get one of the lunch specials (even the Chinese-sounding dishes have a Thai flair, especially if you order them with extra spice), but if you're hungry the house special chicken is well worth the extra buck, as are the Thai noodle dishes (the pad see ew is my favorite).  The wait staff is always friendly, the food is always quick, good and reasonably priced.  i haven't had a bad experience in several dozen visits, and i'll continue to call myself a regular.
4	Thai House is one of those restaurants that isn't afraid to flavor and spice the food the way it should be which immediately gives it two thumbs up. The fresh spring rolls had alot of flavor and probably the best I have had in a long time. The fried egg rolls were good but not great like the spring rolls. I sampled three entrees -- shrimp pad thai, beef kee mow and chicken pad see ew. The pad thai was perfectly cooked and prepared with a very fresh and flavorful taste but to my taste it was a little lacking in tamarind. The kee mow didn't shy away from taste or flavor with tender beef, al dente noodles and a nice kick to warm up the mouth. The pad see ew was nearly the best I have ever had with a huge amount of flavor and a kick not often seen at most restaurants. The wide noodles were perfectly cooked, vegetables were firm, and the meet was nicely tender and flavorful. It was hard to stop eating it was so good. If I were rating on food along Thai House would get 5 stars. However, the service was a bit lacking with less than attentive server and the server wanted to charge us extra for a little (I mean about two teaspoons) peanut sauce to go. The restaurant is very clean, well lit and comfortable but the waterfall was pretty but on the loud side and had the faint smell of chlorine which is a bit of a turn off. Even with these deficiencies I will add Thai House to my favorites list if only for the awesome Thai food.
5	Great food! Pad Thai is the best i've found. Great place for date. Thumbs Up.
4	Now my go-to place in the land of stripmalls.Be careful, they bring the spicy if you ask for it.
1	Met a girlfriend there for lunch the other day.  Waited 5~10mins seated at table for my girlfriend to show up.  The whole time ignored by the waitresses.  Finally my girlfriend shows up, we order, our food arrives with no utensils on the table for us to eat with.  I had to practically shout down the waitress to bring us table settings.All this would not have made me give this eatery a one star . . . the thing that really ticked me off was my girlfriend wanted to have shrimp in her dish.  Paid $2 extra on top of a $6.95 lunch special.  That's a 25% surcharge.  The dish comes and I look for the shrimp . . . THREE, that's right, THREE measly, little shrimps.  Those shrimps better have been organically raised and human fed for the price they charged.I complained to the waitress.  Instead of taking the $2 off of our bill, she tells us she would take 5% off of the total bill which amounted to $0.60.Wow, that's a big deal . . . not.Then she comes back and tells me that she can't do the % discount because the computer won't let her do that during lunch, only during dinner.  Really?!  What kind of B.S. is she feeding me??Hint:  if you are working as a waitress, be honest and bend over backwards for your customers because they are the ones paying you, not the $2.50/hr. you get paid from the restaurant!I was so mad over the whole incident that I actually did not tip my waitress and I usu. am a generous tipper.Needless to say, Thai House has lost a couple of customers over $2.  Really, $2 for 3 shrimps.  Haven't they heard that times are bad and people want to feel like they are getting some value for their hard earned dollar?And please, don't feed me some B.S. about the computer can only discount a bill during dinner!TWO THUMBS DOWN!!
4	It's my 100th review!!! yay! Went here yesterday afternoon for linner it was originally supposed to be a late lunch but my timeliness plus my dinner date's class ending late past 3:30p and traffic on the 101 north coming from tempe made our 4p meeting switch to 5p. Found the place on the left side if going westbound on shea after scottsdale road.It's always nice to see a good friend especially if you haven't seen them awhile, it makes for great conversation especially over soup, we ordered a bowl of tom yum koong. Now, in other places tom yum is made with lime amongst other things that make this hot and sour soup so fragrant and delicious but this version lacked the limes and in its place were tomatoes and onions. interesting combination. In the broth was plenty of lemongrass, and galangal root, oh, and I must commend them for the amount of shrimp in the bowl, there was plenty, i think between the two of us we both had at least 6 pieces of shrimp. yum!Honestly what peeved me with this thai restaurant was their lack of lime! It's a simple ingredient necessary for either bringing down the heat of the spice or enhancing the flavor. Michelle my dinner date asked me what I would rate this establishment, and the lack of lime gives this place not a true 4 but like a 3.75. We ordered pad thai, and asked for cilantro as an accompaniment to the noodles to add more flavor, and a chicken green curry. BOTH came in large portions, the pad thai was okay not the best but not bad either, next time i'll try the Pad Se Ew. The green curry was delish, loved the curry and the taste of basil. We had plenty of leftovers and our servers were helpful and available. Overall it was a great dining experience. A must eat/try in the shea corridor.
4	The only thing you can say critically about the Thai House is the location isn't a home run.  But get past that, and get inside because the food is top shelf and the recepies are authentic making this a fave five spot for my family.  Start with a Thai Iced Tea, try a spicy soup, and don't miss the curry - but beware of the heat index and order according to your ability to enjoy flame in your flavor!  My personal favorite is tradtional Pad Thai - the perfect balance of peanut and chili spice with sticky noodles & chicken...
4	I really like Thai House. I have come back to eat here at least 5 times now because the spicy basil chicken and fried wontons are awesome and I get cravings for them! The only reason I wouldn't give it a 5 star rating is because they get busy during peak hours and tend to be a little slow in getting the food out, but their food makes up for it! I have also tried the Garlic chicken which is good but I prefer the spicy basil. My friends have told me the Pad Thai is great, and Spicy Eggplant also tasty.
3	Now, I'm not a huge fan of thai cuisine but went there with some co workers who love thai food. Now their favourites usually are Thairama but they seemed to like the food here too. I played safe and ate the panang curry which I will say was good. The others had thai basil chicken, the red curry which were good too. The helpings are decent as well. If it can be taken to mean complimentary, if i am dragged to eat thai food, i will eat here. I also liked the interiors and the fact the place didnt have the strong aroma of thai food when you step in. Could be difficult to find just passing by .
3	Went here today during lunch from work. There were five of us and we each got one of their lunch specials for $6.95 which includes rice and either a salad or soup. A great deal and the food was pretty good! The decor leaves a little to be desired. Its a good place for exactly what we did-a quick lunch, but don't choose it for a date night.
3	This place was empty and that usually makes me worry. But the food was fantastic. We had our usual spring rolls, Tom Yum and Pad Thai...it was all excellent and hit the spot.
4	Great food! My lady had the chicken fried rice which was awesome. I had the green curry which was really good. Not the best I've ever had but really good. And it was alot of food too. I love leaving with left overs :)
4	So nice I came back twice!!
4	I love this place. Been here twice now and the food is amazing and authentic. The lunch specials are great, can't go wrong with the panang chicken and egg drop soup with chicken fried rice for $6.95. The staff is very nice and they remembered me but they do get behind at times with keeping your water full. Either way I'll keep coming back again and again, I've heard it's the best Thai in the valley so why waste time finding a new spot?!
5	Please eat here if you love Thai food as much as I do! I've never been disappointed! The beef pad thai is some of the best I've ever tasted. The tom ka gai, rad nar, garlic chicken, and pretty much everything else I've ever ordered here is great. I try to get one new thing each time I go.This is also the first place I tried Thai coffee. Excellent! You won't be disappointed.
1	Waste NOT Want NOT!Had the Tom Yum Soup:  was extremely fishy tasting.  They explained that there must have been too much fish sauce and they took it back without our small dishes that had portions of our soup with the majority of the chicken.  We were surprised that when it was returned; it was the original soup we gave them (with less chicken cause minus what we took out when we first tried it) to which they must have put more seasoning in to curb the fishiness.  We wouldn't have had a problem with keeping the original soup had they put our bowls of soup back in but now we had less meat and mostly broth left since it was thrown away before the 'fixed' soup arrived by another server.  Also, we wouldn't have minded them not wasting the dish (but since they threw away the majority of our original dish); they should've added some chicken back into the soup and not been so 'cheap'.Server asked if we wanted to order anything else and we politely said no since we didn't want to chance another poor food experience.  Server was sweet was the only consolation since we left hungry with less money since they also charge extra for rice.  Back to Malee's Thai Bistro we go!
4	Quiet place.  Tucked away. Good food good service. Havent tried too many thai places but...The pad Thai and green curry were amazing. We had spicy level 3. It was good. Next time Im trying a 4.
3	The food is okay for Thai food. It's better than Thai Basil but not better than Yupha's Thai Kitchen. I wouldn't recommend anything sweet and sour. I had sweet and sour tofu, and the sauce had a really weird taste-- it tasted kind of like tomato sauce or something. The Pad Thai is pretty average. The portions are a good size for the money. I usually get two meals out of one dish.
5	Randomly drove by this place one day and boy were we glad! Our food is always great, good portion size and great prices. I will say that we did try the spring rolls last time and beware if you don't like mint. They were stuffed with mint leaves and it overpowered everything else. I always get the Pad Thai and it's amazing!!
3	I've gotten lunch take out here a few times. The only thing I've tried is the drunken noodles. While I think they are pretty decent, I have been having serious issues getting the right spicy-nes. The first time I got them, I asked for level 3 spicy. Their spice meter goes from 0-5. I love love hot and spicy Thai food, however these noodles were practically inedible. Yet, they were so delicious at the same time I devoured the entire thing. And I felt like I was going to die later, as my stomach felt like a fishnet stocking...The second time I ordered them I asked for level 2 spicy. This time they were not spicy at all. At all!! They were so bland. I mean, they still tasted good, but were missing that drunken noodle kick! So, at this point I don't know what to do. Obviously every cook there must have a different idea of what each number means. The last time I ordered from here, I simply said drunken noodles. I didn't specify a spicy level. I figured maybe this would give me the perfect in between spicy that I so desired! Well, when I got them, they were more bland than the level 2. And tasted kinda weird. I will give them another try as they are right across the street from my work, and I hope we can work out our spicy issues! 4 stars for the service, they're really friendly here2 stars for the food, until we can work out our issuesAnd 4 stars for the convenience!
4	So it's the exact same menu as their place on Power / Southern only $2 more expensive for every dish. They do have gluten-free soy sauce and everything can be made gluten-free on request, just like their Mesa spot.
4	We were planning on going to their other place near Frank Lloyd Wright, but they're closed on Sundays. Had the Tom Yum soup, spicy noodles with shrimp and the "yellow" curry with tofu. It was my 3rd time here (5 for the other one), Good (really a 3.5), but the soup was a bit thin and spicier than a 3 on their scale, although 3's were perfect for the other dishes. Will still come back, but prefer the other, plainer one. I'm still searching for the perfect (crispy) Mee Grob...
4	This place serves really great Thai food at reasonable prices.Staff are friendly and nice.  Restaurant is unpretentious and comfortable.I try to go here at least once a week, and often get take out.Recommended  to friends and all they become regulars too.
4	Been around 6 times so far; still the best I've found in the area though that's not saying much (having visited Thailand and lived in the Bay Area!).  The vegetable dishes are great, and the spicy catfish is awesome (it's a 'special' but seems to be on the board all the time).  The larb gai (chicken salaid) is good too,though they serve too much chicken in my opinion on a small plate (you need to get at the lemon juice at the bottom, which is hard with a small plate piled high).  The big disappointment so far is the curries. They have about 6 curries, and each one comes with a choice of meat (or prawn/tofu). Now, if you've had authentic Thai curries like Massaman, it will come with tender cubes of beef, which are soaked through with the flavor and fall apart with the fork. But here, because they offer 'mix and match' "Meats", they simply dump in the pre-cooked meat and cook for a few minutes. My beef curry therefore consisted of thin slices/pieces of beef, which completely misses the point of the curry. I recommend they stop offering every curry in every combination, and get some real cubes of beef in there! But the place does good overall and sells beer (unlike their place at Pima/Frank Lloyd Wright), so I'll give them 4 stars!  Their 'Chang' beer is better in my opinion that Singha, which gives me a headache!
2	I spotted Thai House while driving on Shea one evening.  I love Thai food, and my friend who is gluten free noted their menu provided many gluten free options. The restaurant is located in a little shopping center and is a medium sized restaurant.  I ordered the Tom Yum (as usual) and some curry with green beans, carrots, and potatoes.  I was pleasantly surprised at the perfect "sneaky spicy" of all of it.  The curry dish was humongous, and after dining in, I will have at least four more meals out of it.  The Tom Yum cup of soup was also a very large cup and was more like a bowl. The prices were normal for this type of food.  We went on a Saturday evening, rather early, and the service was excellent. My friend ordered the green curry with seafood. She raved about her food and enjoyed the brown rice option. The service was an issue this past evening when my friend and I were craving Thai food. The wait staff saw us, and 20 minutes passed without one waitress asking us what we'd like to order.  They were rather busy, but we stayed for the 20 minutes and we were completely ignored!  The table of people who had come in at the same time were giving their orders a few minutes after they arrived. I don't know why we wasted so much time, but we left after we were again ignored by the wait staff.
5	Very happy with the food here. The soups were great and so were the two noodle dishes.  Prices were very reasonable.  Would definitely go again if in the area.
4	I live in Tucson but was in Scottsdale with my mom for a few days. I was craving Thai food and my mom agreed we'd check out Thai House for dinner, as it was just a few minutes down the street. I'm so glad we did!The restaurant was small but felt roomier because of vaulted ceilings and cleverly placed mirrors. The decor and lighting was pleasant and not too bright (as some Thai restaurants I've been to have unpleasant fluorescent lighting). We ordered 3 out of 5 spiciness level for Gang Ka-Ree and Pad Thai, both with chicken. OH MY WORD. SO delicious! The curry was the best I've had, and it's a dish I try at most of the Thai restaurants I go to. It was the perfect blend of spicy and sweet from the coconut milk. The Pad Thai was great too, but that usually is not hard since it's such a popular and "Americanized" dish.My mom and I both ate way too much but it was worth it. We should have ordered one dish to share rather than two. Our hotel room didn't have a refrigerator, so unfortunately we couldn't bring our leftovers home. So sad... We had to wait a bit for our bill because the restaurant was extremely busy by the time we finished our meal, but we weren't in a hurry so it was no big deal. Servers were friendly and kind.Next time I'm in Scottsdale I will be visiting Thai House again--with an ice chest for leftovers if necessary!!!!
3	If you're hungry and you don't know much about thai food. This place is pretty okay. I have no complaints. They wait staff was kind and attentive, the food was timely, and the restaurant was clean. I just wasn't knocked off my chair with deliciousness the way i like to be with Thai food.The portions are sharing size so an appetizer and an entree will be enough for two. Try the Iced Thai Tea. It was pretty good.
5	My family and I love this restaurant--as well as the FLW location. We moved to Phoenix about four years ago and it took us a good two years, eight Thai restaurants to find one we love. We always order #33 mussamum and 34 gang gai and they are the best I have had anywhere. The staff is always friendly. The only negative is that at this location they have a waterfall that drives us crazy because it's so loud in the dining room so we always get takeout :)
5	I haven't been to Thailand so I cannot comment on the authenticity, but this is definitely the best Thai food I've found in Scottsdale and vicinity. I particularly like that they aren't cheap with the meat, e.g. in noodle dishes.Particularly recommend #33 (mus-sa-mun curry) with tofu and #42 (spicy noodles with chicken). Get a 2 or 3 on the spice scale, some peanut sauce on the side. I also enjoy #22 (sweet and sour chicken). Never eaten in the restaurant, always done take-out. It looks neat and very clean, service is friendly (but can be hard to understand), and the portions/prices are definitely right. Always got leftovers for a happy repeat of a nice Thai take-out dinner.
5	Heart be still I loved this place. Way better than I expected. I had the spicy noodles and they were delicious, flavor great and quality was on point. For desert the sticky rice with mango, I dream about it now. Highly recommend if you are in the mood for Thai food. I'll be back!
5	This Thai restaurant is excellent!  The quality of their ingredients is first rate. You can order dishes on a 1-5 scale of heat, which should please everyone. The restaurant decor is beautiful, and the staff efficient and friendly. Their prices are also very good,and, they offer brown rice, which is most appreciated...we have eaten many times and never be disappointed.
4	Really enjoyed the yellow curry.  Have eaten this dish many times at many places and is was very tasty.  Ordered a 4 out of 5 on the spice meter...could have gone with a 5.
5	I've been here a few times, eating something different every time, and have yet to have a meal I didn't find delicious. The egg rolls are the best I've ever had. Very reasonable prices, too, and the lunch special is a steal.
1	People came and went. They picked up to-go orders, paid their bills, got on with life. They loved, had children, died, were reincarnated as sea creatures. I just sat there. No menu, no water, no service. I was wearing a shirt and shoes, too.Finally, we were the only people left in the restaurant, and the servers just started cleaning other tables. No menus. No waters. No acknowledgment of being alive. Considering I wasn't wearing my invisibility cloak, I don't really get what was going on.I won't go back, but if I did, they probably wouldn't even realize I was there...*cries under invisibility cloak*
4	Thai House is a great find! The restaurant is very clean and simple and the food was fresh and tasty (and affordable!). I had the Pad Thai and Spring Rolls. Both were gluten free. It's a great place for a week night date night with my husband. I can't wait to go back.
5	Thai House excelled - again. Two months ago I placed a take-out order of the spicy noodles w/ chicken, spice level 2. It came out being a 6 or 7 - inedible. Called to complain and was promised they would make it right next time.Came back a few days ago and mentioned the incident. The guy behind the counter went through some notes, found my name and offered me another spicy noodles on the house. Bravo! And it was excellent; perfect spice-level and flavorful. Kudos, Thai House.
5	Thai House is a gem.  Their lunch panang is ridiculously good.  Perfect hole in the wall with delectable choices.
4	I'm surprised that I hadn't written a review for Thai House yet, not even their other location in Scottsdale that I frequent just as much. This location is where I go for take-out since it's the closest to my home. I go to the other one to dine-in since it's usually during lunch when I'm working. This location's interior is a lot larger and nicer looking. The food at both are pretty consistent.The pad thai with chicken and panang curry are my two favorites, I always have a hard time deciding which one I want. I find that the pad thai can be a little hit or miss. Sometimes it's a little on the burnt side or greasy side. The panang seems to always be the same. I also wish that the pad thai came with a wedge of lime. They also have a spicy level scale. I always go for 1 or 2 (not too spicy). The last time I got the pad thai with spicy level 2, it was way too spicy. I'm kind of a wimp when it comes to spiciness but even my boyfriend said it was really hot. You could tell just by looking at it that there were a ton of red flakes. I wish the spiciness level was also a little more consistent because that can make or break the meal.The best time to go is for lunch because their lunch specials are really great and the portions are huge. It's a little more on the pricey side if you go any other time. However, this is one of the best options around where I live so I've never tried to go anywhere else. Take-out is always really quick. I live about 10 minutes away. I always call in my order right before I leave because by the time I get there it's always there waiting for me.
3	3 1/2 stars for Thai house. Don't get me wrong, their food is amazing, and their curries are pretty close to unique Thai. And I love them spicy. However, when upon ordering you're asked how hot you want your curry (on a scale of 1 being the lowest and 5 being the hottest), it usually never comes out the way you except it. Like I said, their curries are amazing. I've had the red, yellow, and green curries and they've never disappointed. Green is probably my favorite between them all. They also have a vegetable house soup which is absolutely delicious, light, and flavorful. I would recommend it.However, one time I ordered the curry noodles. The noodles were so overcooked that they pretty much congealed together and it was near impossible to pick them up, let alone distinguish noodle to noodle when it came to eating the "paste"Also their service is somewhat snooty and rude, and doesn't pay much attention to you or your questions.
1	I have eaten in Thai restaurants all over the US due to my job.  This rates among the worst I have had.  Not sure where to start.  The vegetable soup tastes like it was made with bullion, the papaya salad was so salty we could not eat it and the pad thai was just weird and not at all flavored like anything I have ever had at a Thai restaurant.  Service -prompt at first but once the food was delivered we were forgotten.  The door was open at our table on a very "cold Phoenix day" and we closed it.  A server came along and opened it, I explained we closed it because it was cold and he continued to prop it open and not say a word. . . . there are much better Thai restaurants in Phoenix.
5	Very good Thai food. Frequent this place often. Panang curry is the best. Spicy sweet at the same time.
5	By far my favorite Panang Curry dish in all of Arizona. It is awesome! My wife loves the Pad Thai as well.
4	I can't decide...3 or 4 stars???service is probably what is going to push it up to four.This place has the best Thai Tea that i've had up north. This is what sets it apart for me.Their spice is a full heat, NOT a pinpoint, kill you, unenjoyable pain.We always get Pa-Nang when we eat Thai. This place has one to rival some of our favorite places in town.I would love to come back and see if they were a good or bad fluke the time we went.
3	Ok
4	The best Thai food!!! Thai house on shea....its chicken panang with extra basil. Also the chicken satay extra peanut sauce is amazing! thats all we have had before! Not open till 4 on Sundays!
4	Cute, quaint, simple, honest. I really like this place.The pad thai isn't the best I've had, but it's still very good. The portion is large, and the price is reasonable. The green curry is really good. I don't think it's too sweet, and there's tons of vegetables in addition to protein. I loved the cook on the tofu. I did ask for medium heat and I felt that I was given mild. I have a high tolerance for spiciness so maybe that's why it didn't seem as hot to me. In the future, I'll definitely get 5/5 on the heat scale.The peanut sauce is really thick, creamy, and sweet. I personally prefer peanut sauce to be a little spicier, but my husband went crazy for it. He couldn't get enough!Overall, very nice. If I'm in the area, I will stop by again.
5	Great panang curry!  I pretty much always get this dish at Thai restaurants and this is one of the best ones I have had. Great service and prices, too.
4	Delicious!  I had the ginger chicken (my standard when I eat Thai).  My Mom had a yellow curry tofu that was pretty good as well.  We also had a Satay appetizer that was really good and came with a peanut sauce and pickled onions and cucumbers.  Everything was fresh, the portions were huge, and the service was really fast and friendly.  A great girls lunch.
5	Just ate at Thai House for the first time and I have only good things to say.  We ordered four different entrees and an appetizer, and everything was delicious.  The portion sizes are extremely generous, and the prices are very reasonable - especially given how much food you get.  (My pad see ew was $8.95 and I will easily get two meals out of it)  The orange chicken was the best I've ever had.  I cannot wait to go back here again!
4	Absolutely love this place! Pad see ew is terrific! I've also had the spicy noodles, pad thai, thai fried rice, pineapple fried rice. Haven't had anything I didn't like from here. Take out is also fast and easy and has become pretty much a weekly occurrence. The staff is nice and the restaurant is clean. Definitely one of the best thai restaurants in Scottsdale.
4	We actually showed up right at opening, 4:30pm, on a Thursday. We started with sodas, Pepsi products woohoo!! Seriously! And we also got Thai tea, yummy! They came to us quickly. We got wontons and egg rolls for an appetizer. They are very good. The wonton has a huge piece of chicken in it! Nice surprise. The egg rolls are fried perfectly. The sauces for both were light and just the right amount of sweetness. They showed up quickly as well and  the perfect temp. The entrees: sweet and sour chicken, drunken noodles, pad Thai, rand nar and chow mien. The portion size was perfect yet still on the slightly larger side. The waitstaff were courteous and quick with refills and to take used plates. The restaurant is clean and quiet. Not so quiet that you feel uncomfortable speaking with your guests, but just the right level to enjoy your meal. We would highly recommend!
4	Dinner here or take out two times in one week while in Scottsdale. Pad Thai Chicken and Kung Pao Pork. Both dishes very good.  Both large portions. Will definitely stop in again when in Scottsdale.
4	Their Pa-nang is amazing!!! A must try! While I don't know if Pa-nang is a common or traditional curry, it's the first kind I have ever tried. Shocking I know since I love Thai food. I definitely need to branch out and try a red or yellow or any other color. However, I order their Pa-nang lunch special at least 2/month. Their spicy scale is 1-5. I've been ordering a 4 and for me, it's nothing to cry over but it's a great combination of creamy coconut and spice. I always ask to add their "mixed vegetables" and there's always a generous amount. For a lunch meal under $10 it's more then enough for me. Their staff are always very nice & service has always been pretty fast.
4	Probably one of thee best Thai food places i've eaten so far! the sweet n sour chicken was crispy n sweet but not greasy which i found amazing!! the seafood soup altho i rarely if never eat sea food was Very tasty! mixed Vegatbles with fried tofu wes decent.The Thai fried rice was very good! had a lasting impression on the flavor bcuz it also wasnt greasy or oily compared to places here in CA.price was moderate for thai food but worth it. cups they use are big compared to other places that use tiny cups so thats a big plus too! im half thai n filipino if that helps u decide if this is a good place to try lol.
5	The Pad Thai here is incredible. I had no spice on mine, but great white meat chicken was involved in this dish. Order the peanut sauce on the side, it is one of the better versions around town.
4	Always yummy Thai food - Pad Thai, curries, Kung Pao, spicy eggplant - all delicious. The prices are reasonable, especially considering the generous portions. The service can be a bit on the slow side if you come at a busy time (noon, 6:30pm), but they're always nice. I used to go to their Frank Lloyd Wright & 101 location, and this one is much nicer inside.
2	I really wanted to like this place but the food was overly greasy, the meat was tough and the depth of flavor just wasn't there for Thai food.
3	Food was good- pad Thai w Tofu which is my go to Thai dishBeware Their website was misleading w the prices. They need to update their prices on the website. When I objected. The cashier just smiled and shrugged.  Beware3 stars because I felt duped on the price. Call me a stickler but I like to be prepared and obviously disappointment doesn't suit me well. I could have used the extra dollars for a drink. Boo.
3	It's just fair. Yellow curry bland and a bit watery. Mixed vegetables with chicken was good not great, their chicken is tough.Beef salad...meh.Won't go back....rather drive to Totties for really great Thai!
3	I live next door and frequent this little place when I'm running late for school or coming home late from work. Either way it's a great take-out place. I repeat, great for take-out! I've dinned in twice but everything took such a long time. Sweet but inexperienced waitress. I normally get the spicy fried rice, wonton soup, or spicy noodle. Pad Thai is good as well. The reason for three stars is their fluctuation in quality and inconsistency in their spicy level (because I like it HOT!). Only really negative comment I have is there spring rolls. I've had better that were cheaper. So I advise against the rolls
5	This place is great whether for take out or eat in. Their spicy catfish is delightful and eggplant dishes to die for. The duck Salad was warm and delicious. I recommend this restaurant wholeheartedly.
3	The mark of an authentic ethnic restaurant is the ability to order in that language. You can't do that here (wait staff are all Asian, but none are Thai). Having said that, the curry is always good. The Thai tea was weak, weaker than I've had in any other Thai restaurant.
1	My husband and I ordered take out. I ordered chicken pad thai and my husband picked up our food. When he got home we realized they gave us the wrong order. When we called to let them know they were very rude and unaccommodating.
5	I have eaten a lot of Thai food in my life, but this is one of the best! I have only done "take-out" orders, so I can not tell you about the staff, waiters, or service provided. Except they are helpful when placing a order.I must say the Yelp menu on the site has not been updated. So you will just have to sort that out when you're at the restaurant or place the pick-up order.The Spring Rolls were great! The Green Curry was to die for and like most dishes, it has a little something special in it that brings out a wonderful taste in each bite you take. I can not explain it, but you just don't want to stop eating it. I have always ordered "two star" and found it to be not too hot, but flavorable. The Pad-thai is excellent and you may want to try the beef version, if you have not had it in the past.
5	We've ordered take out from Thai House twice and they are now our go to for Thai.  The panang curry, spice level 4, is awesome.  Great flavors and full of a good amount of meat and veggies.  It's a big container too, at $9.95 its a great value.  Our other favorite is the spicy noodles, spice level 3.  Again, lots of meat and veggies and fantastic flavors.  We think we've dialed in the level of spice we like, for us these levels give us nice heat without an overpowering "my lips are on fire!" burn.  Service is always prompt, ready in 15 mins or less from when we call, and the order is always packaged very well.  Two thumbs up for that alone!  To recap - great food, great prices, great service.
5	Thai house is great!  Food is always prepared well and made fresh!  I frequently get take out.  The staff is always friendly and helpful.  They have great lunch specials too!
1	Pass on this one I ordered one of the coconut soups very bland chicken poor quality no pizzazz not worth the money or the trip over there
5	Mind blowing amazing curry, pad Thai, and Thai tea! I look forward to trying more things from the menu. I love that I can specify my spicy preference to each dish with a 1-5. You will not be disappointed!
5	My favorite Thai restaurant in Scottsdale. The red curry is dope and the Tom Ka Gai is superb.
5	My wife and I stopped at Best Buy and ended up stopping here for dinner.  Not much of an atomosphere, but were were very impressed with the food. The Red Curry chicken was excellent, as well as the Pad Thai.  We'll def be returning.   The only negative is the bathroom is pretty rough - some attention to it could make a big difference to the overall feel of the place.
5	This is one of the best Thai restaurant I have ever eaten at. It's a little pricy but really worth it. The food is fresh and authentic. It has one of the best mango sticky rice I have ever had, and I spent 6 months in Thailand. If you like Thai food it's a must.
4	The food was very good and service great. Atmosphere is a little cold but it's really about the food. I would go back.
4	Good solid Thai food! Exactly what you'd expect - great curries, low prices. If you're looking for consistency, this is your place. Hard to communicate with staff, but the food is great.
4	First time visiting.   Had dinner -Mus-sa-mun curry was delicious.  Just finished left overs and flavor was great.  Service was a little slow when only one other table.
5	The food here is very good,Here's my favorite items:Tom Yum Soup with Shrimp-A-mazing broth!The only negative is loose lemongrass you have to pull out of your mouth.However the flavor is worth the work.Duck Salad-A special off the boardTangy dressing and crisp salad. Good portion of well flavored duckSpicy Eggplant-OMG good!This I have ordered with chicken and pork.Great Thai Basil flavor and they will gladly modify to suit your taste.
3	I went in here today for lunch with a girlfriend and ordered to go. I'm giving it only 3 stars because of the customer service being so poor. The gentlemen that took our order was incredibly rude to us throughout taking our order. The lunch special was $6.95, which is a great price! And the food was good and there was plenty of it! The Panang curry was good, nothing to write home about, but fine. I wouldn't go back here unless I was in the area... I love Thai food, but this isn't as good as other places I have tried in the valley.
1	I have been to this place for 3 times now... Their service sucks... Quality of food is worst... I had papaya salad and chicken fried rice last time and I had food poisoning and I threw up on my way back to work.... I am not going back again
4	My husband and I eat here at least once every two weeks for dinner. The food is always good and the waitress always remembers what we like to order. My favorite is the panang curry with chicken and I order extra vegetables. My husband orders the Pad Thai with chicken. Yum
5	Love this place.  We come here all the time.  My favorite is the pineapple shrimp curry.  Yummy!  Creamy and spicy, sweet and sour.  Love this dish.  Also the spicy thai noodles .Service is always good, and the food comes out pretty fast.  Very authentic.I think the price is pretty good for what you get, quality and excellent ingredients.Thai Tea, and the Hot teas are great!
4	Panang and Pad Thai was great!
4	Stopped in here for lunch today, joined by Scott W.  This place features a nice dining room and our table service was friendly and just right.     :-)I went with one of the Lunch Specials, which consisted of 1/2 Charbroiled Chicken (4 pieces), a good-sized serving of Fried Brown Rice and a small Romaine Lettuce salad with Thai dressing (soup instead is optional).  There was also a little cup of delicious honey based (?) dipping sauce for the chicken.  It's A BIG "YAY!" for Thai House here, where this delicious, satisfying lunch cost only $7.95!     :-))
5	The food here was absolutely delicious! My girlfriend and I both enjoyed our meals very much. I had the Panang curry and she had the pineapple rice. As per our custom, we sampled eachother's foods and couldn't decide which one we liked better. I also enjoyed a (reasonably priced) Thai tea with my meal. If you're in the Scottsdale area and have a hankering for some Thai food, this is definitely a place to check out!
4	Met Rand H for lunch here.  Had a good red curry with chicken. Medium heat was exactly what I was expecting.  Service was excellent.  Pricing was reasonable with the lunch menu we chose from.  I would certainly go back.
