1	I have taken my dogs to various places in different cities when I travel and I have never had any problems.  Its hard for me to write a bad review but I felt I had to give other pet owners my opinion.I took my two maltipoos  who have been nicked before so I asked the young lady to please be careful around the ears and butt.  When I went to go pick them up at first they seemed fine, ears and butt looked intact,  but upon further inspection I noticed that my male dogs nails were bloody.  The lady gave me the usual excuse of cutting the wick of the nail.  I know this happens sometimes so I was understanding and took my dogs home.  At home, I noticed that it was not one but about 4 nails in total between the two paws that were cut too short and they had cut the wick. My male dog would not step on his paws for a couple of hours. I was upset since they didn't mention anything to me after I brought up the one nail.  This has never happened before and one nail is tolerable but so many nails on both paws is unacceptable!Furthermore, both my maltipoos where very unhappy with the perfume they put on them and where sneezing the whole day and dry heaving.The cut was fine, they did clean the ears out well, did a great job on the sanitary shave on both dogs and the females dogs nails where great but overall I will never take my dogs here again.There were three people there and who knows which person did the nail job on my male dog.  The female dog was fine but because of the experience with the male dog I would not recommend this place.
5	Ive been getting my dog groomed here for years now and have never had a problem. The turnaround is fast and they do a great job. Their always courteous as well. The kicker is, they are the cheapest grooming service I have used and with this service you get quality at a great price.
4	I got a coupon in the mail for this place.  They have the lowest price for a full grooming package for a large dog; only $30 with a coupon.  They were done in 30min and my 2 year old chocolate lab was probably not very cooperative.  They were very friendly to me and gentle with my dog.  I will be back!
1	If you love your animal, do not go here! I was about to get out of my car and go in to this place when I witnessed the most terrifying experience ever! 2 women that work in Groomingdales came running out of the building in to the parking lot. I thought that was strange and then I realized that they were chasing a dog that had escaped from Groomingdales. It was a small black dog ( collie like) with brown on its nose. It was running all over the parking lot and trying to get away from the women. The workers could not catch it. It started running toward Durango. People drive like 50 MPH down Durango. This dog could have been killed due to their negligence. Luckily for them the dog was caught and returned to the building. I could never imaging leaving my animal in a place that is not secure. How could they be so careless? Cheap is not always better people. Dogs are people too. As you can imagine I started my car and got the heck out of there.
1	Took my dog here because I thought I had read decent reviews on here but I wish I had read more, otherwise I probably wouldnt have taken my dog here. But I did, I was a little nervous and part of me wanted to turn around and leave because I wasnt thrilled with what I saw. On first look, everything was clean and even saw someone cleaning when I walked in so, I stayed bad decision. I should have listened to my intuition. I had my husband pick her up so I didnt get to examine her until she was brought home. My first inspection was her ears. Her ears were red with multiple knicks and what appeared to be razor burns( like the ones you get when your not using clean properly lubricated guards) I realize it can happen once in a while but had they taken a few more minutes to properly treat the equipment my dog wouldnt be dealing with knicks on the inside of her ears.  I did appreciate them letting her roam around rather than putting her in the crate I didnt ask for her to be left out rather just call so we can get her immediately on her being finished but on the flip side not sure if that was done on purpose as I wasnt there and didnt see what was happening . I am not happy about the knicks and I hope thats all I am going to discover on my dog. They get one star for the bath and the decent hair cut but hurt my dog and your not getting my business again
1	I called today to ask if they do lion cuts on cats, explaining that I was worried that my cat never had one before and asking if it's somehow traumatizing for the animal and how exactly they do it. The lady I spoke to was extremely rude and not helpful. It felt like she didn't really want to talk to me or answer any questions about their services. I am surprised that anyone would be that rude when a potential new customer calls.. Needless to say, I am not going to use their services or recommend them to anyone else.
1	DO NOT take your pet here. Worst place EVER to take your pet. Our dog recently got shaved there and we are now at the vet checking for burns or other infections, because his behavior has been completely different since his grooming. WORST PLACE EVER!!!!! If you want to have your dog be in pain then go here. If you don't want to feel bad for him or her the days after then go somewhere else!!!
2	Their haircuts are kinda choppy and i hve witnessed them handling a cat somewhat roughly, although i could see the cat was not cooperating much with the shave but the woman was still a little too rough with her grip on the cat in my opinion. But then again im not a groomer. The last couple times i took my dog for a cut it just wasnt that great of a job, me and my husband finished the spots they missed which they easily could have done themselves at the facility. Then the dye job was VERY light. supposed to be dark. one girl priced me at 50 for cut and dye but it was really 60 when i picked him up. He looked good, but Dont like to be told wrong info, kno it or dont say so. I will be searching for a better grooming facility
1	This will be the last time i take my dogs here. Not jyst one but three different stylists have messed up my dogs haircut! This time they totally messed up her ears and face, ONCE AGAIN we had to fix it ourselves! THEY SUCK! Oh and they always try to get as much $$ out of u as possible.... long story short they contradict themselves by saying they accept others coupons but "the lowest we can possibly go on a small dog haircut is $35" and THEY  sent me a coupon for a $25 small dog haircut. They are a joke.
1	There are a lot of choices for dog grooming, I suggest you pick another shop. I have been a customer for 2 years, but the quality of the grooming, the turnaround time , cleanlinessand the attitude of the employees has seriously declined. When I hear employees talking about how "bad" and demanding we are with our family pets, and wishing we would go somewhere else, that was the finalStraw or Me. I was just sitting in the entry waiting for my dog to get finished up after 6 hours, and I just heard them talking amongst themselves. I hate to imagine how they feel about the animals. I will not bother them any longer and I have never complained. Think about finding a caring groomer who respects the animals and the paying customer.
1	I wish the employees' attitudes were better. They're all so cold and rude, you can always hear their snappy little comments about people and the animals when you're waiting at the front. So sad.
1	So i have a blended family lol this place was my boyfriends groomer so i decided to give them a chance. I called to see if we could get a deal since we would be bringing 3 dogs. I was told on the phone $105 for all three so i made the appointment. I go to pick my furchildren up and the women says $130. I then go on to tell her the price i was quoted she snapped back " if they quoted you that, they should have done your dogs" etc. that attitude persist throughout the transaction. My boyfriend at this time is beyond annoyed. I tell her well thats what was quoted otherwise we would have went elsewhere. She counters with $110. But the issue was with the younger black women chiming in rolling her eyes and saying "thats the cheapest u'll find, thats $20 a dog" of course i commented on her inability to add obviously $20x3 pups does not equal $110 or $105. Just overall horrible experience and if they treat their customers with such disrespect i can only wonder how they treat the pups
1	I have been taking my pug to them for 2 years now. Few days ago I left my dog with them for a hair cut and bath. Yesterday I noticed behind his ear there is a red patch and when I touched it it was dried blood and about 2 inches big. I panicked and then realized that he they cut him while grooming him. My issue with this is that mistakes happen and I should have been notified about it when I went to pick him up. No one did tell me. I called to speak to the manager but she wasn't in. She then called me leaving a casual message. When I called back she did not come to the phone and asked me to call back at 5pm. No Missy you are in the wrong and you should have got on that phone and apologized as his neck is septic.I will NEVER set foot in that place again.  I don't think they genuinely care for the dogs..... my dog is my love and life and he deserves better treatment.
4	Everyone here is really friendly. Looks like they really enjoy their jobs making pets look gorgeous. Always do a great job grooming our dog. I like this place!
1	Always has been a good place, but today 2 new characters were running the place and tried to over charge me and then suggested I go somewhere else as they were yelling at me. Too bad this was my spot.  Hopefully the owner will take care of this.
1	I have taken my dog here for over 4 years a friend worked thete, when he moved he recommended a groomer here I took my scottish terrier to her about 4 or 5 times and never had a problem, I took her on Sept 9th to be groomed before leaving for vacation, it was real busy when I picked,her up I didn't look closely at her plus she had a bandana on her neck, when I got home and took it off I noticed on both sides of her neck she was bald as if a razor had been  used instead of the clippers these 2 big bald patches were red and inflamed, she also had her skirt which is usually even had big gauges in it it was so uneven, her ears were red and inflamed as if the clippers burnt her, she had a sore on her ear, 2 sores on her back from being cut not to mention this was the first time she came home acting traumatized, to me and my best friend who is a professional groomer it looked as if a "groomer in training" had did her. I called to talk to her groomer to get an explanation was told she was sick all day maybe that's why she looked terrible, I called the next morning was told she wasn't available, all I wanted was an explanation as to what happened, I called the owner Scott explained what happened said all i wanted was to speak to the groomer when I told him I showed my friend his old employee who use to groom her as well as my best friend who is a groomer thr pictures to get their opinion he flipped out on me and I'm not kidding he said "I'm sure your dog looks fu##ed up but she was sick all day and I couldn't get her any help so she had to groom her dogs for the day" I then tried to say something about if your sick have someone else groom your dog's or reschedule he then cut me off and said "listen here you psycho fu##ing bi##h your crazy and dont call again" hung up on me when I called back I said is this seriously how you treat a client of 4 years I used to work in a pet shop with grooming and he hung up again, I tried calling the shop again to try and reach her groomer one last time the manager on duty was very sweet but said the owner told her if she helped,me in any way he would fire her, whst is wrong with this guy.... I will never recommend this place and I will post my pics of my dog to show what happened! I'm only giving a star because it won't let me post without it.
5	The staff went above and beyond to accommodate me last minute.  They also took great care of my baby and had him finished quickly
