4	I think I've found a home for haircutting in Pittsburgh :)  Richard is an excellent, if but eccentric, hair dresser.  He gave me a great cut that I love, my co-workers love and my husband loves.  I also got a pedicure and brow wax here.  The pedicure was nice, though I think too expensive.  I was also reminded why I do not typically get my brows waxed in hair salons.  It's not like she did a bad job, but it just wasn't thorough and kinda painful.  Also, this place does lots of coupon-like discounts and deals.  It seemed a little strange for a place that was so busy, but it's only good for me, so hey!
5	Such a pleasurable experience! Everyone one from Jason at the front desk, to Katherine the stylist's assistant, to Richard the stylist were sweet, attentive, and professional! I came in there with a curly mess of long hair that hadn't been attended to in 9 months, and I left with hair worthy of an Herbal Essence commercial. I couldn't have asked for better service, a better style, or a better stylist!
5	Ken is amazing! He is extremely talented and definitely knows his stuff. I completely trust his judgement and suggestions when it comes to trying a new style or length, and I've always liked the outcome! His cuts grow out nicely and I get a lot of compliments. I am not in Pittsburgh any longer, and I am still looking for a stylist that can compare!
1	I'd heard great things about one of the stylists, Richard, so I booked an appointment.  The wait wasn't bad, maybe 10 minutes on a Wednesday afternoon around 4.  The girl who shampooed my hair was great, but sadly Richard was not.  He made a point to tell me we were going to have a "professional consultation" after my shampoo, which turned out to be an exercise in frustration.  He went on and on about how I was a new "guest," and he appreciated this opportunity to grow the business.  Then when I told him I was growing my hair out, didn't like anything flippy or layered, was willing to lose some length to clean up the back, and just wanted it to look really polished, it was like talking to a brick wall.  What I got were more layers in the front, and he didn't even touch the back.  Then he had a third person blow dry my hair, which turned it into the Rachel from friends, circa 1997 - huge, like a mushroom.  He kept going on about how great it looked, but all I could say was, "...It's big."  His response was, "You're not used to brushwork, it's okay, we'll do it how you do at home."  Could not have been more patronizing.  And I'm from the DC area; I've been to a few high-end salons in my time, and had a few blow-outs.  It's not brushwork in general that I'm against, it's being made to look like a human lollipop that I take issue with.  So a fourth (!) guy wet my hair again, then Richard put more product in, slicked it down to my scalp, and stuck me under a hairdryer machine.  Then he had the shampoo girl blow dry it out for the second time.  All in all a really frustrating experience - one of those haircuts where you get back to your car and want to cry.  I got the impression that the salon was trying to be high-end, but they're all pretension and nothing to back it up.  I wouldn't recommend Richard or the salon to anyone.
2	I've since had two more haircuts from Richard. The second haircut was great, but styled horribly. When I left I literally looked like I was wearing a wig from the early '90's. Once I was able to fix it myself and style it totally differently than he intended, I really loved it. The third haircut was just awful: styled awful, looked strange. I just hate it, and I'm not sure what to do about it. I'm now on the look out for a new haircutting home!
4	I've been seeing Richard at Dean of Shadyside for 2.5 years.  There have been some awesome haircuts along the way, and a couple duds.  The duds were just a bit more "experimental" than I would have liked.  Five years ago I might have been more okay with an edgy haircut, but now that I have a "real job", I feel more inclined to have normal hair.Here's the thing, Richard is an awesome stylist if you give him a lot of leeway and let him do his thing.  If you just want a simple, straight across the back haircut, go to supercuts.  Richard's haircuts are best when you  give just a little bit of direction and then let him do his thing.  My best haircuts have been the ones where I just let him do whatever he feels like.I have fine, curly hair and Richard really knows how to handle it.  He does a great job thinning it out so that it has lots of definition and doesn't look like a 'fro.Bottom line, Richard is a talented stylist, but he does best when he's given some freedom.  If you're willing to let go, give him a shot.Also - Dean of Shadyside has a referral program, you get these cards which entitle new clients to a free haircut (and you get a kickback coupon in the mail).  I get so many random compliments on my hair from total strangers that I've given almost all of my coupons away.  That's like one random-person-compliment per haircut, and that says something.
5	I died my very blonde hair with a box of bright red hair dye on a whim a month ago, which quickly faded to a light, old-lady pink.  I went to Dean's to see Ellie for the first time and she worked a MIRACLE.  She understood my financial limits and worked out a plan to fix my hair (and make it absolutely gorgeous) using as few treatments as possible (blonde highlights and a golden toner on all the rest of the pink to neutralize it.)  And she let me know about their discounts for first time customers, which made the whole elaborate sha-bang only 85 dollars.  She was more excited about the results than I was, showing that she cares about the job she does, which she's clearly good at.  Highly, highly recommended!  (Irrelevant sidenote:  weird floor manager with handlebar mustache.  Avoid him if possible.)
5	My favorite salon. I've had two different stylists here, and both were professional and entertaining. Haircuts have always been professionally done, and $25 isn't unreasonable for a good cut. I like the atmosphere, too. Highly recommended.
4	I discovered this place from a Living Daily Deal, $25 for a haircut and manicure...um, no brainer. I made an appointment with a "level one stylist" which is what the deal coupon covered.  This salon is based on the level system, basically describing how long the stylist has been with the salon. My manicure was done first, and although I waited for about 10 minutes before I was attended to and was not asked if I wanted a beverage, the manicure went well. Easy, efficient and clean.  I'm happy. After my manicure was finished, I waited another 10 minutes and had to ask for some water, however my manicurist was more than happy to get me a beverage.  Then my stylist Christina met with me.  What can I say, she "got" me.  Everything from the cut to the blow-out, plus she was sweet and friendly.  She then gave me several coupons to come back to her, and needless to say, I will be. PS I made the mistake of parking on the street, however there IS parking in the back- I didn't know, and it was not marked anywhere.
1	I went into Dean of Shadyside salon to get my hair colored. My stylist was nice and friendly however that was not the problem that I encountered at this salon. My stylist rushed through the process of coloring my hair as she had another client during the same time as my appointment. In addition, my hair was just left to hang (not pulled/clipped back) while my hair was being colored making the dark hair dye smear over my ears, neck and face. The worst part was checking out. The charge for the hair color was a decent/normal price around $50.00. However this salon charges you extra if you need more color (if you have thick hair). Are you kidding me? On top on that, they also don't include the blow dry, which yes is more money. Not pleased with all the hidden costs behind my hair color service. Won't be back .
4	I've been going to Dean's for about a year.  I've had three different stylists (once I rescheduled and once I walked in) and each of them gave me a very nice cut.  The stylists are all experienced and professional.  And the price isn't too horrible, given the consistency and safety, at $25 for a normal men's cut.
3	Welcome to the Richard show!!! He is pompous. He is talented. He is pricey. And he might just make YOU look like a million bucks!I have been to Richard at Dean of Shadyside twice for cuts.  I am the sort who sits down and says, "I don't care what you do, just give me a great haircut." Before cutting, Richard administers a sort-of consultation during which you have the chance to express your preferences until he gets a wild look in his eyes, indicating he has decided what he is going to do and seductively explains it in such a way that you can't refuse. He has a wildly ambitious passion that will make you wonder about taking him to bed, though no doubt about it, it's going to be all about him.The first cut was probably the best I've ever had. It was the sort of style that warranted countless compliments from friends and strangers alike.My most recent cut included a lap dance to the entirety of Estefan's "Turn the Beat Around." Inviting eye contact, check. Suggestive pelvic motions, oh yes. Risky jump onto rotating chair, tip increase. Flips of the hair (mine), obviously. Clipping all the while! What more could I have asked for other than for him to "take it all off!?" Luckily, I maintained composure and did walk out with a decent mid-length haircut. So, between the two experiences, I do feel that I got great bangs for my bucks. Bangs on my head, expert blow jobs and a comic fantasy for a fuck. My only real issue with this salon is the atmosphere. It has about as much character as Super Cuts and operates like a busy factory, each master stylist having his own minions to order about. The music, though occasionally a turn on for the stylists, is generally bad.
5	I recently took advantage of a Groupon deal that was made available for Dean of Shadyside, and let me tell you-I am hooked! My Groupon provided me with a cut, conditioning treatment, color, and mini manicure (aka polish change) for $50. How could I refuse? While Courtney was not as chatty as I prefer (what can I say, I like to dish...I want some witty banter in return!), she helped me pick a fabulous color toner and gave me the exact cut that I wanted. My hair feels FABULOUS. The manicure was nothing to write home about...because it was just a polish change-which I do basically every other day anyways. But my hair? Amazing. The color is fabulous. The cut is edgy and perfect. And I left with a great deal on some new products. I am already booked for my next visit at the end of the month...right on time to get sexy for New Years Eve. They share parking with the Mozart apartment building on the corner of Centre and Aiken, and it's easy to miss. It's easy to miss, but it is right across the street from Shadyside Hospital. Hit the "dean" button on the buzzer and they will let you in. Made me feel like hot stuff.Side note-be sure to bring cash for your tip-you cannot add tips onto your credit card/debit card, so you must have cash for tips. There is a generic ATM that charges $2, so be prepared.Chatty or not, I have a girl crush on Courtney for making my hair look so hot. Thanks, girl.
5	I have been trying to achieve a specific hair color for over 3 years without luck. I went to Dean's this past Friday the 5th and saw Lauren. I described to her the color I have been describing to past stylists the same way and she knew exactly what colors needed combined to achieve my base color, as well as additional highlights. Lauren is the best stylist in Pittsburgh and worth the money to get perfect results.
4	My roommate and I refer to Courtney as "Courtney Copperfield" because she is a legit magician! I gave her a picture of the haircut I wanted and it actually looked better than the picture when she was done. She also knew exactly what colors to put together to achieve the shade I wanted for Fall. Sadly, I moved out of Pittsburgh and I know it will be a struggle to find somewhere as fabulous as Dean.
5	Richard gave me the BEST haircut of my life.  My brother even complimented me on it - that's HUGE :).  He's a great hairstylist who has a passion for hair.  I'm moving out of the area, but I'll be coming back just to get my haircut done by him.
5	I just got my hair done at Dean of Shadyside Salon with Valerie. My cut was amazing. She listened to what I wanted out of my hair cut and gave me advice on what I should do to achieve the look I wanted as well. I was so excited about my cut, I re-booked for cut and color.
5	Got my haircut from Valerie who was talented and knowledgable and a genuinely nice person. It only cost me $30 since Valerie is a level 1 stylist (if you want someone who has been at the salon longer, level 2 is $40 and level 3 is $50), and they have a special for new guests, the next pre-booked appointment is $20 off! WOAH and you can refer someone to go for free. Dean of shadyside is very professional, everyone is really nice. I had a great experience and will definitely be coming back.
5	After a bad experience at MCN salon, I waited quite a while to find another place to get my hair cut. Luckily, a friend recommended me to Dean of Shadyside, and let me say... I'm hooked! Although I didn't pick up the referral card before my apt, my cut only cost $30, and Ally was able to make sense of my ramblings for a cut with minimal effort required to look good. I literally wake up, shower, blow dry (with no use of fancy round brushes) and am out the door. It even looks great in a pony for work! I was so stoked I booked a cut and highlight for before Thanksgiving. And got the BF to go for a cut (which he loved!) Thanks Ally!
1	If you are into crooked haircuts and terrible customer service, this is your salon.
4	Went there a few times now and am planning on sticking around. Friendly, timely (at least in the morning) and the girl who cut my hair did a very nice job. No-nonsense, and they are not pushy with selling you all kinds of crap - which I appreciate! Pedicure I had once and wasnt too impressed, a little sloppy and quick.
5	I got a groupon for Dean of Shadyside for hairline highlights, deep conditioning masque, and a hair cut for $35.  I had never been, but I gave it a try.  The groupon was for a level 1 stylist, and I had Erika.  She was pretty great!  I've never had highlights before, and she helped me figure out what would look good.  My highlights look great, the cut looks great, she did exactly what I wanted her to do!  I never make hair appointments far in advance, but I pre-booked my next appointment!!!  I would highly recommend this place, and I recommend Erika as well!
5	As I began my post-college life (this was before Yelp, mind you) and embarked into the real world, I realized it was high time to stop getting my locks trimmed at SuperCuts and upgrade to a real salon. My first trip to Dean of Shadyside was in the spring of 2005 and I've never looked back.Many of what my fellow Yelpers have noted is true; expect to spend time here for your services.  If you want to get in and out, this isn't the place. My feeling is my hair is pretty important, and I don't mind spending time on it.  Looking this good is worth the wait ;)Richard is my main man. I'm more conservative with my cuts, but love to play with color. My hair always looks healthy and natural, much to my surprise, whether it is red, blonde, or something in between.  Richard always does a great job when styling my hair for special events.  I've tried many of their other services.  My recommendation is to skip mani/pedis here (pricey and they don't do funky designs like I enjoy). The waxing services are great. Natasha is no-nonsense, efficient, and quick, all traits I'm looking for in a waxer (esp for more "sensitive" waxes, a-hem).Off-street parking for a $2 charge and remember to bring cash to tip.  Dean offers pre-booking benefits up to 20% off; always pre-book! Even if you aren't sure of your schedule, they allow you to reschedule once and still utilize the benefits.I always leave Dean feeling fab, and get nothing but compliments on my hair.  Give Richard some freedom, and he won't lead you astray.
5	Just a quick update from my first review a little over a year ago-Still loving Dean of Shadyside and my fab stylist, Courtney. She is far chattier than my first visit way back then. I faithfully make an appointment each month because I am hooked. Courtney has got me using some products that have brought new life to my hair. Each time I visit, I leave feeling wondering. The only thing that has changed is the free parking. They now charge $2 to park in the lot behind the building. It's actually pretty irritating. I get hooked on the place, and have no desire to look for a new salon ... because I'm very happy here! So I just have to suck it up and pay the $2 if I choose to park in the lot. It's not an inexpensive place to get our hair cut, so it seems a bit silly to charge for parking. Disappointing. Lucky for them, Courtney is great and I'm not going anywhere. I just get a sour taste in my mouth every time I am charged an additional $2 for parking there.
5	I had my first Dean of Shadyside experience two weeks ago, with a Level 1 stylist named Erica. Erica took the time to listen to what I wanted, offered some suggestions, consulted her manager, and then made sure I was comfortable with the plan before she got started.As someone who typically goes to Supercuts for a quick trim about every 6 months, Erica (and the entire Dean of Shadyside staff) converted me to a believer. She gave me the absolute best highlight and cut I've ever gotten; I'm still getting compliments from random strangers, two weeks out.The time my session took was a little out of the ordinary to me (2 to 2 1/2 hours), but that's because Erica took the time to really understand my lifestyle and what I wanted (something no-fuss, little-to-no upkeep, and fabulous). I will definitely be back, and I'll continue to recommend Dean of Shadyside (and Erica) to anyone who asks.
4	I went to Dean of Shady side based on Yelp reviews, and its as awesome as it gets. I got Erica to cut my hair, and she understood exactly what I wanted. I already have the next appointment set up. Needless to say, I loved it!
1	Terrible! I purchased a groupon, but after all of the additional fees (upgrade to a higher level stylist because no one included in the groupon was available for a month, etc) I paid full price without full price service. If you make the mistake of going here, bring cash to tip your stylist. The receptionist cannot handle tips at all. They do offer a shady ATM that you can use and pay the surcharge, then put the tip in an envelope in a comment box. Haircut was ok, but certainly not near what I expected after reading the other reviews. I left extremely upset and no one cared. Terrible customer service!
4	Update on the pedicure: Today, Natalia did my pedicure. BEST-Pedicure-EVER. I find many places/ people to be a little sloppy with the polish. Natalia took her time and seemed very focused on her work. She just did a fantastic job!Would have loved to update this is a 5 star review, but the check-out was messy. After my last appointment I called b/c I was charged more that usual, so I asked about that. The guy told me that was a mistake and I'd get $10 credit on my account. The girl today said that  there were no notes on my account about that, and told me that the last charge wasnt a mistake. Long story short, she honored the promised credit (which was nice), but I dont like to feel like I ask for a favor, and I very much dislike getting different stories from different employees. They were nice, and I'll be back - but this was a "dimmer" on the otherwise exceptional pedicure experience.
3	I've been going to Deans for a couple years now and have tried a variety of their services they offer like  waxing, nails, hair cuts (obviously), and the services Ray offers. Hair cuts:I got hooked the first time in with the free haircut coupon they give returning clients to refer new customers - good tool! The hair cut was good but I am slowly becoming dissatisfied with the cuts I've been getting. I'm anal about my bangs and they just have not been doing them justice which sucks  especially since my stylist raised her rates - something I'm not willing to pay unless its perfection. Would I return again for a cut? Probably but not unless I'm in a bind. Service:Regardless of the ok hair cut the service is ALWAYS amazing. From the friendly receptionist to the stylists to the stylists that aren't even working on you EVERYONE is nice! One touch I liked was when Dean comes in every now again and makes a point to say hello to the customers and make sure everything is running smoothly. Waxing:I am very picky about my waxing. I was not that happy with the job the lady (russian?) did. I found patches she missed?! and it could have been done much faster instead it and the pain felt drawn out :-pNails:Overpriced but the nail tech did an amazing job! I love the color selection and have even bought a few Zoya and OPIs to take home with me. Hair Services by Ray:Ray is on the Dean of Shadyside staff but its kinda like he runs his own show. He cuts styles and dyes wigs for cancer patients and for other people who wear wigs. He cut one of my wigs which I think I'm going to take back to him to try to fix. He does an amazing job though with the wash/dry/styling of my wig. He really helps make an unnatural thing look more natural. He is very sensitive and also makes me feel really comfortable about the situation - so props for that. All in all I would say I feel blase about this salon but I know I will find myself returning there no matter what.
5	I've been to Dean of Shadyside on several occasions now. I have always had a pleasant experience and often recommend them to my friends. They have a great referral program where you can give people a certificate for a free haircut and in return you get $5 off of your next cut. The free haircut got me in and now its my regular place.I got my last haircut from Ken who was great. He gave me the type of haircut I wanted while also adding his expertise. I loved the way he dried and styled my hair too. The staff are all professional and try to make your experience a pleasant one.
2	Just moved to Pittsburgh a week ago and I needed a place to get a few platinum pieces weaved into my more honey-blondish locks.  I know a fair amount about hair, and could have done it myself, but I love the ritual of going to a salon and having 'a girl.'  Dean's was basically the only place I could get an appointment same-day that looked halfway decent.  I had a Level III stylist who was nice enough, but certainly not a conversationalist.  I don't think English was her first language.  That's no big deal, but a little good cheer would have made it less boring.  Also, I love (LOVE) my former stylist in Michigan so I have high expectations for fun at the salon.  I had no fun at this salon.Dean's is kind of a mid-range pricing scheme.  Not too bad.  I paid $60 for a partial.  The concept of the salon is very bland--nothing remotely original about the place.  Judging from the name, I thought it'd be kind of funky (I was thinking Dean of Shadyside as in academic dean and thought it might have a bookish vibe).  They had one interesting product line I'd never seen before, but I can't recall the name.  I think I'll find a place that's a little more... me.
5	I was very impressed by the way this salon is operated. To ensure the stylist understands the desires of the customer, the owner requests that she repeat her understanding in front of him and the customer. The owner also provided some input of his own and engaged with me. I felt very comforted by this. The prices are average for the area, and I think, appropriate.
5	This is where I always get my haircut and color by Richard, my fav hair stylist in Pittsburgh! I was referred to Richard by a friend with a favor card. Richard is excellent in asking the right questions and making sure he understands the customers' boundaries, but I decided to become adventurous because I was so bored with my hair and I gave him some basic boundaries to comply with but told him he has my blessings to get creative! I didn't like my haircut at all, and felt very very bad! I went home and decided to take a shower and style my hair my way and I LOVED it!! It turned out it was just the way he styled it that I didn't like but the haircut was BRILLIANT! Since that day, I became a loyal customer and never went somewhere else! I had a hair color and highlights, and Richard was extremely cooperative and made sure I loved my hair color, I even called him and complained about some little detail I didn't like, and he had me come over and fixed it without charging me. Besides Richard high talent and high tolerance, the service in this place is excellent and very accommodating. It's clean and parking was never a problem.
5	Super happy with my experience --  stylist Terri was straightforward, talented, kind and efficient. I showed her a few pictures of what I had in mind to part with my shoulder-length curly hair (that had gone WAY too long without a cut) and she knew exactly what to do, and presented it to me in a way that made me know she had my low-maintenance needs in mind. She communicated well and made me feel confident that she would do a great job, and she did! I'm really happy with my short hair and am pleased that I have a second appointment already scheduled.
5	Love my hair!  I bought a Groupon for a cut and hairline highlights because I was looking for a place that would give me a good haircut.   My hair is naturally curly so I've had more than my share of bad cuts... them they try to style it and it gets worse. Not Dean of Shadyside!  Ally took the time to discuss my the color of my highlights and make sure that I was comfortable with everything before she started (I have only had highlights done once before and they were bad).  The end product was great!   She listened to what I wanted and did it!   This is the first time in a very long time that I didn't leave a salon and pull my hair back.   My next appointment is already scheduled.
2	Let me start by saying I was given a coupon for a free haircut and mani.  You have to really let me down with free to get a two-star review.THE HAIRCUT. Let's put it this way--after I went home and re-washed and re-styled it, I was really happy with it.  I really liked the girl I had.  I thought that she cut it just how I wanted.  But then she asked if I wanted her to straighten it, and I said no thanks because I have wavy hair that's pretty easy to make fancy (read: easy as in I don't use products or heat almost ever, thanks) even though it's quite long.  Somehow, she made my wash 'n wear waves into a frizzy stuff hot mess with some combination of gels and spray.  Then, she told me she was going to dry my hair to 90% dry before sending me to the mani and then check on me later.  Okayyyyyy.  Overall, haircut & style = 3 stars.THE MANIThis mani brought down the average rating of my visit as I'd give it one star.  I haven't gotten a lot of manis--maybe a half dozen times for fancy events--but I know a bad one.  It was freaking dirty at the mani station where a different girl did my nails.  The towel the girl put out had large brown stains on it!  Seriously, get some bleach.  Then I figured out what the stains were...the girl made me bleed on two fingers while cutting my cuticles.  One bled quite a bit.  But she just pretended like it wasn't happening and continued to chatter on about Black Friday shopping and her plan to score big.  Had the mani station not been in the very back of the salon, I would have ran away when--this is true--she got up to use the restroom in the middle of mani.  Um, I usually do my own nails, but I'm guessing this isn't normal.  As if she were aiming for the worst mani ever, the polish wasn't even within the lines at all.  Then, she had me sit around in a weird corner while my nails cured and said she's get the stylist.  Mani = 1 star.The stylist didn't come back after a couple minutes.  When I asked the receptionist where the stylist was, she didn't know.  I just wanted to get out of there.  So I took off the smock and left with wet hair and nails.  I was pretty bummed since I had specifically scheduled the appointment on that particular afternoon because I had a big event that evening.I actually felt like a sucker tipping at more than 20% for these services.  But I had put the tips in the little envelopes before I got my nails done and I didn't want to wait for them to dry to decrease the tip.  So I tipped and left.Summary: Free isn't great when you have to go home and immediately wash your hair and remove the nail polish.
1	The first time I went to Dean, I was content with the haircut I got for about the first three weeks. A men's haircut is pretty straightforward, generally speaking. After about three weeks, though, my hair started looking as though I had just received a bowl-cut - the hair from the top of my head was longer than the hair on the sides of my head, and it was growing down over the sides! The next time I returned, I made an appointment with a different stylist. Again, great haircut at first, but after about three weeks it started happening again, albeit to a lesser degree. The next time I went in, I decided to stick with the same stylist - Erika - as she was friendly (unlike the first, rather quiet and somewhat abrasive stylist) and seemed to be eager to give me a haircut the I liked! I let her know how the previous haircut went wrong, and she actually took what I told her and made changed. Apparently my head is somewhat square-shaped at the top, and if the top is cut a different length from the rest, then it must be done with a narrower section to avoid the issue I'd been having. After all said and done, I left with a great cut that looked great for a solid two months before I went in again. I got one more cut with Erika, and then pre-booked my next cut.When I went in for THIS cut, I got to the front desk for my appointment time, told them I had a 12:15 with Erika, and was then told "Oh. Erika left. Let's see if we can get you in with someone else."They didn't call me to tell me that Erika had quit. They didn't even reschedule my appointment with another stylist when she did. I was lucky enough to get in with one when I showed up, but it was back to square one with another haircut-turned-bowl-cut.It's no wonder Erika quit - she was too good for the place! Needless to say, I will not be back.
5	I an very happy with my haircut :) Staff are very polite too.
5	I've been here 3 times and will definitely keep going back. My first experience was a free haircut I received after being given a "Favor Card" from a friend. Each time you get a haircut, you get the opportunity to give a friend a free haircut from that stylist at a specific time or any level 1 stylist at any time. What a great way to get new clients!I was a little nervous to go with a Level 1 stylist...I didn't know exactly what I'd be getting, but I ended up LOVING my cut. A family friend (and hairstylist for 25 years) said that she was so impressed with my haircut by Erika and thought it was amazing. The next time I went, I received a discount for my second visit. Christina cut my hair and I took the plunge to get full, straight-across bangs. I absolutely loved it. One reason I was willing to try bangs is that they offer free bang trims, which is amazing! I am always afraid to do it myself and let them grow out until my next full haircut.Another great thing about this place is the levels of stylists. You can decide which level fits your budget, as each level up is a different price. This is great for someone like me who can't afford to shell out $80 on my haircuts! I have recommended this place to my friends and will definitely return!
2	I've tried to like Dean's several times over the years.  Because if you go there and then don't come back for 9 months they offer you a free haircut.  No joke.  And each time I've gone, my haircut has been.... fine.  Not earth shattering, not life changing.  But just fine.  I also went to get my nails done for my wedding- because they have a nice big space and my experience there has been.... fine.  But I swear, it's like no one there considers it their job to actually make you comfortable.  They go through the motions- they've got their coupons for repeat customers and they kind of offer you beverages and they take you back to your stylist- they act like customer service is really really important.  But every time I've gone, I have to fight to get someone to pay attention to me.  Last time I was in (today) I walked in and there were two girls sitting at the front desk.  I tried to get checked in and the girl cut me off and said "I'll get you checked in in a minute." and then told me to take off my coat and put on a service robe.  Okay.  So I take off my coat and go to where the service robes are, and there's an employee in there hanging up clean robes.  Doesn't look at me or offer me a robe, just takes her sweet time to hang up her robes.  Then she walks out without so much as looking at me.  So I go to get checked in, except there are other people at the counter and they check them out while I stand there, now late for my appointment, because no one will check me in.  FINALLY one of the people waiting to check out said "Oh, I think she was here before me" and the lady who initially told me to take off my coat asked my name, and the other lady took me back.  I go to check out after my haircut (which was fine, by the way, Courtney is lovely and gives a good haircut- and a very relaxing shampoo)- same thing!  They take my info and then do god knows what for a few minutes before telling me what I owe- which in my opinion is way too much for a haircut of this quality ( it was $25 but they took off $20 for the discount plus another $5 for my birthday which means they charge $50 for a haircut?!?).And then, turns out you can't put your tip on your card, which they do not indicate anywhere or tell you about at any time before you show up.  By some miracle, though, I actually had cash on me, though I did have to ask the lady for change.  Once I was paid they no longer had any reason to pay attention to me, so they didn't.  Which, you know, fine, but have you ever been to any place of business, let alone a hair salon, where they didn't say goodbye when you left?  I was just at Great Clips with a friend and THEY said goodbye at the front desk when we left.  So yeah.  Moral of the story:  They will cut your hair, and it will look fine.  Your stylist may be lovely.  But the overall vibe is weird and the service sucks.
1	Given the big salon, I think your experience will be highly related to which stylist you chose. I bought a Groupon for a level 3 haircut and moisture treatment. The stylist Ken spent 5 mins for the cutting, 40 mins to blow the hair dry and chatting and forgot the moisture treatment. The technique of the haircut is so poor. There is no layer of the cutting and it is not horizontally on the same level. I think he is not serious about what he did. I will not come for the second time. MCN is much better in this sense. You should definitely try to avoid him as your stylist if you choose to go to Dean of Shadyside.
5	Wasn't completely satisfied with the color I received, which wasn't my stylists' fault. I went back a week later and they were so helpful. They gave me great advice and fixed the problem. Highly recommend, great staff with great experience!!!
5	Krista is a hair wizard. Not only do I love the cut and colour of my hair I love how well informed she keeps me about everything she's doing to my hair. Her product knowledge is out of this world and she seems to really love making people look good. I would never trust anyone else with my hair.
