5	Dr. Fowler is the best dentist I have ever seen.  Myself and my family have been seeing him for years now, and the office has that 'small town' feel. Super friendly and comfortable.  Brenda at the front desk and his hygienists always knows me by name! Dr. Fowler is so so nice and such a skilled dentist too.  My favorite thing is that he explains everything.  During a filling, for example, he will always check in with you to make sure you're doing okay.  At each step in the procedure he will explain what is happening. Takes away any anxiety or nerves.  My boyfriend was thinking about doing dental school and actually got to shadow Dr. Fowler for awhile as well!  It just seems obvious that Dr. Fowler loves being a dentist, so its no surprise that he does such great work. I will be truly sad when I go off to grad school next year and have to find a new dentist, I'm sure it will take awhile to find a suitable replacement.
5	I wish we had six stars!!  I LOVE LOVE LOVE this dentist!  Dr. Fowler and his staff are absolutely wonderful.  Dr. Fowler, Carrie the fabulous hygienist and Brenda the ever-cheerful receptionist handled my dental needs beautifuly for years!  The office is pleasant, clean and homey, but the genuine warmth of Dr. Fowler really lights up the place.  He is professional and capable, all while being super friendly.  He explains everything he checks to confirm general mouth health, points out things that are great and things that he's keeping an eye on, and makes everything clear and easy to follow.  They've taken care of countless cleanings, x-rays, cavities (luckily only one), etc. for me.  These folks are efficient without ever making you feel rushed, considerate and patient - and the appointments run on time (no, really!!)  Carrie is really sweet and friendly, and takes great care not to hurt me while she does an awesome job on my teeth.  A few months ago, my insurance stopped covering my care there, and I was pretty devastated to leave.  I've found a new place, but if my insurance ever allows it, I'll be back in a heartbeat!
