1	Worst Aquarium Service!  Don came to my home to evaluate my saltwater tanks. 400 gal fish only and 200gal reef. He told me my tanks were in bad shape and in order for me to correct them " from the poor service" I had been receiving It was going to cost me about 800.00$( he recommended I replace my live rock in my reef tank... due to cynobacteria)   and then a monthly service fee of 250.00. Which was to include water changes, coral bleaching, acrylic cleaning etc. (I provided RODI water AND salt mix that was a set up in my guest house garage for easy access for him)  In the six months  he "serviced" my tank... I use the term loosely.. I lost 13 fish. Including a beautiful 4 foot zebra eel.  When I ask him why I keep losing fish I would get a pitiful response of "I don't know, I AM the one people come to for these types of problems"  To make a long story longer... I realized he had not  been performing the customary water changes that are required for aquariums. And seriously doubt he check my water chemistry.  I then checked my water chemistry and found my nitrates off the charts.  He claims he was the one who heroically brought them down from the previous service company... which incidentally did not kill my fish.Seriously doubt it as at least the other company kept documentation.  Don is dishonest and lazy. He will do the MINIMUM to your tank... clean the glass and maybe change  a filter!  I say dishonest as I gave him 60$ to replace the UV filter bulb on my sterilizer. Which he then said the new bulb "blew"  and I probably had a short in my 2 year old 400$ sterilizer. He then insisted I didnt need a sterilizer. Really?? ok?? Well I replaced the bulb after he was let go and low an behold my sterilizer works. The sad part is I should've and wished I intervened sooner for my fishes sake.  I just feel I one SHOULD NOT have to supervise a person you have hired to to a job.  Lesson learned for me because apparently you do.  However... doubt it would have mattered with Don from Crystal Coves Aquariums!
1	Are you kidding? did you not understand my post? I HIRED HIM TO DO A JOB! !! I am capable of caring for my tanks, I CHOSE to have someone care for them,  poor decision obvioulsy... why would it be my neglience?  You are correct on one comment, yes I waited too long to seek intervention... firing Don!  Unfortunately I listened to him BS me in that he had no idea why my fish were dying... he lied about doing water changes! IT'S a fact... NOT "natural occurances" my tanks were over a year old... maybe your expensive fish are dying and hes feeding you that... To say "an individual who had little impact on my tank"?  sooo what exactly was I paying him for??  advise? consolement when my fish were dying daily?  He was the  DIRECT impact on my tanks, as he was the one caring for them...   not INDIRECT.    Amazing with my lack of ability and interest and my  fish and corals are still alive since Ive been maintaining my own tanks!  Read the whole review, and dont go blaming the victim! I took my ownership in that I waited too long to intervene on poor service.   None the less it was poor service FOR ME.
1	Absolutely the worst service ever. After helping me with my aquarium he took about 500 dollars of my equipment with him and will not return it after months of me trying to get it back. Do not use this company.
