4	Easy thing to say that this building (Old Spaghetti Factory) has had a long history of being cursed... I think Sauce is here to break that curse!We walked in on a late Friday afternoon, this place is HUGE. Tons of restaurant seating available, large bar, lounge type seating near the pool tables, and a back room for live music and karaoke. We were greeted promptly by the bartender, and were given happy hour pricing even though we were a tad early (not quite 4pm yet). She was easy to talk to and let us know about all their events going on and coming up. Fridays are Karaoke night and Saturdays are live music nights! Some themed nights are on the calendar as well!Rich, the owner, was quick to come see our large group. He is an awesome individual.. not the kind of owner you meet who's gonna brown nose his customers and be fake and smiley. Rich was true and authentic, not shy of who he is. One can say that an owner should be sucking up to clientele, but I think authenticity will bring people back!We spent most our time watching the ball games on for the day, plenty of TVs surrounding the bar, a perfect place to go for the games and no hesitation from staff when we asked for a different game on the TV we were watching.  For food, we only ordered appetizers from the HH menu since we had already eaten: spinach-artichoke dip, fried cheese, and a personal pizza. I loved the spinach dip, hot and gooey with visible spinach & artichoke hearts with cooked pizza dough (i think) for dipping. Fried cheese isn't plain ol' mozz sticks, its provolone wrapped pepperoni and then fried and then placed on a plate with marinara (I believe?) and pesto cream sauce. The pizza was inhaled down the bar, so I didn't get to partake. I can't give a 5 star yet because our visit was centralized around the bar. I look forward to trying their entrees on the menu and for some of their live music nights. I have a good feeling about Sauce. Just what the neighborhood needs: genuine people, yummy food, full beers, and a little bit of nightlife fun.
5	The shrimp dishes are to die for.  The place is gorgeous and the service is fast (maybe because they're not  that busy yet).  Ask to talk to Brandon or Rich.  It doesn't matter about what.  Those guys are hilarious.
5	I came out on Friday night for karaoke, and ended up having some drinks and food.First of all, Chris, the bartender, was awesome.  He let us know about their specials, and he mixes a great Cinnamon Toast shot! (try it, you'll love it.)My fella was hungry, and so he ordered the Arancini, which was a fried risotto ball, with meat and cheese inside.  Oh. My. God.  I shouldn't have had any, since it isn't on my diet, but...I had to try it!  It was amazing.  (I really wanted to say "amazeballs, because they were risotto balls. he he.) So flavorful!Our server was a sweetheart too, although I don't remember her name. The place itself is HUGE, and really nice.  I loved that they have a stage set up for karaoke, and for live music nights. I only have one tiny "complaint", and its more of a note, as a way to improve...I'd LOVE to see a trash can next to the bathroom door...germaphobes like me like to open the bathroom door with a paper towel and it would be nice to be able to dispose of it next to the door.Other than that, service was spot on, prices were reasonable, and the food/drinks were great!  Can't wait to come out again for another karaoke night!
5	Amazing service, good music, and incredible food. What have you got to lose?! Come on down to sauce and get sauced! Best beer ever on tap. Double IPA blue moon pine in the neck
3	A welcome new addition to the void of quality restaurants in Galleria area, SAUCE delivers good food and a good bar.  This restaurant is limited to the food and dining.I went with my daughter and my parental units, all foodies and all vocal when they have a good meal or a bad one.  While waiting for the rest of the party to arrive, my daughter and I shared a calamari appetizer.  Unfortunately this appetizer was not well prepared. The coating was light but had an aftertaste usually associated with a fryer that needs to be cleaned, and the calamari was too chewy.    The bread was quite tasty and accompanied by oil/basalmic and pats of butter.  Our waitress was very attentive and patient as we waited over 1/2 hour for the last two to arrive.  However as Sauce is less than 2 weeks old, there was some confusion over the daily soup, and the method of preparation and accompaniments.   I am certain over time this will resolve.For dinner, I had the sausage potato soup and a shrimp salad and the rest of the party tried the chicken parm, shrimp scampi and sauced sea bass.  One of the things I was glad to see is the choose your sauce, choose your pasta, choose your topping section which had 5 or 6 sauces to choose from and several different pasta shapes.The sausage potato soup was excellent with a lot of flavor.  The shrimp on my salad was cooked correctly and the salad was mixed greens and tomato with a few cucumber and onions for garnish.  The salad comes with oil and vinegar on it and the waitress did not give me a choice regarding having dressing or not, or alternative dressings.My daughter loved the chicken parm and actually ate all of it while forgoing the majority of the pasta which means the chicken parm was really good because my daughter is the pasta queen and would eat it every meal if she was allowed.  My parents enjoyed their food very much. I tried the parm and found the chicken to be moist with a light breading and the sauce was good too.They also have pizzas, sandwiches, and a kids menu which includes a peanut butter pizza.I will admit I was hoping for a slightly more creative menu.  There really is nothing on this menu other than the homemade sauces that distinguishes it from any Italian restaurant.  I was hoping to see some more daring menu options or maybe more regional italian dishes.  That said, I think Sauce delivers on their menu so if you just want some good pizza and pasta, give it a shot.
3	We stopped by on a Tuesday evening for dinner. There wasn't much going on so we were seated quickly.The restaurant itself is nice and clean. It's large so the bar area is a good distance from the dining room area.Our server was exceedingly friendly and very courteous. Keep in mind though, we were one of only three other tables there. I'd imagine the effort would still be there, but busy is busy.We ordered their chicken parmesan and eggplant parmesan. Both dishes tasted very well prepared. Slightly expensive at $14.50 and $13 respectively, but definitely tasted good.Overall, you will probably have a pleasant dining experience here. They have other activities, such as karaoke and live music, as well, so that might be enjoyable.
5	When I first came up to the place, there was hardly anybody in the parking lot. So I decided not to try it the first time. The second time we came in, we decided to try it and thank goodness we did! Luckily for me and my wife, we live by the mantra you don't know until you try. The bruschetta was excellent, the crab cakes were fantastic...pesto crab cakes to be exact. Then came my pizza, it was delicious! My wife decided to get the chicken sandwich and it was juicy on a sesame seed bun. If you decide to go out to eat, try this place and don't judge it by the parking lot.
2	I hate to have to write a bad review but I hope that maybe the owner will read and take suggestions before this restaurant closes like the others have in this location.         We went in at 630 on a Saturday and the place was pretty empty. The menu and the signage outside both mentioned "happy hour". I guess we weren't in the right area because we asked if we could get the happy hour price for an appetizer and were told that was in the bar only, like two tables away. So whatever, no big deal that brought our pepperoni cheese sticks to $8 instead of $5.50. If they would have been better I wouldn't have cared. The pesto and marinara sauces were good but the cheese itself was small so when it was breaded and fried it was quite dried out. I should have thought better and not have ordered the eggplant Parmesan but I wanted to give it a try. It was also too thinly sliced and therefore dried out as well. My daughter got the chicken panini w fries and liked it, my son went w the breakfast burger and liked the egg that was still runny. My daughter asked for ranch for her fries and my son asked for some as well. No big deal. They brought out the customary small plastic cups w ranch. I must say I was unpleasantly surprised to find that we were charged $.79 for each small cup of ranch. I know the two criticisms total $4 but it's more the point of trying to make a great impression on first time customers. Old Spaghetti Factory couldn't make it and that was better so this place needs to turn up the WOW if it wants to make it.
3	Attended a networking lunch with a selection of 6 or 8 items to choose from.  I selected the Mediterranean salad for $12. I found the salad to be overly dressed with a thick,  creamy dressing.  Surprising choice when a red wine or balsamic vinaigrette would have been both more authentic to the Mediterranean cuisine and would not have weighted the salad down so much.  The large wedges of tomato in the salad were not cored and not very ripe or flavorful. The chicken on the salad was seasoned well.  There was a generous portion of artichoke hearts and kalamata olives which help provide acid and flavor to better balance the creamy dressing. Service was friendly and efficient given the size of the business crowd. Bottom line, although not in love with the selected dish, ready to give it another try with a different selection due to the service and convenient business meeting space.
4	Food was good. Large portions, a bit pricey, but good quality food. We had spinach & artichoke dip, Caesar salads, open faced meatball sandwich, and the cheese ravioli with rose sauce. Everything was delicious. Service was fairly good. The place is very large, and primarily empty when we went.
5	We come from over by the Aliante Casino just to eat here.  Love the pasta dish I can make myself. Chicken mushrooms garlic and olive oil with lemon. HOT bread before it gets to the table. You can order a steak that is so tender you don't even need a knife. Service is top notch!!!!!!!We are planning to have two family parties there in the banquet room.  Rich makes us feel most welcome.  This is a beautiful dinner club you can bring your family to. Very happy we found this bistro. It's close to SHOPPING TOO. Can't say enough good things about Sauce. The Bar serves some really cool drinks too.
4	Great food, atmosphere, and a diverse menu with a build your own pasta dish will be bringing us back for more. ;) Also the service was excellent!
3	A wise man once said, "Sacred cows make the best hamburgers". What does that have to do with the Sauce restaurant you ask? Probably nothing.Sauce is an interesting place. What kinda stuck out in my head was that this is one of the few restaurants with a bar, that does not have any video poker machines. The only other restaurant that I think of that does this is Nacho Daddy.I came during the Walking Dead party, and let me tell you, it was Packed!! They were really understaffed that day. It looked like the staff were trying their hardest, but they were totally overwhelmed. It was like a survivor vs a herd of walkers, it was brutal. What also didn't help was the fact that they didn't have enough POS systems. I sat at the bar and saw only 1. So when people were closing out, there would be a line of bartenders waiting to use the machine.I was there for 3 hours, and I ordered 3 items, and it took that long to receive them. I wasn't too thrilled about what came out. Ordered the pepperoni and cheese bites, basically their version of mozzarella sticks, but with pepperoni stuffed inside. OK, it was in that cold to lukewarm stage. The cheese had solidified, and the crust outside was sorta tough. The pepperoni didn't have a really strong taste as well. The tomato sauce on the outside was cold, and so was their garlic cream sauce. But, I thought the cream sauce tasted pretty good.Next came the tomato and mozzarella bake. This came out at slightly higher than room temperature. I thought that it could have been baked longer, or at least broiled because it tasted more like a salad than anything else. The dressing they used was pretty good.Finally the panini came out. Again, it was cold. The bread should have been brushed with butter before it was pressed because it was dry. The chicken was cooked nicely, and the bacon and avocado tasted OK, but it was a pretty boring sandwich. Maybe it could have tasted better if it was hot, I don't know. The mixed green salad was pretty good. I thought the greens could have been more crisp, but the dressing was very good.So the name of the restaurant matches the food. The sauces and dressings are the stars here. I know I came during a pretty crazy time, so maybe the food could have tasted better if it was hot. I hear that any other day except for Walking Dead days, the service is pretty normal. I might come back, maybe!
5	Fun place. Great food. Joint them every Sunday for Watching Dead, the Walking Dead viewing party, hosted by the cast of Evil Dead the Musical. Followed by karaoke.
5	I absolutely love this place!!! I enjoy the pasta & pizzas. They have a breakfast hamburger that is out of this world, definitely worth coming in for. It's a fun atmosphere to have a nice dinner out or family gathering. I am so glad I found this place!!!
5	Had such a wonderful memorable experience here on our trip to vegas. I am a huge walking dead fan, and our hotel did not carry the AMC Channel, so, omg, what's a girl to do? Internet to the rescue! Turns out Sauce hosts a watching dead party every Sunday night, lucky for me!We arrive shortly after 8:00 pm and we are each given a ticket for a free drink, Score! There are different vendor tables, comics, figurines, t-shirts, etc. I bought an awesome walking dead T-shirt for 8 bucks, another score, and now i am decently attired for the event. There was also a woman doing free zombie makeup, and the results were incredible.The cast from evil dead, the musical, hangs out with the crowd during the event, which adds to the overall theme of the evening. Lots of TV's throughout the restaurant/bar, all tuned into the walking dead, so you never miss a moment of the show.During commercial breaks there is a trivia contest based on what has been on the show so far, so pay attention to the little details while you watch. The prize bags are different but oh so fun to win. We won a Merle zombie collectible figure, so stoked over that win!Service was super great, despite the crowd. We opted for pizzas and a Caesar salad. Delicious, but more than we could eat, so we shared with the table. Our glasses were never empty and everyone that worked at the restaurant was super friendly.Overall, this was one of the highlights of our trip. I highly recommend!
2	Came in the second time for Happy Hour.  Spent $10 on a $25 certificate on restaurant.comTold Bartender/waiter 3 times I had the certificate.  He said we will apply at the end.You have to order $50 to use the certificate.  Ordered a couple things more than I would have to comply.Go to check out manager says can't use it for Happy Hour.  We will see which is less regular price less certificate or happy hour.  It was $11 less regular price less certificate.  Since I spent $10 I save a whole $1 and got things I would not have.I was clear from beginning I had coupon and I was a prior customer.$11 for 2 small crab cakes that were very fishy.  Pepperoni cheese bites overdone.  Just not that great and pretty expensive.  Pizza was okay (would not have ordered one to go to get to $50) $7.50 for a beer.Guess what.  I won't be back. There are some great happy hour deals out there, this just isn't it.
5	Great prices.  Wonderful Bruchetta. I had penne with pesto  cream sauce , good portion and very flavourful. My wife has Chicken Parm on the waitress recommendation and it was excellent. Great service and great food. This place is a wonderful addition to Green Valley.
2	Sauce, I wanted to like you. You never gave me a chance.   I had heard of your happy hour specials. After work, my energy had been too drained to make the trip to the north parking lot of the Galleria Mall. Yesterday I had the chance to give you a try. I had just voted in the Galleria Mall and when I was in the bottom level of Kohl's sneaker hunting, I looked out the door to lay eyes on you a few hundred feet away. It was time to take a hiatus from shopping to give you a try. The walk from Kohl's is a beeline to your door. Some malls like the one in St. George, Utah would consider you a mall tenant. As I neared closer to the door that faces the mall (not Galleria Drive), I saw the Happy Hour specials. That could be for another time. It was 2 pm on a Friday afternoon. As I made it nearer to the door, I noticed that the parking lot was barron. This was an oman to the infinitesimal amount of customers inside.   Now inside, I am standing inside a colossal lifeless building that reminded me of a monastery. I'd gaze at an unoccupied host station to my right, empty bar in the middle, and monastery spaces to my left and right. I'd gaze and gaze and gaze for ten minutes. I was feeling like an unwanted bull. My left foot was bothering me and I did not want to resume sneaker shopping just yet. There seemed to be a want of a seating policy. To me, your policy is sauce. Was I supposed to walk deeper into the monastery rooms? Was an employee (there are employees here?) going to venture toward the entrance where there might just be a slight possibility that an individual could of walked inside with an intention of like eating here? Why wasn't there a buzzer that informs an employee that somebody is here? Finally, a waitress acknowledged me. She apologized for the long delay on account of a blind spot where she did not see me. That is a bunch of sauce because she should of occasionally walked past this blind spot to the waiting area where customers are waiting to be seated.   I followed the waitress (no hostess here at 2 pm on this Friday). we walked deep into the recesses of the monastery to the left. For whatever reason I am one of the couple of people in this restaurant, and she seats me out of the way. Why not nearer the kitchen where I would be nearby instead of some Bull seated way out in the boondocks of the monastery. The waitress gave me the menu. This is the last I'd see of her.  Spending some time in your lifeless place, I had trouble believing that you are this energetic bar slash Italian restaurant in the later hours of the day. I just couldn't fathom it. As I looked at the menu, it was dawning on me that I was better off transforming from an unwanted Bull to royalty at a different place. This is Las Vegas after all and not Siberia. The menu just wasn't the kind of sauce that is my flavor. I saw relatively few lunch specials. But my love for eggplant parmesan with provolone cheese topped with pasta and a glass of Coke turned a blind eye to the fact that there was zero mention of coming with a soup or salad. If only you gave me a chance I would of exchanged $20 of my hard earned money for it. I remained an ignored bull. I had had enough. I was now in the mood to be appreciated in either Miller's Ale House or Cafe Zupas. It was time to leave the lifeless spaces of the monastery.   Sauce, I wanted to like you. But you barely acknowledged me and in reality should open at 4 pm,  if you treat customers like this as 2 pm. I don't like going to a restaurant to feel like an unwanted bull. To me that is just bull sauce.
3	Nice looking very elegant but I felt I was on a ghost town not to many people they really need some more advertising I only try the desserts not bad but not a fan either I recommended if you like to just relax with your partner and not have to many people around
4	I liked the place, it was very good. I have see in a previous rating that they waited a long time for their food. I didn't I was served right away. maybe that patron just happen to have a bad waiter at the time. I was served fairly quickly. I was however disappointed that a beer advertised on the menu they did not have. I ordered off the create your pasta section on the menu, I had the lunch portion during lunch and I was quit full on the pasta that was served to me. I do remember the old Blues BBQ before it and the decor looked similar, not much in changes to the dining room or bar. Some but very little. Also as mentioned in a previous rating to get the business in they have to definealty get more advertising out there. There just was not a lot of people in the restaurant during the lunch hour I was there. I'll be back again!
4	Overall really good. Came here on a Sunday night. A couple of new restaurant hiccups with the service. But overall a good experience.  Pasta was good and the garlic knots were a must have. Definitely going to recommend this place, especially for the price vs quality of food.
5	Great food. Great atmosphere. A few more weeks of practice and training the new people and this would be an even better place.
2	Super average. Nice decor inside but the food is very, very average. I think when you go to a restaurant it should be food that's more elevated than what you could make at home. And it wasn't. The spaghetti sauce on my sons dinner tasted like it was out of a can. My husbands sandwich was so bland that panera would have been a better choice. I hope the owners look at the menu and try to make their dishes more interesting bc if not I don't see them being in business for very long.
4	We were shopping at the mall and noticed a new restaurant had opened in this location.  I then remembered seeing a Groupon , so even more reason to try it out.  The happy hour prices and hours look good!  My son ordered the BBQ wings- 10 for $8.50 (decent amount for price).  He also got the BBQ bacon cheeseburger with fries.  Burger was large and tasted good.  The fries were nothing fancy.  I went out on a limb and ordered the lasagna.   Decent sized portion and good flavor.  There was a good amount of cheese and meats, as well as fresh basil on top!  Out server, Matt, was friendly.  I would come back to try a few of the other dishes!
5	The Calamari is the best in Vegas.  Service was great,  we went late at night and everything was promptly taken care of.  I ordered the meatball sandwich and I asked for the sauce to be spicy, it was perfectly seasoned.
3	There's something strange about Sauce. We came on a Saturday night, and while it was a little late (8:30), this is still Vegas, and it's clearly marked that it's open till midnight, so I was surprised at how quiet it was. I even wondered if the place was closed.Inside felt similarly barren... it was just too quiet. I mean, nothing wrong with that, but it was kind of a strange quiet for a place that you'd never consider fine dining.All that being said, we ended up with a pretty decent meal that included some pasta and a pizza at an affordable price. Service was mostly good, though we did have one wait.I think the place could be good; it's definitely close, but they need to refine their process and somehow figure out how to inject some life into the building. It just doesn't seem to have any personality.
4	Cool new place on the outside of galleria mallPros: Pesto crab cakes were outstandingPasta: cool concept where you can make your own concoction. I love cream and I love pesto so that was a winner.Service was friendly and attentive Grab that groupon!Cons:I got the Quattro formagi pizza and I like Gorgonzola but it seemed to be a bit over powering compared to the other cheese trio on a Quattro. I would stick to the appetizers and pasta since everything else we tried was pretty good. Dough was "ok".Wanted to try the tiramasu based on yelp pics. Maybe next time. Will be back.
4	First time, had Lemon Butter Sauce over Angel Hair Pasta. Toppings: red roasted peppers and mushrooms... then made critical mistake of paying $4 extra for 4 shrimp. The shrimp were sooo over cooked they cooked have bounced to the ceiling! (My daughters were the same way) Omit the shrimp and the Pasta and the Sauce were Fabulous!!  Split a Cannoli (first time), it was good. Not huge fan. Service was great however we ate an Early dinner so was not busy yet. She was very friendly. By the end of our dinner it was starting to get busy. Service slacked a little. Waited 15 mins. to come back and take check,  had to flag someone down to come take so we could pay and leave. All in all I would go back, many other tempting items on the menu!
4	The spaghetti and meatballs is outstanding! My husband ordered the lasagna and inhaled it! Good food, service off to a slow start. This place just needs to be discovered!
4	Confusing, the place was dead at around 130pm on a Saturday. I had just come from the mall which was an absolute zoo of people so I thought this place would be packed. Honestly, I don't know why they're not because their food is good! I had a Tuscan Chicken panini sandwich and it was very tasty, large portion and your choice of fries or a side salad...additional cost for Caesar or Mediterranean. For that, and two mixed drinks from the bar, it was around $25. Their prices are very reasonable on pizzas, sandwiches, salads and appetizers. Try them out!
5	From the moment we walked in, we were greeted right away! The service was excellent from the get-go. Our server, Matt, was very friendly and knowledgable. The drinks and delicious complimentary bread were brought out in a timely manner. The food was delicious and the drinks were consistently refilled. The dessert was amazing (tiramisu)! :) The ambiance is extremely cozy and kind of an old Vegas feel. Also, to my surprise, this restaurant has two very large private rooms. Great for a banquet or party!!! Worth checking out.
5	Great dining experience. We heard that the Seabass was incredible. $19 but the dish they served us would easily have been $40 or $50 at most strip restaurants. Absolutely delicious. My wife had soup & salad. Huge portion and delicious.  Newer place so I think they're still working out some things.
4	I've been coming here for a few months and know Brandon the owner. The food is always great as is usually the service; however, tonight after I got off work at 11 and arrived around 11:20-11:30 I felt very rushed. I barely sat down and asked to order food when Kamie the bartender kept asking if I wanted the food to go. Originally I was going to eat at the restaurant but decided to just take everything home because I felt so unwelcome.
4	New business opened behind the Galleria Mall. Had a couple different pasta dishes - the Chicken Parm was amazing and I love their creamy pesto over tortilini. Drinks are reasonable and happy hour is great. Small selection but very generous servings. The service is great - very friendly and down to earth atmosphere. Hoping they last. Its a nice place to go, relax and have a couple drinks.
5	Had lunch here on Xmas eve. Our family had spaghetti and meatballs, shrimp scampi, a Tuscan panini/Mediterranean salad and 3 cannolis. Everything was great. Our server was Selena and she was very friendly and attentive.
1	1 Star is too many.  Had a Living Social deal for $13 on a $26 min. Made a reservation for Dec 24th at 7:30pm. I called day before to check hours and reservation times. Lady said, "We'll be open as late as we have people in the restaurant, and the kitchen will be open until AT LEAST 9pm. We're taking reservations for 7 & 7:30, would you like to make one?"  I told her I'd check with my wife.  I did and we made one through Yelp for the 7:30 slot she said was open, so they KNEW they had one coming at 7:30.  Yelp even sent me a reminder that day.  (We use Open Table ALL the time and have NEVER had an issue with their system.We get there at 7:30.  There were several groups still there, eating and drinking.  But, we were told, "We closed at 7"..."Nobody would have taken that reservation", and "You must have made the reservation for a California location."  This lady had such a nasty attitude, we were flabbergasted.  When I told her I made it on Yelp and showed her, she didn't care just said they closed at 7 and that was that.We turned around and walked out.  It took us half an hour to find a decent place to eat on Christmas Eve, after we just spent 12 hours in our own store with our customers, who we would NEVER talk to or treat this way.Bottom line, this lady and Sauce ruined was to be the cap on a long holiday season for us.We will never come back, and given how many restaurants have come and gone in this location, can't wait to see what's next if this lady and her crew continue to treat people this way.Wait....is that the Karma truck I see circling?By the way, while Yelp refused to do anything to intervene, Open Table would have jumped in, contacted the restaurant and done something to help make it right.  So Yelp, if you want to compete on the Reservation side, take some lessons from Open Table and step up when you have a reservation issue, and not just, "...the restaurant is responsible for maintaining their own schedule and there is no way for us to know when a restaurant is, or is not, open without their input."
1	NFL football on and I'm listening to Casey Kasum tip hits from 1978. What is the target demographic? This isn't the only time I left due to terrible ambiance. I'll keep  giving this place a chance because of the happy hour pizza and wings. I hope they will find an identity.
1	Definitely won't be coming back. We came in to celebrate a friends birthday. We ordered the Caesar salad- dressing tasted like mayo :/,  fried calamari appetizer- over cooked, the garlic knots- tasted decent, but we waited 30 minutes for the "dough to rise"(?), pineapple and prosciutto pizza- gross, cardboard tasting crust, and the meat lovers pizza- gross, but not as bad as the other pizza. The service was awful, and our waitress had ZERO customer service skills.
