3	Just your basic pizza delivery. The pasta is good. It's a solid place but occasionally they have mishaps with delivery. But overall, a solid pizza place.
3	2.9/5 stars - Probably the best of the national "chain" pizza places assuming you order thin crust or the stuffed crust pizza. Pan pizza is a  1/2 cooked pile of dough...
1	Wow...the Pizza Hut in Surprise at 13706 W. Bell Rd. in Surprise, AZ, (store #27003) is probably the most unprofessional Pizza Hut I've ever encountered. Here's what happened. Tonight, my family and friends placed a sizable order via the internet. I called when our order was 15 minutes late and was told the driver was enroute with our order, that they had been "waiting for drivers to return". I called when it was still another 10 minutes late, and "Nathan" the "manager" told me that the order was just going out. I told Nathan that I'd already been told that 10 minutes previously, and he said, "This time he is getting your order out." I asked his name, and he refused to give me his last name. I told him I was going to contact corporate, and he said, "This isn't a corporate store, so YOU HAVE FUN WITH THAT!" and he hung up on me.When I called back to ask to speak to the owner, I was put on hold for over 20 minutes. While being on hold, the pizza delivery driver named Shareef arrived and said, "I brought you a free 2-liter of soda to make up for the problems." We REFUSED THE ENTIRE ORDER. I then called the store using my back line and the phone was answered immediately. So that tells me they put me on hold as some sort of joke, refusing to either transfer me to the owner or take a message. I assumed the owner would not be in at this hour, but that I could have left a message for them.At this time the charge is still pending on my credit card, even though we refused the order (which was over an hour past it's delivery time). My credit card company will be doing a charge back on it should this Pizza Hut location try to rip me off. Given their unprofessional behavior, I wouldn't put it past them.The "manager" is named Nathan, the owner is named Rachel, although they refused to give me a last name or employee number. I called the store back to get the store number, and they hung up on me again.Two other people that had put me on indefinite hold were Paulina (when I called back to try again to leave a message for the owner) and Shawn (when I called to discuss having my credit card charges removed.) SO unprofessional. I've had to let the Fraud Prevention Department at my credit card company know that any fraudulent activity that happens from this point forward could easily be a result of these unprofessional workers. It's concerning when what seems to be a reputable corporation turns out to be a bunch of morons.Update:  Now that midnight has passed, I see they refused to refund the credit card charges, although no merchandise was received.  Buyers beware.  Save yourself the hassle and order from a reputable company.
1	if I ordered pizza I want pizza .......if u said 6:45 and meant 7:30 then your right on .....racheal.......brush up on your customer service skills and delivery driver with sweat pouring off of you no thx
4	I've ordered pizza from here a few times since moving to Surprise from California and so far i haven't been disappointed. The pizza sometimes arrives later than the time they designate but that's my only complaint. Pizza is good and well covered in toppings and the stuffed crust is delicious!
1	Wish I could give 0 stars! Okay, so I am hungry and want to order a pizza. I placed my order with Pizza Hut and am told it'll be a 45 minute wait and gave me the time of arrival as 3:15PM. I wait. And wait. At 3:21 it had been exactly one hour since I placed the call. I called them back and she assures me it'll be here any minute since the driver was on the way. I wait again. And wait. I call her again, I tell her ok it's been another 10 minutes, I am 2 miles away and the driver was already out the door and supposedly on his way to me ten minutes ago, at that point it was over 20 minutes later than what they told me. Waiting over an hour for a pizza? Nope. So I tell her to cancel the order I was going to go to a place that'll actually serve me food. She tried telling me to void the transaction it'll take so long for it to reappear on my card. I was like ok, void the transaction hahah, I don't care about the wait. She wasn't happy about that, and ANY GOOD MANAGER would of apologized and told me to take the pizza anyways and ask how they can make it up to me. Not this one, nope! When I told her I was leaving to get food she told me TO WAIT FOR THE DELIVERY DRIVER to tell him to take the pizza back. I mean REALLY?!?!?! Their delivery drivers don't have cell phones?? Hahah wow. I told her too bad, and I left my house. I went to sonic, got my food. When I arrived home Pizza Hut had just showed up. They took DOUBLE THE TIME they told me. I am still shocked by how poorly the manager handled this situation and will never support that place again. I am spreading the word too. Do yourselves a favor, order elsewhere.
1	over thanksgiving break, I received food poisoning from this location. I was told I would have to wait  to talk to Ashley and to hear back from the RGM (following monday)?????  still have received no call. with an outbreak or food poisoning this place takes no pride in cleanliness or food service.  whoever the manager  is, you should be fired including your management "staff". it appears you have no knowledge of the safety concerns of your guest.
