1	Stepping into the Victoria Bar is like stepping back into time - a traditional pub, mostly full of old men drinking pints and muttering in low voices about the football scores in the dark.The pub itself isnt bad, a standard pub decor and decent in size with the bar against the far wall as you enter - however, during my (very swift) pint, the staff were rude, and sounded throughly bored with serving anybody ever again. The Victoria Bar, does however, sell a large range of ales - possibly its only redeeming feature.Needless to say, this isnt my type of bar - i felt massivly out of place, and what was worse, I knew it just as well as all of the regulars.
3	I doubt I will ever drink in Victoria Bar again, however, I can see how it might appeal to some locals as a decent place to meet up for a drink and a chat.  The place is frighteningly dark and my mates and I just about called out a 'hello?' when we walked in.  On closer inspection though, there were some men sat wearily in the corner guarding their pints.  The decor is alright, but you have to be up pretty close to see it.  The staff are okay, but do seem pretty short with you. On the plus side, all their drinks are well priced and they have an impressive range of spirits including local Scottish malt whiskeys and beers.  As said before, this perhaps isn't the place to go if you're a student, then again, they probably don't care.
2	When I'm 80, I'm gonna love the hell out of this place. No conversation, no music and no hassle. I can die in the corner with a silent dignity.But right now, I'm young and I hate it. It's a bar for dead.
4	We visited here for a night cap one evening and I love the place. It has darts and people playing dominoes.. ha awesome whats not to like. Within a few minutes the regulars had introduced themsleves and we were deep in conversation about my companions favourite topic, the bars of Edinburgh. I mention this because it is a rare thing in Edina for this to happen. I grew up further up north in a small town and people were a lot more ... chatty when you ventured into a new place.They have a very standard set of booze and food on offer. All the drinks sampled were kept well and the owner even gave my friend a tour of the cellar while they were discussing the storage of ales... yep!! :DThe bar itself is comfortable enough and exactly what I expected of an old mans pub. Signs printed on a ink jet printer displaying there food offeres, drinks promotions and announcements about various things of interest to the local community that the bar services. The place is basic but functional I guess is the best way to describe the decor. In the states this would be in dive bar teritory I guess.All in friendlly and knowledgable bar staff with some interesting locals. I probably wouldnt eat here persay but I would definately pop back in for a beer and  a game of darts.
