5	Here is why I'm giving Jay Pages Jiu-jitsu a 5 out of 5 stars. Jay is an excellent instructor; he articulates each move carefully so anyone at any skill level can pick it up easily. Jay loves answering questions from his students. He honestly cares for each person who walks through his door, and when they leave, that person can call Jay a friend.  Jay Pages jiu-jitsu has a friendly family environment in which you are encouraged to learn at your pace, everyone is respectful to each other and are always willing to provide helpful advice.
5	Im one of those people that gets bored to death at the thought of having to step on a treadmill or loafing around in a traditional gym decing on what muscle groups to work on. Jay Pages has cured me of the boredom that exercise brings. He is a great instructor and is very hands on and like other people have already mentioned the environment is ego free. This is a great environment to socialize with like minded people, get an amazing workout, and learn an extremely addicting art.
5	Jay Pages Jiu-Jitsu and MMA is a great place to train. I'm visiting in Chandler and the very first day I felt right at home. He loves his students and I was welcomed like I was part of his family of students from the very beginning. The atmosphere has molded his students into elite BJJ practitioners with an ego free approach. They were very helpful and I've never felt more excited to train anywhere else. Those lucky enough to learn here have an amazing instructor at hand. Definitely deserves a 5/5. No doubt about it.
5	If you are interested in BJJ, MMA, or just working out, this is the gym you want to join. I had never been involved with martial arts before and I was super nervous to even step foot in an MMA gym, but I am so thankful that I did. The vibe here is awesome, no aggressive meatheads, but rather training partners that actually care about your progress. Jay commonly plays reggae music during BJJ which helps with the laid back vibe....I cannot say enough good things about this place.
5	This place just happened to be right across the street from the hotel i was staying at for work!  What LUCK!!  This place is awesome.  They had a great morning class!  Jay himself was there and he taught an awesome class.if you live in the area i highly suggest checking out this school.  Great people, great HIGH level instruction and all around FUN place to train.  No ego or bad vibes.thanks Jay! see you next time im in town.
