5	This is my favourite Kohl's store when I get to Las Vegas.  Sales and more sales!  They have such good deals every weekend.   They carry almost everything.  Recently, I was there for their Black Friday sales - my goodness, did I shop!  I love it!  Not only did I go away with my stash, I got these Bonus Bucks that I could apply towards a future purchase.  Bonuns Bucks are treated just like cash.  Luckily, I was still around for the Bonus Bucks' time.  Got even more goodies to take home with me.
4	This Kohl's is very conveniently located for the the SW part of Las Vegas. In the Kohl's/Target shopping center seconds from the I-15, Silverton and minutes from Mt's Edge.
5	This is a very nice Kohl's store in a great strip mall/shopping center. We went here last weekend and found some great deals- used a 30% off coupon when using your Kohl's credit card- and then got Kohl's Cash- *spend $50, get $10 in Kohl's Cash*- specified dates; make sure you read it. Cha-Ching! We needed some kitchen appliances. We found a Black & Decker and a Keurig coffee maker. The savings were significant. The cashier was really nice- Ruth. She circled the amount we saved. It was about $90.00. Nice selection of pots- carries Food Network line and foodie stars' lines. Seasonal items out- Halloween, Thanksgiving/Fall, & Christmas- lots of cute stuff (probably heading there with the Kohl's Cash on our next trip). I checked out the clearance racks in women's clothing- not chaotic and lots of good markdowns- wow! I also checked out the fine jewelry section. Bulova (my favorite) watches were on sale. I did overhear a rude jewelry department attendant "I am fixing this watch. After that I am going on my break." Hope that you don't get her on a bad day. Jeez- reinforces my strong belief that some people are just not meant to deal with working with the public. I'm going to ignore that rudeness on the basis that this a very clean store, well-stocked, and the caliber of people here are civilized- no screaming children running amok.
3	Decently priced department store with quality name brand products. In the womens department there are Vera Wang, Dana Buchman, Daisy Fuentes, and Lauren Conrad lines. A few reasons why I like Kohl's and specifically this location: 1. it is close to my house and work 2. large variety of items from several departments 3. department store feel without the hassle of a mall A few reasons why I don't like Kohl's and specifically this location: 1. disorganized racks of clothes. I'm sure due in part to customers. 2. if you pay debit card and then make a return they give you cash back OR you can wait a few weeks and they will put it back on your card. TIP: even if you pay with your debit card, run it as credit to avoid this. 3. need better selection for young women. A cross between the Jr's dept and the womens dept, younger hipper clothes :) I will be back to this location for sure because It's convenient and they have variety.
4	I just love this Kohls. I have been scoring some amazing deals here. When you sign up for emails they send you $5 giftcard. And the Kohls cash you get when you spend a certain amount is great. They also send you % off coupons all the time.You can combine them and that makes for some pretty flippen sweet deals.I always look forward to my coupons so i can go check out what they have.
3	I am not a huge fan of Kohl's because they are just as expensive as the retail shops and have a smaller selection. I am always disappointed with their workout gear. I do not shop here often, the only exceptions tend to be for ties and graphic t-shirts. The tie selection are usually nice. They have a wide range of colors, patterns, and sizes. Skinny ties in vivid colors are stylist and come with a tie bar. Bonus! For $3 and change, it is a steal. During every visit, I wander through the graphic t's to see if anything harks back to my childhood. Sesame Street and Ninja Turtles are appropriate for any age. Don't let anyone tell you otherwise. Keep an eye out for when they do clearances on clearance items because it is not uncommon to leave with a few hundred dollars worth of merchandise for less than a Benjamin. It is impressive how the sales can stack upon one another.
4	Well managed store with a very large...I mEaN...vErY large selection of consumer cyclical and non-cyclical goods (men's and women's and children's clothing, housewares, vacuum cleaners, paintings, towels of every variety, leather goods like wallets and belts and such, etc). Occasionally I find good deals with clothing in my size, though for the most part the prices in this location are rather high.Staff is plentiful but...quirky... Sometimes I feel like an "object" instead of a "person" but I think that has more to do with the collection of individuals who lack experience that work at this store rather than the management of the store. The more mature employees are much nicer: eye contact, not chatting with their coworkers in front of me, etc.
3	I'm sort of torn about Kohl's. On one hand, you can get decent clothes for good prices but on the other, I feel a bit "ripped off" by their faux sale tactics. For instance, the store always has these crazy clearance racks with 50%-75% off original prices -- but be warned that pretty much NOTHING in Kohl's has EVER sold for the original price. They are always running a "sale" and the price tags are just inflated "fake" prices to trick you into thinking you're getting a better deal than you actually are. That being said, I do enjoy this store. It's large, spacious, clean and well organized. Kohl's carries specialty brands you can't find anywhere else like the cute new Jennifer Lopez and Lauren Conrad line. They also have lower quality store brands too. Don't expect the stuff you buy here to last you several years; I'd say their knit shirts last me one season, maybe two at the most. You can get good deals on good, basic quality merchandise. Top it with a coupon or special sale and save even more. Returns and exchanges are particularly easy here but be prepared for a long line at the customer service desk. Employees are, for the most part, friendly and willing to help. Worth a look if you've never been and a good place for buying wardrobe staples.
2	I don't get Kohl's.It reminds me of a really rundown K-Mart. There's wrinkled clothes everywhere, they are all piled on one another, then there's like 500 things on one sales rack so things are falling off of it. When you try to pull one thing off the rack it's like an avalanche of wrinkled clothes falling on your head.They never have decent sizes for me, most people use like a million coupons and I'm always stuck behind them in line, to buy the 1 thing I actually found.  They have high celebrity names that have fashion lines, but every time I go and look it's like the most atrocious things I've ever seen. Should be something you find in RAVE.
4	I love their selection on christmas ornaments and women's robes :)
2	I haven't been here in a while, maybe I just went there when they weren't having a good sale.  I usually love there accessories!  ummmm, I didn't see much of anything worth purchasing!  So I walked out with nothing.......This time!
3	Do you ever feel that when the cashier tells you saved $100 dollars today-- that they really just marked up their prices then put up sales prices to make you feel like you got a great deal?Kohl's is awesome for home goods, I've bought my end tables and a cute bookshelf from here. All were discounted with the Kohl's cash they give you for spending X number of dollars on an earlier occasion.Kohl's is awesome crossing people off your Christmas list when you really do not want to deal with the drama of going to the mall. They have totally random gifts that are perfect for the office secret santa.The clothes selection isn't terrible either. There have a variety of brands for all shapes and sizes but sometimes, or most times really - I feel like they are trying to fool me with their big sale signs everywhere. If I had more patience, I would stick to Ross or Marshalls for the discount clothing, but sometimes, it's just easier when the clothing is spread out like Kohl's.The location of this Kohls is perfect for to knock out the majority of your errands in one parking lot.  I am a big fan of this shopping center as a whole.
3	I usually come to Kohl's if I'm looking for something specific and haven't had much luck elsewhere, they're having a big sale, or I got a coupon in the mail. Their prices aren't great unless there's a sale. The store could be better organized and the check outs are slow. But I found what I was looking for at the price I was hoping to pay so I left satisfied on this particular visit.
5	Love it and love it some more
3	Dear Kohl's: I want to spend money in your store but I can't find anything in my size. If you want to sell to me, try stocking the following items in a few different styles and colors: Cargo Pants size 38-40W36H, Polo shirts XL-XXL, Shoes Size 11. Since I can't find anything in my size, I'll keep checking back and writing bad reviews on your store. Sincerely, Christopher G.
4	I come here religiously!  Love the set-up they have, but most especially I love their seemingly never ending specials.  On anything and everything.     A few things to get here...  They have fairly good quality graphic tees for $10, I love their Haggar brand for work, Apt 9 is also fairly good quality and their undershirts for $9 are a great buy for work and play scenarios.  Especially in this oven we call Vegas, their undershirts keep cool.  They also used to have a great selection of shoes and would also have frequent specials on them.  I've notice selection has decreased some and unfortunately for me the David Beckham shoe line from ADIDAS became part of their NEO line so it's been a while since I've gotten shoes here.    Overall this Kohl's gets a a 4 of 5.  The only drag being that most times I come here the men's registers are short cashiers and that can make for a fun wait time.
3	I love Kohls and we went there on Labor day. Usually they have some really good sales and I was very surprised to see that not that much was on sale in the store. Did find  a couple of items and headed to the check out only to find one cashier and four people in front of me. Now I am normally a patient person and I have had many retail jobs in the past so I understand it takes awhile sometimes at checkout but we waited 25 minutes!!! maybe they were short staffed but that was really kind of frustrating !!!!
3	Some sections seem to be plagued at not being able to be kept up. Items can't be kept stocked. Shelves can't be kept straightened up. It's like they don't have pride in that department. This has been a ongoing issue in the shoe department for sometime.
5	You can almost shop for anything, always good deals, always honor my discounts.  Ill always shop here unless its for cool shirts.
3	I don't typically shop at Kohl's but thought I'd go since it was close by. They had a decent sale but it was really overwhelming to shop due to clothes all over the place. It's not organized, it's not neat, and clothes were in places they shouldn't have been. Checking out took a long time because the cashier was super slow and too focused on looking for her glasses. This location has nothing special and I wouldn't be knocking anyone down to go here!
1	I do frequent Kohls Department Stores quite frequently and recently applied for a charge card, which comes with many benefits. The bf had forgotten to pack his socks for this trip so we went in as I had some Kohls cash and a 30% coupon. This was a typical store, which was fine. The reason for the negative review was due to having to deal with a rude cashier at this location for the first time in all the years I have been shopping. Liz was her name and her name tag indicated she had been there for 5 years. There was no one behind us so we were unsure what the rush was. I asked her if the amount had to be on the charge card or if it could be on my debit card. She looked irritated and told me to swipe my charge card, my question did not receive the expected explanation. She then totaled everything out before I could pull out my Kohls cares card. I mean, every dollar counts toward my next reward. She did not apologize, just said, "Well next time", stuck the receipt in the bag without asking if I preferred to hold onto it (which I usually do hold onto receipts) then walked away. She then came back a few seconds later, so it was not like she had to go run to the restroom or go on break. The behavior was uncalled for. I have never met this type of rudeness from an employee at any Kohls locations before. The employees are usually helpful and friendly, even the managers are great at keeping everything running smoothly, especially when it comes to long lines during the holidays. Someone with this type of personality needs to go stock items in the back of the warehouse where there is no customer interaction. We will not be returning to this location again. I read another recent review regarding similar rudeness from a different employee, must be common practice at this location.
5	Geezzz stop sending me 30% coupons and the customer service is just to awesome. Who ever is running this store is passing it on the employees and everyone is doing a good job. Deals are awesome and we cant stop shopping here. Definitely my Christmas to go store.
1	This would be a great place to open a retail store!!!!!!   Maybe they should hire some help to make spending money easier.  I'll spend my money on line.
1	This is the worst establishment I have ever laid my eyes on if a hobo walked in to this store he would shit himself and say is this HELL??? But no it is not it is however the shitiest store I've ever seen
2	Watch your credit card statements. I noticed in Dec 2013 they had been charging me a small monthly fee for a "protection plan" I had never signed up for. Since I pay my bill in full every month I didnt  notice it until the end of the year. Turns out I had paid them 52.55 in charges for the year. I have been trying to get my money back for 2 month now! I call the customer service number and someone always passes the buck on soemone else for it taking so long...... Beisdes that, Kohl's has always been pretty good ,Deal wise.
1	Pants are not sorted to size, pants and shirts are mis-labeled for size. After spending 20 minutes finding the right size, we find a 20 minute line, one register open 10 people in line. If we weren't in a jam, we'd have left.
1	What a tremendously disappointing experience, went in with the intentions of buying a pot and or saucepan I went in to the section and it was a tremendously confusing process everything is sold in some sort of set, no price tags, etc. No separate pans sold; I walked around the store for 15 minutes and didn't come across any customer service rep to answer my questions. I finally walked up to the register where one register was open.  The one guy working the one register with 6 customers on line was working at a snails pace.  Finally get the register after another wasted 15 minutes and the price of a 12 inch sauce pan was $150 because bobby flay slapped his name on.  I didn't make the purchase and I was furious.  Te last few times I came in here I realized they haven't made the customer experience seamless. I guests I'll be getting all this stuff on amazon now.  Kohls lost a customer.  They will be Caldors in 10 years.  Big box retailer out d business.  Too cheap.
4	There is always a sale at Kohl's! Sometimes I find the store a lil disorganized, but they have good customer service!
1	Store is a complete mess like TJ MAX OR ROSS.  Prices wrong on several items or no prices at all. I went to counter & they told me price was different then the display shows & I showed them & they said oh sorry. It was a mistake. No price match or explanation for false prices.
