4	I like the clothing here.  I'm not a big fan of having a store's name plastered across my body in 4" lettering.  They do have some of that here, but they also have some nice stuff with a small eagle logo.  Simple, understated, and nice.  And the quality seems better than some of their competitors (especially that French-sounding competitor that really loves the 4" lettering on practically everything they sell).Come during a sale and you'll get a good deal on decent clothing.  They have everything from jeans that look like they're ready for the rubbish bin (I know holes in jeans are fashionable again, but they still look like they're ready to be tossed if you ask me!), to nice collared shirts you could wear to work or a  nice evening out.  Nothing formal, but most everything else from grunge to office casual.If you buy clothes anticipating to toss them in a few months because you've already worn them a few times and want something "different", the quality here probably won't matter to you.  If you plan to wear it for a few years, the quality here should be a major consideration for you, in my opinion.I just wish they had a nice wallet on this visit...I'm looking for one...[sigh]
4	Love American Eagle Outfitters because it is kind of a one stop shop for me and my family.  I can find stuff for my self and the kids.  If you are a member of their online and email program you get some awesome coupons and that really helps with the prices which I think I wouldn't pay unless I had the coupons ( I am a coupon shopper for sure!).  The reason I didnt go all out and go 5 stars for this location is for customer service.  They always seem short handed.  I am always searching for someone to let us in the dressing room or standing in a pretty long line to make a purchase..that seems a little odd in such a small location.
3	Their supply is very limited every time I go in. I can never find my size in jeans, and they do not have very many options for men at this store. The staff is always friendly and helpful.
