3	Charming "Midwest" establishment in the middle of the desert. If you are ever in town visiting Florence, AZ then you must stop by for a stroll at the Windmill Winery.Wine tasting is $10 and is inside a renovated, old-fashioned horse stable. There's marble counter tops and old antiques strewn about.  They've also recreated a brick aqueduct that spans the length of a man-made pond they have also put in on property.The owners have really put a lot of time, money, and design into this place to attract tourists and wedding parties.
5	Utterly, stunningly, drop-dead beautiful.   Florence is a bizarre little town with 9 prisons.  Yes.  9.   And many cops.  And a prison"outlet" store.  Woah. And then, randomly, on Butte Street, there is the Windmill Winery. I had the sheer and utter pleasure of attending a wedding there this weekend, and I have never in my life seen such a pristine, perfect place for a wedding.  (And I was a wedding singer for 9 years, so I've seen many!)Brick arches, windmills, horse-drawn carriage, a pregnant donkey, a wine-tasting room converted from an old dairy barn, a lake with lily pads, flowers, tractors, old timey cars, a gorgeous massive red "reception" barn, beautiful walkways and lights in the trees, a fire pit, chandeliers, beautiful bathrooms and facilities all around. The wedding was incredibly professional and absolutely gorgeous.  Afterward we wandered around the paths and a kind man in a big cowboy hat invited us into the wine tasting area.  It was so utterly charming I couldn't stand it!  Turns out this was the owner.  He and his bubbly beautiful wife sat and chatted with us as if we were old friends.  Their sheer joyous energy was such a pleasure to be around.  I have been in the wedding industry for many years and most wedding vendors and reception locations are really jaded about weddings.  And it shows.  (I've been planning my own for a few months, and it's amazing how absolutely money-grubbing and emotionless vendors can be about something so beautiful.)   But Harold and Katie Christ have put so much heart and soul into this venue, it's palpable.  My friend's wedding was so professional and the energy of the place and the staff was professional, positive and really relaxed and enjoyable.  We just loved wandering the grounds, the reception hall was perfect, the DJ was hilarious (wish I remembered his name - he was a very bizarre yet very talented guy.)  And standing outside on the beautifully lit grounds, watching the bride and groom make smores in the big fire pit, and looking up at a billion Arizona stars you couldn't help but feel like you were far away from it all, and exactly where you wanted to be.  So. Beautiful. I can't lie I got wedding reception envy!  If you are thinking about a perfect place for your big day in the Arizona desert - look no further.  You've found heaven. PS - there's a full playground for kids, and animals and carriage rides!  Amazing!
5	Woohoo! As good as it gets! My wife and I were married at the Windmill Winery on 11/19/2011. Everything from beginning to end is 5 stars. Katie and Harold are two of the nicest people that you will probably ever meet. They offered us a variety of wedding packages to pick from - which were very affordable in comparison.The property has a unique, rustic charm. Pathways, sitting areas, old John Deere tractors, old cars, animals, a playground for the kids. They really have something to offer everyone. The barn is over 100 years old and they moved it to Florence, AZ from Wisonsin. The barn is stunning. When you first enter this barn you are on sensory overload! They also have a large fire pit outside, which we paid extra to use at our wedding. You must experience this place for yourself.If your searching for a destination for your wedding, I would highly recommend that you give them a call and arrange for a visit. After our wedding, we had so many people tell us that our wedding was the most beautiful wedding they had ever been to. Several people asked my wife if she cared if they were to get married at the Windmill. It is about an hour away from Phoenix, but well worth the drive. And there is a Holiday Inn very close that will offer you a discount on your wedding party. They even included a free shuttle from the hotel to the Windmill at no extra charge. If your going to stop in for the experience and try some wine - make sure you try the Dutchman Red. Very tasty!!!
5	I was recently married at the Windmill Winery and could not have been happier with the overall experience!  I have been in and witnessed a lot of weddings lately, and I've seen the good and the bad when it comes to wedding venues.  The Windmill Winery is absolutely at the top of the list for superior customer service, the amazing and unique experience they offer, and the value.  I would highly recommend using this venue if you want a beautiful and unforgettable experience.  The staff (Katie, Harold, Karen, Jenny) went far and above the call of duty to ensure we were pleased with our wedding.  I can't say enough about The Windmill Winery!  Also, they do wine tastings and seasonal events so even if you're not getting married, you should sign up for their emails and attend one of their fun events!!!
4	This is an awesomely fun place about an hour and a half south east of Phoenix. Although they are making their own wine yet they have some "private label" wines and a great selection of other wines and beers available.The staff is awesome and the ambience is very cool. You can "lose" a day here just hanging out and enjoying it!
2	i was recently married here.9/14/2013.. im going to be brutally honest.. this was a disaster from day 1. we were one of the last if not LAST people to be able to be married in the Wine Bar area. I felt like i was second best to the "big barn bride" i was made to feel my $5000 was below them. I was given 3 different coordinators from Feb 13 to Aug 13, because they all quit working there. Now... i understand that maybe this is out of their hands.. but it made every step tough, emails were lost, (i saved mine) agreements were not kept. I had to be very flexible to accommodate the big barn bride at all times. I wasn't allowed to have photos taken by certain things, i wasn't able to just walk out of a the bridal cottage because "we don't want to inconvenience the big barn bride who wasn't in there, and her things that were. she rented the cottage, its hers so you are not able to step out of the door" so i was taken from my bridal room, to the back of the bridal cottage (the office) to stand and wait in the heat.. but because the big barn bride was taking photographs.. i had to be taken back to the bridal room so she didn't see me... then not even 5 min later.. i was walked back over to the office area because she was done with her pictures. Mind you during this entire time my guests have arrived, they all have seen me at this point.. to include my fiance.. so the first look walking down the aisle was gone.. the one thing he asked for .. i dont want to see her before the wedding.. that was the ONLY tradition we wanted. During the ceremony..the groom, grooms men and my girls were not in the right order, the bridesmaids were not handed their flowers. I was told upon asking.."where are their bouquets?" the answer was..."oh well i guess they forgot to grab them".. Isn't that what your there for? to line everyone up in order, make sure they are on time, maybe see they don't have the bouquets. and hand them to them.. if its not .. then wouldn't you do it out of sheer courtesy?  once the main manager (Katie) saw the girls didn't have bouquets.. her jaw dropped and my coordinator was dismissed.. i didn't see her the rest of the night, until i started packing up decorations and she handed me a bottle of wine.. to top it off.. nobody did anything about the cock fight that was happening in the drive way... it wasnt until in the middle of my ceremony when i said.. someone kill that turkey! and a laugh.. (movie quote) then out of the corner of my eye.. i see the owner running over to sho them away.. (thank you sir.. you saved the last 5 minutes of my wedding video) at two months before the wedding they literally told me if i didn't want to get married at the time of day they picked out (because any earlier time would have interfered with the big barn bride) i could take my money elsewhere. I was in tears the entire time i had to speak to them, i was nervous opening up emails from them because i was so worried they were going to cancel on me.. i wasn't asking for things to be above and beyond i was just asking for courtesy.  i would have done anything for the other bride to have her day be special too..when i found the booth at the January phoenix bridal show i knew this is where i wanted to be married.. it was and is an absolutely beautiful location..i should have listened to a few people who used to work there (a manager, photographer and a cake decorator) say i shouldn't.. now i know why.. maybe for 2 thousand more ($7000 is the price for the big barn) dollars i would have been treated better.. but i didn't want that large of a wedding.. i just wanted something small. intimate, and quaint..  closest friends and family.. i could have filled the big barn to the brim with people but it wasn't what i wanted. but i did and still do feel like i was second best and that i was a burden on them. but on that note...there are certain people i want to give a 5 star rating to. The bar staff.. the bar staff was an absolute joy! they helped with clean up because they saw me doing it. (cleaning the dishes from the table) Specifically would like to say thank you to Chris specifically.. You made my sister in law feel so special when you helped her carry water bottles! The DJ. DJ Ramsey Saba, you got everyone out of your seat.. I LOVED the music you put together! and thank you thank you for making us a wedding copy.. now we will have the music every anniversary to come. the Caterer: 5 star catering and Chef Le.. the food was amazing..The bakery Lesley's cakes.. Absolutely fantastic! Cant wait to share the word.. i will also be coming back in a year to get a remake! :) Sarah's garden: as i said to you. i loved them.. the boquets were lovely. just wish they would have made it into the ceremony.. and after..
5	This place is beautiful!! The only pretty thing in Pinal county :) I went with a couple girlfriends to check out the place and try some wines. This was my first winery experience. The tasting room was cutesy and inviting. I will say I think the winery's "money maker" is weddings. It was obvious they put more efforts into that aspect. The service in the tasting room was spot on but her overall knowledge of the wines and the winery was just ok. Also I'm not sure if this is the norm but out of all the options provided to test they only offered 3 of their own wines and 2 of those we're sweet. That is my only negative critique but doesn't affect my rating. In addition to the flights we tested, my friends and I bought glasses of wine and walked the property. The property is gorgeous!!! If I weren't married I would totally get married here. Great outdoor options or a country beautiful barn or "lake house" for indoor weddings/reception (there are 2 ponds on the property). While we were walking the property we ran into the owner. He is super sweet and topped of our wonderful visit. Overall loved it, would definitely go back and I'm a winery person now (if they're all like this one)!
1	I was very disappointed. I found this establishment on yelp as I needed a good halfway point between Tucson and Phoenix for a date. I thought a winery would be an excellent choice and made plans to go there. I called ahead of time to ensure they were open and I got a recording that stated they were open Saturday 11-4. I left a message just to be sure and asked them to call back as I was driving a considerable distance to meet there. I did not receive a call back but after checking the website and calling again the day of everything said they'd be open so I went down from Phoenix. I arrived to find the gates closed and chained but there were people walking around so I parked and tried calling again but there was no answer. I found an opening in the fence and went in to inquire if they hadn't unlocked yet. I was told they were closed for the summer and they don't know why I hadn't gotten a call back. They suggested that we could come back Sunday as they had a wedding scheduled. I don't know if that meant they wanted us to crash the wedding or if they were opening for that day because they would already be there.
