5	Opening Soon!!! Great Location!
5	Impeccably selection, reasonable price, spectacular service! Nana's Uptown offers to die for southern selections along withdelectable desserts, wine, and entertainment. I thoroughly enjoyed the mac & cheese, collard green spinach dip, and almost all of their desserts. So far, the only items I do not care for are the baked beans and the cake with strawberry icing (should be removed from menu). So very thankful for the vision that went into this restaurant and will enjoy referring clients, family and friends o use their private dining area as I did for my women's fellowship this past Saturday.
4	Excellent mac and cheese, collards and fried oysters. If you order their seafood platter beware...there is enough food for two people. Very nice place and friendly staff.
4	I am so glad I chose this place.  Being only in Charlotte for 1 hr, I was starving.  The front desk agent at my hotel recommeded this place.  What a treat! It is a real jazzy spot.  Nice bar area with 3 HD TV's which is great so I didn't have to miss the Laker/Clippers game! The band there was AMAZING!!!  It was their first night performing, and they performed a range of Tempations to Marvin Gaye to Anita Baker.  Kept me there all night!As for the service, I was warmly greeted by the hostess, whom I later find out is the General Manager, Christoper.  The bar staff was friendly for the most part.  Occationally, they appeared a little overwhelmed, but they handled it well.  The food took a little while to come out, but since the band rocked, we were ok with that.We ordered the Zesty Wings and asked for them to be cooked hard and crispy, they came out kind of soft.  When I bit into the first wingette, it was undercooked.  We sent the order back, and repeated our request.  When they came back out...YES, they were delicious!  Perfect.  I also had the Shrimp and Grits for my entree, and it was very very good.  I wish I had some right now.I will definately be back a couple of more times this week while I visit Charlotte.  Great place!
4	This place is a really great upscale spin on traditional soul food with great service. I have been here multiple times with large parties of 20+ people and have tasted or seen a lot of the menu. Dishes range from $13 chicken and waffles to $40 prime rib, and pretty much everything is delicious. By far the biggest hit was the chicken and waffles. Other favorites were the ribs, rib roast, and side of Mac and cheese. Dessert go with the cobbler.Sweet potatoes are really sweet, like candy almost, and the greens were just ok.If you hit the bar for a martini be sure to ask for the blue cheese stuffed olives. They stuff them themselves. The bartenders are great and sometimes show off a trick or two.I would recommend for special occasions like visiting the city or hosting an out of towner. would be good for date nights. Casual but classy.
5	Mac and cheese is Da Bomb!!!!    Also had their shrimp and grits, which is a favorite of mine.....
3	I went to Nana's with friends on a Sunday evening. Wasn't aware that we needed reservations because of the size of the restaurant; but we were soon seated afterwards.  The food each of us ordered was very good (meatloaf, salmon, yams, collards,mac n cheese...) but we didn't have friendly service. They were very slow bringing out our food. We had to ask for drink refills, bread, even ask for our check. We had 3 different servers by the time we left. Never a smile until our last server came out and combined our bills onto one check.  We each decided we probably wouldn't go back. The food was good but the service didn't make us feel it would be worth the trip there again. Not even for the Free parking on the weekends.
3	Ummm...not really sure what to say. The restaurant is beautiful on the inside. I actually went twice in one weekend (not on purpose). The second time I didn't order. When we walked in the first time, the man in the front took our last name and put on a list or something as if there was a wait. No one was in there, and we were seated immediately. Thought that was strange. The food is just okay. Nothing really that special. In my opinion it's overpriced and the service was slow. I paid $20 for a turkey dinner, and the turkey of course was dry. I figured it would be before I orderd, but I thought hey, why not! When it arrived, it was like scraps of meat thrown on a plate. The meal came with two sides. I got spinach and mac n cheese. The spinach was AMAZING!!! The mac n cheese on the other hand...not so much. It too was dry. How can mac n cheese be dry? One of my lunch guest's had the chicken and waffles (large serving). She didn't say much about the chicken, other than it was cold. They have a great location right on the edge of uptown. Prime spot for a nice gathering or party. Maybe you'll have a different experience. Enjoy.
4	I have only been here once so this is a premature rating. But I have a really good feeling about this place and WILL be back! The chicken and waffles were very good, and the cornbread was too good to last. Oh, oh ... the zesty chicken wings were also very good. Yeah, they didn't last long either. I love the ambiance. If you like Delta's down the road, you will like Nana's. I think they are owned or managed by the same folks. My only gripe is their happy hour. It ends too early (I think 6pm), price points should make me happy but they don't, and the food options are minimal at best. Y'all need to work on that.
2	I have to preface this review by saying that this place was recommended to me by my sis who does not cook and probably stopped by to have a drink and left. She raved about the place and now I see why. The service was awesome and very accommodating. But that was where the good parts stoppeded. The food was not good at all. My date and I ordered the following: pork ribs, mac n cheese, cabbage; roasted chicken, rice and collard greens. The ribs were tough, the mac and cheese tasted like it was fresh out of a box and the cabbage was soft and not even fit to eat with a fork, more like cabbage soup. She sent all of that back and ordered the jerk wings and curry rice instead....ummm and it was no better, the curry rice was over cooked and mushy, the jerk wings had no semblance of jerk seasoning. The roasted chicken was over cooked and dry, the rice was decent (thankfully!), and the collards were over cooked and soft as pudding. Needless to say I was not happy with the food. The staff was very nice and I couldn't have asked for a better experience otherwise. Maybe Delta's chef needs to come over to Na Na's and they can make a wonderful restaurant experience. The only way I will be back here is for a drink and the music since the band was good. Nice place, great staff, VERY sub par food.
4	Nana's was awesome! Great place for a party or a small event. I hosted a bridal shower in their private room. Service was excellent! The wait staff was very accommodating. They made sure to wait on us without interfering with our festivities. Christopher was our contact for the room and he had everything set up perfectly! Unfortunately, I was unable to dine since I hosted. However, the bridal party loved their meals.
2	I am taking away a couple stars for overpriced appetizer chicken wings ($9) and jack and coke ($18) AND ambiance wreckers. Went out for their Saturday jazz event and was disappointed with the rowdiness of the crowd and appalling price points. This is the fourth time here for me and it's just not getting any better for me.
3	This is a cool spot.  We had reservations as a large group but some of us didn't get there on time (black folks) but the restaurant was still able to accommodate us.  It has a fairly nice decor.  I kept it simple and ordered some pesto dish which was good but my friend ordered some kind of rice and shrimp with sauce.... her food was excellent.  I would've ordered her dish if I had known about it.  They had a jazz band playing by the bar later in the evening.  And then the night went to crap.My issue isn't actually with the restaurant but the piece of sh*t valet service that they use, Park Inc.  I would have to write a whole new review to cover their mess.  But I will say that be very leery of having those people park your car for you.  I gave the valet my keys with four perfectly good tires.  He brought it back with a flat tire.  He had taken it to one of their lots around the corner and punctured the tire.  They told me it wouldn't be a problem just file a claim and I'll get reimbursed.  Two days later the valet changed his story and said the car was parked on the street the whole time.  A blatant ass lie.  The gravel was still stuck in the tire and when the mechanic did the pressure test the hole was too big to patch so you know damn well it couldn't have been driven too far from that location.  I'm not too crazy about valets anyhow.  If you can find a spot on the street then park it yourself.
3	More like 2.5 stars. Decor is sleek. The service leaves a lot to be desired.  Our server was not mean nor overly friendly. The prices are a little high for what you get and limited menu. The vibe to our group felt like they were aiming for ultra-upscale yet not quite there. Plus, they expected all patrons to run a tab and the place was not even half-filled?? Do not know if they had folks try to pull fast ones on them, but our absent-minded server was not getting my CC. We politely paid cash. Huge thumbs up for live music. We all say we would be cool to return for a special event.
3	I heard this past weekend that they are closed???!!!
4	This is what soulfood is all about. Great food selections here. Had the jerk wings , green beans and macaroni. I wish they had real plates, silverware, and waitor service, that would really push them over the top.
