5	Halleluiah the Krispy Kreme shop opened in Edinburgh today!  My devoted colleague queued at 7am this morning for the opening and waited 40 minutes to get served! They have a drive through......for doughnuts!  It was worth the wait.  2 dozen doughnuts were brought in for my team at work today and you should have seen our wee smiling faces as we diverted the phones to voicemail for 15 minutes and enjoyed the sugar rush. I can see this being a treat in the future, maybe not too often as my colleague who is on weight watchers was tutting when she found that the point ranged from 7 -10 weight watchers points.  That aside, they were super tasty!
3	Dangerous in many ways (besides the calories and sugar intake). The queues were still going round the corner. Amazing and worrying to see that people with small children and buggies were crossing the industrial roundabout bypass - dodging cars and buses - to get to a doughnut place. Is it really worth to take those risks to get an sugary snack? Really?! We were a little more careful but still the only way to get there was either by car (and queue in the same line as the KFC drive tru) or walk from the railway side (safest) so many people decided to take the risk and cross the busy roads where ever possible. Were was the police? Who is controlling this unbelievable disregard of traffic laws? As it seems no-one. I guess it won't be long before we'll see casualties. Once we arrived we got the massive sweet sugary smell of the KK donuts - nice! This brought a spring in my step. The white, red and green was so inviting we couldn't wait to get one. But wait we had to as there was so much demand for it that the 40 min queue time mentioned in other reviews before looked tame in comparison. So we decided to not to join the patiently growing crowd. Instead we spotted the Free Doughnut Girl handing out KK doughnuts to people in the queue and cars so we more or less cornered her and took the donuts we felt we deserved after all this palava. The doughnut was nice, light and very sweet. Sugar rush full-filled I didn't feel this would have been worth the wait or associated dangerous behaviour. Thus 3 stars from me.
3	I have to admit I first came across the Krispy Kreme fuss about a decade ago in Canada and was kind-of put off in principle by the assertiveness of the guarantees that I would LOVE these doughnuts. A generous colleague arrived in this week with an enormous amount of doughnuts from Edinburgh's latest purveyor and, yes, they were very nice. The team was quite taken with the gesture and resultant greasy joy. The Krispy Kreme fuss had truly arrived in multifarious, sweet and doughy form. Everyone was entranced.I have to say though that despite the generosity of the free donuts, etc, and the pleasantness, I just don't see a hole big enough to require filling with so much sugar and grease. I also can't help wondering if we're back in the early 90s!So, 3 stars for good taste. But that's it.
3	Scotland seems to have gone nuts over the opening of the first Krispy Kreme doughnut store in Scotland. It has been over a month since this place opened its doors to the public and it has only just experienced its first time without a queue. (In the first few weeks the store was serving over 10,000 people a day...A DAY! No wonder there is an obesity crisis in this country.) I've had some experience of eating these and also of queuing for them too. I decided to pop in on a Friday after work to buy a couple of boxes to feed guests coming to my birthday party the next day. Over an hour later, and a good few chapters in to the book I had with me in my bag, I arrive at the till to make my selections. The double dozen options work out good value if you want to choose some of your favourite glazed doughnuts whilst also trying the original glazed. (I'm partial to the maple glazed doughnut myself, I'm now looking for maple extract so I can make maple icing at home...you know...for science.)One small problem. They've ran out of original glazed, the doughnut they're most famous for. I actually thought the server was kidding when she told me that I would have to wait another 30 minutes or so before they would have more ready. (Small tip Krispy Kreme, I've been waiting for over an hour already do you honestly think I'm willing to wait even longer?) The staff were lovely and very upbeat despite being under a constant pressure to get people in and out the door as quickly as possible.  The doughnuts themselves are nice tasting, very light compared to the kind of doughnut you'd get in any other bakery but not really worth the hype, price or effort expended to acquire one.
1	Never seen so many desperate people queuing on a busy roundabout - so dangerous.  We're only talking doughnuts but I guess you are speaking to a nation that eat fried mars bars.  Surely doughnuts are not the latest Scottish craze?!
3	Ah Krispy Kreme. The flavour of the week. I love all baked goods, and I really love my donuts. Krispy Kreme donuts are the newest fad in my opinion. If you join the drive through queue, you can expect to lose at very least half an hour of your life. And that's at opening time first thing in the morning, not the rush hour marathon wait. You can go inside and order but most folks ant be bothered getting out the car. The donuts themselves are beautiful, but they're blatant American donuts and are totally saturated with sugar. The original glaze are the best - all the other fancy ones are nice but I can't get excited about them. You can get better donuts quicker and cheaper in my opinion. If you want a good burger would you wait an hour for McDonald's? If yes then Krispy Kreme may be for you. I'd rather have a proper burger and a proper donut.
2	A few weeks ago, having spent the entire day running errands, The Man and I took a walk along the reservoirs in the Pentlands.  All was lovely until it started to rain, and rain and rain.  We hurried back to the Flotterstone for a damp pint and discussed dinner options.  We hummed and hawed until he suddenly said "how about KFC?"  The idea was too deliciously ridiculous.Much to my delight (and exactly like SF's "heart attack corner"), the KFC was located just meters away from the Kirspy Kreme I'd been wanting to visit since it opened.He got the chicken, I went to get the doughnuts.The chicken was ordered, paid for and cooked in the time it took me to get halfway to the registers.  Not entirely Krispy Kreme's fault, but I couldn't help but think that a board with what's currently being sold would be handy, as it's impossible to know what you want until you actually get up to the case and a worker is waiting to take your order.  We finally ordered, but then had to wait quite a long time until we were able to pay.  After far too long, we finally made it back to the car agreeing that, no matter how good the doughnuts were, it hardly seemed worth the excessive wait.Unfortunately, the doughnuts didn't even make much of an attempt at making the experience worth it.  So, a pretty meh experience overall.  For how often I eat doughnuts as it is, I never see myself returning to Krispy Kreme.
4	Not much to say about Krispy Kreme really - it is what it is... and what is it? Well, they're the doughnut equivalent of crack dealers, and I *love* that!My first visit was within the first two weeks of them opening, and the queue on the approach road (never mind in the shop) was HUGE! When I eventually managed to get parked, I had to join a 2nd queue, which was out the door and round the side of the shop. They say that with drug dealers, the first hit is free to hook you in, and Krispy Kreme did exactly that. While we were waiting in the queue to get into the shop, they had someone coming round with a tray of freshly-made doughnuts for us to try for free. That did it - hooked!I've been back a few times in recent months, and I have to be VERY careful about posting on Facebook if I'm planning on making a visit, because the orders quickly start flowing in!
5	Woooo hooo!  This time i visited it wasn't buzzing with cars, there wasn't a queue to get into the queue to the drive through.  I was able to park the car in a regular space and walk into the store.  oh my it smelt so good! Fresh donuts! oh my! lovely smell!  It has a nice fresh, clean interior and lots of seating arrangements to choose from.  The guy serving me was nice and friendly too.  Really patient with me whilst I was umming and ahhing at what ones to choose from.  I took 2 to take away and one to sit in with.  all were very delicious and i share the T/A ones with the hubby later on - YUM!
