5	I love Pete's. I know, I know - you eat outside, you have to order tartar sauce and they only take cash. I love the food anyway. I've gone to Pete's since I was born. I love the red sauce that comes with the fish - it has a little bite to it. I only wish they would expand north. I'm addicted to Pete's.
3	The food is hot and the fish was crispy...that's about it. The fish lacked flavor. We decided to try the basics and if that was good we would try other items on the menu. The basics were fine, just didn't live up to the hype.
3	I was really excited when I saw this place one morning while I was on my way to a near by appointment. I Love fish and chips and the fact that this place specializes in this must mean its good right? Like any good little Yelper I checked out the reviews. Only 3, but a couple were really favorable. When I stopped by on my way out the parking lot was packed. Another good sign right? I walked up to the window to check out the menu posted above where you place your order. I was pleasantly surprised that the prices weren't that bad. I ordered the fish (1) piece, & shrimp (4) combo which came with fries and a drink. Plus for only 95 cents more I ordered something ala carte called a crabby. My total was about $8. I waited only about 5 minutes for the not so friendly lady at the window to call my number then took my bag of goodies to sit down and eat at one of the outside cement tables. I wish I could say it was good or bad but it wasn't. It really had no flavor at all. Not the fish, not the shrimp, not the fries and not the crabby which turns out to be a stick of imitation crab fried in the same breading as the fish and shrimp. One thing I can say is that it is very crispy and not greasy, although maybe that would have added a little more flavor. They don't serve tarter sauce either but instead the food comes with a spicy thinner than cocktail sauce sauce but it was a little too spicy for me to really enjoy. On a plus note they do offer real brewed iced tea.
4	Every now and then you've got to get your Omega-3 fatty acids, so there's your rationalization for chowin' down on some righteous deep-fried fish and chips at Pete's! I'm not a huge french fry nut, but there are some things that just go together... like peanut butter & jelly, gin & tonic, Tigger & Pooh.I started my descent into addiction for Pete's Fish & Chips by ordering the Combo #2: Super Seafood Combo, and I have not deviated from it since. It's perfect... 2 pieces of fish (square), 7 pieces of shrimp (and these appear to be butterflied longitudinally, so they make an impressive fried shrimp "stick" perfect for dipping), 3 cups of Pete's Sauce and a 32-oz. fountain drink. You don't think you will need three 2-oz. cups of the red sauce, but once you start dippin', you will understand the dark appeal of Pete's sauce chemical dependence. My best guess is that Pete's sauce is ketchup + vinegar + sriracha, but what I indeed know is that it is addictive. I actually like to double-dip in tartar sauce and then Pete's sauce (tartar costs extra). I don't know if that makes me a double-dippin' freak or if I am the member of an as-yet unidentified Pete's patron subculture.If you haven't gotten your fishy-fish on at Pete's and you want to know what all of the underground hype is all about, you gots to get over here and sample the goods. The batter is crispy and delicious every time, and you will be surprised at how much traffic pours through this side-of-the-road parking lot/food court. Judging from the sheer volume of customers (and at a cash-only place, at that) they must be doing something right!
2	Like another reviewer here, I was very excited to try this place out. I travel to Phoenix several times a year and I always saw the place on my way to the rental car return. There are always lots of cars going through and while I waited for my order I noticed tons of cars rolling through. These are usually good signs for an eating establishment.Imagine my disappointment when I realized that folks in Phoenix don't know what fish and chips are. I was expecting real fish and chips, not some odd square facsimile of fish. Fish filets are NOT square. If i had wanted this I could have just gone to Long J. Silvers or Captian D's. I'm not saying I'm a fish and chips aficionado but I've eaten fish and chips all over the country and this is NOT fish and chips. Go have some fish and chips in New England (anywhere in NE) and you'll find out what fish and chips should be. I'll admit that the sauce is good and if I had some real fish and chips to dip it in, I'd enjoy it even more. I can only chalk this up to a regional thing but I'll definitely give this place a pass the next time I'm in Phoenix.
3	Pete's is seriously addicting! The fish is crunchy and hot, but the fry's are a little lackluster. You can tell they fry the fish to order because everytime it takes about 10-15 minutes to get your food even in the drive thru. Hate that they don't take credit cards though!
2	I've eaten a Pete's off and on over the years and always thought they had pretty good food.  If you're looking for traditional "fish and chips", they way they serve it back East, you might be disappointed; however, if you're open to trying something new, you might be pleasantly surprised.  The real action at Pete's is in the fish and shrimp.  I'm not a big fan of their fries because I like  more McDonald's like crispy fry.  The key to their success has got to be the sauce, which I think is the best in the business.One last thing, if you go to Pete's understand that Pete likes cash and doesn't take credit cards.  Yes, it's a pain, but the non-greasy food is going to be worth the hassle.
3	Grease lovers unite!  I was there with my work team.  Food was hot, a little slower than expected but because we ordered more than $60 of food together we got a free t shirt!  How kitschy.   I'm assuming it was all fried in the same oil vat.  I had the #2 combo.  The fish and shrimp tasted the same.  2 hours after eating CRASH I was ready to pass out.  Fried foods are not my thing but for you Fry Daddies, rejoice.  Last pet peeve.  They don't take cards for payment.
3	The sauce makes this review 3 stars. It was the only good thing about this place. Fish was okay, not much flavor and it was a fried fish square. Shrimp was not good, they take a small piece of shrimp slice it down the middle and batter it long ways 10 times. So you end up with batter and a little shrimp. Good price though. Everything is cheap.
