5	I was referred to Chandler from a friend and hopped onto Groupon for a voucher for a massage.I go and see a lot of different massage therapists.  I can easily say that Chandler is one of the best.  He had strong hands, the pressure was firm without being painful (just what I like) and he used his elbows/forearms to good effect without jamming his  elbows into me which is what I get from most other therapists.  His fingers were magic around my neck/shoulders and I left there feeling better than I normally do after a typical massage.I would definitely recommend him to a friend/family and will be going back again (at full price).
5	Amazing therapist and a very kind person.He's so talented. On top of being a wonderful therapist, he has a Bachelor of Science in nutrition from ASU. He's fully committed to my overall health. It's like a two-for-one; you get the best massage and he is a great source of knowledge on diet, health, etc. I've been going to him for 10 years now and I'm as happy as can be. I know he has an office in the East valley but he drives throughout the greater Phoenix metropolitan area. ps. I'm not a relative lol. He's for real. Try him!
5	I have been getting weekly massage from Chandler for over a year and I have gotten really amazing results!  I have a great deal of chronic pain stemming from an old car accident, 2 ruptured disks and sitting at a computer 8-12 hours a day for the past 25 years; I also have PTSD and a very limited pain tolerance but need fairly deep work to really address the issues.  Chandler has done an exceptional job at patiently, systematically loosening up areas that have been tight and uncomfortable for YEARS, while never exceeding my pain tolerance or comfort level. He is a warm, knowledgeable, respectful and genuinely caring person, and is always responsive to the changing landscape of my body and what I can tolerate or need work on at any given time.I have worked with many, many massage therapists over the years and he is definitely one of the best out there.  I highly recommend him!
