4	This is definitely on my list of go-to spots to stay when in Montreal.  It's located just off Ste-Catherine, which was key to me picking this one, plus the rate was a absolute steal! (1 Queen Bed Room at $85/night) There's a public outdoor parking lot next door (it was $20/night when I was there). I showed up at around 4pm and was able to check right in, nice & easy. The lobby is very impressive for a "budget hotel." The staff was pleasant. The room was small as far as rooms go, but I was the only one staying there so that wasn't a problem. It was clean and being someone that looks more for value over luxury, as long as everything works I'm a happy camper. Sure enough everything that I needed worked just fine. It had a pretty decent complimentary WiFi signal as well. I would definitely recommend it for a guys weekend / hockey game trip, couples looking for a no frills getaway (very simple, not romantic), or a single person on a budget.
3	My wife and I stayed at this hotel for two nights during a recent vacation to the Quebec area.  We were delighted by the relatively low rate for a city-center area, on the order of about $103/night during mid-May.  Near-sight parking is high ($20/day), and the rooms are exceedingly small.  However, the wi-fi is a decent amenity, and the hotel is up to the standards of Best Western.
5	I actually really like this place! In fact, I am still sitting in it at the desk in room 301. Having spent a the days prior in a tiny ugly box in the Delta Quebec the open space of our king bed room feels luxurious. Okay, so it's not a luxury boutique hotel. The hallways are sort of drab, there is peel and stick flooring and very basic design black boxy furniture. The decor is penthouse luxury done basement cheap --but that's the appeal! Why pay more than you have to, to be comfortable and in pretty surroundings? Our bed is super comfy, there is plenty of desk space, we have a mini-fridge, our air-conditioner has made us comfortable penguins, our bathroom has plenty of room for toiletries, the bathtub is big enough to fit two people and there are even the softest towels! This is not like any Best Western I remember from childhood trips. The TV is HUGE! Not like one takes a trip to watch TV but, it's still a cool detail. I normally shy away from staying in chain hotels because I feel the karma is off. I'm a very hippie send your money to the little guy kind of girl. But after looking at more Montreal hotel reviews than prudent I settled on this guy because the location couldn't be beat and it was almost the same price as the hostel. All around you on Rue Ste Catherine or Rue Rene Levesque is everything you could possibly need or want for. Cheap eats, expensive eats, high end clothing stores, every day fashion stores, supermarkets, drugstores, clubs, bars, etc. Most importantly staying here felt like staying in a live vibrant city. Instead of being cloistered away in a tourist trap or museum zone. Even the lobby is great for a budget hotel! A++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
3	For the budget traveler, it's absolutely perfect; great location and reasonably clean.  But there are a few things that could have been better, and may affect your choice if it happens to be something you care about.THE GOOD:The location is amazing; you're in the heart of the Downtown area and can walk to food, shopping, bars, anything.  There's even a Bixi bikeshare station across the street, so you can bike around the city instead of taking taxis or the metro.  There's absolutely nothing bad I can say about the convenient location.The lobby is also very nice and clean, and so are the rooms.  I stayed in a room with one queen-sized bed, shared with a friend.  The bed area was exactly what you'd expect and clean as well.  I actually love that it had hardwood floors - carpet is hard to clean, so hotel carpets skeeve me out a bit.  The interior of the drawers were also bright and clean, and the AC is VERY strong if you switch it on.The price we paid was extremely cheap and reasonable; $200 for 3 nights, total.  Divide that by two and the value is even better.  It was the cheapest in the area, even during Nascar weekend.There's free wi-fi in the entire building!  Lobby, rooms, just outside the building...it's pretty good.  A little bit slow in your room, but they also have a handful of computers and a printer in the lobby.THE BAD:  The bathroom was so tiny!!!  I'm a short person, 5'2" and 106lb, and even I felt I must sit on the toilet sideways, or else my feet and knees would knock against the bath tub.  This was my main annoyance.  I live in a small apartment in NYC and do not have this problem at home...it's just bad planning to put the toilet where they did.  There was also some strange dark smudge on the toilet seat....I'm not sure if it was old gum or something.  I kept trying to scrub it off, so did my roommate....to no avail.  The tub is very slippery; we tried asking the front desk for a mat of some kind to put on it.  They didn't understand what we wanted, I suppose, because they simply gave us an extra towel.  So instead I just showered with my rubber flip flops.  The concierge was not very nice.  There was between 1-3 people behind the front desk at varying hours of the day, and they all spoke English and French well.  But we asked her if there was a bus we could take to the top of Mont Royal, and she told us there's only one, took out a map and circled where to find it.  While that sounds like a job well done, the devil is in the details.  She didn't specify which side of the street to be on or even what bus number to take.  Maybe 3 or 4 different buses went to that same station.  Luckily we chatted with the bus drivers to figure it out, but the bus number is something she should have told us while giving us directions.  What's a little tricky too is that once you take that bus to the base of Mont Royal, you need to cross the street and take a different bus to the top....do not stay at the same bus station, even if you see the correct bus number there! It goes the opposite way.  This was also not told to us, we figured it out when we saw the bus we needed pass us by on the other side of the street.   Another thing was that after asking the front desk for more directions to a post office, we could hear the concierge gossiping about us to her coworker behind the desk, in French.  I suppose she assumed we couldn't understand.  That isn't a great way to treat your guests at all....THE MEH:The parking lot is a bit iffy.  Some people may be totally okay with outdoor parking.  We weren't, however....so we parked nearby in an underground garage instead, for basically the same price that Best Western offers.Chez Cora is the restaurant / breakfast place in the lobby, which also seems like a place local budget-strapped residents (students probably) sometimes go.  It's definitely cheaper than places like Eggspectations, but the taste is not all there.  The sausages didn't taste like any sort of animal, just bland fat, and the service was pretty bad.  I suppose this should go in a Chez Cora review instead, so I'll cut it off here and just say it's alright and it's cheap. But nothing that great.  You'll probably end up walking elsewhere for breakfast.This may be a little nitpicky, but the AC is a huuuge box that obscures the lower half of the window.  So I couldn't see out there and tell you what the view is.  But this doesn't really matter to me, most of my time was spent outside.CONCLUSION:3 stars overall...pretty much all of it for the location and cleanliness.  I'd definitely recommend it to others, just know that the service may not be that stellar.  But hey, hotel is just a place to close your eyes for the night, right?
3	Nice hotel, but wifi sux
5	I have stayed in other Best Westerns and I did not have super high expectations. We booked this hotel, because of the price (and location).Two of my friends booked the cheapest queen rooms. They were small and basic - basically what I was expecting from a Best Western.One of my friends booked the king room without a whirlpool. It was only $12 extra. The room (including the bathroom) was much bigger than the Queen room. It was definitely worth the extra money.I stayed here in the king bedroom with a whirlpool. It cost about $30 a night more than the queen room. It was double the size of the queen room. You almost could have fit the queen room into the bathroom.The rooms and hotel were very clean. Everything in the hotel looked new. There was a restaurant, travel agent, and other shops in the hotel. There was WIFI in the hotel and I found it to be fast enough (to watch streaming video from my Slingbox and to make video calls home).Location, location, location. There are lots of bars, restaurants, and shopping near by. If you want to visit something farther away the M1 and M2 stations are near by.The staff was very nice and helpful.Overall I was extremely happy with the value.
4	We just stayed for 4 days at this hotel and we generally liked it.Pluses:Nice hot shower and a good sized bathroom.Room heating and cooling was up to parI would believe this location is probably as close to the epicenter of the downtown hubub as it gets.Parking was reasonable. We had a 15$/day in and out privileged covered lot on Stanley st. (one block and you could cut through the back alley).Phone was awesome, we had unlimited local calling from the hotel and 1 hour of usa calling for free!Wifi was very good and useful.More on location:We had a choice of every kind of restaurant you could imagine.We walked everywhere, Notre Dame basilica, up Mont Royal to the chalet, place des arts, walked along edge of st. lawrence.Metro is conveniently located 2 blocks away at Peel and St. Catherine. We explored the underground shops/metro (Access through the Americal Eagle outfitters or the 'Les Coers Mont Royal'). The access to metro was a bit odd since there appeared to be no visual cues indicating where it was. But once you were 'below' there were sufficient signs for it.We took the metro to Biodome and the botanical park. We could have taken it to the biosphere but didn't make it there.Sosos:Bed is the springy kind and it felt like it leaned towards the head. Which usually is a bit uncomfortable. But it was still okay - we were too tired to care :)No free breakfast, which adds about $20 in daily costs.No free coffee etc there (there is the coffee inside your room which I never care for).Room was small about 15x15. Bed, tv, desk and a couch pretty much occupied most of the space. It is definitely very utilitarian and functional.Room has a fridge but no microwave (microwave could be been so useful!).No safe/locker within the roomThe location has a few 'colorful' shops with suggestive posters of scantily clad women that families may not be too happy about (but I am thinking it is inescapable anywhere in that location). Also several massage places.Food:Breakfast: There is about 6-7 places, eggspectations, wanda's something, second cup, reubens deli, a 24 hour deli shop just north of st. catherine.Lunch/Dinner: many many places.
4	Pretty much what other have said, this place really comes down to a fantastic location, only about a ten minute walk from the Central Station and literally steps away from St. Catherine and lots of amazing pubs, restaurants, stores and pretty much everything else you could want. The rooms are nice and clean with lovely hardwood floors and they appear as though they've quite recently been renovated. Not huge and not much of a view but there's so much to do in the area that it's hardly an issue. Some have commented on the size of the bathrooms but I never found it to be an issue whatsoever while there. They were clean, modern looking and spacious enough. The staff was perfectly nice and all the amenities are just fine. Again, if you're not going to be spending a whole lot of time in your room or in the hotel, it's more than adequate.There's also a Cora's (breakfast place) conveniently located in the lobby, though with so many options nearby it's more a luxury than a necessity.The Best Western Europa is a solid value in a great area and a good night's sleep. You get exactly what you pay for and I'd gladly stay again.
5	Great location, good value, and convienent check-in/out!A gem in the city, within walking distance to attractions, shops, and metro station.  So close to Rue Ste. Catherine and yet not noisy at night.  Cora is right in the building, that is a value add to the stay.
4	If you're someone who doesn't hate money and would like to keep as much of it as possible even when you travel, I'm not sure you could do much better than the Best Western on Rue Drummond.I recently stayed here for a short 3 night getaway with my boyfriend and we were more than satisfied with our experience. It's located right in the middle of the shopping district and is in walking distance from Parc du Mont Royal, Chinatown, Place des Arts, the Latin Quarter, and Old Montreal. There are tons of great food options nearby (only steps away from the cheap and delicious Joe's Panini), and if you need to get elsewhere in town, the Peel metro stop is just 2 blocks away.We arrived 2.5 hours before check-in, but received our keys immediately (the women who worked at the front desk were lovely and very helpful). The room was clean, the bed was big and comfy, the shower was hot, the TV worked as expected, and we had absolutely no problems connecting to the free WiFi. The place was outfitted with a coffee maker and mini-fridge - neither of which we used, but nice options regardless.Now I don't want to make it sound like this is the Ritz Carlton for less than $100/night. The building itself was pretty dated, the halls had a somewhat funky odor, and we were in a standard room which was tiny. But for two adults who just wanted a convenient place to relax and crash after walking all over town during the day, it suited our purposes perfectly.So would I stay at this place for my honeymoon? No. Would it be my first choice if I were on an all-expenses paid work trip? Probably not. Would I stay here again for another few days in Montreal on my own dime? Absolutely!
4	Location, location, LOCATION! My boyfriend and I stayed at the Best Western Europa for a weekend getaway and we were extremely pleased with our proximity to everything in downtown Montreal. The famous shopping district on Rue St. Catherine was less than a block away! We were only a short walk from shopping, bars, restaurants,  nightlife and various attractions. We also had a nice, clean hotel room with a comfortable king sized bed. The free wifi was also very convenient. The staff was friendly and accomodating, they spoke perfect English so there was no language difficulty.  Our stay was also very reasonably priced.The only down sides of our stay was the very tiny elevators that you could only comfortably fit four slender adults in, they were usually crowded or had a long wait to get on. The stairs were hard to find but we opted to take them instead of waiting for the elevators after they were discovered. The parking is paid (about 25 CAN a day) but that was to be expected. Also, the hotel's bar/restaurant was under construction during our stay. It would have been nice to be able to grab a drink without having to leave the hotel. Overall a four star stay due to the many plus sides of the accommodations of the Hotel Europa.
5	The proximity to the Bell Centre is what drew us here. For the price we paid, it was clean and spacious and very comfortable. I would certainly go back! It`s quite a popular location, with 2 restaurants attached to the hotel. Very convenient.Jeff H mentioned construction being done in the hotel - as of the time of this writing, it looks like that work is all done. We were impressed with the floors in the room, and the shower was fabulous!! Why does it often come down to the restrooms?! But in this case I have to give credit where it is due. They had one of those rainforest showerheads, and very modern sliding glass doors. The shower is big enough for two.The room was very quiet overnight, and there was a comfortable fold out bed in the couch.I was impressed and I would go back.
