4	My go-to for affordable, solid Mexican food. Whenever I've had a crap day and just want something hearty, and a little greasy, I stop by on the way home and pick up dinner for the whole fam, and an horchata for me. Everything I've gotten has been really delish -- especially the shredded beef. Maybe not the fish tacos. They were OK, but I would not get them again. I also walk out of there with probably 50 little containers of the various salsa, in different combinations.
3	The previous time I ate here was like 13-14 years ago.  I think this was the only location at that time.  I had a spinach enchilada and a fish taco.  I had already been introduced to 'bertos around the valley.  Because they use 8" instead of 10" tortillas for their enchiladas I thought I didn't get enough for my money and they used cilantro, which I do not care for, in their fish taco. I removed this place from my list of lunch spots near work.The other evening eating at Stir Fry Paradise I noticed quite a few customers at the Caramba next door.  So I looked up the reviews for all the locations and didn't see any red flags.  And Korina A doesn't care for cilantro either and she made no mention of it in her review.  So I tried it out again for lunch.  This time eating in instead of sending someone for take out. I got the combination #4 (see picture), shredded beef taco, cheese enchilada, rice, beans ($6.65) and a small horchata.  Total with tax: $8.54.It is still about a dollar more than a 'bertos and the enchiladas are still smaller.  But it gets better.  The meal comes with a bowl of fresh chips.  There is a salsa bar with fresh made salsas instead of inedible hot sauce.  They use the next grade up of cheddar cheese.  The enchilada sauce is better.  The beans and rice are a little better.  And I can no longer eat all of a 'bertos combo any more anyway :-)  I just barely finished this one.It was a perfect day for the patio.  Being on the North side of the building I can see it getting hot at midday even with the umbrellas during  the summer.It is still a fast food Mexican place but one that is worth a little more.  It is now back on my list of places to go.
3	This last time we got the "big caramba," which is a beef burro, served enchilada style. It certainly was big. I'll give them that. I swear the tortillas they used were 2 feet across, and they used two of them for each burro. But it was so bland and goopy. This was actually confirmation of what I've experienced the last few visits. It seems their food has gotten more flavorless and sloppy.
4	I love Carumbas! Is it fancy? No. Is it a restaurant? Not quite (it's a walk up to the counter and order, pay, then go get your food when it's ready). Is it delicious? YES. I love love their stuffed quesadilla and their pico di gallo is always yummy. Their burritos are pretty good too.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this place for cheap, fast, great Mexican. Shredded beef tacos are the best I've had. Cheese crisps are always cooked perfectly, and free chips and salsa!
4	Good food and very reasonable prices.  I know and like good Mexican food and recommend this place.  They serve good Margaritas also.  The food was taste and well seasoned.  Forget the atmosphere, go for the food.
4	I was craving a fish taco so my hubby and BIL drove to Glendale.  We discovered this place some years ago simply by accident and loved it.  The broiled fish taco did not disappoint.  If was fresh, hot and yummy.  Their pollo asado taco is also tasty.  They have a small salsa bar and give you chips with your order.  Service is quick and the price is excellent.
2	I tried the giant carumba and it is a huge b3ef burrito enchilada style. The beef is watery and lacks flavor but sure looks good. On previous visits they usually gibve a smsll bowl of chips for the wait but maybe they have cut back. The service was not friendly but fairly quick. Hope it was just a bsd day for them and not a new trend. Bring back some flavor and ease up on the salt
4	They have a decent menu and really good prices.  You do get a decent amount of food for the price that you pay.  The Fried Ice Cream is the best that I have had in my opinion!
1	I will start by saying, the food was decent , but the experience was why I gave this a 1 star. Not all  "white" people are "white". The skin might be but the ethnicity could surely be mixed with Mexican/Spanish. The cooks , and guys working there were disgusting , and forget that they may not be the only ones who speak Spanish. Making nasty comments about a woman in the restaurant made my food taste like shit. An sending guys out from the back to have a look was a bit tasteless also. Mind you this woman was a mother of children. I would rather take my wife and kids to Taco Bell after tonight. Very disappointing , considering that the "token boy" -manager had no problem with any of this. It's no wonder 3  people came in to eat in the 45 minutes we were there. I think these men forgot that they weren't in the Tijuana strip club there used to. Not the "donkey show" Jotos, relax a little.
2	I used to love coming there to get my burrito fix as their food is way better and fresher than of the "Bertos" but lately it's gone down hill in way of service and food. Last time the food was way over salted but I let it slide. Today my burrito was just sloppily rolled with air pockets all throughout and I couldn't even see any chicken till I almost finished it. I only ever order the pollo asado burrito so I can't speak for other dishes on the menu. Whoever runs this place needs to be fired and have all new people come in. It's also not as clean as it used to be. I don't care if service isn't that friendly, I just want my food and my food done right but if you're somebody who cares about great service then this is not the place for you!
4	I pass by this place weekly, but it was only my second visit.  I just wanted to pick up a burrito for later.  I'm all about a simple dish, so I got the bean burrito with cheese.  Granted, my family is filled with great cooks, but the beans were so good!  Just a yum dish, I cant wait to try other items.  Just wish place was bigger!!!!
4	AWE.......the original Caramba's, feels like home. This location does not have a bar area like some of the other locations, but I have been eating here for 8 years and it is my favorite location. The staff is always super nice and the food is always out nice and quick. In the few minutes you have to wait before your food is ready you can take advantage of the salsa bar. They give you the chips, you pick your salsa, or pico.The beef chimi comes with sour cream and guacamole and until I have one here I don't like, I will keep ordering it. I have had there tacos several times as well and they are also very good. I don't like the 25 cent refills but other then that I can not say enough good stuff about Caramba's.
5	I love this place! Best menudo in town. They serve it all week but I suspect they make it fresh on the weekends.  Can't beat the price, $5.25 for a good size bowl, satisfies every time!
