3	New Jersey inspired subs.
4	Direct competition to the Subway across the street. It's fresh cut deli meats and better menu make it a far better choice than Subway.
5	Enjoyed this place a lot they cut the cheese and meats in front of you, i got the super sub (mikes way) and it was awesome. This is by far way better then subway. The only thing is i wish there was a little bit more choice in the veggies and bread, but hey it was still freakin good.
4	We checked out Jersey Mike's last weekend and it was a pleasant experience.  We sat outside, of course what's not to like with this Phoenix weather right?  Nice crew with lots of enthusiasm in there.  I would say that you would receive a quality  lunch in a family atmosphere here.  Good vibe.
5	If you like subs, you really should try this place.  They have two types of bread (white and wheat) so the selection isn't as varied as Subway but it's very fresh and tasty.  It has a real deli feel to it and they have arranged it so there is a meat and cheese case next to a toppings case.The staff at this location is very friendly.  I've been at the Happy Valley location three times now and each time the place was extremely clean and the staff was energetic and warm. Highly recommended.
4	Just had a "famous Philly". Delicious. I am a fan and will be back.
4	Been there a few times with the coworkers and we've tried just about every sub on the menu. The hot subs are by far the best. The Reg Chipotle Philly on white is pretty much the best sub you can nab at lunch time. A few tips when you go there: 1. Just get the regular sized sub unless you are splitting the same sub with someone. Their large size is the length of your arm. For real. 2. Inside seating is limited but there is a nice front patio that they share freely with other establishments there. 3. Get a sub card...you'll be back. Very friendly place with very clean inside and they keep the patio nice as well.
5	Good fresh subs. I like that Meat and cheese are cut in front of you. Work-mates swear by the tuna, and I've not found a hot sandwich on the menu I didn't like. Ask for a sandwich "Mike's way" for all the fixings. The place is new to the area (opened late December 10) and it didn't hurt my impression of the place that they partnered with a local elementary school to celebrate opening. Add to that fact that the manager and employees remember me though I only go every other week and greet me warmly each time.Fresh ingredients and a "local place" feel - a great place for lunch!
4	Excellent food at a good price. Went in not expecting much but the subs reminded me of philly sub shops back east. Everything was fresh and the store was spotless.
1	I work right across the street and a few of us went here for lunch one afternoon. I ordered a salad to go. As soon as I saw the guy grab shredded sandwich lettuce to make my salad I almost told him to stop but I didn't. I regreted it when I started to dig in and realized the lettuce was brown and yellow. Very disappointed. $6+ bucks for nasty lettuce tomatoes and green peppers. I ordered a salad thinking I was getting something like the picture on their website. I won't be returning here. I'll be passing on lunch next time the co-workers opt for this place.
4	Yummy.  Apparently these are more in Cali but one showed up here and it's pretty darn good.  Much better than Subway and Quiznos... and you can have your sub all as a sandwich.  It was HUGE!The seasoning is pretty great and they have oil and vinegar and their vinegar is pretty good.Yes, you can have nasty tasting vinegar and good tasting vinegar. :)It's pretty darn worth the trip.
5	Love it!! I get the turkey provolone, but its amazing. Always real busy in there, but its worth it. Not bad pricing for the size you get as well... Good deal!
2	Stopped in Sunday for lunch after a high recommendation from a friend of mine in San Diego.   She claimed it was the best sub she's ever had so I had to try it.  Unfortunately my sub came up short with lack of taste and toppings.  When we pulled up I noticed it was super busy and was thinking man they must have great subs for it to be so packed.  Was lucky to get a booth inside but it wasn't as clean as others have stated in other reviews.  I had to take one of their comment cards and wipe the table of all crumbs on the ground as others had obviously done from the looks of the floor.  I had the Chipotle Cheese Steak sub that I split with my husband.  The bread tasted ok, but it wasn't fresh out of the oven. They skimpt on the steak and hardly saw any onions at all on it.  For the price of the sandwich I really was expecting to get more.  The sauce was the best thing about it but I was wanting more of it as well.  I won't be going back.  Sad that it wasn't a better first impression.
4	Wow, reviews all over the board!I went for lunch and got a Regular Italian Mike's way.The amount of meat was perfect. Thin? Yes...but there was plenty.The lettuce was fresh today as someone else mentioned.The bread was very good and fresh. (I was in around 11:00AM so that helps).The vinegar was tasty, yes I agree, there are some vinegars that taste better than others....they have good vinegar here.Overall, not the best I have ever had, but it is pretty darn good.
4	as sub shops go this one is pretty good. much better than Quiznos. they are a little proud of their subs though.
5	Very few chain fast and quick food eateries deserve my attention.  But, Jersey Mike's is the big time exception.  Their sub sandwiches are the best by far, even over mom and pop delis.  My wife and I have eaten at several of their locations throughout the Phoenix area and they are equally excellent.   The fresh sliced meats just seem to be the difference.  The prices are right and the restaurants are kept clean.  Highly recommended.
3	I've been here a handful of times and I do enjoy it. Not as much as my mother does but I can eat it every once and awhile. I like getting the Club Sub the most but hold the mayo please. The whole "Mike's Way" concept is nice but I think they put way too much vinegar and oil. I just always have to remind myself to say easy on the oil and vinegar please. The bread is also very tasty and I do like that they slice it in front of you! Very fresh :) The pricing is...meh...I wish they were 3-4 dollars cheaper and I also wish they had COKE and not PEPSI products bleh!
2	This place is just an over priced subway. 25.00 for two subs and drinks! Ahhh! GET REAL!!!
4	I'm from south NJ and what I miss the most is the great bread.  Jersey Mike's has the best bread over any other sandwich shops I've been to in Arizona and makes me feel like I am back east.  I recommend the white over the wheat personally.I am a big fan of their hoagies and especially the roast beef and turkey sandwich with bacon.  Also their cheesesteak is very good.  I haven't had the tuna yet, but my friend has and he loved it.  Very delicious food here and I haven't been disappointed yet!
5	Wow! We flew in to Phoenix and were headed to Sedona when we stopped off for a bite. Luck brought us to Jersey Mike's and we are glad it did. My wife and I split a giant veggie sub which was fantastic. The staff was really nice and helpful. Too bad we don't have a Jersey Mike's back in Ohio.
4	JERSEY MIKE'S IS EXPENSIVE FOR A SANDWICH SHOP! Just letting you know that right off the bat if you have yet to go there. Not quite sure what makes their ingredients so much different from the rest that's on planet Earth to warrant their pricing. But I digress. Beyond that the sub I had was very good. I tried the large chicken Parmesan (which will throw you back alittle over $11. That's just for the sandwich. So yeah, the people that work there probably have to work 2 hours to afford a sandwich there.) and I was not disappointed one bit. The only problem I had when I first got there was how to order. I thought it was like Subway so I was expecting them to ask me what I wanted on it while they were making it. But they just made it and wrapped it up without asking me what else I wanted on it. So word to the wise. Make sure u know exactly what you want on it the moment you order.
5	Forget about other sub shops - Jersey Mike's is the BEST! They cut the meat and cheese fresh when you order your sub - everything is fresh and delicious every single time I go to Jersey Mike's! I read other reviews about it being expensive - here's the deal - you get what you pay for. Jersey Mike's has quality food and excellent service - well worth paying a little extra for! Tip: Get your sub and then let it sit in the fridge for a few hours - the flavors melt together and become even more amazing :)
5	I love Jersey Mike's Subs!  Everything is so fresh here, the meat, bread, and veggies taste great!  I love the Chipotle Philly Sub and the Club Supreme.  I'm not sure what it is that makes Jersey Mike's way better than Subway or Quizno's, but maybe its the fresh cut meat, fresh cut cheese, or fresh bread.  Check it out!
3	Good sub but on the expensive side. Also they don't have Fries!!And everytime someone orders a hot sub the entire staff yells HOT STUFF! It's frickin Annoying! !!!!!!!!!! And serves no purpose! Quit it!
5	The meats are sliced fresh for each sandwich.  The bread is fresh and very flavorful.  The price for the size is great!  I wish they had other sides other than chips.  And I have a card I get punched so every 10th sandwich is free.  I think Jersey Mike's blows Port of Subs out of the water!  Subway is average and very generic.
3	It is good food.  Sometimes a little expensive for what it is but pretty good.
1	The last time I rated a Jersey Mike's Subs, I gave 'Mike's a "4", a high review for me.  And, I would have recommended it to anyone.  Thing have changed. . .The tuna hoagie is crap, don't get it.  It is sloppy wet and soaks the roll.  They have apparently changed vendors for their meats.  The turkey is almost tasteless.  The meats for the Italian Sub are also not what they used to be. We called the Happy Valley store to complain after we discovered the changes.  The 'person in charge' said that 'corporate' had changed the supplier for the tuna and they knew it was awful.  So, why didn't you tell me before I bought the sandwich?  If you know it's that bad, why are you serving it?  It looks like the local franchisee is looking to max out profits at the expense of quality.  Jersey Mike's is off my list, check what they are putting in your sandwich before you get burned too.
5	Get the Philly.Get the Philly. Get the Philly. Don't mess with the other mediocre subs. The cheesesteak is ridiculous and somehow the best in the valley.
4	Ahhh jersey mikes. Sounds kinda like a truckstop you avoid on a long road trip but let me tell you my friends...it's definitely a stop you should make. The BREAD: soft, flaky and fresh. The MEAT: sliced fresh for every sandwhich. The toppings...different and very good.  You can order your sub "mikes way" and it will come with lettuce, tomatoes, white onion & LOTS of (too much imo) oil and vinegar... as for the prices,  i think the people complaing about an 11.00 samdwhich are failing to mention,  that size sandwhich is literally 3 meals! I get the regular sub which is still huge & end up eating one half for lunch & the other for dinner. You can get the mini which is plenty of food for ME (probably not enough  if your a guy or have a hefty appetite ) for under 5 bucks. One thing that constantly keeps me coming back is the customer service. I would much rather spend my $ in a place that takes pride in it's customer service,  listens, and gives you what you asked for than any other mediocre serviced sub shop offering a 5.00 footlong and an attitude.  Oh and another brownie point mikes scored on the board? They have fox news on. That a boy!!
4	Went there today because I'm trying to check out the eateries in my new neighborhood and it's hard to find a good sub. Ordered the giant club sub. Unfortunately I was running errands and it ended up sitting in the back seat of my car for well over an hour. Still, it was a great sub. Good bread, fresh meat that isn't slimy and questionable like at some places and lots of ingredients. I can't wait to try some of the other sandwiches on the menu.Update: Also have tried the meatball sub and Philly cheese steak, both were excellent.
2	This place was overpriced and not that good. The bread tasted old and stale, the meat was alright, there are just a lot better options if you want to spend $13 on a meal. The only reason I have two stars instead of one is because the workers were really nice and helpful, it's not their fault the sandwiches they're serving are not quality.
3	Decent overpriced commercial subs. Service is always friendly.
4	Good bread and meats. Staff was friendly. Little more expensive than subway or mr. Goodcents. But I enjoy it mikes way!
5	This location is great, best sub I've had yet. My roommate told me before how friendly the staff was. Not sure if it was the same guy, but very courteous and friendly. It's rare nowadays (in PHX at least) for restaurant employees to care enough to ask you how your day's been and make small talk with people. That always gets a tip out of me! Food is excellent and their roast beef is pink instead of nasty brown. I love that! I would love it even more if they would call it 'roast beast' (Grinch anyone?). Also, their bread is of the crusty variety, not soft like Subway. Sometimes I wonder if other reviewers think it's stale as they're basically comparing apples to oranges there. I didn't really pay attention to the prices because I had a coupon, but they send coupons in the mail all the time, so people should keep a lookout for those. Even though you can get a bigger sub elsewhere for cheaper, these subs are heartier and therefore way more filling. I can eat a footlong sub at Subway with little effort, a regular sub from Jersey Mike's, not as easy! That's a good thing!
5	seriously... these are some gosh-dang-good-subs! My dad is from Philly and I was raised hearing stories about the legendary 'hoagies' that he had the privilege of enjoying in his youth (he had went on and on about them so much, that I almost felt like I could taste them :) and then one day... I did taste them, at Jersey Mikes! The fresh baked bread, the sliced to order meats and cheeses (we're not talking Blimpies here!) these sandwiches are legit! I always order mine 'Mike's way' which includes oil, vinegar, spices, lettuce, tomatoes and thinly sliced onion- then I add the hot cherry pepper relish, omg! so good! Stick with the cold subs... I have tried a few on the hot side of the menu (cheese steaks and reubens) and while they are ok, I have always regretted it and wished I was eating one of the awesome choices on the cold side (#2 and #5 are the best!)
3	Always a safe bet for a sandwich. Nothing that stands out for me, just a decent sandwich and my kids like it.
5	I go here quite often and there hoagies are spot on I'm from the east coast.
4	Awesome sandwiches. The quality is great and they are consistent. The staff is friendly and helpful. But they are expensive, very expensive.
1	I love your subs , but I went in there and saw many flies , so I kindly told the worker , I was not ordering because of all the flies and walked out... ekk gross.
1	Subs are okay. A little better than Subway but priced much higher.But here's why they get 1 star: I paid $30 for 3 adults and a child, which is fine. A little high, but whatever. I didn't leave a tip because I didn't feel one was warranted. The guy taking my payment (or another employee) obviously didn't agree because today, on my bank statement, there is an initial authorization for $30 and a final charge of $33. So they gave themselves a $3 tip without my authorization.I sent a message through the site and have received no response. That was about 7 hours ago.
1	First time at Jersey Mike's; When you order online,  they make your sandwich the exact opposite of what you ordered -  it's great!  We ordered an Italian and a Club,  no onion, no mayo,  add banana peppers and pickles. We received an Italian and a Turkey,  covered in onions and mayo,  no banana peppers or pickles on soggy bread.  Didn't discover it until I got home.  Never again.  I'll stick to Jimmy Johns or Goodcents.
4	Hands down the best service in town!We were regulars here for a long time (only stopped coming after moving far away). The staff is amazing and the subs are fresh and delicious. We usually get the veggie.  Their bread is lovely and the veggie's great, especially with lots of red wine vinegar. Love this place!!
4	My wife loves how fresh the meat tastes and their pepperoncinis.  I love how close they are to my house and the heartiness after eating a full sub.  A little pricier than subway, but the reason is the quality of the meats I believe.  Therefore, this is somewhere to stop by for a quick lunch or dinner.  Helpful staff and overall great food.  We will see you again Jersey Mike!
1	Update: They never did get back to me.
5	I checked this place out for the first time due to a coupon at work (YAY coupons!).  I had turkey and provolone on wheat "Mike's Way" (onions, lettuce, tomatoes, olive oil blend, red wine vinegar and spices).  I was kind of cautious about having it "Mike's Way" since I usually load my sub up with olives, red onions, pickles, tomatoes, cucumbers, ranch, salt/pepper and everything else almost under the sun -- however, since the veggies were SO good, crisp, fresh, ripe, etc, the meat plentiful and the bread was great - it was perfect.  Also, the staff were super friendly.... My only regret is that I did not pick up napkins!So, thanks! I'll be back for sure!  The regular sub was a perfect size for lunch.  :)
5	I love jersey mikes so much more than subway. I don't think I can ever eat subway again. The prices are a little higher but worth the money and you can add avocado to any sub with no extra cost.
5	Love this place,  I ordered a #11, which is not on the menu and got it Mike's way...PERFECTION
3	Yes, there are a ton of choices if you're looking for a quick bite while shopping at the Happy Valley Towne Center, but if you're in the mood for a quick sandwich then Jersey Mikes is always a safe bet. As far as chain sandwich shops in the area go, the Js (Jersey Mikes and Jimmie Johns) always seem to rise to top. Jersey Mikes always delivers fresh and satisfying sandwiches. I think the key is their fresh bread and generous dollops of mayonnaise. If I'm in a healthy (guilty) mood, then I usually go with a simple #7 - the turkey and provolone, piled with veggies and light on the mayo. If I'm feeling like I want to indulge, I go with the #13 Italian with extra onions.I have never been disappointed at Jersey Mikes....though their numbering system does leave me a bit confused....Next time, I'll order a #4 and see what I get!
4	First time at Jersey Mikes today. Arrived at 11:45 for lunch and there were a dozen guests plus three in line. I ordered a regular Italian with no frills for $7.80 with tax. The service was efficient if a bit fast. Seemed they were competing with Jimmy Johns for speed. I like my meal in a hurry but I don't like to be rushed. The guy in line behind me was completely flustered since they talk so fast you can't hear or understand them. They also had to add some condiments to my sub that they had missed. On to the food: the bread was fresh, baked just right with a slightly crunchy crust and soft middle. The veggies were crisp and the meat/cheese were sliced to order. The portions seemed a bit slight compared to Port of Subs but there were options, like pepper relish, that POS doesn't offer. I will return to JM again and try a hot sandwich.
