4	When looking for the random odds and ends in the world of crafts, 9 out of 10 times I can find it at Michaels. Holiday decorations, scrap booking materials, framing, arts and crafts, ribbons, bridal gear...you name it, Michaels has got it. The pricing here is incredibly reasonable. They have several $1 specials, coupons, and sales galore. If I'm on the hunt for a new craft project, all I have to do is walk into Michaels and the ideas start flowing. The staff is always helpful. I just wish I was blessed with the thumb for arts and crafts so I could advance to the pro crafters who go through this store snatching up this and that while I stand there knowing they are about to create a masterpiece!
3	Michaels is not the best art supply store, but it's great as a general craft store.  The selection of paint, brushes, paper and drawing materials is hit-or-miss, and the prices are more expensive than an art supply store like Arizona Art Supply or Utrecht.  They don't always take care in handling their inventory either; I've purcahsed Prismacolor colored pencis from Michaels, only to be disappointed by the shattered pigment (I was sharpening and sharpening and sharpening....).  Paint brush selection is filled with mediocre brushes (even the "artist" kind)--they're ideal for your kids' craft projects.  Canvases are RIDICULOUSLY expensive, are of poor quality and they don't sell stretcher bars or raw canvas to build your own.  Yes, this is in fact a craft store--not an art supply retailer.  If you're looking for kitchy, crafty items, Michaels is the place to go.  They sell everything from fake flowers and plants to mosaic kits, scrapbooking materials, beads and knitting materials.  They have a large selection of frames which are often on sale.  These are great for the artist on a limited budget.  Beware, they only carry frames of standard (i.e. not unsual) dimensions, so plan your artwork accordingly.  I've never used their custom framing services.  I wait for my Michael's coupons in the mail before I venture over to the store; I always find myself purchasing items or trinkets I don't need every time I shop here...
5	i always thought this store was for old ladies who wore mumu's all day, with curlers in their hair, lots of cats, and bought stuff on TV. then i met my wife....she is a self-professed scrapbood/craft nerd (btw...her scrapbooks are DA BOMB! if i may describe a scrapbook that way). it was only a matter of time before i was introduced to Michaels. now i stop in a couple of times a year. what i really like is buying craft kits for my niece and nephew and sometime, my dad (to keep the old fella busy and senile). it's a wonderful place for the imaginative and what better way to spend some quality time with your kids than a craft that the parents will wind up finishing anyway! no, i really think this is a neat, neat place.
3	We went searching for window cling decorations but alas they had none. The shelves seemed really empty and there were very few people in sight. This is a great place to come to when you have those coupons that they provide in the paper, or as I like to call it: junk mail.
4	I accompanied the Wife while she shopped for items she needs to finish random projects she's working on around the house.  I'm not very good at this stuff, so it amazes me that she can walk into this store and buy a ton of pieces for frames, displays, and other pieces of art and put it all together.This location doesn't get too busy very often, which is why she enjoys coming here.  That way she can take her time browsing the aisles and get inspired.The employees are always very friendly here.Return Factor - 70%
3	Good selection, but there are never enough cashiers. We were 15 people deep the last time I got in line.  And only one cashier.
2	customer service, not service at all. Agent saw me coming and dropped her head no eye contact. OK so you don't want to be bothered. There were only two of you available, so if you are too busy please hire more help this is your job "Customer Service"
