5	If I could give twenty stars I surely would!  I have been wanting to try Jewel's Cupcakes for a while now....and I decided that I was going to for the Holiday's.  I haven' t had cake since becoming gluten free almost a year ago.  I decided it was time to indulge!I ordered a Chocolate cake with chocolate ganache icing and chocolate cream cheese filling. I've learned that with gluten free bakery items that you take what you get and I try not to get too excited because I've been disappointed by the taste so many times....well not here!  No sirree boy!  I LOVE AND ADORE Jewel's Cupcakes!  Well, okay.  Cake.  This cake rivals any full on wheat flour cake I've ever had!  I'd go so far as to say it is the BEST cake I've ever had.  Oh, yes............I'll partake of many items from this amazing woman!I want to work my way through the entire menu available!  Joy is supreme.  Tummy is happy and I won't be sick.  Thanks for this amazing piece of heaven on earth!
5	Okay, it's been a while since my last review of Jewel's Cupcakes and I have eaten my way around the menu since the last one.  Julie, the owner, is so easy to work with!  She makes eating gluten free an easier task than it was before meeting her.I think her chocolate chip cookies and snickerdoodles are little pieces of heaven.  The chocolate chips are plentiful and the spice level in the snickerdoodles is just perfect.  Brownies....moist, creamy, chocolate and hard to quit with just one or two or.......you get the idea!  Oh, banana bread?  YES!I've been gluten free for about 15 months now and I have YET to eat a treat anywhere that rivals or even comes close to Jewel's treats. I have also been attending Julie's cooking classes that she has occasionally and I highly recommend them as well.  She sells her own flour mix and I use it for several things that I've learned at her classes.  We've made apple pie, biscuits, chicken tenders, " hand pies"  (little pies which are filled with meats and veggies for main meals or fruits, etc. for desert pies).  I look forward to what the next class might offer so that I can incorporate more choices in my gluten free journey!So whether you want the most amazing desert ever which just happens to be gluten free (she offers many other options such as vegan, dairy free, etc.) or to expand your cooking options by buying her mixes and creating some of your old favorites that you've been missing...........give her a call.  You'll be so happy that you did!
5	Jewel's Cupcake Shop made my wife's birthday this year!  Due to a food allergy with our infant son my wife is on a no dairy, egg, or soy diet.  Julie was able to make my wife's favorite, carrot cake cupcakes, without using any of the allergens mentioned above and they were awesome!  I would highly recommend this business to anyone looking for a great dessert for any occasion.
5	I was craving some sweets today and told my husband about this place. Apparently, one needs to make an appointment but my husband made one right away when he called. We got a Baileys cupcake, a chocolate cupcake, and a carrot cupcake all of them were DELICIOUS! Seriously most gluten free pastries are horrible but these were great. We will definitely be going there frequently.
5	Growing up with a father in the food business, and myself spending 24 years in the business I've grown used to the best foods available.  Most would call me a "food snob."  Hats off to Jewel's for not only hitting a home run with their glorious cakes (the salted caramel is hands down my favorite) but doing it gluten free!  I'm almost our of leftover cake from the wedding and I honestly don't know what I'll do!  I guess I'll just have to order one for myself! These cakes are not the light, airy, tasteless variety, but  moist and chewy with a littel weight behind it!  And the cream cheese frosting is to die for!  Can't wait for the next occassion so we can order more!!!
5	I bought a dozen cupcakes last week to bring to a party. One person was strictly GF, several others just prefer GF. Wow, it was like a cupcake orgy! Everyone was devouring the cupcakes and talking about how good they were and how surprising that they were GF. I was really happy!I ordered an assortment and didn't specify the flavors, just asked for most popular. When I got them, I went to the website to match them up by the way they looked. I knew people were going to ask me what flavors they were. I made a grid of 12 circles with the flavors as best as I could figure out. (Yes, I am a Virgo, if you must know!) Carrot Cake and Red Velvet were obvious. Some of the others, not so much. The website doesn't have photos of all the cupcakes yet. Some just have the flavor names. I just labeled some on the grid with a question mark. It was fine.Julie the owner went out of her way to make it easy for me to pick up the cupcakes. Excellent service! I paid over the phone with a credit card and got a text receipt. All things considered, a stellar experience and I'd highly recommend Jewel's. The cupcakes were much better than Sprinkles or Gigis.
5	I would be happy if my body would allow me eat at this place several times a day!
5	Jewel made my daughters wedding cake.   It was beautiful and delicious.  Everyone raved about it.
5	THE best cupcakes I've ever tasted. What a huge bonus they are GF (and no one was able to tell the difference!!). We bought a variety--caramel macchiato, red velvet, chocolate ganache and carrot cake. All superb. I'm telling all my local friends and fam about the deliciousness that is Jewels! So excited they are opening a bakery in July (she bakes out of her house for now). Can't wait to give the other flavors a try; especially the vegan ones. Ps-Julie, the owner is so nice and sweet! She was extremely helpful when I was trying to order over the phone. :) This place is a win-win!
5	Such a lifesaver! Couldn't ask for a better gf bakery! So excited for their cafe to open! Best pumpkin bread on the planet! :)  Will be using them for all my wedding desserts!
5	.
