3	Eggs any way you can imagine.  Avoid the hollandaise sauce, its not good.  Other than that, decent breakfast.  Theres really no better way to kick off your hot sweaty day in AZ than with eating.
2	There are much better places for breakfast.  Sorry.
2	I have to agree with Shannon W this time. The name says it is the good egg, the reality is, its just an egg. It is slightly friendlier than a Denny's, but there is really no reason to go out of your way to find a location or even bother to eat here. the Hollandaise sauce is disgusting, and the ham needs to be sliced much. much thinner, the eggs benedict should be avoided. It is what it is. There are better places to go for breakfast.
3	They should call it The Cold Egg.  I went there twice last week and all the eggs were cold.  The saving grace is that the pancakes are awesome.  I cannot remember better pancakes.
3	Love the choices...especially on the healthily side...I am so tired of being restricted to "one-healthy" breakfast.  All the veggies were fresh and crisp in my omelets...nice up sell with the dollar sides...sometime you just need a little bit of pancakes...so that was good...More attention to detail their side stations are un kept...so if you are facing one, like I was...you are forced to look at an unappealing and un appetizing view...glad to have a place dedicated to breakfast in the hood!
1	The service was so poor, I was about ready to call for delivery from Jack in the Box. Waiter offered lame excuses for his and the kitchen's slow service, citing that he had to wait the tables outside.  There was one couple outside!.  The place wasn't busy.  No excuse.  When the food arrived it was adequate.  Avoid this location if you have things you need to get done during the day, as you will be there awhile. Great menu, but you need to go to another location that believes in customer service.
3	Usually great food and great service.  For some reason, we caught them on an off day because our waitress was more interested in talking to her co-worker at the counter than taking our order. Kind of disappointing. Also, I'd checked in on Twitter and with that, you score a cinnamon roll. Kinda nice, huh?  Except our waitress had no idea what to do and told us to let the cashier know when we left.   Uh...OK....We'll go back but we sure to get a different waitress next time.  Good food, good location, and mostly good staff.
1	Poor poor service, then they finally show up and then away they go to have long conversation with some friend. Door is just OK
3	I love the food at The Good Egg, but the servers at this NoSco location are all a bunch of bitches. They have no manners or conversational skills. I know everyone has bad days, but this has been the case every time for the past 5 years. If you don't enjoy your job, find a new one.
2	I go out of convenience although they do make a decent breakfast. The only issue i have is the prices are far too high for service that is less than par. I think it's just the way they run the business rather than any fault of the staff. When you go expect to wait awhile while watching open tables remain unseated. The waiting area is always crowded and that's the same place where you have to pay your bill. Make sense? Not at all. Again it has redeeming qualities but I really only go bc I can walk to one near me but I'd never make a special trip to this place.
1	Have been there on several different occasions and must say....each time was the same......TERRIBLE service with very unfriendly waitresses and staff. I will never go back again.  There are much better choices around (like IHOP) that make it a much more pleasant experience.
2	I've been to better breakfast joints!  However, the service has always been good and it's close to our house.  The food is nothing to write home about.  The eggs benedict are decent and the omelets so, so.   However the hog wild skillet breakfast is quite tasty!
5	We love this good egg! Noticed a lot of bad reviews, not sure why, we've always had great service, Michael was our sever today, he was especially great. My fave is the veggie skillet, I get it over the potatoes and add the black beans for $1. Excellent food and service!
2	This location is back sliding.I've been going here for the past nine years.The Wait Staff is OK, however, dosen't hold a candle to the Wait Staff of yore.Prices are sky rocketing here.Totally out-of-control."Good Egg", your food is good, but, overpriced.We live five blocks from this location.The closest IHOP is two miles away (raintree & the 101).If its Tuesday, we'll eat at the Good Egg.Tuesday, is double punch card day.Any other day we head for Ihop.
4	Ordered breakfast take out over the weekend. They have a huge selection of interesting breakfast dishes which is nice. I had the french toast, bacon, small order of potatoes, and split some sausage with my husband. He had the Old Pueblo. French toast was great, fairly thick with a light touch of cinnamon. I loved the strawberry topping they included on the side and I usually steer clear of fruit toppings. Potatoes were delicious, a mix of crispy and not so crispy with nicely cooked onions and a great flavor - I'm the salt and pepper queen and they didn't need either. Bacon (well done) was also very good. Sausage was delicious, had a great maple flavor. Husband liked the Old Pueblo but his eggs over easy were not runny enough. They forgot to include my biscuit in the order but I'll let it slide this time.
1	This place has put the meaning of wait into waitstaff.
1	Ugh!  We normally come here for breakfast which is good, but made the mistake of having lunch.  WOW, what a disappointment!We both ordered salads and ice tea.  It came with wilted lettuce that seemed to have it's strawberry dressing tossed hours earlier.  The portions were minuscule which we didn't finish.   The tab came to $24.76.  Ouch!So, skip the lunch and keep to the breakfast menu.Sorry!
1	The description says this restaurant has waiter service ... I beg to differ.  That's all I have to say about this one.
4	I love the good egg because after a late night of partying I can wake up with a hangover and walk to the good egg because I live that close and grab some breakfast.   I especially love the egg muffins with blackberry jam and cottage cheese.   Odd combination but delicious.   the service is pretty much terrible everytime I go.   But I can stand it...I guess after coming for so long you just become used to it.  Haha.  Weird I know...    The best part of the Good EGG.   There is never a wait.    Even on a weekend the wait may be for 5 minutes.   It's just never jammed packed.   I don't know why that is.     Their protein shakes are the best.   I don't know how they make them but they come out just right.    Fruit salads are great.    Pancakes are decent.   Coffee is really good.   And the patio is great.   If you don't like it the 1st time you'll probably like it the second time.
1	I ate here once because my friend was being extremely picky. I'll never forgive her for it.She ordered bacon and I ordered breakfast potatoes, not thinking that hey... maybe the cook is going to be lazy and fry the potatoes in the bacon fat. He did. And my body started to reject it right as I got into my car. Not to mention, it was the world's smallest serving with the world's biggest price to accompany it.Bottom line: never again.
3	I hate doing this since the staff has been VERY nice, and the discount card is one of the best deals around, but  I cannot stress this enough, DO NOT CARRY OUT UNLESS YOU CHECK YOUR ORDER.My small business does carryout food from local restaurants at least once a week, and as yet we have not gotten a correct order more than once in a row.....Today, we did 3 items1. A 3-cheese omelet with crispy potatoes and an English muffin.The omelet had no cheese in the center, and in the past the "3" cheeses were cheddar cheddar and cheddar.  Also, the "crispy" potatoes were so overcooked they were inedible.2. A Blue and Brie omelet with black beans and an English muffin.I think there may have actually been blue cheese passed over this omelet, but none actually made it in.  My black beans looked suspiciously like potatoes.3. Rocky Mountain Omelet..... made correctly !! Hooray!Brenda is great, but the kitchen seems to be in a very automatic kind of routine.. and when you break it, chaos ensues......
1	This location has serious wait staff issues.  They all hang around the counter talking with each other rather than taking care of their customers.
1	We ate there in January and the staff is rude and slow! We thought that we would give it another try on the way to work today and OMG!Walked in this morning and it stunk to high heaven!!!!!!! The hostess was not nice whatsoever. We sat for a minute and just couldn't stand the smell so we walked out.We have eaten at other locations and love the food and service. But not at this one.
1	Let me start by saying that I was a fan of The Good Egg for a long time.  But that was probably because I was going to the one at Scottsdale Road and Carefree Hwy.  This location, which happens to be a mile from my house, is one that I have frequented the last few months.  And EVERY time I'm there, the service is horrific, starting as you enter the place. I never reviewed it because I felt a loyalty to the other store.  But today was the last straw.  I went for lunch and ordered something that I've ordered 20 times before, the santa fe straw sandwich.  The place had a total of 4 tables occupied when I got there and it took 18 minutes to get an iced tea.  When the sandwich arrived it was on this tiny little soggy bread and looked NOTHING like what it usually does.  There was also a rotten/brown piece of pineapple as a garnish...wth??? I asked the waiter, (who apparently won the personality of the year award), and he said they ran out of bread and were waiting on the "bread guy."  Piece of advice, you might want to tell the customer that, prior to accepting their order.  I was annoyed, but ate it anyway.  I ran out of tea prior to finishing the meal and of course the waiter never came back.  As I sat there fuming, hoping to get someone's attention, he came back and said, "we are selling these discount coupons for charity, did you want to buy one?"  EPIC FAIL Mr Personality!!!!!!!!!!
2	Prices keep going up and up and the portion size and quality keep going down. We have been eating that this particular good egg for over 10 years. We have seen the place change drastically over the past 12-24 months.The other day I ordered 2 strawberry pancakes. They used to be the full size of the plate and very fluffy. When they came out and were 2" all around smaller and flat as a crape, I made a casual comment to the food server about the size. Her answer was that most people waste them so they cut the size... But they didn't cut the price.I ordered corned beef hash and eggs. There was like a measured spoon full of corned beef hash, what was probably one scrambled egg (small, not even a jumbo) and potatoes. Hash was cold, eggs cold. Oh well, after all, it was double stamp Tuesday!This is just typical of what is going on there. We used to eat there a minimum of 2-3 times a week, now it is just an occasional double stamp Tuesday. In the area there are lots and lots of better places for less money, especially if you use Groupon, Restaurant.com or the entertainment book.On a side note, this place used to be crowded. We used to have to wait to be seated., Especially on a Tuesday. Now the place is always empty. 7 or 8 tables occupied. Maybe I am not the only one who feels this way???We will probably use up our free meals from the loyalty cards and move on to the better establishments in the area. My wife says we better use them fast or they won't be worth anything!
3	"No coffee, pancakes, or French toast today." What? I took my friend who was visiting from out of town here for breakfast on February 17. We were greated by the waitress who asked us if we wanted to sit inside or out. Definitely outside. It was nice out! "No coffee, pancakes,or French toast today." The power had gone out. But there might be some leftover free coffee from earlier that morning in the big outdoor container. There was... AND nice LITTLE styrofoam cups. OK- SO NOT the best initial experience..and NO compensation offered.We  laughed it off and didn't let that stop us from having a nice breakfast and reunion. My eggs were too runny for my liking, but that's probably my fault for not asking for them easy over.Other than that, all was well. We discovered the bathroom lights were also out. My friend used her cell phone for light. haha.I won't let this experience stop me from coming back if in the area again. It can't be like this every day....can it?
2	This is the first time we have been at a Good Egg in years.  There was not wait whatsoever and the place was packed on a Saturday morning.  I did not understand why they would charge  $1.50 for a small side of sour cream or horse radish sauce, this does not make sense.  The food was just okay nothing to write home about and their pancakes well a disappointment.  They are okay, but I usually like to eat my pancakes with just butter no syrup or honey, these were very dry and I can not cut them with just a fork needed a knife which speaks volumes....The prices are good some low some high....the ladies bathroom has no a/c so prepare to sweat like a sauna if you use it.  We might go back to try for lunch...but the extra charge for the sour cream and other sauce left a bad taste in my mouth....maybe some of the other ones have better food.  the service was exceptional.
5	Fresh, organic country potatoes and pancakes made just how I wanted them. So delicious, two thumbs up to the good egg!
5	I have been to Good Egg a few times now and have had excellent service and food every time I've been in. Yesterday (mother's day) my husband and I decided to grab a bite to eat there on our way further into Scottsdale. They were packed but were doing a good job with their service until a table of about 8 or 9 people decided that their food wasn't good enough. The first person complained of their ham LOOKING like "shoe leather." She never even tasted it and I saw it...looked like ham to me! Then about 10 minutes later another person complained of their potatoes being "too dry". About another ten minutes go by and yet another person complains of their bacon being too crispy and not limp enough. Then the complaints about the most ridiculous things just came one after another even though every single time they were very accommodating. They wasted a lot of food.The manager came and tried to help and it wasn't good enough and the owner came and tried to figure it out and help them and it still wasn't good enough until they heard they were getting their meal for free.But the point of this is to say that even though all that was going on our waitress was still amazing and apologetic for the delay (which wasn't a bad delay at all). I mean, don't get me wrong there was a wait but it was Mother's Day and there were a lot of tables of more than 5 people. We went into it knowing there would be a wait and they even said up front there would be a bit of a wait.We will be back!
4	The Good Egg is the perfect place to go when you have a hankering for tasty breakfast that won't keep you feeling guilty until dinner. Their menu includes lots of veggie-friendly/gluten-free options, but also appeals to meat lovers. (They have everyone covered.)I love the veggie skillet with extra cheese. It's a must order. Naomi Garnice gives this place two thumbs up!
4	We have breakfast here on Sundays after church.  One of my favorite dishes is the low calorie Power House Burrito (6 Egg Whites, Chicken Breast, Bell Peppers, Chile Peppers, Pico de Gallo, 300 calories), $10.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-good-egg-scottsdale-7?select=pydMTD8XrHB7urd0dZWh0Q#pydMTD8XrHB7urd0dZWh0QI can't believe this thing is only 300 calories!  However, I think it's legit because despite it's size, I don't leave the restaurant feeling stuffed....just satisfied.The servers here are really friendly and always on top of their game.  That's why we come here frequently.Return Factor - 90%
5	Amazing breakfast! And fantastic service!Ask to be seated in laura's  section ... She knows her stuff and Has alot of knowledge on the food!!! Try bacon pancakes!!! It's really good!!
1	This place is horrible! They said if you want real eggs you have to ask them. Very confusing why the name is the good egg if they do not even serve real eggs.
4	I should explain a little more.  This was my second visit.  I am giving it 4 stars now because the owner has reached out to me and is genuinely concerned about what he can do to make things better.1) It's clean and in good condition. Very pleasant atmosphere. Although the counter area trying to replicate a diner setting is not authentic or inviting.  The place looks like a very country farm house inside.2) The portions sizes are ok. For me I hade the eggs Benedict my first visit. It was cooked well... However hollandaise sauce was not good. And it was pricy @ $9. The spinach was not well seasoned.I did love the $1 whole wheat pancakes!!! 3) I visited again to eat the pancakes. I sat down to order then... But I was told I had to order a "stack" of plate sized pancakes and could not get the $1 ones without ordering a breakfast entree. I was not that hungry.And was not happy about paying $8+ for pancakes... Which after I added pecans ($1) real maple syrup ($1) ... One egg ($1) ... Potatoes ($1).  I wanted a simple pancake breakfast but ended up paying $14 for something that I felt should have been $8-$9The taste of the pancake was great... But other items were just ok. Potatoes were dry... Under cooked... Not well seasoned.The other person with my had a spinach and mushroom crape... Was bland... Really not cooked or seasoned well. Lacked presentation and pizazz3) Servers in general were great in general... But slow. Keep in mind that it does get really busy on Sunday mornings.I was expecting a little more when I went there.... Mainly from the quality and taste of the food at the price point paid.$30 for a breakfast for 2... Was a little much considering what we got.Still waiting for the owner to call back and discuss these things...I will go back again this Sunday and see what happens :)
4	3rd visitToday we had1) The egg white & 7 veggie omelette. -- Positives: Good flavor and portion size. Well seasoned. Great healthy choice-- Negatives: presentation is not great. Did not look appetizing. Big plate... Everything white. Look empty ... Makes you feel like you did not get value for the money.*** Suggestion: add a component to the plate that is colorful.2) Macho Nacho! Skillet dish with potatoes, pulled beef, egg, sour cream and sauce.-- Positives: Great presentation and good flavor. Looks appealing and value for the money.-- Negatives: Not enough of the sauce. Sour cream comes piled on.-- Suggestions: put sour cream and extra sauce on the side. Many people may not want or like sour cream. And then send it back and you lose money and leave a bad taste in the customers mouth :) ( yes... Pun intended )3) Love the whole grain pancakes. I order the "real" maple syrup.. But was not tasty. Better flavor from the fake stuff :)4)) Service was great today. ! Great staff... Very friendly. But there was an inconsistency-- Previously on my visits when I ordered Tea. I had a plate with lemon and honey.  No plate to put my teabag and no lemon or honey.The owner Mark has been really great with follow up and really listening to suggestions and trying to improve the customer experience and food quality.Still ended up with $30 bill for breakfast
1	First of all, I love The Good Egg. I live near the one in the 85250 zip code and it's great. I used to go to this one, which is close to where my elderly father lives, almost every weekend. The past several visits, though, have made me stay away for good. The reason? Flies. They seem to be everywhere, even indoors.I've mentioned the fly problem several times to the cashier and wait staff and the answer is always a blithe excuse that they come in from the patio. That's not good enough. It's become bad, really bad. So I'm looking for another inexpensive place for weekend breakfast/brunch/lunch nearby.
1	I brought my dog and was told he had to stay outside their patio area which is fine however 25 minutes after being seated outside and ignored I left. No one to even say "we'll be right with you!" Just kinda shocked me. I'm sure I'll give them another shot someday, but for now I'm totally turned off.
2	I received a very nice email from the manager who expressed his regrets about the problems my family and I experienced, and invited us to return after he personally took care of the fly issue. We did return in early November, but as the weather was really nice we sat outside. FWIW there were no flies outside. The service was OK at best. We were first asked for a drink order from 3 different servers, yet it took 15 min to get our drinks (tea, soda). It was just a little strange. Different people take the order, serve it, and clear the table although the person who took the order did stop by to ask if everything was ok.
4	I like this location. Plenty of room, plenty of servers.  The food was good and came quickly. The service was great.
3	Stopped in after a long hike. Good food but very much so your standard breakfast joint. Expect the classics to be just that - served very classic. Our waitress was quick and polite. The coffee was outstanding and plentiful. Great spot if you just want a good old breakfast.
3	Food is what is expected, consistent but nothing over the top.Service was slow until Lisa took over... assistant Manager. She apologized for slow service and provided a needed breath of fresh air.
1	Horrible service! We ordered drinks and after 10 minutes, a server came by and said the previous server got busy & asked us again what we wanted to drink.  Not the first time service has been less than average!
1	Not impressed with the food... Denny's is better and a lot better deal. Internet does not ever work .Waitress although was great ... Won't go back ..
1	WORST SERVICE EVER! Great food but it's almost not worth going there because the service is so aggravating. We started off sitting on the patio and waiting for 15 minutes before we had to go ask one of the many servers that kept passing by us for a waitress to help us. Finally someone came over and we put in our order however what I ordered they ran out of some of the ingredients so we made sure that was acceptable (what I am going to say, no? I don't have a menu anymore). Once we got our food my mothers was cold and wasn't right. Also our table setting were missing so we had to go to the other area and grab some off of another table. Another 10 minutes later the waitress came back and by that time we were almost done and asked for the check so we could get out of this place! Huge disappointment! Don't go!!!
3	This place is so cute, it almost makes me ill. Reminds me of some Grandmother's house in bucolic Iowa or something... Lace, ducks, yellow walls, baskets and flowers. Yet, despite the kitschy decor, the food is fresh, service is great, and the place has a cozy atmosphere. Prices are fair; not cheap, but not over the top expensive either.
