4	I always feel awkward going into a goodwill but this place is great!  Huge selection of tons of stuff from electronics to clothes.  That being said I would never buy the clothes but I needed a tv small, color, cheap.  For 6 bucks I got a tv I have hidden at work to play video games can't beat the price and it works great!  One mans trash is truely another mans treasure!
5	Sooo much better then other locations. I scored a pair of Paradigm bookshelf speakers for $12.99. They are in perfect condition and retailed for $220. LOL
5	Of all the Goodwill's I have been to, this location has got to be the best I have visited.I purchased my first piece of furniture at this 19th Ave/Happy Valley Rd. location.  It is the perfect vintage arm chair. So excited!When I walked in, I could tell instantly that it was one of the better locations.  It was bright, clean and well organized.  Not a bunch of junk laying around and much better selection in the stuff I like best like handbags, books and kitchenwares.The drop off area is covered, which is really nice too and the building is new.  I plan on finding more treasures here.  I am smitten.
2	This store seems to always have an abundance of stuff, all the time.......however they're more pricey than other Goodwill's.  If you're IN the neighborhood, then it's worth it to check it out, but expect to pay higher prices for their "better quality" clothing.   Good luck.
4	Store credit expires in 6 months. :(  I wish it didn't but at least it goes to a good cause I guess.  I visit these stores once in a while, but rarely find the size I need in cargo pants.  Must be a popular size.I always have to wash my hands soon after visiting the second hand stores. I don't think they wash the clothes that are donated before putting them on the racks. Or do they?My friend loves going to Goodwills. She goes regularly and takes a dog in a purse with her.  The dogs seem to enjoy getting out, and my friend enjoys finding bargains at Goodwill.
4	this is by far the best goodwill e.v.e.r.!   my first visit was last weekend on their 50% off day, and though I had to park down the street!, it was a great time (5 1/2 hours there!).  yes we had to wait at the checkouts in a line waiting for an available shopping cart, but well worth it.  I found a lovely kate spade purse, George foreman contact roaster, a rotisserie roaster, (both heat perfectly and were in near-new condition)  many excellent cook books, a lovely hand made crochet blanket, many many items in excellent condition.  so much there still had tags from the stores!.   very clean, plenty of staff keeping things orderly and restocking with new donations.  I went again today and found more goodies.  my fave new GW location!
1	Dresses for $15?  Are you kidding?  Most of my new summer dresses cost that or less from Ross and they're brand new.  These are absolutely NOT thrift store prices.
4	Convenient location to donate my stuff that I son't need anymore
