5	Whenever I make trips to New York, I look forward to the expanded variety of food choices. One my travel "musts" includes grabbing a gelato, a luxury I could only enjoy on a trip away ... until now. Today, I risked spoiling my appetite for lunch by stopping in for a look at Affogato on Queensferry Street. Already a sucker for frozen desserts, this place didn't make it easy to window shop. The counter rotates like a merry-go-round and showcases around 18 different flavours, including some rather unconventional ones like mojito, gingerbread and the one on which I finally settled, peanut-butter and jelly. The folks in the gelateria told me they make all of the stuff on the premises, and I asked if now, discovering that I lived near to the store, they planned on increasing production. I can see making myself a regular customer at this temptation-filled Wonder Palace. Nothing like the other ice cream offerings in the city (even at Italian restaurants) I've had, Affogato offers a boutique for the gelato lover.
5	In the busy Queensferry Street, you find a small door in to Affogato. This is a wonderful little place, where you can get GREAT icecream. Inside the door you are immediately met by a large, round box, crammed with gorgeous ice. Here you will find a good selection of both sorbet and gelato, fashionable word for ice cream in Italian. The sorbet was, according to the lady behind the counter, fresh from the kitchen in the basement.One of the best with ice cream bars that actually provide some service, is when you get a small taste of the flavors you are curious about. It is always difficult to decide when standing in front of an ocean of ice cream that looks fantastic and has fancy names. That's then the samples are genius!The area where you can sit down, was not as cozy as you get the impression of when you enter. Still this a place you drop by to buy an ice cream for take away.
5	I tried this fab wee ice-cream shop for the first time on Saturday. It was lovely. The flavours change fairly regularly (their facebook page keeps you updated). One of the specials the day I was there was ricotta and caramelised fig and it was delicious. The strawberry sorbet was particularly tasty too. The staff are very friendly and let you try different kinds before making your choices. It's nice to see an ice-cream place with some original flavours (my fiance went for peanut butter and jelly, both delicious and slightly strange).There is a small seating area if Edinburgh's summer is not being kind and you would prefer not to get rained on. Although the streets along the west end are pretty terrible with the tram works it is definitely worth navigating through the rubble to try this great gelateria.
5	I don't hand out fives easily but this little Gelato joint deserves a big fat five star.My friend read a write up of this new gelato parlour which serves ice cream and coffee - together! Well let me tell you if anything gets me to a place, it's the promise of a good espresso. I also heard that they're dog friendly and I make a point to give custom to dog friendly businesses.So I went with low expectations but let me tell you I left with the best ice cream I've had for as long as I can remember. I usually ask for a recommendation when trying out a new business, they should know what's the best, right? Well their signature is the affigato which is a scoop of gelato floating in a shot of illy espresso. Why have I never been told about this taste sensation? My oh my, what a sensation it is!There are so many flavours which you can read about from other fellow yelper's reviews but I always have vanilla or something close to vanilla.Traditionally the affigato should be served with vanilla I'm told, but I fancied something sweeter so went for the salted caramel. What an amazing flavour. Smooth and delicate and not sickly at all. I tried my friends one with plain vanilla and it's less sweet but still very very good.This is what makes a business special, good quality ingredients, locally sourced or produced and sold at a reasonable price.Go and grab yourself one of the best little treats money could buy. Life is beautiful when you've got one of these gelatos in your hand. Let me tell you. I'm a fan.
5	Today marked my second visit in 5 days...  both visits I was greeted by super friendly staff... generously given tasters of a couple of flavours (I'm not so bold as to ask for more than 2 or 3 tasters).. and walked out with a delicious gelato in hand and a huge smile on my face!With all this fabulous weather, this place is the perfect pit stop for an ice cold sweet treat!!
5	Om nom nom nom!!!So when my friend Lucie told me her friend owned a gelato place my eyes lit up and I demanded to be taken there as quickly as possible!!This was a good decision, as soon as we got near we realised there was an orderly queue outside all waiting to even get inside the shop. At this point I couldnt even see the goods, after 5 minutes in the queue we got to the window.There she was.....the weheel of gggeeeeelllaaaatoooooo - the option oh lordy lord the options!!!! Well to be fair...it was a Sunday....there was 15 minutes till they closed and it had been roasting all day...so erm yeah the options were limited.But to be honest that really relfects that this is a fresh artisan product being created onsite.I opted for a selection of three flavours including hazlenut and I was in heaven. Our conversation died to a simmer and we munched the tasty goodness!Highly JD Recommended!!!
5	I love gelato! So do the minions from despicable me 2! If only they could taste this gelato, they would move in.It's great that it is all made on the premises and even better that it is all vegetarian, hurrah! The staff are so delightfully helpful and attentive, it really is refreshing. There is a seating area at the back of the cafe which is comfortable and has free wifi. The pistachio gelato is amazing and do is the salted caramel. Worth a trip here and it has decent late opening hours.
4	The whiskey gelato was amazing! As was the salted carmel! My friend got the pear, which wasn't very good, but then also got the dark chocolate, which was also good. The staff was very nice and it is open later, which is great after a spicy dinner.
5	YUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUMMMMMMMMMM!!!!!!I've popped in here a few times now for some gelato - why the hell aren't there more gelato shops in Edinburgh?!? Harrumph! Anyway, this one is amazing. The wheel of fortune contains 30 odd different flavours of ice cream. My favourites are Amarena (black cherry), Prosecco & peach and salted caramel - and yes, I get them all put in the same pot :) Some people may say it's too bloody cold at the moment for ice cream however I have enough Italian blood in me (a smidgeon really) to say "Pah!" to that....gelato is an all year round treat. If it's good for the Italian's, it's good for me!YOU MUST TRY!! :)
5	The ice cream here is delicious!! The service is friendly , and the coffee is excellent... And it's open until 10pm, so that adults can eat ice cream and drink coffee at night ! whoooo!! love love love it.
5	Had the rose and cream gelato this time, wow it was yummy! Affogato must bust be doing something right as they were queued out the door in April!
4	After enjoying some sunshine at the Water of Leith we decided to stop by for an ice cream at Affogato last Saturday. I have been hearing good things about this place and, being the sweet tooth that I am,  was keen to check it out. When you arrive you are faced with the tough decision of which flavour to choose from their gelato wheel of fortune. They had an excellent choice of flavours with seasonal treats, such as, 'hot cross bun', 'rabbit food' and 'easter egg' on offer. In the end I opted for the apple and elderflower sorbet and a white chocolate and raspberry flavour. The sorbet was lovely, bursting with fresh appley flavour (a bit like a lovely cloudy apple juice.) The white choc was less good, and tasted a bit funny- we both thought this but perhaps it just wasn't for us. The ice cream came on tasty waffle cones and it was nice that you could pick and choose your flavours and mix them up. Overall I was glad to have stopped by, for me it's not quite Mary'sMilkBar-good but I would definitely like to try out some of their other flavours.
5	I have been waiting so long for real Gelato in Edinburgh, now thanks to Affogato I can cancel my holiday to Italy!!  To be true Gelato it must be natural (both flavour and colouring), made on site and have that soft melting texture. There are some places that claim to make gelato but if you've been to Italy then you'll know that the real McCoy only exists here at Affogato - anything else is just ice cream.The flavors are inventive and seasonal and often offer options that are gluten free and vegan (the fruit sorbets).  The fruit flavours always look so inviting and I love the thought that they are a bit healthier but I always go the full fat, full cream route, unless they have chocolate sorbet - that is phenomenal!!  The salted caramel is my all time favourite and the coffee has over 20 shots of espresso!!  The price is also amazing!  In fact - for the service, quality and quantity that Affogato delivers they really should charge more.  . Did I mention that they are super nice and dog friendly too! BONUS!!!
5	The flavours at Affogato are incredible. If you have e.g. coconut flavour it tastes not of "coconut flavouring" but of actual coconuts. The gelato is creamy, always has a wide but changing selection and reasonably priced. We've travelled around Italy eating gelato and this would be a good place even there; for Edinburgh it's incredible. Finally, the staff are always super-friendly and helpful. Go there now!
5	Affogato most definitely has the best gelato/ice cream in all of Edinburgh! It is run by Italians who take gelato extremely seriously (and even shut the shop for a few days each year to go to things like gelato conventions!) and they are also extremely innovative. I enjoy keeping up with them on social media to see the new flavours they develop, and they are always so friendly when I visit and let me sample a few new flavours before choosing my selection. Portions are generous, prices are really reasonable, and the gelato is absolutely amazing - I just wish Affogato weren't so far away from me!
