5	We received a free slice offer in the mail and decided to stop by for pizza and a salad. The space has a nice rustic feel with indoor and outdoor seating. There are plenty of menu options including salad, pizza and sandwiches and they also allow BYOB. The pizza and salad was great (under $3 for a slice with toppings) and this place is a great alternative to the other formal pizza parlors in the area.
3	This place is owned by a friend of a friend so I want to see them succeed and I hope this is taken as constructive criticism.  That said, I'm torn.  I's a great price for a giant pizza but it lacks flavor and they only deliver to the other side of a postage stamp.  The Good:  Huge pizza for a decent price... The Bad:  I want to love it but it lacks flavor.  I think the sauce could use more olive oil, garlic, basil and a pinch of salt to bring it out.  The crust is a wonderful texture but again, not much flavor.  The pie could benefit from a little pecorino or parmesan in the cheese mix too.  The Ugly:  if you want it delivered, you better live across the street because that's the boundary!  We live less than two miles and we're told we are outside of their delivery area... Hmmmmmm.  I hope they'll tweak a few things so I can love this place and give it five stars!
5	Great wings, artichoke dip, and pizza. Great addition to the neighborhood as our other pizza options aren't so good. My only criticism would be the cursive on their online menu. It's very difficult to read and makes me feel illiterate. Other than stirring feelings of inadequacy this will be our go to pizza spot!
5	Wow!  Delicious HUGE pizza, great salad, speedy delivery in the Biltmore-Arcadia area and decent prices.  I'm in heaven!
5	Fantastic pizza and you can't beat the lunch special (2 slices and a drink for $5). The slices are huge and FULL of flavor! I took home a menu so we can take advantage of the other specials and specialty pizza selections for a go-to dinner.
4	Kids loved the cheese pizza. We built our own with carmelized onions, green bell peppers, italian sausage, kalamata olives--it was solid. All fresh. The owners are the same group that founded NYPD until it was sold to owners who stopped going fresh. New York style stuff here at Giant Rustic. They go so far as to match their filtered water with what they had back in Yonkers. That's commitment. Great scene here off Camelback, too. They deliver. Solid place. I prefer it now over all the others that deliver to us.Again, kids like it. Thank the Lord.You can also get a slice inside which is key.
2	Cute new local spot, close to home, and we were excited to try it.  Greeted by a lovely, bubbly little Italian woman, we had high hopes.  While the pizza is in fact giant in size, it's unfortunately not so big on flavor.  We ate a few bites and left.  The owners seemed like really nice people.  But their focus on size (the little Italian lady kept telling us that its the biggest pizza in the city by two inches) is short cited from our perspective.  While families on a budge might appreciate the size, those looking for a great pizza will go elsewhere.  The local competitors (Bianco, Pomo, and even LGO) are simply too good for this place to make it.
5	The first time I stopped in was New Years Eve picked up a menu around 2:00 PM and was told that they would be open later i th evening. I called in around 5:15 PM and was told they were closed for New Years Eve. I was shocked, the person I talked to was very very sorry for the inconvenience this caused me and promised me a free pizza. I thought like this guy is not going to remember me. Well to my surprise Scott the owner did remember me and he pulled out the piece of paper that he wrote my name on New Years Eve about the Free Pizza. I was really impressed or should I say shocked that this man did this. So today I went in and ordered the Pesto Chicken pizza and OMG it was awesome. The crust is nice, not to thin not to thick and the chicken pieces were small chunks, not shredded or bland tasting. I will be back to try Queen Margherita Pizza.  I will support Rustic Pizza because the staff is awesome and the Scott the owner is priceless.  Happy New Year to all. - Jodi O
5	Update: Went back last night and tried the pizza (chicken pesto).  It was phenomenal.  Same incredibly friendly service.  I will be going back regularly (and looking forward to trying the rest of the menu).  I had the turkey slaw sandwich.  Giant portions, absolutely delicious.  Really cool decor inside.  Friendliest staff you could imagine.  Looking forward to trying the pizza.
4	For the price, it's great pizza! We just ate here for the first time tonight and had the wings and a pepperoni pizza. Both were very good. It's a small location with minimal seating so your better off getting the pizza to go. We'll definitely be back.
5	Excellent hand tossed stone hearth baked pizza.  Prices are excellent.  This could be the next big thing in pizza.  Highly recommended..
2	The sauce and cheese have less flavor than the box.  The crust was puffy and lacked a good chewy texture.  It was pillowy, which is bad crust in my book.  At least it's priced fairly, the staff is pleasant and it has a good location for the neighborhood.  They also sell pieces by the slice.  Nevertheless, I won't be going back.
3	We had delivery for the first time last night. We used their coupon for the giant pizza (great coupons guys- seriously!). 4.5 stars for their baked wings (YUM) crispy and falling off the bone and with out the guilt of being fried.3 stars for the pizza. We started with just a basic pepperoni  and were a little disappointed. The crust was the best part of the pizza. The sauce lacked flavor and frankly so did the cheese and pepperoni. I know this place is new and there are always kinks. I think because of how good the the wings were and how good the salads looked, we will try this place again in a few weeks/months to see if they can get everything to where it should be. I want to try their specialty pizza as well but in my mind if you can't get a pepperoni pizza correct, then you have a little work to do.
4	Wanted to give this place a try after seeing it served New York style pizza. Pizza by the slice option allowed us to t et you pizza and split a sandwich. This ended up to be a great way to try different items. We got a slice of pepperoni pizza which were pretty good size slices similar to the size of a costco size slice and then ordered the Italian Bird. The bread on the sandwich was exceptional with a good mixture of spices, meats and seasoning. The sandwich was definitely the high point of the meal. You have to fold the slice like a true new yorker when eating the slice of pizza.The place is located in the shopping plaza with the grind with a good portion of parking. The inside I dc the the restaurant is small bur nice and quaint. Liked the chalk board that listed the menu, was impressed by that. Will come back to try other items and also go to their North Scottsdale location which is closer to home.
5	Had the 14 in Big Berlescori. It was very good. I love it. It is pepperoni , sausage and Italian salami. Not sure why other reviews said their wasn't much flavor. It was seriously some of the best pizza I've had. Maybe they made changes to their pizza but right now it is spot on. I also really like the decor here. I'm from the country so the very rustic old barn wood they use to decorate looks really cool. Wish I could have a cabin or house like this. Very cool on the inside for being in a strip mall.
4	The great thing about the Phoenix pizza scene is that we are big enough to have pizza options for almost every occasion.  Where does Giant Rustic Pizza fit?  It is the ideal spot for some cheap NY style lunch slices or to take the kids for dinner on a weeknight.  It's not Pomo or even Spinatos but you will be hard pressed to find a better pizza lunch deal for under $6.
4	I'm pretty happy with Giant Rustic Pizza. There aren't too many NY style pizza joints in the Arcadia area, at least not too many good ones in my opinion. I usually will travel to N. Scottsdale to Ray's if I'm craving pizza like home. That being said I thought Giant Rustic Pizza was pretty good, not quite the same as NY but good enough for me to return. My husband and I wanted a cheat meal and both checked out the menu. I wanted to try the Red White & Green which is a white pizza and my husband really wanted a more traditional style with sauce. I asked if they could do half & half and they said "yes." We both got what we wanted, which is awesome. We also ordered the Italian salad which was somewhat like an antipasto with lettuce, the portion size was very generous. Both types of pizza were very flavorful, the white pizza had some nice ricotta on it and the red pizza had great sauce. I can't comment too much on the ambiance as we got our order to-go, but the staff was very nice and our order was fast. I will definitely return!
4	I've been three times now. Great pizza with great pricing. We had the Thursday night special. Any 14" specialty pizza and large rustic salad. The Malibu bbq pizza was fantastic. Not too sweet and just the right amount of toppings. The Italian Kitchen salad was full of meat and cheese, great olive tapenade with artichoke hearts and roasted peppers. All this food for $20. This will be our Thursday night standard!
5	Had the chicken caprese sandwich. Amazing! The bread, mozzarella, tomatoes, and chicken were very fresh.
5	The delivery guy was probably the nicest delivery guy I've ever met. The pizza was amazing!
4	Really good food. Wings, a sandwich, and a pizza were ordered for delivery,  it took over an hour, which is the reason the 5th star is missing. Had I been told, I would have picked it up.
5	Very good, thinner pizza but puffy crust, neat place to eat in at as well....every time I have gone it's tasted great!
5	I don't know why there are negative reviews. The crust is almost as good as Pino's, ingredients are fresh and the service is fine. And they make a 20" pie, forget about it.
3	We ordered from here again to give it another try. It was better, but still not great. There was more flavor in everything this time around but it still lacked. The next day, we heated it up and it was still only ok. If I could give half stars, they would get a half star upgrade.I have been to another location and the pizza is amazing so I know the potential this place has! Come on Arcadia location, make it happen!!!!
4	We decided to go for Giant Rustic Pizza shortly after it came to the Arcadia neighborhood on a night when cooking just wasn't going to happen. We found a deal for a three topping pizza and called our order in to pick up. The person who took our order was knowledgable and helpful. We also ordered the spinach artichoke dip on her suggestion. The spinach artichoke dip was nice, creamy and garlic-y and was served with thin slices of toasted French bread. Loved it.Pick up was a breeze and we enjoyed our still-hot pizza when we got home. I don't know if anyone else feels this way, but I feel like tarragon and oregano MAKE a pizza. Let me tell you, they were on point with their herbs, y'all. Good crust, just enough sauce. The toppings are pretty standard pepperoni and sausage (the sausage is sliced instead of crumbled) but still good. I'm not sure id put it above all others, but it's pretty good!
4	This is a solid choice for good pizza. It's not gourmet but is certainly leaps and bounds above a Domino's or Pizza Hut. They are consistent in both the quality of food and delivery time. We are now loyal customers to this little strip mall gem!Hint: We like to ask for a little extra cook time on the crust. It makes a big difference!
5	Great pizza place for lunch or dinner. We had a group of five (with three boys) and felt pretty satisfied with a giant pizza for $20. Next time we'll probably add wings though. We did half and half margarita and BBQ chicken. The margarita was good but the BBQ chicken was my favorite, it had great flavor with a hint of sweetness. The crust was tasty and one of the better ones that I have had. Service was great -- they were attentive and friendly. All in all a solid pizza place and one that we will probably frequent often for lunch!
5	The pizza is really good. The slices are huge. The house salad is super amazing. The creamy Italian dressing is yummy. The customer service is fabulous. They are so friendly and energetic! I will definitely be back for another salad and pizza. The interior is very woodsy and cool looking. I recommend this place if u live in the area and even if you don't since it is awesome!!!
1	We have eaten pizza from Giant Rustic on 6 occasions. We love the Red, White and Green sub Sun-Dried Tomatoes. That being said, tonight's experience warrants a 1 star rating. We were first turned-on to Giant Rustic by friends. We loved it enough to order it the next week at our own home. Everything was great. The next time we tried them, we waited forever for our pizza when we picked it up in the store. They gave us free dessert for our troubles. The owner (?) was very apologetic. Nice save. The next time we ordered was for delivery. They went to the wrong house. We had ordered for friends who were  in from out of town and had rented a vacation home. Though we specified the different address, they went to our home (we suspect) and not to the rental where our friends were staying. The food was delayed. You can see by the above experiences, though the product is good, the service at Giant Rustic has not been consistent. Then we discuss tonight's debacle. We called to order for delivery. We specified delivery and we specified the address. The person at the other end of the phone told us our pizza would be 45 minutes. At an hour and six minutes after we placed our order, we called Giant Rustic. We spoke to the person who had TAKEN OUR ORDER and she told us that our food had been marked for pick-up and had been waiting for us. We asked them to re-make the food so that it would be fresh and told them that we would come up to get the order. We asked how much time would be needed for the new pizza to be ready. The woman who took our order, Suzanne, clarified our order (again) and said it would be 15 minutes. The location of the store is 40th and Camelback. We live at 36th st, just south of Thomas. I left three minutes after my phone call and drove to Giant Rustic. Oddly enough, our pizza was ready. There is no way it took me 12 minutes to get there. Yet, here they were presenting boxes of pizza to me. There were also no pizzas in the oven baking. Hmm...I asked if these pizzas were the re-makes and I was assured that yes, they were. Upon inspection of "our" order, I pointed out that the Red, White and Green was supposed to have sun-dried Tomatoes. At this point, the customer service lady looked at the ticket and said, "Well, they didn't even take the order right. Oh wait, this isn't even your order."So, two boxes get whisked away and another two are placed in front of me. Again, NOTHING came from the oven. The two pizzas that were presented were indeed correct. I asked the second customer service person, "Are these the re-makes?" He assures me that, yes. They are. The bottom of the pizza boxes were warm, not hot. But what can I do? Two people have told me these are my pizzas, re-made. I am charged full price for my pizzas, not offered an apology (I did get one on the phone prior to the other shake-up), and sent on my way. Once I got home, I bit into luke-warm pizza with a chewy crust. This pizza was purchased so that my in-laws, who are recent Arizona transplants, could try the deliciousness that is Giant Rustic Pizza. EPIC, EPIC fail. I am so disappointed. Bad listening, incompetence and lies. All in one encounter tonight at Giant Rustic Pizza. I think we are on a break with this establishment for awhile.  I hope this place figures out where the break in the chain is. The food is great. Service, not so much.
5	Thank you Lindsay for suggesting this hidden gem!  I never looked to my left when entering Fresh & Easy!  and there it was!Super nice staff - excellent food!RMacy
5	I love, love, love East Coast style pizza!!!  HUGE slices and awesome sauce.The location in the Safeway center has seen many Pizza places come and go quick.I really hope they have the staying power so get the word out and go give it a try.FYI I went to the Scottsdale location in the Safeway shopping center on FLR Blvd
5	Locally owned & operated here in the valley. Both Scottsdale & Phoenix location are awesome. Lunch deal is the best in town and pizza is wonderful. They can do pretty much whatever you want and everything on the menu is good! This location rocks because you can dine in or take out
5	Tried this place for the first time Saturday, and I must say they live up to their name! For $22 you can get a giant pie with up to 5 toppings and the best part is the toppings are fresh and the wait was only 20 minutes. I am defiantly coming back here regularly.
4	I give the pizza four stars and the customer service five stars.  My husband and I dined in and ordered a large pizza with mushrooms and basil.  The flavor is great, but the crust is a little thicker and the ratio between toppings and crust is not quite balanced.  I will say, the place is popular though.  During dinner there was a steady stream of people picking up pizzas.  The employees are so nice and accommodating.  Our waitress always made sure we had full cups of water.  Also, I like the "rustic" walls and attention to detail in the decor.
3	Gave this place 2 try's. Very average, too thick of pizza for me... I prefer thinner such as NYPD, Bianco, not sure the hype on here. Also had the wings which I actually preferred over the pizza. Quick service if you call it in, therefore 1 star for service.
5	Accidentally stumbled upon this place while stopping at Fresh & Easy next door.Best pizza in Arizona, easily.  I have lots of family on the east coast and I always complain about how you can't get pizza that tasty here in AZ -- but Giant Rustic Pizza is as close as you can get.  It's delicious, I won't order pizza from anywhere else now.  Pricing is also great for how much pizza you get.  Atmosphere is good, and the employees are all great as well.
5	Great pizza and amazing salads. Such friendly service too. Will stop here often especially for the salads
1	Where to start? How about the order my company put in was over a $600 in business for this company. When they brought half the order and arrived over an hour late it was a good sign to show they do not care about their customers!! On top of that the "owner" who refused to get a manager or let us speak to a different owner was rude and actually yelling at out representative who was almost in tears and  threatening to not bring the remainder of our order. I cannot believe that the customer service was so terrible and that this mediocre pizza place is still in business.. i am sure if you are just going in for a slice its no big deal to have poor treatment but a business stand point these kinds of situations are completely unacceptable. STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE! WORST EVER!
1	Worst service ever! My company made a huge order last week, the order came more than an hour late and delivered half the order. When we called to find out where the rest of the order was the lady on the line said she was quote"doing us a favor" .... Really I didn't know having us pay you fro product and service was doing a us a favor last time I checked you need customers to stay in business????? I would never go here again and the over 200 employees we have who are in close proximity to this place will also not be giving them any of our business again! WORST EVER!!
1	#horribleserviceequalsnobueno#youcatchmoreflieswithsugarnovinegerRude, Slow and foul attitudes.
4	Great NY-style pizza...
5	Place is great, nice hole in the wall feel with good pizza and friendly staff. Good lunch specials with pizza by the slice as well. Slices are huge!
5	This review is specifically about the take-out service. I can't speak to delivery or dining in, but as far as calling in an order and picking it up - this place was AMAZING! The staff was incredibly friendly and after they estimated a 20 minute wait time, my pizza was ready in 20 minutes ON THE DOT. I arrived to two hot pizzas with amazing flavor - a basic pepperoni and the Queen Margherita specialty pizza, which was packed with sliced Roma tomatoes, fresh basil, and fresh garlic. SO DELICIOUS! Now, the crust is super bready, so if you're not a fan of thick, chewy crusts, this is not the place for you. I, however, LOVE thick, chewy crusts with big crispy brick oven bubbles throughout, so I was in pizza heaven. The 20" pizza was humongous and two of them fed three starving adults and three famished kids pretty easily - we even had half a pie left over. This place is a great new addition to the Arcadia neighborhood and I can't wait to go back!
4	If you love good pizza and face it who doesn't...then Giant Rustic Pizza is probably for you. I have eaten in here and today I got my order to go. They are fast, it never takes long, my take out today was ready in less then 15 minutes for pick up. The ingredients always taste like they are fresh you can tell allot of this stuff isn't coming out of a pre-frozen bag like the commercial places and if it is they are taking good care of it with proper storage techniques.  Today I got the Sunday/Monday Special a large 3 topping pie and a dozen wings for just over $20. I think out the door with taxes it was like $24. As my gf put it...we smashed it!!! LOL!  The pizza was good, we ordered a pepperoni sausage and extra cheese pie.  It didn't seem like they went very hefty on the extra cheese I ordered but regardless the pizza was still pretty good. The wings were really good, not sure why they put the sauce on the side, I would of preferred the wings were tossed with the sauce...and they could of been cooked maybe another 1 or 2 minutes in my opinion. They were done...but think they could maybe used another minute to get a little more done.  But we still smashed them so no complaints. LOL.We have been there before thou...when you go inside to eat you can get pizza by the slice if you choose, and its not like Little Caesars were its been sitting under a heat lamp, it's fresh and you can put your choice of toppings on it. I will say this about that though...if you go nuts on toppings you might as well get a pie. Toppings can be kind of pricey, but typically you can 2 pepperoni slices for around $5. As far as the ambiance goes..its cool...seems like it could use a bit brightening up... the place is a little small, I definitely wouldn't go there for a large birthday party, but considering there is a Baskin Robbins next door...it could be a fun little date.  Would of given this place 5 stars if they had a tiny bar and were open a little later. I have never done delivery from this place so I can not speak to that, but I would like it more if this place were open later...a good late night pizza joint is hard to come by...especially one that delivers. I think they should stay open till at least midnight on Friday and Saturday instead of 10pm. In general I think they should be open later...but that's me.
3	The husband and I stopped by here for a slice in mid December and I must say, it was alright. The slices are large and inexpensive. The crust was flavorful, but the slice was on the greasy side (and it was just cheese, so I can't imagine the grease factor if it had any kind of meat on it) and not very flavorful. Maybe their whole pies are better or maybe this was an off day, but I thought this was just a standard slice of pizza.... sort of like you might get in the mall food court. I would want to come back to try one of their specialty pizzas, which did look very good or possibly to order a whole pie.
