2	I used to like this doctor, but now I don't.  The PA who used to examine my moles on an annual basis left, and the new one seems overwhelmed.  After waiting for months for an appointment, I waited 55 minutes in the outer office to have a 5 minute examination. Wonder how much they charged my insurance for that?
5	Thank you to the amazing staff at Phoenix Skin for taking such amazing care of my Dad. My Dad had questionable moles and was referred to Phoenix Skin by his Primary Physician. Dr. Laris and his staff were professional yet comforting. Dr. Laris took his time with the examination. He explained what he was doing every step of the way and then walked us through what the next steps would be. My father, who generally dislikes doctors was extremely impressed with Dr. Laris and all his staff. Cannot thank you enough!
5	If you want kind and caring staff, as well as an artistic and cutting edge approach to keeping your skin young and beautiful, this is the place!!
5	I have held out for awhile going to the dermatologist because of some bad experience's in the past. I found this place online and decided to take the risk. I ended up with Dr. Fermento and I couldn't have had a better experience. She listened to all of my questions/concerns and I felt very comfortable. The staff was very polite, and the waiting room is pretty comfy. I would definitely recommend this place!
4	I'm a new patient at Phoenix Skin and I was impressed with the staff, appointment process and follow-up. Dr. Tania was awesome and she knew almost immediately during my check up what the cause and best treatment to resolve my problem would be. Although those six shots to the head hurt like a Mo Fo, the team made me feel comfortable and served up my healing with a smile, gentle touch and genuine concern. I was happy to find a solution and I started feeling better and noticing improvements within a few hours. Two days later, issue resolved. Thanks Phoenix Skin!
5	Thank you for your help, I recently lost my job and Dr lee did everything she could and helped me accomplish my goals without having to hound in the insurance company! It has been a week since my procedure and you would never known the improfections were there! Thank you soo much! THE results are SO greatt and truly appreciate your help!
5	Phoenix Skin is amazing!!! I came here for my acne problems (no I don't have extreme acne, but would like to get rid of some scarring and big pores). Since I'm not getting any cosmetic services like botox or restylane I only see a PA. My PA is Katherine Haworthe and she is amazing. She worked with me to find the right regimen for my sensitive face. I also religiously come every 5 weeks to get a chemical face peel to help minimize my acne scarring and huge pores. Haworthe takes the time to answer questions I have and is always on time when I come in. I recently got my moles checked and she did a great job recording and taking pictures of every mole I have to monitor it. The office staff is great and it is really easy to make an appointment in person or over the phone. Will be a customer here for years to come :)
1	I was referred to this office by my general doctor to have a cyst removed on my arm. After THREE visits, and an emergency visit to my regular doctor to fix the packing,  I was left with a huge scar. I wish I had never gone.
5	I can't say enough good things about Dr. Laris and his staff.   I use Dr. Laris mainly for cosmetic work .  He is so kind, thorough, knowledgeable and very cutting edge with all his techniques.  I have had CO2 laser, Ultherapy (amazing results) and recently filler.  I was very reluctant and nervous to have filler but he was conservative and skillful.  I am thrilled with the results.  Between the Ultherapy and filler I feel like 7 years have come off.  I highly, highly recommend Phoenix Skin.
2	It's a pain to have their prescription refilled. One out of 10 calls to Elisa (Tana Frumento's refiller), goes to voicemail and she never gets back to you!
1	I went to phoenix skin in August 2013 to discuss about laser resurfacing. The doctor who I had met on that day had no idea about laser skin resurfacing and she gave me details about Blanca Fergoso, surgical coordinator  in phoenix skin care. I tried to schedule an appointment with her but when ever I tried to call her all the time it went to voicemail and even called the help desk to schedule an appointment with her but of no help.  I went to phoenix skin after lot of research and good reviews but of no use. If they won't care about their patients why would I recommend phoenix skin care please avoid Phoenix skin care.
5	I have been to almost every dermatologist in the Phoenix metro area... I have had  great skin my whole life, and randomly at 25 I got a pretty moderate case of acne.  I had no idea what to do so I went to see dermatologist after dermatologist who all prescribed a  cocktail of Rx's antibiotics and creams... Dr. Laris did the same thing but not until after he listen to my issues, explained to me the face wash and moisturizers that I should be using... And I can not believe the difference.  I was over washing my face and using too many products drying out my skin causing more breakouts.  The extra 5 minutes he spent with me going over the basics made a world of difference in my skin.... The staff here is always great as well!!  I only get one face, so Thank You Dr. Laris for taking the time to listen!!
2	This is one of the few locations with the brand new Pico Sure laser.Had my first treatment in Sacramento and was driving through Phoenix and for my second treatment here.It was very very low cost since they introduced a new pricing based on size. Mine was slightly bigger than the smallest but I paid under $50 anyways. Which is why I gave it an extra star. But you get what you pay for =[After the blistering went away I saw 2 quarter inch long DEEP maybe 1/8 deep holes on two spots on the tattoo. On the black shading. It freaked me out but I forgot about since I thought it healed fine , (and it's on my back so I can't see it too well) - but now 6 weeks later I went to someone very experienced and he refused to treat me for another 4 weeks at least - apparently the technician wasn't experienced, or went too hard at the treatment, and those two spots are scarred. So once I remove the tattoo there will be a scar - not to mention I'm terrified to keep going with treatment on an existing scar. It's still rough 6 weeks later and not healed. don't go here for tattoo removal because their technician knows not what she does. :( :(
5	I've been going here for vitiligo treatments for the past couple of years. Everyone is great! Appointments are always on time. Top notch.
3	I received thorough a consultation on the available options for my melasma.  I am so happy to have found a decent dermatologist office after a horrendous experience elsewhere .  I went from a wicked witch and her ugly henchman to a bit more pleasant office setting. Yay!  One thing that I was turned off by is when they do the chemical peel, they don't bother putting on sunscreen.  They just send you on your way?!!  The last visit the tech asked if I brought sunscreen and of course I did since they cant seem to do so.  I haven't experienced that anywhere else.  And find it unprofessional to peel of your skin and then send you on your way into the hot burning sun.
5	I found this place via a review from a fellow yelper. Lucky me they were running a groupon at the time for microdermabrasion so I quickly purchased it. I called to schedule in the afternoon and they must have just finished their confirmation calls because someone had just canceled and I got in the next day. The office was much busier than I had expected. However, my appointment still proceeded as scheduled. I had a wonderful esthetician that recommended some great products and even gave me samples of some of the products she recommended. Great experience! Especially using a groupon!
3	First time going here. The ladies in the front office were very nice! Nicer than most places. The reason I give it a three out of five is because one, my dr. was 20 minutes late to see me. I understand that sometimes they can get caught up with another patient, which is ok, but when the dr. came to see me and I told the dr. about my problem, the dr. didn't really get into detail of why it's happening and possible treatments (I have melasma on my face). The dr. just sort of prescribed me the medication and sent me on my way, and did't even mention to tell me the brand name of the medication and the possible side effects and dosages. I felt sort of rushed, and that the dr. didn't really put in enough care, and wanted to get onto the next patient.
5	I came in for a microdermabrasion session with McKenzie and had the best experience.  She was really sweet and friendly and she took the time to explain the process and to closely examine my skin.  She complimented me on my skin and told me that for someone of my age my skin was in awesome shape and that I merely needed to add more moisturizer to my daily regimen.  That was nice to hear since I always thought my skin was just average, but she assured me that my skin was in excellent shape.  (It's funny how the small things like that can make your whole day better.)When the session was over my skin felt amazing and softer and it looked brighter and clearer.  When we were done she recommended a product to help me with a pigmentation issue and explained how to use it and how to care for my skin afterwards.  I'll definitely be back for more microdermabrasion sessions with McKenzie.
