1	I wish I could give this company 0 stars. The salesman originally measured the room wrong and was off by 200 sq. feet. He also failed to mention the baseboard needed to be removed. When day of install came, I found out there was not enough product, so the installer measured the room and I rescheduled. The next weekend, another installer came out and measured the room before he began, and it was still not enough. There was more in the warehouse, but by the time he could get it and return to start work it would have been later in the day and I had an appointment. He was very helpful and we rescheduled for the next day. When a third different installer came, he wanted me to pay. I told him of the problems I had and asked him to measure the room before we did anything. He began arguing with me that he knew there was enough and he didn't need to measure and he'd pay for it if it wasn't enough. I kept asking him to remeasure. Finally he said he would and went outside and was on his phone. He came in and showed me a number that was on his phone and said, see we have enough.  I asked how he knew and he said he took a picture so it's enough. I asked how he could measure a room from a picture and he continued to argue. I finally told him I wasn't stupid, you can't measure a room from a picture  (which he didn't take anyway) and told him to leave. I cancelled the order. DO NOT USE EMPIRE TODAY! I wasted a lot of time with this company and received nothing but frustration.
5	We had the best experience with Empire. We replaced a hard wood ktichen floor. Susan (the sales person) arrived at our house, Knowing her product and very helpful in helping us select our flooring and the best way to install it.  We were a day off of the installation, but that was ok, I really needed more time to prepare. Of course the installers did all the work. They were professional  and neat, They moved everything for us and we just stood by and watched. They were great. Never had we had such superb customer service. I'm sorry the previous person had a problem. Ask for Susan. She knows her flooring and as I said was extremely helpful.
1	We picked Empire to carpet our new home (installed about a year ago) because we were new to Las Vegas but were familiar with the Empire name being it is a national company.  From the beginning I was concerned about the seams and stair installation but was told the seams would loosen up and be less noticeable in time.  Well I am not a carpet expert so I took their word.  We moved to Hawaii for a few months (house sat empty) but when we came back and lived in the house, the seams got worse and spread.  Also, the installer stapled the carpet to the stairs so it was not uncommon to step on a staple and cut your foot.  I called Empire and they sent a supervisor out to check on the job.  He agreed there were repairs needed and sent out an installer.  The installer tried to fix the seams but they really got worse.  He also removed staples from the stairs.  A couple weeks later, we were still stepping on staples so the same installer came back out.  He also tried once again to fix the seams with no success.  He even admitted the carpet was installed improperly and the installer who did the job originally was let go.  This was the first house my wife and I bought together and where we plan on being for many years so we purchased the best padding and carpet and spent quite a bit of money.  What we got was a half-assed job.  The entire upstairs is pieced together and as the new installer admitted, has seams where there should be none and the stairs were done improperly.  Great!  Total waste of money.   On the bright side, all the people I have dealt with have been very nice.  Unfortunately, the installer was horrible and now we are stuck with crappy looking carpet.  I would never use Empire again.  I hate giving any one a bad review but I just stepped on another staple and have had enough!!
5	I purchased the carpet last night and will have it installed next Tuesday.  I am confident that the installation  will go as smooth and easy as the sale.  I made an online appt that was easy to navigate and was able to schedule for the next evening at a time that was convenient for me.The time frame I was given was 7-9 pm.  Curtis Everett arrived at 7 and was a pleasure to work with.  By the time he left, I felt like I just purchased carpet from a friend.
2	This company talks the talk but they don't walk the walk. My original bid for laminate flooring and what is called lvt (luxury vinyl tile) started at $9,000 dollars. (Way higher than costcos bid over the phone of about $3,800.) After 4 HOURS of negotiating (because they won't leave your house until they have a sale) guess what?  The price came down to $3,800 for the same materials and installation. I know that some people have probably unknowingly paid WAY to much for their flooring and I feel for them. The first day of laminate install everything went pretty smooth. The installer told me that he would arrive the following day to install the lvt. That next day was a nightmare. They didn't even show up until after 3pm. In the meantime there were a lot of phone calls back and forth and I was promised at least 4 different things from them regarding when the installers would show up, if at all. Not one of those promises ever happened. They finally showed up at 3:00pm when they should have been done and gone by 2:00pm. They wasted my entire day and ruined my evening. I was finally called by  one of the managers and got some monetary compensation but I would have been more than happy just to have had things go down as I was promised. When I called the so called csr with my complaints he got upset and rude over the phone with me. There are a lot of places to get flooring. Don't use empire today
1	After a really good recommendation from a friend out of state, we called Empire to get an estimate on carpets for our entryway and formal dinning room. The salesman was really nice but just not put together like a salesman should be. He asked what type of carpet I wanted so that he could get samples from his car and when I told him we were looking for single color textured carpet he brought me samples of plush carpet, not textured. I went with him to his car to show him what i wanted and he had a great sample in the color I had in my head! My husband talked him down in price if we offered to pay in cash and we had an install date 3 days later... thats where it all went down hill! 3 guys showed up, 1 supervisor who looked like I was interrupting his schedule and 2 day laborers.  The supervisor didnt even talk to me while the install guys were moving my furniture and left without me even noticing. The install guys did there thing and I had to leave to pick up my kids so my husband came home to let the guys finish. When i came back my house was half heartedly put back together and the carpet looks like crap! its coming up along the walls and stairs. the padding underneath is uneven and unsafe! at the end of the install my husband tried to do a walk through and the install guys acted like they didn't speak english and just shoved a paper in front of my husband to sign that had all 10's for service and quality and told him to just sign so they could leave, my husband told them that we are not happy with the service and that he wouldn't sign until we talked to someone to have them fix it, the guys told him to sign and the supervisor would call for a follow up. we have called SEVERAL times but no one will return our call. extremely disappointed with this service!
1	At this moment I am sitting in my spare room with the door closed so I don't tell this sales rep  that is in my house what I really think of him. I made an appt online where I read I could get a FREE estimate and right now empire is having a sale for 50% off  flooring, padding/materials and install. Free estimate? Awesome. We've been thinking about getting new flooring since our carpet is getting a bit worn and possibly upgrading to some laminate. Our sales rep asks what we have in mind to do, we tell him we'd like an estimate on laminate. He got such a crusty look on his face and he informed us that he was a sales rep, an independent sales rep mind you and that this was a sales call. I told him I made the appt for an estimate and then we would think it over and go from there. Well he said if he didn't make a sale he wouldn't make money. This is in the first five minutes and my fuse is so short its practically nonexistent. I can already feel my blood pressure rising but I'm staying cool. And then I think he was trying to talk us out of laminate because he was telling us how hard his own personal flooring is to take care of. He then asked our budget, and personally I really can't stand telling someone my budget because I feel like then they try up the price or get sneaky with costs. There should just be a set price and give it to me if I can do it great if not then try to work with me. We asked about the 50% sale we saw online and he said no, there's no sale and if so then it ends today so we have to do it now. At this point I just had to leave the room. I'm done. I even called customer service to voice my concerns as he was measuring. I got nothing resolved there. He finally left after giving my husband some ridiculous estimates that he had to call his manager for to get a fake discount. Look this is not the first time I've dealt with sales reps and their silly games. Oh and on the way out he complained about having to drive 30mins to get to our house to which my husband told him that he drives 40mins each way to work every day. It's your jobOn to the next flooring company.....
1	I recently purchased hard wood flooring. The product is great but the installation was terrible. They left gaps I could run a credit card through. I one room the left a repeating H pattern. In the 2nd room they used small boards mainly, as if left overs from another installation. They put 3 12 inch boards smack dab in the center of the living room with seems so close together. There are places glue sticks up and the molding was not straight. The customer service was even worse. First they came back to my home and insulted me by saying it's supposed to be like that. I showed them the crooked lifted molding and the sprayed black caulking in the gap. They did the same in the gaps. If you knock on the floor it sounds hollow in large areas as if not adhered to the concrete. Next they sent out a quality control person that told me it needed to be replaced or compensated for, he said he would speak to his manager to take care of it. The manager called and said his guy told him yes there were gaps but he believed we were both ignorant to the product and that the seems were because it is beveled. I told him the gaps were lengthwise, so 12" and some 4ft along the edges. I sent him 50 photos of all the problems I even took a 5 ft long vertical blind slat and ran it through the gap and it stood up on its own. Finally he said since he did not agree he was hiring a professional to do a private inspection. Funny she came but left me no card or credentials so for all I know she probably worked for Empire. I tried calling my salesman and all he said is that's not how Empire does business. Well obviously it is so save yourself the time and headache and money and go someplace else. I canceled my 5000.00 carpet order that was back ordered thank God or I imagine I would be still trying to get someone to address the problem. I asked for a refund or replacement and I am still waiting months later. Very unprofessional and shady conduct. The man who came out and agreed with me was supposed to be on a conference call to discuss his findings but funny he was never available, I just got the info second hand, and nothing in writing. What a joke. The installers and the so called manager should be fired! Worst contractor I have ever worked with, wish I would have stayed with LV Flooring to finish my insurance claim but I tried to save a dime to get something nicer and turns out my kids could have glued down these boards better and straighter!
4	Empire Today was easy to work with.  The sales person, Richard M. was very professional and took his time explaining everything.  I originally had two jobs scheduled with them but end up with only one.  Eclipse Flooring was the subcontractor who ended up putting in some vinyl tiles in the laundry room and two bathrooms.  They showed up on time and verified the material was right.  The job was fairly small but entailed a lot of work.  They had to remove the washer and dryer from the small laundry area which was a bit of a challenge.  They also had to remove both toilets.The craftsmanship they displayed was top-notch.  The supervisor stopped by for a few minutes to ensure everything was on track.  The crew was very professional and knows what they are doing.  It is backbreaking work and I appreciated them taking time to ensure all of the old material was removed before putting down the new tiles.Empire Today did everything they promised and a price I found reasonable.  There customer service department was very responsive when I had questions.  They were also very polite when I canceled one of the orders within the three-day cancellation period.  I would consider using them again in the future.
5	Empire was great!!!  Ask for Susan she really knows her stuff. When she left it was like having a friend over. The carpet is amazing. The mid grade padding makes all the difference. The installers took a lot of pride in their work and it shows. Had laminate, hardwood and carpet installed. Can't tell you how happy I am!!!  They were quick, easy to work with, map out what will be done each day so you know what will be done and can be prepared. Susan knew everything about the history of the company and is awesome!  Can't go wrong with her
