5	Discount is always great, but usually there is a 2 hour wait but not this location.  I only had to wait and hour, but it gets better...now that I have joined Mountain Side Fitness I just get a workout in while they replace my tires.  Talk about killing 2 birds with one stone, got to love it.  I usually shop online first to check the tire ratings and mileage warranty before I buy so that I am not suckered into buying tires that I dont need or that dont last long.  This place has friendly service and it is nice, new, and clean for a tire shop.  All their places aren't bad but there is usually a long wait anytime you go to one of these.
5	Great staff, great prices!
5	Excellent service, had a low tire and had all tires checked and properly inflated.  Wait time was less than 30 minutes.
3	Discount tire tries go out of there way to help you. Don't forget it is a tire company so this is quite nice. Nobody likes to buy new tires these days with the prices through the roof but atleast they're trying to make it pleasant.
1	I brought my Navagator back 3 times to get the tires balance because they didn't do it right it wore out one of the tires that had a life time Warranty I purchased not more than 3 months ago they made me pay for mounting bal and some other charge it was over $70 not a life time   Then I told them to put the new tires back on the front they refused and argued with me for 25 min over it I will not be back again !!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	I've been to this location a few times for routine services and for new tires twice.  The service is friendly and efficient like it is at most Discount Tire locations.  Their time estimates for getting work done have always been accurate, which is important to me so I can work it in between other appointments with my customers.  Every time I compare the price, nobody else sells them for less, even online.
5	I must say these guys at 67th Ave/ Peoria are a blessing. I went to get my big Michelin's balanced on my RV. They noticed a tread separation on one of the duel tires in back.I always get my tires at this location and these are fairly new. Then Henry checked a Michelin recall on a certain batch number. Turned out mine were among that batch and so they threw on five brand new ones for no charge.I tell you, that alone got my New Year off to a good start.I wish for them and Michelin a wonderful New Year. By the way, I've always been treated very fairly here and these guys are priceless. A true model for anyone with a business on how to run it. Real ethical pros  and can't say enough about them and Discount Tire in general. Thanks a million!
5	Needed to go in and get new tires for our vehicle. These folks were courteous and helpful. They were very good at getting the tires we wanted and working with us to schedule a good time.The price was as quoted with no hidden fees. Installation was prompt and professional. You can actually watch the service from their waiting area - big bonus! By the way, our vehicle is a built-to-order 4x4 motor home. Not your every day car or truck.Extra recognition to Gilbert Ponce!
3	We love discount tire but I might find a different lication.  I have an appointment but that doesn't matter her.  Looks get much better service.
5	This location is by far the best in customer service, management, and speed/quality of work.  I've been to several other locations and this one is the example for others to follow.
5	I just wanted to share my positive feedback on the excellent service I received from Joseph Faulkner at the Discount Tire on Happy Valley Road in Peoria, AZ.  I was under a tight time crunch to leave for a long road trip that morning when I discovered my tire treading was completely worn (and unsafe to drive for that distance).  Joseph made me a priority and got me in and out with new tires in about 20 minutes just in time for my road trip (despite an already busy shop!).  He was a real life saver that day and exhibited great customer service!
