5	The Strawberry, AZ waffles are a favorite, and can be protein-enhanced by making it a "combo" with an egg and bacon, ham, or sausage.  Bright colors and free wifi make this a cheery place to visit.  Takeout, or counter service delivered to your table.
4	I just happen to drive by, I would have never know about it otherwise.It's kind of in a funny spot (business/commercial area)I had planned on getting a sandwich until I walked in and saw the special "Green Chile and Corn Quiche with zucchini and tomato" YUM!!!I had to get it! To my surprise it was a crustless quiche so I no longer felt guilty for eating it and let me tell you it was Absolutely Delicious!! (see pics)Even though it was technically a breakfast item The girl told me the quiche could be served all day unlike the rest of the breakfast menu which ends at 11am, and Lunch begins at 10:30.I would definitely vote for that to go on the permanent menu.I also ended up getting a Tuna to Go. Simple Tuna here, just mayo salt and pepper, then add toppings you like. Comes with a side, I chose the pasta salad (see pics) It was a tad fishy but was still really good flavor wise and the soft Challah roll was a great compliment. I also like the pasta salad.A great menu of breakfast and lunch items, seemed more freshly made than most counter establishments.I will definitely be back to this privately owned single location in the valley!Check it out you wont be disappointed!! Oh Ya~ They have Free Wi-Fi!!
5	AZ Bread Company is one of my favorite lunch spots, and not just because it is a mile away from my office.They have amazing, fresh bread, delicious sides and high quality food.I normally always get the egg salad on Challah roll, but I have also had the egg salad stuffed tomato in the past. PS, they have amazing egg salad!!One of my favorite things about this place is the patio seating, especially since it is now fall (I can say that since we have two days in a row at 75 degrees for the high). Also, the interior is fun and brightly colored with a ton of windows making it full of natural light.The staff is always really friendly and you can often see the owner popping around making sure everyone is happy. I always feel... happy.. when I am here  :)
5	I wish this place wasn't out of my way for breakfast or lunch, or I would be there more often.I went in there today for a last minute lunch idea...I just love how friendly the staff is.  The owner seemed to know everybody there, or just was really good at acting like it.  She even made me feel all warm and fuzzy inside.I usually go with my staple, the grilled chicken sandwich.  I usually get this when i am in the mood for heartburn, since it comes with cheese, tomato, lettuce, and my heartburn favorite, Green Chiles....yummy!  I love it that they serve it on a Challah role...I always polish off my meal with their chocolate chip cookies, that are out of this world.Will update when I go there for breakfast.  I just wish that they were open later than 2pm...my only negative thought about the whole experience.
5	This place is fantastic. Though we've only been there for B'fast, we've had no complaints. Carol the owner, when she's there, which is often, takes the time to check in with everyone to make sure their experience and food is perfect. When we first discovered this place we used to go every weekend. As our schedules changed we don't do that anymore.. ;-(. The food is unique and flavorful. The coffee is great. Baked goods are fresh. When she first opened, Carol was open to suggestions and feedback regarding the drink station area. This is the type of place where you place your order, gather your cup from the order-taker and get your own flatware and take a seat. At first that "station" was a bit unorganized but with customer feedback became very efficient. Carol would even Thank whomever provided a specific idea if she used it.They have free wi-fi which is great if you want to have a leisurely b'fast or lunch and enjoy yourself for a while.We even made a menu suggestion she added!Thumbs up all around!
5	Love, love, love this place!!! Food is fantastic. I usually get the "Pick Two" and get a turkey sandwich with all the veggies (cucumbers, sprouts, onions, tomatoes, lettuce) on the 9-grain bread and a garden salad. The salad is fantastic! Spring mix lettuce, carrots, peppers, mushrooms. Not your ordinary side salad! And the honey mustard dressing is fantastic. I have also eaten The East Coast Panini (pastrami, sauerkraut on rye), The Scottsdale (roast beef, red peppers on sourdough) and several other sandwiches. All top notch. Their red potato salad is also fantastic. The service is stellar as well. The counter people are always really friendly and quick. Your food comes fast and I've never had a mistake in my order. One of my favorite AZ places!!
2	Ok, this is my first yelp review, so I hope I do this right. I am new to Phoenix (4 months) and have had some of the most wonderful dining experiences. As an east coast city girl I know great food and the valley of sun has great options. I have visited AZ bread company for lunch more than 5 times, it's right near my office and the salads are really great. I've thought it was a bit overpriced, but not grossly so. This morning I stopped by for my first breakfast experience. I asked for a bagel with egg and cheese and brown mustard (sold other places for $3-3.50. What I was told is that I would be charged for a breakfast sandwich with no meat. I assumed this was some kind of deduction from the price of the full sandwich. With a coffee my bill was $7.11 after tax. When I asked why it was so expensive I was pretty much given a "sorry." On their menu a bagel is $.99, an egg is $.95 and I can't imagine cheese can be more than $1. I should have been charged $3 not $5. I mentioned this to the cashier with no luck. What I was handed was a bagel with American cheese (YUCK) and an egg and honey mustard (the wrong mustard). I should have been asked what kind of cheese I wanted. In this economy gouging a new customer and then handing them the wrong food just doesn't fly. Sorry AZ, I won't be back. Kind of a shame...loved those salads.
5	Good food and free wi-fi.  This place is rapidly becoming THE neighborhood meeting spot for breakfast.  Love it.
4	I work fairly close to this location, and I'm happy I took a chance and drove past Subway. I stopped in and was greeted very pleasantly by the girl at the counter, and she helped me pick out the special of the day, the green chili tuna sandwich. It came with a pickle and chips/salsa. Everything was excellent and I really was impressed with the salsa. Also, I had my first FUZE drink with my meal, also recommended, and I loved it. I grabbed a to-go menu and will definetly try to make it back soon. Overall, it hit every item on what I judge a lunch spot by with flying colors. At first I thought the location was a bit out of the way, but I now view it as a destination, rather than a good meal while in the neighborhood.
5	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):10 Food8 Service7 Atmosphere8 ValueThe only drawback is the service is done primarily by high school kids so, while they are very polite and courteous, they have a tendency to not know common service rules such as not taking one person's plate when another person at the table is still eating.  But the food is marvelous, the crowd is relaxed, and they really do care about their customers.This would be a great place to have downtown.
4	I would like the place more if they were opened past lunch hours.  I don't work in the neighborhood and only get to go on an off-day.  Their sandwiches are delicious and they have a solid variety.  The sandwiches may look simple on the menu but you can add a bunch of veggies to really flavor it up.  The style is a seat yourself, and wait for the food to arrive type.  I like the laid back style, nice decor, and fresh and delicious food.  Owner is super friendly and appreciates the customer.  Each time I have gone I wonder why I don't go more often, then I realize the hours.  I only give it 4.9 stars for not staying open long enough to allow me to eat there every meal!Fresh bread, and meat and veggies.  What more can you ask?  I can't wait to try new things on the menu.  To the person who complained about the price of a bagel-egg-cheese sandwich I would like to remind you that it is a BREAD COMPANY not a bagel shop!  I would have charged you $10 bucks for being silly enough to order the bagel.  2nd of all, no one ever asks you what kind of cheese you want on a bagel, it is always American by default, even at a bagel shop.  If you wanted something different then ask, they do not read minds.
5	Five stars for so many reasons.Upon my first bite, I put down my sandwich and signed onto yelp to write a rave review. However, I thought this was pretty pre-mature and perhaps I should wait, finish my meal, experience the after-taste and then analyze and review. With the  help of the very friendly employee, I chose the Pick Two - getting a half chicken salad sandwich and a cup of potato cream cheese soup. I waited for maybe, three minutes for my food, when another employee brought it over to me and I was ready to go!I went again today for breakfast (yogurt swirl and a banana nut muffin) and with these trips I feel qualified to give a meaningful review.Other than the the friendly/helpful employees and speedy service, the other highlights include - 1) convenient location to tons of offices (one being mine) and next to my bank (Chase), 2) and easy, likeable menu, 3) tons of soups - honestly, sometimes for lunch all I want is soup... and tasty soup at that!4) FRESH bread - I think people take bread for granted!Um, okay, so that's it. But seriously, so good. Will be a permanent lunch option for me
5	This place is simply amazing!  I wish every breakfast place would model themselves after AZ Bread Co!  This place is ultra bright and cheery, which is so perfect for the morning.  There are tons of tables and chairs, so you'll be hard pressed to not find a seat.  The ordering system is perfect for breakfast, you place your order, get a number, and sit down.  The drinks are self serve so it's really nice to not have to wait for any servers when you are STARVING like I always am at breakfast time.  Everyone who works here is quick and efficient, running like a well oiled machine.Now the food....  Do yourself a HUGE favor and get over here on the weekend!  They advertise a pecan waffle, pancake, or french toast special here on yelp.  I decided I would have that.  BEST DECISION EVER!  It was so amazingly good.  The waffle was fluffy and sweet and the pecan compote was dreamy.  Just imagine loads of caramelly sweet crunchiness covering an already perfect waffle.  Are you in heaven now?  You should be.  I promise it will be mind blowing.I kind of love this place, as if you couldn't tell already.  I am going to be trying to find excuses to make our way down here more often!
5	Whoa.  Rarely...RARELY!...is there a breakfast place that I give 5 stars.  It has to be as good as Matt's to get five stars from me.  That is not an easy thing to do but the AZ Bread Co has been successful.  This place is a jewel and should be in every major city.  To start, the setup is perfect.  A long counter to order your food at with pastries visible from the entrance and a large menu.  They take your order and you go sit and wait for it.  No stupid cluster of people in the entrance like at Scramble, so waiting for tables like at Matt's - you order and you wait for your food.  If the place is packed, you can sit outside.  No room outside, get it to go.  You can eat the stuff in your damn car if you like.  They have a soda fountain with Coke and if that doesn't deserve an extra star, I don't know what does.But all of that stuff becomes inconsequential when you start talking food.  The pecan french toast is one of the best breakfasts I've ever had.  Their chalah bread is killer and makes the perfect french toast.  The pecan topping is so rich but oh so good.  I've also had the strawberry pancakes.  They are not covered in a strawberry sauce like most places do it.  Just pancakes, fresh cut strawberries, and some fresh whipped cream.  Yum.  The pancakes are perfect as well.There isn't anything I can find to complain about this place other than - it is far away.  Maybe one day they will open one downtown.  Until then, I don't mind driving 15 minutes to get there.
5	I love this place! The food is great, and the service is wonderful! I've had both the breakfast and the lunch and have always had a great experience.  I am just amazed with how friendly and helpful all the employees are, even the owner stopped by our table today to ask how everything was, amazing! Such nice people, and good food, I really love coming here.
5	I wish I could eat breakfast here everyday. Everything I have eaten here has left me only to want to try another breakfast. The sweet and the savory choices are equally delicious so just take your pick. The pecan french toast melts in your mouth, the eggs benedict's hollandaise sauce is amazing, and the vegetable frittata or the ajo breakfast wrap will certainly satisfy. Did I mention the large portions and the side of mouthwatering potatoes? I also like to try to be a little healthy, so the choice of egg beaters or whites is appealing. Finally, the owner is always around and she is super nice. She runs a great business, and its great to see her involvement with the diners. Oh and did I mention... ITS AMAZING!
4	Az Bread Company is as tasty as breakfast gets! You go up to the counter, order your food, grab some drinks, and seat yourself. That is, if you can even grab a seat during their busy hours.The prices are not bad at all for the quality and quantity of food you get. For 8 bucks  I had 4 strawberry pancakes, turkey sausage and a scrambled egg. I finished my plate because it was so good, but  I ended up being so mad at myself for doing so. Their coffee was good, and they also provide flavored creamers.They have a wide variety of food from savory breakfast plates to sweet pancakes. They even serve lunch. Unfortunately, they close at 2 pm. So if you want to go and try this place, the best time might be around 11.
4	yay i,m a fan alright this place rocks on breakfast our first visit eggs bene w/spinich excellent holindase sauce potatos w flavor galore,the owner....sandy i think was her name making her way fro table to table checking on every body happy level definiatly high on my list for breakfast
5	This place is so good it's almost not right. Every thing is good, even the water!! The mornings that we eat at AZBC remind me of home made breakfast feast that my parents would make on special occasions. I love the Carne adovada and the Ajo breakfast wrap. The kids french toast sticks are so good they should be made illegal. The price is small for food so good. The owners are nice and will talk to you like your a good friend of the family. I love this place. I just wish they had a dinner menu. (hint hint). Get there early, get a seat and get ready to eat!
5	We just ate here yesterday and it was wonderful.  I had the strawberry waffle combo and it was delicious!  The portions were out of control, the berries were very fresh and the food was very hot when served.  The rest of my family enjoyed this meal too.  The kids meals portions are also very large and both my kids loved their food.The owner/manager was so nice.  I loved how she new many customers by name.I only wish they had one of these in our home town!
5	The food was excellent, the staff was friendly, and the place is clean and inviting. Helps they have wifi too! I will most certainly be returning!
3	After reading other Yelper's reviews, my expectations were built up pretty high.  AZ Bread Company is a great place, no doubt, but I somehow feel let down.Everyone talks about how friendly the owners are and how they've been approached by them to ask how their meal was etc.  One of the owners was out cleaning and bussing tables and he talked to about three families right next to me but never came to ask me how my meal was.  Whatever.  The place is set up like Jason's Deli or Chipotle in that you line up and order your meal then fetch your own drink and finally seat yourself.  They give you a laminated number tag that you can place at your table and when your order is ready they bring it to you.  They don't (or didn't for me, at least) bring your silverware to you.  I thought that was kind of lame.  They didn't even offer upon delivering the food and noticing that we had no utensils to eat with.  The food, however, was definitely way above average.  I had breakfast there with my daughter and she had Strawberry French Toast and I had the breakfast special which was a breakfast burro with eggs, chorizo, cheese and a couple veggies.  My daughter had a bottled cranberry juice and I had coffee.  The total ran $18 which is way more than reasonable for breakfast of this quality.  I like drink stations.  I like being able to get a half cup 'warm up' and being able to get up and look around as I get my drink.  The big windows here are great for the ambient light they lend to the experience where you're eyes aren't hammered having to adjust to artificial light in dimly lit places.  The place is really colorful as well which is very inviting and festive. All in all, it's a very safe place to bring your old ass grandparents and sketchy inlaws where you don't have to worry about freaking anyone out with a bad breakfast choice.  This place screams 'www.stuffwhitepeoplelike.com'.  You probably fit the demographic, so go there.
3	We saw the great reviews so figured we'd check it out.  It's an understated place that feels like an einstein's bagel location, not necessarily a bad thing as we go there too.  Ordered a couple of eggs with pork sausage, and 9 grain toast.  The sausage is very tasty.  We also had their green chili corn quiche with pepperjack cheese.  Very good.  The strawberry waffles were pretty good but not great.  Not trying to be too critical but I eat breakfast at a lot of great places and these are good but in line with what many good places will offer.  On the other hand, there are some places that have incredible waffles and french toast, not necessarily in AZ.  Either way, the staff was very good, food came relatively fast, and I would probably go back for a bite.  One little beef is that they should use butter or oil when cooking their eggs.  They use what I like to call fake butter or margarin.  You can always smell it when it's used in cooking eggs.  I know it's cheaper and lasts forever but frankly the other alternatives are just better.  Go check it out and make your own opinions known.
4	I recently ate here for the first time and I was really thrilled about the menu selection - it took me a while to pick something out for lunch. I was also intrigued by their list of artisan breads...kalamata olive sourdough? Yes please! The owner, Carol, told me that you can order a specialty bread over the phone and pick it up the next day. It's hard to find freshly baked bread in AZ since we have very few markets, so this was an exciting discovery for me. Attention tea lovers: Have you ever heard of an iced tea infused with vanilla and blueberries? Call me a glutton but I had 3 glasses of it.
3	Came here w/a girlfriend for breakfast a couple of weekends ago.  Saw the great reviews on Yelp and we girls love doing breakfast on the weekends  :)We got the Carne Adovada & the French Toast and thought the food was pretty good but nothing special nor memorable.  I prefer my french toast a little lighter and fluffier and I also thought the syrup that was put on it a bit on the heavy and thick side (it crystallized and harden up towards the end of my meal).  The pork in the Carne Adovada was nicely seasoned and really tasty...but my scrambled eggs were overcooked and a bit too hard and dry and my potatoes undercooked (so they were a bit soggy).  I also liked the jalapeno queso...but there wasn't enough of it to enjoy w/all the pork that was on the plate.Overall, it is a very cute place w/nice atmosphere and the one lady who came outside (where we were sitting) to check up on us was very nice and pleasant.
4	Was in Tempe for trade show for work. Great place for quick breakfast with no wait. I had omletes and the French toast which was very good
5	I like this place more and more every time I go there. The lady that must be the owner is always so friendly and spunky. The food is awesome and we have never had to wait more than a few minutes for it. I've only ever had lunch there, but you can't go wrong with any of the sandwiches or salads.
4	The BEST bagel I have ever had. Way better than Einstein's.  Ordered a wheat one with butter and cream cheese, and who knew that a simple breakfast could've been so tasty.  This gem of a cafe is easy to pass by, but stop in and give it a try. I had some of everyone's orders at my table....my friends' Blueberry Muffin (amazing!), strawberry french toast (which was delicious, considering I don't like French Toast and never order it), and the hashbrowns/breakfast potatoes also hit the spot.  Can't wait to go back...this is a great little joint to go to for a weekend brunch when you don't have to be on your diet. And, the prices are just right. MMMM I want a bagel right now.
5	A new favorite, thanks to fellow yelpers!  Generous portions and good coffee, though a tad on the pricier side.  Awesome early morning date, though!
3	Had a few lunches here, meeting with a good friend to talk some business. This place is good for that - lots of tables, lots of outlets for your laptop and of course, free wifi. The sandwiches are pretty okay, too.Overall, it's a good place. It's a bit out of the way for me - and I'm not a raving fan just yet, but it's a good solid casual lunch place, with the menu items named after Arizona landmarks/cities.
4	I'd have to agree with most reviews.  This is a nice little breakfast joint.I had the Ajo Wrap and a side of AZ Potatoes (home fries) and paid $8.54.  Very reasonable price at a time when a good breakfast in Phoenix can easily add up to $15 per person.They were both tasty and fresh.  The potatoes had some little pieces of green and red bell pepper mixed in, so that added a little extra to the overall flavor.  The wrap had a good bit of chorizo and the eggs tasted fresh.The atmosphere has a good vibe (other than the one family in there eating among which there existed one or more of them who needed a shower.  I think that was the exception, not the rule, however.)I'd definitely rate this among the Top 15 breakfasts in town.
5	I had the carne adovada breakfast. All I can say is, aside from what I would consider a delicious breakfast, don't over-order. The portions are excellent.
5	I love AZ Bread Co! The staff is great, the food is excellent, and it's a very relaxing atmosphere. My favorite thing on the menu is their Grilled Chicken Sandwich. All of their soups are great too. This is definitely a favorite that I visit often for lunch breaks from work.
2	I recently stopped by the AZ Bread Company for a quick lunch while out running errands. I was hoping for a really great salad, but their selection was pretty unimpressive. Instead, I went with the turkey avocado BLT wrap. I had high hopes, but was sorely disappointed. It was super bland and boring, and I think that's tough to accomplish with a BLT. There was way too much turkey, so it totally overpowered the rest of the ingredients, and the avocado didn't seem very fresh. The only redeeming part of the meal was the red potato salad which was actually pretty good. I probably wouldn't come here again. The menu overall seems pretty unoriginal, and the ingredients just weren't very impressive.
5	Delicious eggs Benedict and friendly service.  Order when you walk in, then find a table and wait for it to come out.  Male sure you grab silverware and napkins before you sit down.
5	simply freaking delicious.yup, thats the right way to describe it. i just finished the most fantastical sammich ever: The Carne Adovado. oh yes, this this is tastiness sitting on a delightfully sweet french bread roll. the carnitas meat is seasoned to perfection. its juicy, lightly spicy and just coats your mouth with tasty goodness. that sounded wrong but i dont care. this thing is awesome. oh and i have been here for breakfast. i got the az bread co omelet which was also damn tasty. covered in this nacho cheesy sauce, the omelet is ginormous and filled with sausage, mushrooms, cheesy goodness, and a variety of other things i cant remember i just remember that i couldnt stop eating it. the side potatoes are also great. they are like nicely fried french fries that have been cut into manageable little squares. i was pretty addicted.so yes, i guess ive found my go to sammich place for when i need some delicious pork.
5	Great friendly locally owned place for breakfast. Unique and tasty breakfast menu. If you like a little spice in your life try the Montoya Skillet!!
3	The AZ Bread Company definitely hit the spot! Located in a strip mall, it's easy to find and there are plenty of tables outside. It's set up so that you walk in, place your order, receive a number and seat yourself at a table. The decor is bright and cheerful, and the facility can accommodate large groups. I had a frittata with spinach, mushroom, red pepper, onion and feta. I couldn't even tell that I had ordered it with Egg Beaters!  I really appreciated being asked if I wanted butter on my toast; rarely do breakfast joints even provide that option.  I chose the honey whole wheat bread and the portion size was incredibly generous. My frittata was accompanied by diced potatoes, which were in need of a little salt and pepper (I'd rather have to salt my food than have it come out overly salty, so no complaints here!). My friend had the eggs Benedict, and he loved it. He couldn't finish half because it was on the salty side.When we were wrapping up the meal one of the owners came by and asked how our food was.  I'll definitely come back to try their French toast--it looks incredible!!
5	It is a good breakfast place. They give plenty of food and the environment is nice. What topped off the dining experience is thar the owner greets everyone and makes sure the food was good. Excellent customer service! I would come back again if I'm ever on this side of town.
4	I used to go here for lunch all the time when I worked out there. The food was spectacular and the service was always friendly and quick. I always got the stuffed tomatoes with chicken salad which came on a bed of greens with their non fat raspberry dressing. It was amazing! The prices are a little higher than your typical sammich shop but definitely not as high as some (yes I am talkin to you Paradise Bakery). Make sure you try this place if you are in the neighborhood!!! You wont be sorry.
5	Clean, bright and colorful are words that I would use to describe this Restaurant.Tasty, flavorful and Yum are descriptions of their food. This is my new go to lunch place! I am also extremely happy that it is 5 minutes away from work, that makes it so convenient as well.I have tried the following items:-Turkey Avocado BLT wrap. Even though they forgot the Avocado, which was a bummer, but the wrap was still really good. You can really taste the freshness of the ingredients. -Fireman Ruben, excellent warm sandwich, they do not skimp on the turkey, it is almost too much, almost!-Carne Adovada, EXCELLENT! Although a touch too salty, otherwise just a simple well flavored sandwich and very fresh bread.I highly recommend AZ Bread company, and I can't waiting to continue to try their different items on the menu. I am also looking forward to trying breakfast there one day. It is nice to have a healthy filling option for a quick and/or relaxed lunch!
3	Liked it, the owner was very nice.  Fresh food, little pricey.
5	Better and better!  I make it to Phoenix about 4x a year and always make time FO this place.  Great food and coffee and wifi and patio and did I mention the FOOD?
5	GREAT breakfast! A favorite with locals.
4	This place was great! Great food and good service (the owner seems to stop by every table to make sure everything's good). Stopped here for breakfast with my girlfriend and although it took a little while to get our food (20 min. but the place was PACKED because of a local cycling event and Pat's Run) it was well worth the wait!I got the Carne Adovado and it was delicious! The pork was seasoned perfectly, VERY tender, and the jalapeno cheese on top kicked up the heat just right for the dish! My girlfriends sandwich was pretty good too but she stole a few bites of pork too because it was so good!The potatoes were also great, and seasoned very well. The only thing that was slightly disappointing was the eggs. Not very fluffy and no flavor to them hardly at all. Perfect for pairing together with bites of the rest of the plate though I guess.Portion size was great too, we both left completely stuffed! Definitely give these guys a try!
5	YiOur favorite breakfast stop after our club bike ride!
5	Great place to eat.   The food is great, service is excellent, and the owner is always pleasant.  Its a bit of a drive for us, but very worth it.Love the Montoya Skillet.
4	So I finally got a chance to go here for the first time, and YUMMY is the word to describe this joint. My advice get the challah French toast.   My Wife got an omelet it was really delicious too. I need to come back and try the Amanda Burrito.
5	We LOVE this place. The owner is SO friendly. She remembered us froma year ago. It was chance that brought us here. Or maybe good karma draws us back :)  The food is good, the service is great
1	First of all, if there is any indication that this place might be busy, turn around and find a new place to eat. It's not unusual for the wait for your food to be up to 2hrs!We ordered a salad and a sandwich to go and waited over an hour for it. The salad came out within 15 minutes, but the sandwich took so long that by the time I was ready to eat my salad it was a wilted, slimy mess. The owner was not helpful at all and we asked her to check on our ticket she just said, "Yeah, it's up there." This place has a small kitchen and when there is a large crowd it is just possible or them to keep up with the demand. Crappy service, high prices, and a flaw in organization has lost them a customer.
2	I came here for lunch and I would like to come back and try something else and maybe revise my review but this first experience was just so blah. I wanted soup because, honestly, my office is so stinking cold I needed to warm up. I was torn between two soups: the tortilla and the chicken chili. The woman at the counter was very nice and gave me a taste of both. They were both fairly bland and average. I decided on the chicken chili and ordered it in a bread boule. The soup was just so bland. It was salt, some corn starch to make it have that weird gelatinous texture thing going on and it was lacking in substance. Some little shredded pieces of chicken and that's about it. I wanted some green chilis!! Or anything really to add some flavor. The bread was ok. Not great, not terrible. Overall, I was fairly disappointed but I would be willing to give it another shot and try something different on the menu. The menu is pretty varied, which was a good thing.
5	Fresh and fast.  Good smoothies.  Right sized portions for kids.  Great way to start a Saturday.  Now if it wasn't so bloody hot in this state.
4	In Tempe for the first time ever and were looking for a quick place to eat. AZ Bread Co is located in a nondescript strip mall, right on the corner w/plenty of parking spaces all around. I ordered the Amanda burrito with a side of queso and my husband had his usual, ham and cheese omelet. Our food arrived quickly and piping hot. You pay at the register and then take your number and go sit down in the spacious and very clean dining room The joint is beautifully decorated and much of the art on the walls is for sale. Of course I purchased one and it truly is lovely. The restrooms are beautifully decorated and very clean. The staff was not overly nice but neither were they unfriendly, pretty much just doing their job. There was an older man working there whom I felt really sorry for because he looked as though he was serving out a life sentence. We both ate for a little over $20 including drinks and if we lived there, we would def be customers. There are many tables and chairs outside if you're brave enough to eat outside and as always, I would much rather give my money to a family biz than some big restaurant chain...maybe when you're a regular there friendlier but the food was wonderful.
5	Good food and very friendly service.
5	We have enjoyed everything we order here.  It doesn't have the best location so hopefully good reviews will having people looking for it.  The people are really friendly and there are some great alternatives to the usual lunch places.  Definitely check out the menu.
2	Awful.When my lady and I feel like breakfast, we usually just go to Denny's.  I know the food is sub-par but we're attached to the chain because each of us hung out there frequently, with our friends, when we were younger.This morning, I wanted a really good breakfast.  I 'yelped' and this place came up.  I don't know where the rest of the reviewers have been eating but this place is terrible.The staff isn't friendly.  Just a crew of apathetic 20-somethings.  The guy at the register seemed annoyed that I had to look at the menu before I ordered.  A girl filling up those little jam baskets took the one from our table and replaced it without so much as an 'excuse me' or 'hello'.  Not even eye contact or a smile.I ordered pancakes.  It's all I wanted and I wanted good ones, badly.They were the worst pancakes I've ever had in my life.I'm not saying that with exaggeration.  The worst I've ever had.  Rubbery, tough and devoid of flavor.  Like eating a lid to a tupperware container.  I eat everything I pay for, bad or not.  I managed to choke down only one of the three.  It took forever to do so because cutting through them was such a chore.  Words just can't describe how bad these were.My lady got Challah French Toast with a pecan praline topping and it was acceptable.  Coffee was pretty good, honestly.  That's all the good I have to say about this place.
4	I enjoyed a Pastrami Sandwich here for a reasonable price. Their bread here is great  (it is AZ Bread Co for a reason) and they toasted this sandwich perfectly. Loved every bite of it! Could it have been piled a little higher for a traditional deli style sandwich, yes, but it was good anyway, and think of the calories I saved. My friend had their french toast which looked mouth watering good!  Thick toast cooked perfectly with plenty of warm syrup on the side.
4	This is the first time i have ever been here. My boy and i came here for brunch on Sunday morning.  It is very clean which is nice, however, i did not check out the restroom,so i cannot rate it. The food was excellent. The breakfast potatoes were really good.                                                         I had the fritata which was fabulous with spinach inside and crumbled feta cheese on top. My boyfriend got the Wrangler, his was really good as well except the bacon. He said they used to serve better Bacon and this was a cheaper version of something eatable.                                       Other than that though very good. I liked the coffee it was quite strong. The pieces of bread that they give you for Toast are huge, also very good. They don't have coupons which is a bit of a bummer. However, If you are looking to splurge this is the place. It was a little loud in there because, there was a table of children.                                                                                But, hey , what can you do??? Kids are loud!
3	Decent breakfast, nothing too memorable about it.
5	Went for our 2nd time on Sunday.  The place was P-A-C-K-E-D yet they were able to get our order to us quickly.  The servers get the tables cleaned very quickly so there wasn't much of a wait for an open table.  For the second time, I got the egg sandwich on ciabatta and it was fantastic.  I'm not used to ciabatta being so soft and chewey - normally it's toasted until it's rock hard.  This is soft enough for my 18 month old daughter to eat (and she calls it "balabala".)  My husband got the carne adovada again and it was amazing.  Spicier this time than the last.  It's served with toast... some of the best wheat bread I've tasted.  My mother ordered one of the wraps and was very pleased with it.  My only gripe is their coffee is weak.  But then again, I like a strong cup of coffee and it's extremely rare that I order coffee outside of my home - nobody makes it right - you eather have it too weak or it's burned to a crisp (ala Charbucks).  This place is close to home so we will return.  P.S. - there's interesting local art on the walls.  I've been meaning to ask if any of it is for sale.  I love supporting local small businesses and artists.
2	Potatoes and coffees were good. Carne Adovada was highly anticipated coming to the table but was little more than pork slow cooked in a lot of  sauce covered in a white quest sauce. My GF got the ajo wrap said it was very greasy. I must say the toast was excellent with homemade bread but I was little dazzled by the rest of the meal.Recommendation: get coffee and some challah and be done with it.
4	yes still rockin fast ,hot ,great breakfast , always tables avalible, good service
4	Cute little breakfast place in a strip mall in Tempe (side note - why is everything down here in a strip mall?).  The atmosphere is open and airy, and the staff friendly.  We went for breakfast and while the sweets were tempting, I chose to go savory - I was very pleased with my build your own omelet, but I confess I was eyeing my friend's challah french toast as well.  He said it was good, and the eggs florentine also got a good review.When I find myself back in Tempe, I'll be headed back here.
2	I have been thinking about trying this restaurant for awhile, and when the BF and I couldn't decide on breakfast this morning, I decided it was time to try it. We got there around 10 and it wasn't very busy, we didn't have to wait long and easily got a table. So I wrestled with what to give this place star wise. The lady who owns the restaurant was really nice, she even came by our table and said hello. Additionally, the employees were nice. The food was just meh, not terrible by any means, but not good or memorable in any way....so I had to go with the 2 (sorry guys). I had the eggs florentine and, though the eggs were cooked perfectly, the hollandaise sauce was not made correctly. It was very acidic and tasted not good, which kind of put a damper on the whole thing (as it covered all of the food). The bread was good, but it got soggy quickly (which is why I think they traditionally use english muffins). The potatoes were mealy and not crispy at all. I barely ate any of them because they were that meh. The BF got the strawberry pancakes. The pancakes were flavorless....like puffy white bread, but with less flavor. I figure a place is fairly meh when their pancakes are worse than those at Ihop. I even said to the BF that if this place were the only breakfast place in town....I would probably just cook at home. Now, it could have been an off day, and I would like to give them the benefit of the doubt, but I probably would drive out of my way to go here again.
5	Good food. Casual. Friendly service.
5	I am moving them up to 5 stars with this update.They are pretty much the best breakfast place on this side of town now.  The speed with which they get the orders out is pretty amazing. I thought it might have just been a weekday thing, but I have been several times on the weekend and they are just as speedy.  The owners when they are there always check on you and ask how your meal is going. The food and coffee are outstanding and very reasonably priced.  What more could you ask for? Just make sure to pick up your silverware and napkins on the way to the table :) as I always get distracted and have to go back.Try:- Green Chile Corn Quiche - French Toast ( Awesome )- Mochas- Eggs Benedict Florentine- Breads
5	Great locally owned restaurant. The owner came by to talk to us and was very friendly. Carne Adovada all the way! French toast was good too.
4	Like everything else in Phoenix, this little place is tucked in a bland strip mall so it looks like just another chain. But don't be fooled by looks -- the food was great and the service amazing for an order-at-the-counter joint. I ordered the breakfast wrap with eggs, ham, and cheese, and it came out in five minutes flat. Eggs were perfectly scrambled, and the diced ham was sweet and smoky. My only complaint was that I wished it had some of the tasty breakfast potatoes inside. Luckily, I was able to steal them from Hubby, who gobbled down his hearty three-egg breakfast almost as fast as the meal arrived. We'll definitely be back.
4	Took my 7 and 10 year old there this morning. 3 separate patrons brought dogs and all 3 let my boy pet them. I only mention that because the whole place seemed filled with happy, and child friendly folks from the neighborhood. The reviews that talk about fast service are spot on. The food and coffee was good, and my most prestigious critics, my kids, said it was better than their favorite place back home. I only give it a 4 because of the lack of gluten free options outside of the standard egg dishes, and the person who took my order didn't seem very knowledgeable about GF diets. Its not all their fault. I was hoping for better options for my daughter who has celiac and yelp had this place listed under Gluten Free.  Good breakfast, great service, and nice neighborhood eatery atmosphere.
4	Been here twice now once for lunch and the other for breakfast. I don't remember exactly what I had for lunch but I remember it was good and I was happy enough to try again. The one thing I remember from the lunch was that the staff was really friendly and super helpful. This continued when I went back a few months later for breakfast.I got the french toast on challah bread with strawberries. I also got an egg and bacon on the side for a couple buck extra. The food was great and really stands out compared to the lunch which I basically forgot. i didn't want to eat all of the french toast but it was so good I couldn't stop.I can't say lunch here is thrilling but breakfast is very good, decently priced and the staff is very friendly and helpful. If you are looking for something simple but good for breakfast go here.
2	I have stopped in to the AZ Bread Co before for a quick breakfast--some toast and coffee, or their acceptable French toast. Nothing special. I was running errands in the neighborhood and came in for lunch. I ordered the carne adovada sandwich at peak lunch time, about 12:15. It's a big sandwich on a French roll and it was just plain bad. The roll was microwaved and tough, chewy. I mean, you put the word 'bread' in the title of your restaurant. Yikes. The meat was over stewed and over salted by a long shot. The only other component of the sandwich is an equally salty and processed-tasting liquid cheese sauce. Nothing fresh on the sandwich at all? I was starving but couldn't bring myself to eat any more of it. I took it home to my husband because he has a deep, abiding love for any sort of slow cooked pork dish and even he wouldn't take more than a bite. They need to take a look at the dishes they're serving and inject some life into them. It should be better--and it wouldn't be hard to improve.
4	Super quick service when I stopped by for lunch to-go. Good salad with LOTS of chicken!Only complaint was the measly amount of bread that comes with a salad....suggestion, buy a roll. Thanks Carol!
2	Very good food but lacks consitancy. The food is either amazing or great but recently saw chicken being microwaved and served.
4	I took my mother here for Mother's Day. This is a big deal for 2 reasons A) My mom is a vegetarian and it's hard for her to find things to eat out, and B) She's really picky about quality & service. I had never eaten here, but chose it out of 6 other places I was considering! The main thing that clinched it for me was that it had different breakfast items that most places don't have, and that they had a lot more vegetarian friendly options. So, the day came and my mom ordered the Garden Frittata, which she was so excited to see on the menu and she loved it! I ordered the Strawberry Waffles, which were so good I have really been dreaming about them and looking for an opportunity to go back, and one egg over medium (which they cooked correctly). My Dad ordered a breakfast sandwich, which he liked very much, but said he wished he ordered the Strawberry Waffles once he saw mine! We went over there at noon to miss the huge Mother's Day crowd, that proved smart because it was not crowded at all. The only cons were that the people who work there seem terse and not very friendly. It's something I can put up with because the food was so good, but I wish I wouldn't have to. When we chose a seat my mom politely asked a nearby person who worked there to clean it off since there were no clean tables. They seemed affronted at this request. She had also wanted to push two tables together but the person who worked there didn't want her to do this and was kinda rude about it.
4	Great place to hang out on a weekend morning.  Many great choices.Good muffins to go if you are in a hurry.
5	Great food. Warm and friendly staff. Fast service with great quality food. I had the carne adovada and was NOT disappointed. Found the restaurant on yelp and have to agree with all the positive posts :) The owner even came around and made sure we were ok. Definitely coming back!
5	I've been to my fair share of breakfast places, but this one takes the cake. Excellent service, fantastic food, warm and welcoming ambiance...I was really blown away.I ordered the veggie frittata with a side of salsa, which was excellent (I do recommend the side salsa, though - it adds a lot more flavor), and my companion got the strawberry French toast. Really excellent food.So happy to live close to this place!
4	we've been going to AZ Bread Co since they opened, and we love the owner Carol. Hubby and I used to take a long walk on Saturday morning and then go split a carne adovada breakfast. Yum!  Most times lunches are great here too -- great soups, good sandwiches. on occasion, service is a bit slow, and no recompense made for "lost" meals, but this has only happened a few times over the many years we've been there. note: AZBC used to have wi-fi and many regulars went there to work over lunch (like me today).....alas, they got rid of it due to service issues with their provider and currently no other utility serves the area. if you find yourself on this side of town, stop by for some excellent breakfasts, great bread and good lunches. patio in nice weather is lovely.
1	I visited the location on Elliot Road and this was my experience:  The woman working the register asked what I would like to order, I stated, "The Turkey and Provolone Sandwich on 9 grain bread please".  Then she asks, "Ok, so you want all the dressings and stuff on it?".  I answered, "Uhhhhh, just mayo should be fine".  Then she asked, "You want the El Pavo right?"  I said, "no, just turkey, provolone, and mayonnaise."  She replied, "And bacon's ok on that?"  I became frustrated and said, "I just want turkey, cheese, mayonnaise, and bread..."  She still looked confused so I told her to cancel the order and walked out the front door.  When you only have 25 minutes to buy lunch, eat it, and get back to work...the confused "order taker" at the AZ Bread Company doesn't fit into your day. That's a last time for me.
5	Holy cow, we had an incredible breakfast today! LOTS of food, excellent bread, the meat was juicy,  potatoes were hot and tasted fresh and not like a reheated afterthought! We will absolutely be eating there again!
4	I really like this place but wish it didn't close at 2 pm- I'm not always good about taking my lunch at a reasonable time.I've had several sandwiches and wraps as well as their ceasar salad and I've been satisfied each time.The service is usually very friendly.
5	Yelped this place for breakfast one Sunday morning and my bf and I arrived at around 8:30. We were surprised to see a ton of people there enjoying breakfast already, including a large party of about 15 people. We got in line and I ended up ordering the Rancher (two eggs, bacon, bread, and potatoes). My bf ended up getting the same thing with sausage. We grabbed a table and our food was out after a few minutes. The eggs and bacon were pretty standard - good. The potatoes were really good, seasoned nicely, obviously made fresh. The bread. You know, I'm not sure what makes bread really good, but there bread was really good. I had the sourdough and bf had the rye. We both enjoyed our meals, the owner came by to check on us, it was a really good way to start the morning. I'll definitely be back.
5	This place has great breakfast, with a menu thats not too big and complicated and some pretty nice creations of their own.  The bread they have is unique for sure, duh, its called a bread company :).  I shall thus point your attention to their omelettes and other creations.which is though not as full as Crackers Cafe down the road, nor overloaded like the good egg or us egg, it does have a certain amount of creativity and uniqueness.  For example, do the az omelette which has a nice creamy hollandise like sauce over the omelette.  Else do the carne adovada, :)  no elaboration needed with a name like carne adovada.I am gonna go out on a limb here and assume their lunches and breakfast sandwiches are equally good.  I don't know cause I have only been here twice for breakfast and twice I like the casual atmosphere, friendly staff, good breakfast that has not disappointed and overall feel of the place.  Come here and U will like it :) Its not everyday that I find a spot as good as Crackers and Co :)
3	I rarely take to Yelp to complain but today is a little different. I ordered the Tempe panini and Tomato Bisque soup for lunch today and prepaid via Living Social. I was there to pick up right on time but it looked like my food had been sitting for a few minutes on the counter, not being kept warm. My panini is cold but the soup is hot. Not very impressed with the flavor of the sandwich but the soup is very good as always. For a $5 sandwich, I also expected a little bigger.So, one star knocked off for the panini. Another knocked off for the service. The first time I called to find out what the soups were, the girl couldn't hear me so I called back. The man who helped me was gruff and short on the phone (I thought it was a reasonable question since the soups aren't posted online but oh well). When I came in, the line was long so I was patiently waiting til I saw the "ring bell if you ordered ahead" sign. I rang the bell. Quietly, without demand or force. I got no reply. I wasn't going to ring it again even though I assumed they didn't hear it since there was no acknowledgement but someone else in the line commented that since the staff didn't say anything, they probably hadn't heard it. So I rang it again. A little louder but not slamming my hand down on the thing.The man responded "I heard you the first time!" as if I were ringing and ringing and ringing in a rude manner. I was taken aback but not surprised; the service here isn't that great but that's why it's a counter and not table service, I reckon. I did not expect, nor did I appreciate, a side of chastisement with my lunch
5	Excellent food and excellent service. Totally affordable. Convenient to I-10. All of the people were really nice and very helpful. There were so many extra appealing menu items and the ones we chose were Delicious!!
5	Great food at great prices and always with a smile. I have been going to AZ Bread since it opened and there isn't a better breakfast place in the Valley. It just doesn't get any better.
4	I came over for breakfast while visiting a friend in Mesa and I was happy I did! The restaurant is bright, clean, casual, and easy.  I ordered the Amanda Burrito which was a chorizo and egg burrito with peppers and onions and a side of the jalapeno queso. The burrito was a great size and it was delicious. The jalapeno queso came out with a film on the top like it had been sitting for a bit before coming to the table. I politely pushed the film over to the side of the bowl and enjoyed nonetheless. The staff was friendly and attentive and we were checked on multiple times to see if we needed anything. I would definitely be back.
4	A while ago I was in for a lunch salad and I remember that it wasn't very...well, memorable. I drive by this place every day and I've never been enticed to come back and try their breakfast. Until recently, that is...Wonderfully hot, healthy and very tasty,--not to mention reasonably priced--breakfast wrap (happily made with my requested egg whites)!Owing to the fact that I was "in and out" in about 8 minutes, AZ Bread Co. is now on my list of places to stop once a week for my "breakfast out" treat. I also appreciated the friendly smiles from all employees!
5	We've been coming here for 2 years, for breakfast and lunch. The blueberry muffins are amazing, the best I've ever had. For breakfast, we always get pancakes, the wrangler and a muffin, and share between two adults and a toddler. For lunch, I love the Sedona sandwich with potato salad, or I get a half sandwich with a salad. The potato and cream cheese soup is also yummy. They have so many delicious options! And the service, staff, and owners are all great!
4	A great place to have a sandwich or breakfast. Portions are large, the ingredients are high quality, and service is fast and friendly.
5	Great spot for breakfast, try the Ajo burrito. Go Angels in 2013
2	The place started out well, a young woman at the counter offered to help us, before she could take our order, the phone rang. She got involved in a long order with many questions, the man at the counter finished helping his customer, glanced over and walked away without saying a word. We had never been there before, so he couldn't have had a bad experience with us, but that's how he acted. Maybe we resembled someone he hated. He wandered aimlessly around the restaurant while we waited. Ordered the Wrangler, the eggs and potatoes were standard quality, the pure pork sausage seemed good when hot, but as it cooled down seemed to be full of soy filler or something. The sourdough toast was good, although I suspect they use margarine, not butter on it.  There were tables outside, as we left someone was smoking there. First and last visit.
5	Great food and service, always easy to get to go food.
4	Anything on this menu that says "green chile" is going to be delicious.
5	Went here for brunch and was pleasantly surprised by the yummy food choices. I ended up having the Phoenician. Friendly staff and fast service!
5	Great food at a great price and always with a smile. The atmosphere is bright and friendly. I have been going to AZ Bread since it opened and there isn't a better breakfast or lunch place in the Valley. It just doesn't get any better.
2	When you're in a bread company, you expect the panini (sandwiches) to be awesome. Mine was barely toasted, not cripsy. My friend's sandwich was also limp, and in addition, it was too salty. The service was good and quick. The whole place was spotlessly clean. Their record from the county health dept is excellent. The side salads look/taste like what you can buy at Fry's deli. Yawn....I would compare this to a lunch at Subway. Not bad, but not something to go out of your way for, either.
5	One word.  YUM!!!  I love eating here.  When I walk in it is bright and cheery and the staff greets me with smiles and hellos AND the food is DELICIOUS!  Here are some of my favorite must try's: BREAKFAST:  If you are feeling decadent go for the Pecan Waffles.  Oh my oh my how they call my name.  It's like waffles meet sticky buns!If you're feeling like a classic the Wrangler is the way to go:  three eggs, bacon and crispy potatoes.  And when I want to spice up my life I order the Ajo Breakfast Wrap.  It's scrambled eggs with green chili, bacon, onion and cheddar cheese all wrapped up.  So good.LUNCH recommendations: The Carne Adovada Sandwich is bomb.  Get it with a side of the chips and caso, this stuff is addictive.    If I'm in a light mood I'll go with the Asian Almond Salad or sometimes they have a gorgeous strawberry salad on the specials board.A great classic: The BLT.  I like to get it with a cup of yummy soup.  So yeah, I really like eating here.  A lot. I like the people, the food, oh and they have a dog friendly patio so you can bring your furry friend and eat in a nice shaded area outside.
5	The ideal breakfast place.  Quality no nonsense breakfast food.  The owner Carol and her staff make every customer feel like family.  All the items on the menu are solid but I prefer the Amanda burrito with chorizo.For lunch they serve great soup and sandwich combinations.  Try the potato cream cheese soup it's awesome.
5	Always awesome food, wonderful staff and fantastic prices.  This is one of our favorite places to eat.  So many choices - some very gourmet items for breakfast.  A truly great place to start or spend any of your day!  We have ate breakfast all over the Valley and this place is tops.
5	This is our favorite place to eat breakfast. We eat here every other week or so. The food taste great and the staff is super friendly. It's also a great place to take young kids. We take our toddler to eat, and we likes the potatoes. This is a pay first restaurant, so if our kid gets cranky we can leave whenever we feel like it.AZ Bread Co is highly recommended.
4	I absolutely love this place. I wish I could give it 5 stars but I haven't tried everything on the menu. I come here every morning literally for bagels or their challah bread, so damn good! And their service is very fast and the staff is overly friendly. I love it. It's also very clean in there. However, their sandwiches (which I didn't try) were pretty expensive but I'm pretty sure it's worth it. I will def try in the near future.
5	Favorite breakfast spot! Fast, friendly and still reasonably priced. I love both breakfast and lunch, The Wrangler or Rancher for breakfast and The Sedona sandwich for lunch. It's a local spot with the same cast of characters each weekend. The owners sincerely care about your visit, food and beyond the experience to your life in general.
5	Great food, super friendly staff (when's the last time your cashier honestly seemed to ENJOY her job?) and it's not a chain. It was my family's first time there, and the owner even noticed that and stopped by our table immediately to check in and introduce herself. We'll definitely be back! :)
4	I was hungry and this place was close. I expected a franchise, even though I do try to avoid them as much as I can - but found out that AZ Bread Company is NOT a franchise. I had the Carne Adovada even though it was little too much pork for the morning, but I cant complain. Nothing was spectacular, but it sure was what I came here for. The service is nice, our food came quickly and everybody seems to do everybody's job. It has a nice atmosphere in here.It will not become a place I frequent regularly, but once in a while when I feel that I deserve a huge breakfast and I don't want to cook it myself. Yes this place probably will be the place I choose.
4	Fresh ingredients. They bake their own bread, which is excellent.  The pick 2 is the best choice for me since I love the Sedona sandwich and Potato Cream Cheese soup.  They don't skimp on portions, the half sandwich looks more like 3/4!   Great staff and owner!    The only downside is going at lunch.  The computer register has a small problem when entering the pick 2 so sometimes you spend much more time than you'd expect getting rung up.
3	I was in the area for a work meeting and a coworker recommended this place. I had the El Pavo signature sandwich with a side of tortilla chips and salsa and a regular drink. It was a turkey sandwich with bacon and avocado on a specialty roll. The total came out to a little over $10. The sandwich was good and I suppose $10 is a decent price point for it, I just don't think I'd be a regular here if I wasn't able to expense it.
4	Great little breakfast spot right around the corner from home. Delicious baked goods and decent lattes. Their egg dishes are also good. They have 3 or 4 specials of the day posted at the register....and I have never been disappointed. They have a few outside tables, but they are right on the sidewalk and you are looking at the parking lot. No views to speak of. Very large and clean inside and you order at the counter, and they bring it to you. Ordering 'to go' does take quite awhile if you are ordering anything from the kitchen, but it is easy to grab a bagel/muffin and coffee. The owners are also very involved in the community, and always sponsor a food drive during the holidays. I recommend that you support this local restaurant!
4	Would never have seen my self going out to lunch with a client to a restaurant that did not have waiters / waitresses . . . but was glad the client chose this place.  I ordered the Sedona Sandwich and the Jalapeno Queso with Chips.  The food came relatively quick and was warm and very tasty . . .  the sandwich had a great balance of flavors and very enjoyable . . . while the queso had just the right amount of kick.The place was clean, and the staff was nice and friendly . . . my problem is that I have trouble giving a restaurant five stars if it does not have a wait staff . . . but this place was very, very close.this place is definitely on my return list.
4	The people who work there are awesome! It was my first time there and they offered to help me figure out what I wanted, asking me few questions it was a done deal and within a few minutes I had my food in front of me and EVERYTHING was delicious! Def recommend getting the wrangler. I give it 4 stars because I can't give it the 4.5 that I really think it deserves.
5	My Girlfriends and I met for Breakfast.  The  restaurant was clean and it appeared to be busy. The food was delicious and the service was great.  I would highly recommend to friends and family.  Thanks Carol!
4	Think Panera, but local.  This place has a lot of good choices including a "pick two" combo for lunch.  I liked that they had 4-5 soup options along with several interesting salad choices.  I went for the combo with half panini and tortilla soup, and it was quite good.  I wish they would allow a small specialty salad and soup as a combo option, but it appeared on the menu you can only get a small garden salad or caesar.  The workers here are super friendly and the food came out super quick.  If in the area, I definitely would come back.
3	AZ Bread Company is good.  Its not bad, and its not GREAT... I enjoy it in the morning for a bagel.  Some co-workers of mine have gotten some salads from them.  I have also had a wrap.  Its not somewhere I have to go, but it is somewhere I enjoy near my job :) Check it out if youre in the area, maybe I just havent had the right menu item
4	Good place to study, free wifi and spacious. Sandwiches and soups are pretty good. Employees are fun and friendly!
3	Stopped in for a weekend breakfast.  The food was good and served quickly.  There seems to be some sort of weird local vibe going here.  People were filling up cups they brought from home at the soda fountain.  I found that strange.  Whatever.  It is very casual.  You order at the counter and they'll bring it out to you.  This would be a good spot to go for breakfast if you have a few brats to take along.  Also saw some people on the patio with their dogs.
5	I never been here before, even though i work two block away (at a different breakfast/lunch restaurant).I like to go to breakfast restaurants on my day off to see how they stack up.Az bread company is a solid breakfast provider. Its an express style place, you order at the register, pay, they give you a number placard etc.There are a few healthier choices, my wife got the power wrap, spinach, mushrooms, eggwhites in a spinach tortilla.They also have traditional breakfast staples. Skillets, omeletes and the like.Its a smaller place, in a strip mall suite, with lots of windows and natural light.And every table has an electrical outlet. Seems inviting to people interested in using laptop or tablet. Not sure about wifi, i didnt ask.In summation, az bread co. Is exactly what they advertise, and all the employees seem happy to be there, and those are my requirements for a 5 star review , so there you have it.
3	I stop by here for breakfast every once in a while and it is always decent, but not great.  It is quick and tasty though if you are no able to sit down for a full meal.  If you have time, head down the street west a couple of blocks to Crackers.
5	Super tasty breakfast, super fast and excellent service. Cool spot and family ran! Would eat here again.
4	My husband and I have been here many times now for breakfast. The queso is the best, tasty bacon and potatoes. We enjoy the outdoor seating when it's not too hot out.
5	Great food. Great service.  Great prices.  We always go there for our special occasions.  We've tried various dishes and we've never been disappointed.   Also dog friendly and great space to hang out with friends snd family.
4	I was a little skeptical about eating here because of the location.  The area is a little industrial and barren for my taste.  However, I am glad I stopped in. You place your order at the front and sit down and wait for your food to come out.  There are workers that come around and ask if you need anything, much like a restaurant where you have to leave tips for the servers...but here you are not expected to!  I love that.  I hate dining out because it is so expensive to begin with and then you have to leave a tip on top of that.  Anyway,  I had the pecan waffles for breakfast, AMAZING!! It was very sweet though so you must have a sweet tooth.  The homemade mango smoothie was awesome as well. A few cons... This place needs more bathrooms.  Only one stall for each gender.  My husband waited our entire stay because one guy was hogging up the bathroom with probably the largest load ever.  My husband could not wait any longer and had to sneak into the woman's bathroom while I stood guard, haha. Also, they use Styrofoam cups.  I shed a tear for the environment that day ;(
5	Ten years of amazing breakfast memories!  Wonderful service,  never disappointed in the quality and consistency of there menu.
4	I ate here 4 times this week due to its close proximity to where I was working. I tried the strawberry french toast one day and the classic breakfast sandwich with bacon another day. For lunch I had a salad and a soup/ sandwich combo another day. The only thing I didn't love was the egg salad sandwhich. It was rather bland. Otherwise,  everything was very fresh and tasty.  The staff recognized me after my first visit and were friendly and helpful. A nice spot for breakfast or lunch.
3	Went for brunch and was delighted with the food.The only downside was the guy groaning in the locked bathroom for 45 minutes (literally, I timed it). Turns out it was an employee, so thankfully he was in there while our food was being prepared. I can only assume he was hungover as the restroom did not suffer from a lingering "odor", but that was definitely not a good image for this establishment.
4	Love the potato sour cream soup. Didn't care for Tuna Melt aka Monterey Sandwhich.  Tuna salad was dry and wanted less Tuna and more mixins. Everyone else meals looked great and service was friendy.
5	I go to AZ Bread Company almost weekly with my mom for brunch. The food and service are always great. We love the family atmosphere-- all of the employees know all of the regulars, and it's really friendly. It's just an all-around great breakfast and lunch place. I also really like that they have a punch card where you can earn a free meal.
4	Every time I go here the staff is always so warm and friendly. Great soup and sandwiches. And the pumpkin bread was legit.
5	This restaurant is a long time favorite of mine. I'm a little embarrassed that I always get the exact same thing. But I have to say I often crave it. The veggie frittata with feta, home fries, and delicious toast. It's a real treat. The owner is so lovely and always really kind to us.
1	I wanted to like this place and I hate writing bad reviews for local establishments. I work a couple of blocks away at university of phoenix and thinking this place is the same as the az bread company that comes to the downtown farmer's market I recommended this place to everyone. I had never been here but figured it had the same quality. it does not.I come for coffee sometimes and first of all if you are going to do specialty coffees and compete with dutch brothers and starbucks learn to do it right. I don't mind spending 3-6 bucks on coffee depending on what I get but it for sure needs to be good. I got a couple of their frozen drinks during the summer. They have little coffee in them. When I asked for an extra shot I was informed it is $2 a shot. Um again dutch brothers on rural and guadalupe. Go there instead and it's $0.50. Now back to the coffee experience. I went again today thinking how bad of an experience can a basic iced coffee be? It's about $2/60 for an ice coffee so not that badly priced, flavor is extra. I asked for a large. They don't do large except in hot coffee. So if you want iced, which is plain coffee dilluted with ice and water you can only get a 10oz coffee. Excuse me???? I asked for pumpkin flavor and either they charged me and only put in half pump or never put it in at all. I asked about it and the lady says 'oh well you wouldn't be able to see the flavor." mmmmk but in a quality establishment I should be able to taste it right?? I call foul here. Terrible place for coffee.Ok so now onto the food...The sandwiches are lackluster. My friend got a grilled cheese and a drink which was almost $10. The grilled cheese was soft and not grilled at all. Do we see a problem here? My bagel was grocery store quality. Another co-worker reported getting an iceberg salad. I just don't understand how this place survives with so many good places in this area. If you want coffee go to dutch brothers. If you want baked goods go to the croissant place down the street, and if you want a good basic sandwich go to the safeway a little further down. But skip this overpriced 'bakery'
5	I decided to try this place and I am happy that I did. The man who took my order was very helpful and made an awesome suggestion for my friend and to try the Jalapeno Queso and chips. We both agreed it is delicious. I had the "Scoop Salad" man, was it delicious the veggies were very fresh and the dressing was amazing. The next time I went in I had the "Sedona". It was amazing. Give it a try. A co-worker brought in some muffins from here one day and those were so delicious and very moist!
5	Love this place! Every time we come in the owners are so kind and welcoming, not to mention the good is amazing!
5	My favorite place to eat breakfast on this side of town.The staff here are always very friendly and willing to accommodate their customers. I can't really say enough great things about them.  They really make this a wonderful place to  eat.  Most of the time I bring my nieces and nephews since they really like kids here and they have good options for them.  They are always nice to the kids and they have a great time.  The food is always great as well.  The chile corn quiche being a stand out.  It's one of the best things to have here for breakfast.  Having tried the french toast, pancakes, eggs florentine, and most of the menu everything is great and comes out really fast.  If I am in a hurry or with a group we always go here.If you are on this side of town it's worth a visit.Try:- Green Chile Corn Quiche- French Toast- Eggs Florentine
5	When we walk in to the AZ Bread Company, the employees recognize us and ask us if we're getting our usual. For me, that's the Amanda Burrito: a breakfast burrito with eggs, onions, chorizo, some jalapeno, and cheese. The burrito is served with a side of queso and I consider it liquid heaven. The queso - whether dipped up or spooned on top - is the figurative icing on the cake. I try to get different things but always come back to that burrito.The staff is so friendly and the owner a very sweet lady. I always feel welcome. It's great to be a regular here.Also, just as a side note, the passion berry tea (which we drink iced) tastes like waffles with berries on top. Not kidding. It's unsweetened and seriously tastes like dessert. We love it. And we love this place!
1	Just moved to the neighborhood, so I thought I would try this spot for lunch.  NEVER AGAIN. I had a 1/2 sandwich and soup. The Scottsdale and corn chowder poblano. The soup was just ok, usually a chowder is creamy but the soup was watery. The potatoes used in the soup very definitely a freeze dried potato or previously frozen, they definitely do not use fresh ingredients. The sandwich was downright awful. The bread was grilled and left on the grill to long as it was burnt. The roast beef was a grocery store lunchmeat that was tough and chewy. The sandwich didn't have any red peppers on its as advertised, and the meat was a little blob in the middle of the bread. I was really disappointed as I love a great 'Deli". Unfortunately I will never eat there again.
5	High quality breakfast food at a reasonable cost. The Amanda burrito with chorizo is my favorite.  The burrito includes a spicy cheese sauce for dipping.  During my first visit the owner introduced herself and asked if i needed anything.  Good service and good food.  I recommend this place for people who want solid breakfast food without any frills.
5	We love this place we live right around the corner and at one point was eating here every weekend. I love their Eggs Benedict with spinach!
4	This review is only about their treats of sweet deliciousness. I wanted to do something nice for my work team and thought I would bring in scones and muffins for them. I was greeted by a sweet guy who was friendly and helpful with my questions. (I had many, I'm sure he was annoyed, but never showed it) The prices are fair for what you get. I have made a mission of mine to go back and have lunch there at some point because the menu looked pretty good.  Everyone at work raved about how good these treats were. I raspberry scone was by favorite. It wasn't too sweet where you'd get a bunch of cavities from eating it, but sweet enough to enjoy with some coffee. You must try their pastries!
5	What great service! If you've checked some of the other reviews on here, then you may notice that this is something that echoes throughout the whole establishment. That, and the quality of the food, stand out particularly here. I ordered some oatmeal-expecting nothing really special-and what I received was way, way above average: candied walnuts, brown sugar, and perfectly cooked oats with an image fit for a commercial. If they take such time with the little things here, than I'm pretty sure you can imagine how the rest of the food is. I recommend coming for lunch also. You can't go wrong either way! :)
