4	It's a neat looking place - about the size of your living room - drive thru, small patio area in front ( 2-3 tables ) - they specialize in ...well, of course, hot dogs - they have sabrett's dogs - i'm a so cal guy but i'm told sabrett's is famous on the east coast - i believe they are made in jersey but have an nyc following,   the y also have "LA-Style PAstrami" ...not sure what that means, they have various styles of fries ( style in that they add cheese, onions...even pastrami...why ?!? ) they make various cold coffee drinks, shakes ( made w/ custard ) man...they have alot considering the cooking space is smaller than your home kitchen !!i've eaten here two times - once, via drive thru, the 1st time  i sat out and watched the traffic go by while i wolfed down 2 dogs .The 1st time - a chili-dog w/ cheese and onions and a ny special - sabretts red red onion relish and spicy mustard - both decent but a little pricey...i posted a pic of the chili-cheese.  i'm not sure what all the fuss is about a sabrett's dog ( btw - they charge 40 cents more for the natural casing "snap" dog...why ? )the 2nd time - a sammy's special - relish, mustard onions, some onion rings and a small rasberry shake...the cost ...$10....hmmmm..again, a little pricey.  the shake tasted great...the onion rings - beer battered...yes, i can taste the beer ! good too.  the hot dog ...again...not bad - this time i got the "snap" dog...yes...it did snap !!  still want to understand why these dogs are so special...Sammy's is the kind of place you want to see succeed ...i just wish the prices were a little lower !
5	OVERALL RATING:Service: 5Decor: 4Food: 5Dog-friendly: Yes!--------------------------------------------------Plus (+):Great food, extensive menu choices for hotdogs & sandwiches. Really friendly service, fresh squeezed lemonade. Huge portions!Minus (-):Not open on Sat/Sun since they cater. Seating is exclusively outdoors.--------------------------------------------------Overall, this is a great place for sandwiches and hotdogs. Although we didn't get the custard shakes, they sound great!
4	so, i've made a few return visits over the last 6 months and i tell ya, the place is still kinda pricey but i still dig this place.  the raspberry custard shake is still refreshing, the dogs are good, the fries , tasty, but i'll be damned i still  haven't tried the " LA-style " pastrami - one of these days !
3	Sammy's has a second location on Tropicana just West of Eastern, and that's where I ate.  I'm allergic to beef, so I tried the chicken gyros and plain fries.  The tzatziki sauce on the chicken gyros was nice and tangy, but the chicken wasn't thin-sliced like gyros--it was chunks kind of like you would get on a salad.  The fries are okay--not the best ever, not anywhere close to the worst.  The big plus here is the very outgoing owner--I don't know whether it was Bryan or Brian running the register, but he was definitely friendly, alert and outgoing.  Portions are extremely generous.  You can eat indoors at the Tropicana location.
4	I tried the The New York hotdog and The Fire dog, both were very good...friendly service! I will definitley come here when I crave a hot dog!
4	I just ate at the Tropicana location and the pastrami sandwich was amazing.  I have been to all of the best places in LA and this one is definitely comparable.  Far and away the best I have every had in Vegas.  And the owner is very friendly and cool.  I'll be back next weekend.
5	What can I say I am hook already!!! I have ordered through the drive thru twice this week. The Pastrami is to die for!!! The garlic and romano cheese fried are wicked good. The Strawberry Lemonade not shabby either. The owner Brian know's his food. Had the Steak Gyros yummy. The Cajun fires were good too. Looking forward to trying more things on their menu.
5	I'm a fatty so when I lived in Chicago I loved going to eat at all the "junk food" spots they had. I hadn't found one here until Sammy's. It's all your favorites from ball parks, amusement parks, that snack bar at your neighborhood pool growing up, and then some! It has a drive-through and a picnic table area for outdoor dining. The food:*Tons and tons of hot dogs with every topping you'd ever want. Chicago got me onto the celery salt bandwagon so I was happy to find I could get my hotdog here just how I like it (mustard and celery salt only, please!). The fiance loves the chili cheese dog and we both enjoy the honey beer batered corn dog. Dogs start out at $2.25 or so. *Garlic romano fries - skinny and crisp and delish*Tons of shakes made to order. We like ours with banana and oreo even though the guy working there makes fun of us for the weird combo. Service is friendly and relatively fast considering they make the food somewhat fresh.
4	This is good stuff!! I went to the location on Tropicana and ordered the garlic romano fries and a pastrami dog. Both were very good. The pastrami was juicy and tender and the fries had a good flavor on their own. No ketchup needed. The owner, Brian or Bryan, was very friendly and seemed to love his job. When he took orders out, he would look at the food with admiration. Almost like he wanted to eat it himself! The guy next to me ordered a Gyro fry, which I didn't see on the menu.  It looked really good. Brian (Bryan) said that there were some new additions that were not on the menu. I should note that this is a small place with only four tables inside. They have the owner, who takes orders and gives the food out, and a cook behind the stove. So, if it gets a busy, you may have to wait a few minutes for your food, but it is definitely worth the wait.
4	Good Burgers,Great HotDogs(Sabretts) and Piled High Pastrami!!I went here after a fellow tweeter recommended  it as the BEST burger OFF the Strip in Las Vegas.(RE:RT @Spcialt:--Best Off Strip burger is Sammy's Dog Shack!)It's a cute little shack in the Food4Less parking lot-they have a small outdoor patio area and a drive-thru so it's mostly take-out.We ordered a hot dog, a patty melt and an LA pastrami with an order of Garlic Romano fries and a Large Lemonade=$28!The service was great-fast & friendly-we sat outside and ate since it was a cool afternoon(rare in Las Vegas in August)The food was great, the portions were huge-The biggest PAstrami sandwich I have seen. THe hotdog was great and the patty melt was good too. NOT the BEST burger in Las VEgas but damn good.NEXT trip I'm trying the Ribeye Sandwich & a Fruit Smoothie!!
4	Wow!  Now I know what the perfect chili-cheese fries are supposed to taste like.  Huge portion, tons of chili, not too spicey and gooey cheese.  My patty melt was also ginormous and delicious.Wide variety of foods and drinks for such a small location.  The owner was very nice and even offered a free drink when I told him I found the place on Yelp. Some things are a bit pricey, but with the huge portions and great taste, no big deal.  I will definately be back.  Yumm!
5	I am so happy I FINALLY found a decent pastrami sandwich.  They give you so much for the price and it was nice and thinly sliced with a fabulous taste.  I also got the garlic-romano fries--WOW!! I also ordered the chicago style dog.  I really like Sabrett hot dogs. They have the best menu--something for everyone, a junk food junkies dream place!!
4	What a great local find off the strip! I was sooo famished and stopped there before going shopping at the International Market on Decatur! Now I'm from Chicago orginally so I love a good Hot Dog (Vienna's) !    So I decided on a Pastrami dog with garlic parm fries and a fresh strawberry lemonade. It was so good I had to take a pic and facebook it haha. Yes it is a diet sin! (I don't care BTW) absolutly everyone was drooling over the pictures lol.  Going to try other Menu items soon!
4	My bro took me after we were shown our new crib in Vegas.  I already decided that it was gonna be a Rueben due to teh name of the place.My bro got the patty melt and my dad got the philly cheese steak.The Rueben was loaded with pastrami and served with kraut , pickles, cheese and a buttered toasted bun.  The large Reuben was around 8 bucks and was worth every dollar.  Nice and toasty bun filled with a lot of pastrami.  Service was great with the owner upgrading out drink sizes for free and always checking up on us.  This is a nice little shack off the strip but serving up good food.
3	Being a fan of most sandwich's I visited this place after hearing about it from a friend. Unfortunately for me the first 3 times I visited this location it was closed. They seemed to have had some staffing issues... Finally on the 4th visit they were open. Having heard the place has "The Best" Pastrami around I of course had to order it. The wait for out food was rather long but it was to be expected when you have people who are waiting in front of you. I also ordered some of their famous garlic fries. I can honestly say this place is nothing special compared to some of the other pastrami sandwich's I have had this one doesn't really stand out above the rest. Overall the food was decent and the price was reasonable. I would eat there again if I could ever find it open and was craving a sandwich.
4	This is the third time that I've been to Sammy's and I haven't reviewed it yet. I decided to get the breaded mushrooms and the pastrami dog. The bf ordered the pastrami burger. The mushrooms were ok, I wasn't too impressed. I really liked my pastrami dog. The pastrami was easy to eat and the hot dog was tasty. The pastrami burger looked so overwhelming that I did not try it, but I heard it was really good. Overall, I think that even though its a bit pricey for the type of food, it's a good splurge every once in awhile.
4	Sammy's L.A. Pastrami has been getting quite a bit of attention lately.  Not bad for a tiny little shack that is mostly drive through.  At this particular location, there is a outside walk up window and a few outdoor tables when the weather permits.  On this occasion, the Las Vegas winds decided that we were eating in our car!The Husband went for the original - The L.A. Pastrami "Our famous Pastrami, mustard & pickles on a steak roll." (Large $8.99)  This is one super large sandwich and really should not be consumed by just one person.  They steamed the pastrami before giving it to us and therefore, the bread was a bit soggy from all the pastrami sitting on it.  It sat open faced and really is a crazy thing to get into your mouth.  The Husband really enjoyed the thin slices of beef, whereas I prefer the thicker grizzlier slices served elsewhere.  I also prefer my bread more on the crustier end than the soft side.We also shared their signature fries - Garlic Romano (Med. $3.99).  We really enjoyed their fries, and I would be willing to drive there just for the fries.  They are thin, so much crispier based on the outer to inner ratio.  Initially, I was skeptical since I saw the guy sprinkle the fries with the seasoning and thought that was all there was to their fries.  But it's really the thinness that makes them more unique.It's a pretty huge menu - tons of really bad food that I'm sure will contribute to a rising blood pressure and cholesterol level.  Nonetheless, one must indulge every now and then.  I want to check out their chili cheese fries next.They are going to be featured on the Food Network soon, and I asked the guy working about it but he had no idea what show it was or going to be on.  Oh well.
4	Heard about this place from Yelp Talk in several threads and decided to give it a shot today for lunch.I had the Pastrami Burger and and order of Small Fries.  The Pastrami Burger was very tasty.  The only thing I would change is add more mustard....I like a lot of mustard with Pastrami.  The order of fries were huge for a small....enough for 2 people.  The fries were ok, not great.There are so many other things on the menu that I want to try that I will definitely come back.  Next time, I will try one of the Hot Dogs.
4	I've been here twice in the last week. Yes it is a little shack on Decatur but don't let that fool you. The food is great! I had the Hot Pastrami the first time and the Philly Cheese Steak today with the beer battered onion rings. All of it was very good. Don't forget to wash it down with the Strawberry Lemonade. Good Service with a little small talk. Isn't that what it's all about?
4	Oh god! My first stop when I get to Vegas.  This is one of those places that you PRAY hasn't closed from the bad economy.The chicken wings are killer.  The lemonade. The pastrami sandwich.  What's not to love?  A little non-descript shack, that looks too small to have one item, let alone 50!  The guy that works there says many people drive straight to Sammy's as soon as they get there. Which means I'm not the only loser to crave salty, hot, greasy fried food every once in a while.
4	This place is so small. I almost missed it. But the food was really good. It reminded me of an old school drive in with delicious greasy burgers. I had the pastrami burger and my wife got the big ass bacon burger and the parmesan garlic fries. It was all really good but the part I thought was the best was the fresh strawberry lemonade. I would go back just for the lemonade. All in all I will be going again just to try more things on the huge menu.
4	awesome place. love the pastrami love the garlic romano fries. tons of stuff on the menu I have yet to try.  the fries alone to me are worth the trip there.
4	Another great recommend from the LV Yelpsters.  I used to live right around the corner from here for 5 years and never went because my son doesn't like pastrami..go figure the 1 NYer who doesn't. Between my pal in NY posting pics on FB of Grey's Papaya and the Bobby Flay vs. Pink's hot dog throwdown, I was craving a good NYC style dirty dog.  After looking at the menu and seeing the NY dog with Sabbret's onion in red sauce was on there..we jumped in our hoopty and scooted to Sammies.  I have to say the only thing that kept them a 4**** instead of a 5***** was the drive though window.  Additionally my son had never had authentic NY style custard either (deprived since we moved to Vegas when he was 2) so he was eager to try the shakes.  He will never go back to ice cream again. Our 1st order was the NY Dog & the Bacon dog (he's a boy, 'nuff said).  Delicious!!  the only thing and perhaps because they are not NYers..is they put the toppings on backwards.  Kraut first then onion sauce so it can run down through the kraut and get mixed in.  by the 2nd dog, they were educated. LMAO. the 2nd time we skipped the drive thru and went straight for the window.  How can you possibly put a "Big ASS bacon cheese burger" on the menu and not expect a foodie to try it?  he did..was a tad overwhelmed and truly paid for it the next day consuming 3 large bottles of aquafina. ...then we went back for the 3rd day in a row.  oh no..not content with just their delicious and authentic hot dogs.  We had to try their Chipotle burger & a gyro.  Both perfection.  No more chain burger places for us..worth the drive from the Lakes to lower Spring Valley for such good food.  Can't wait for the cooler temps so we can sit out on their lovely patio and watch Decatur drive by.  If you are looking for cheap but well made fast food without having to chase down a food truck..try Sammy's.
5	Pastrami Fries are the best
5	So i have frequented this establishment a few times and can't believe I haven't yelped it!  Sorry for lagging...... So here's the dealio, the BEST pastrami so far in vegas!  Bun is great, meat is tasty, just a good solid samich..... I like my pastrami a little medium well (but that's just me)For a good fix, this is it!Gonna try the Reuben next and the Pastrami burger..... when ordering flavored fries, you may want to order "light" seasoning as it gets a bit much on there.... Talking about it is making me hungry, gonna have to get some for lunch now....   Til next time, happy eating!
4	Don't take this the wrong way but I am not a hug fan of the pastrami. It's good but not the Hat of L.A. good.The rest of the menu on the other hand more then makes up for this. Unbelievable garlic fries. Absolutely killer burgers and dogs.
1	If I could give NO STARS, I would.  The person who took my order was totally rude. Service is HORRIBLE!  It is a hole in the wall in a really "bad" part of town!  It is an outside shack with 5 or 6 outside tables (which were filthy) with umbrellas.They charge high end restaurant prices for unbelievably BAD food.  $10.00 (w/tax) for Philly Cheese Steak sandwich.  It was totally greasy and gross.  Fries were the same.AVOID THIS PLACE LIKE THE PLAGUE!
5	Tasty, greasy deliciousness - my favorite kind of food! (Well maybe not, but one of them!)Anyways, I went here for the first time today with my girlfriend. We get there and the menu seems even larger then it was online (which is already HUGE). There were so many choices it, it was fantastic and overwhelming at the same time. We ended up on getting a Big Ass Bacon Cheeseburger and the Pastrami Fries.So, first brought out were the fries. Picture this: delicious, crunchy fries, then topped with meaty chili, then a layer of succulent pastrami, then loaded with cheddar cheese on top (not done yet!), then onions and jalapenos! I put my fork in, got a piece of everything, took a bite and was in heaven. Absolute deliciousness, and every bite was just as good as the first. Oh and I forgot to mention, the plate/basket was huge! That could have filled both of us alone, and it was only the medium!A few minutes later, the burger was brought out. Two 1/4 pound patties, 12 (yes, 12!) pieces of bacon and a quarter pound worth of cheese. A delicious, hulking monstrosity. The only downside was that the burger meat could have been better, and the bacon wasn't very crispy, otherwise it would have been perfect (well, a little bit of some bbq sauce perhaps, then perfection status).So, to break it down, the fries were easily 5 stars, the burger was 3.5 to 4, the "decor" 5 (reminds me of Pinks in LA and Maxwell's Street in Chicago (both places I grew up in) and service was fine as well.So overall, a 5, and I'm already looking forward to going back again (though I do have leftovers in the fridge...
3	I was working the Moms and Munchkins consignment sale and needed a quick bite. I found this place nearby AND they had a BoGo coupon in the 2011 Entertainment Coupon book. On the advice of other Yelpers we knew to call ahead and we knew the portions were large. My friend and I both had the Chicken Ranch Club but substituted the fried chicken for grilled, and shared a small garlic fries. As expected the sandwich was large and the small fry order was plenty for two. Flavor was great on the sandwich, fries were crispy and garlic flavor was noticeable but not over powering. The only negative was the drippy ranch dressing. Good flavor addition, but get extra napkins! I was really surprised at how extensive the menu was considering the size of the building. I wonder how they manage!
5	If you've been eating right for the past month, the past week, the past 24 hours,  Sammy's LA pastrami is the place to have the best cheat day ever.  Their burgers are monstrous, I'm a guy who can put away 30 wings from hooters EASY! And one burger from Sammy's gets me ridiculously FULL! It might be around $9 bucks for a burger but it's worth every penny.  5 stars for it's friendly service, free sides of ranch and cucumber sauce and free refills!
5	If you want fries in your burger or burgers in your fries, then i suggest sammys! The pastrami is one of the best ive tasted in vegas. But not only that, everything on the menu is good so you cant go wrong if its your first time. i always get the Chipotle Burger with garlic fries on the side. This burger consists of 2 beef patties with cheese in between each, shoe string fries, an over-easy egg, bacon and chipotle ketchup sauce. The service is always good and the workers are proud of what they make. This is one whole-in-the-wall that will leave you satisfied.
5	This place is a shack in the middle of a plaza but please dont be driven away by the outward appearance!!This place has an amazing eye popping mouth watering menu!! I got the Chicken ranch sandwich with small Cajun cheese fries. They both were large portions, more than I could finish by myself. Everything was fresh!! Make sure you have plenty of napkins for the Chicken sandwich because it drips!! The cheese fries were very good but I wish they would have added more cheese!!All in all I will go back to this tiny shack and enjoy another great meal!!
4	OMGosh, this place is unbelievably generous with their portions. So my best friend and his sister decided to try this place out, after seeing all the pictures on yelp I wanted to see if the pictures lived up to TASTE. I ordered the L.A. style Pastrami Burger, which consisted of pastrami, pickles, mustard, and a burger patty.  I specially customized it with an egg for extra flavor.  The burger was good, but it wasn't great.  I thought it could use a little more salt or something.  I felt it lacked something, like a kick.  Also added to my lunch was GARLIC FRIES! OMGoshhhh! It was good, I've never had a garlicy flavored, garlic fries before.  This has been the first, and I would definitely return for the fries. The menu is huge, it makes you contemplate for a while and they do have homemade lemonade.  The service here is pretty slow, but the lady is super nice.  She made us feel welcomed, I just wish there was heater since the only seatings were outside.
2	My boyfriend showed me the menu for this place, and it seemed like a place that could potentially end up on Diners, Drive Ins, and Dives, so we went to give it a try. We ordered the big ass bacon cheeseburger, and pastrami fries to share. The food probably took around 20 minutes to make, so I got kind of annoyed while waiting. I kept telling myself it would be worth it. I wanted to try the burger because it had 12 pieces of bacon on it, and as a bacon lover, it looked pretty awesome.When we got the food, I dug into the pastrami fries first. The fries themselves were perfectly cooked. They were crispy and delicious. The pastrami they used was a little low quality and more on the fatty side, but I still thought that they were pretty good. The portion was huge, and I think 3 people could have shared it. They could have melted the cheese better onto the fries, but it's okay; I didn't mind too much. We also added jalapenos onto the fries for a spicy kick.Then, we started on the burger. It was the moment I was waiting for, and we cut it in half, and I took a bite. It was so overcooked that the meat was grey. I'm not even kidding. It was really low quality meat as well, probably the same quality as taco bell. It wasn't seasoned at all, and it was all around gross! The cheese had a weird taste to it; the menu said it was cheddar, but I've never had cheddar cheese that tasted like that. When I took a bite with the bacon in it, I literally wanted to spit it out. It was not crispy at all. I thought since we waited 20 minutes, the bacon would be nice and crispy, but no dice. It was fatty and disgusting. I did not eat more than a couple of bites. I do want to come back here and sample other stuff on the menu because the place deserves a second chance. Maybe they were just having an off day, who knows.
3	Ok, this is definitely boy food! It's messy, greasy and enormous.I can't say I'm totally in love with this place. The few times I've come here, I've thought the same thing... It's pretty good, but not great.On one occasion I showed up at the drive thru to pick up some lunch around 11:25 and no one was there. The sign clearly said they opened at 11, so I waited a bit and finally gave up. Not sure what happened then, but most other days they have great service, so I'm pretty sure that wasn't typical.I have tried quite a few items and haven't been entirely impressed with any of  them. I know many people won't agree with me. They have a wide variety of food for such a small place. They are very popular and I know many of my friends are big fans.There just seems to be something missing every time I've gone. I'm not sure what, but there is an extra flavor needed to almost everything. I daresay salt, but I'm no expert.You better be hungry if you come here. The portions are large and in charge. Be prepared.
4	I finally ate here after the many times I've seen it in passing. While we were waiting for it to open I was looking at all the numerous food options. Everything looked good! I narrowed down my choice to a Bacon Dog regular ($3.29). It was a hot dog with bacon, mayo, grilled onions, jalapenos and tomato. It was really tasty ! My husband and I shared the regular Romano Garlic Fries ($3.99). They were skinny shoestring fries that were fried to perfection and they weren't overly salty. This was big enough to share. My husband had the Chili Dog ($2.99)...I didn't try it because I don't really like chili. We also shared a large frozen lemonade to go with our meal. It was a little tart ...so you might want to try the lemonade mixes to balance it out. It was still really good and would be great during a sizzling Las Vegas day!
4	Food is legit. We here for lunch and got a pastrami w/ garlic fries and a drink.
5	I had the new Pastrami Melt today...it was awesome!And yes it is a small shack off the street of Decatur Blvd. Motuth full of meat YUM!!!! Clean ,fresh and friendly. Mositure from grandmom house. As we;; tje handmade homemade lemonade fresh strawberry, Cherry or Pomegranate  sm 2.29/med #.29 and Lg 4.29 nice size cups. Try  it  frozen  as well the price is 30 cents more on all sizes. The creamy custard shakes WOOOO!!!!!! all favors sm 4.99 med 6.69 and lg 7.99 very pricey for the shakes but good.  www.sammydogs.com on 219east Tropicana Ave. 702-736-1698h Decatur 702-44-747. Call for store hours etc. Also try the fry plates/Sammy's Wings/Chilli Fries/ Gyros and tons of yummy Sandwiches & Juices burgers & The dogs from Chicago dogs to Bratwurst, Polish sauage, Bacon dog and the Fire Dog is a firer that's water can't put out  and the fries, the gyros, fry plates, chicken baskets,Gyros, Sandwiches dogs, lineup of drinks just a lineup of tons of great awesome favors of food that ROCKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! GO just go and enjoy because i did enjoy .
5	i gave 5 stars becuase ive eatin here more than once  and its always good.but the last 2 times ive tried to call in an order. NO ONE ANSWERS!!!!!!!!fffffffffffffuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
5	I ate here for the first time and it was worth the money..... I got the 'Zombie Burger' which consists of 3 1/4 lb beef patties, bratwurst, pastrami, bacon, onions, and peppers..... The whole thing stood at least 6 inches tall.... definitely going back soon. Oh yeah and the zombie burger costs $11
4	I've passed this place a million times, and thanks to Yelp, I finally tried it out this past Sunday.The menu is packed with a bunch of munchy appetizing delights!I had the LA Pastrami Sandwich, small garlic fries and large chocolate/banana custard shake. Everything was fabulous, except for the fries...because they forgot them!I was too lazy to go back to claim the fries. I'll mention it to them the next time I go, sometime this week. Depending on how they deal with that issue will either cost or gain them a star.
3	Went to Sammy's LA Pastrami after work with a coworker, as he wanted to try this place out based on mostly positive feedbacks on Yelp.  I have driven past this place for awhile, but just never had the urge to try food served out of basically a shack in the strip mall.Anyway, when we arrived, there were a few patrons there already and also a lady in line in front of us that highly recommends the Cherry Frozen Lemonade.  So we each order one to try for ourselves (I went with the Strawberry and my coworker got the Pomegranate), I didn't think the Strawberry flavor one I ordered was any good, but his Pomegranate flavor one was good.For food I went with the Pastrami Burger (single patty), and he ordered the Pastrami Fries.  The burger itself was just okay, and the pastrami was lacking in flavor for a place that features it on the name of the restaurant.  The Pastrami Fries comes with what I considered pretty good fries, but the lackluster pastrami kind of killed it for me.  In the end the consensus we agreed upon is that the food here is better than most fast food restaurants, but it is below most diners.Seatings is outdoors under the umbrella, which is fine when the weather is not super hot like right now, but I can't imagine hanging out too long under the hot sun during the summer.So I like to give it 2.5 stars, but that is still not an option, but just a 2 stars would be too low.  So generously rounding up Sammy's LA Pastrami gets a 3 stars from me.  But I doubt I would be back for anything other than the occasional Pomegranate Frozen Lemonade, which I know I can make easily at home with just a quick trip to the supermarket.
3	I've been craving some quality pastrami for a few weeks now and decided after work to hungrily roll up to Sammy's excited to check what this tiny shack on Durango x Flamingo has to offer.. I ordered some pastrami garlic fries and the homie/coworker ordered the pastrami burger. After eating our meal me and my coworker were pondering whether to get something else to eat elsewhere after eating our food. We contemplate heading back to work to eat at employee dining even. Haha. Portions were mediocre by Las Vegas standards. Highlight was probably the Pomegranate slushie drink. It trys to serve diner food minus the diner experience and service but the food ranks slightly above the mainstream fast food chains that similarly serve the same type of food. But! At the very least, if you're gonna have pastrami in your name, your pastrami game better be tight and live up to the hype! Which alas, it doesn't. Sort of bland and flavorless. I'm kinda sad, I had high hopes for you Sammy's. I was expecting you to be something like the Hat's (out in Los Angeles) little brother. Ah well.
5	This place rocks. Great quality and service. Price is fair. To the person who says this does not compare to the  Hat in LA..You are correct. There is no comparison. Sammy's is much better.Our group ordered Chicago Dogs, Pastrami, Classic bacon cheese burgers and garlic fries. Yum....
5	One of the best burger joints I've been to in a while. No strings attached, just great food at a decent price. No frills, everything is cooked in a little shack while the dining room is out under the Las Vegas sun. I've been there countless times, and I have yet to be disappointed.
5	*****Entertainment guide...buy one get one free meal coupon***** Save money baby!Wowzers! I have lived maybe 4 blocks away from Sammy's for the last 3 years and now just finally had the chance to check it out only because a friend suggested we go. I have passed by a kazillion times and never even noticed this place!! Damn, I have been missing out these last few years, on the other hand not knowing of them probably saved me an extra few pounds! HaHa. Ok so on to the yummy yummy!I had the awesome opportunity to order the LA style Pastrami sandwich, an order of garlic fries and a cherry lemonade!Mmmmm Nummy is all I can say!!!!!!!!!The quality and portions are great so the prices are a bit higher.I have had wet dreams since that meal I had, sooooo good. I wish everyone could experience this place once in their Vegas lifetime.I want more...the menu is out of this world.
4	With only 5 tables, this is a grab-and-go type of place. Two of us shared a regular-sized Pastrami combo with a large Mango Lemonade. Our table of 8 also split The Three Squares Fry. The Pastrami combo was spot-on. The Mango Lemonade was perfectly tangy with a strong mango flavor. The fries were a little too salty for my taste (probably because of the bacon and pastrami juices), but the fries were deliciously crispy. The portions were huge and sharing is a must!
3	Their mango lemonade was perfect for the hot Vegas weather. Love their pastrami combo.  The three square fry was way too salty (although it was quite delish and HUGE portion). good spot for a quick bite.
2	So being as Elite Emily is in LA this weekend, I'm forced to come up with my own culinary adventures. As I was pondering what to have for lunch, I remember our mutual friend Josh raving about Sammy's Pastrami. Mmmm yummy. Pastrami is for pastra-ME.Now, for anyone who lives/ed in Simi Valley (or select locations in So Cal) they've surely had pastrami from The Hat. Sammy's is to the Hat as a Yugo is to a Mercedes.When I first pulled up to this shack (yes, it's a little hut), I was surprised that there was only outdoor dining. I didn't expect lavish dining rooms and fine china, obviously, but I would have liked to sit inside. But the weather was nice, and I really wanted to try it, so I sat outside facing the world's crappiest drivers headed down Decatur Blvd.I ordered what I usually order at The Hat, a Pastrami Burger, no cheese. As I looked over the side options, I asked, "Do the fries come with that?" Nope.Gack. Everything is a la carte.Envisioning the dollar signs quickly spinning in my head, I ordered a small Smokehouse BBQ fries and a medium cherry lemonade, since the LVRJ nominated it for best lemonade. Can't be too bad, right?Total, for one person, for lunch = $15.51.Double gack. Double gack and ack, even. Thank god there were generous people checking in to the hotel last night and I had tip money to use. Still. no one meal, especially for lunch, should be $15 from a food shack.I sat outside sipping my cherry lemonade, watching drivers on Decatur attempt to kill each other via vehicular manslaughter. Their lemonade was nominated for best in Las Vegas? Maybe it's just me, but lemonade should be tart, even with added flavors. This was too sweet. I wasn't totally pleased.When the Smokehouse BBQ fries came out, I looked at... a basket of fries.Triple gack. Really? If I pay $2.99 for a small basket of Smokehouse BBQ fries, I expect a little more than fries thrown around in the same BBQ-esque seasoning that gets on your fingers from BBQ LAY'S F***ING POTATO CHIPS!!!!!Oh, by the way, no service. They just bring it out to you. Ketchup? Hah. Napkins? Two tucked into the basket, hope they last!When the pastrami burger arrived, it was okay. Nothing like The Hat, which is like the deli scene from "When Harry Met Sally" acting out on your taste buds. This pastrami burger was more like the remake of "Land of the Lost" -- mildly tasty in some parts but mostly forgettable. The pastrami was fresh, but the rest of it lacked.And it was greasy. Hoo boy, was it greasy. Like, squeeze it on your axles greasy. Like, slick back an entire mob cartel's hair greasy. It didn't drip, it flowed. I'm fine with greasy, but this was too much. All in all, the food saved it from being a 1-star. But there's much better pastrami in Las Vegas. Bagelmania, a deli on the east side of the strip, is one place. I'm sure there's more out there. Somewhere.All I know for certain is that I'm going to get a second opinion when Josh recommends food.
5	This is a small little shack looking place that I found by accident one day. They have a wide variety of hot dogs and burgers. They're pretty awesome too! My personal fave is the parstrami dog! Im not to sure if its on the menu but the guys just makes it kinda like a personalized order (which I love btw) its a hot dog with pastrami on top, light mayo, relish, avocado and, bacon bitz. Its soo gooood! But believe it or not I usually come for one particular thing....fried mushrooms! My all time fave since I can remember! Its mushrooms dipped in batter then deep fried. Its like a party in tour mouth :) lol they come ik n small, medium, or larger and they also have an option to get 3 appitizers for $8 which is a good deal in my opinion. Overall everything on the menu is worth trying. Excellent service and most important GOOOOOD FOOD :)
2	After many great reviews here I had high expectations for Sammy's. I went in at 7 pm on a Thursday and the place was staffed with one hardworking individual - working the kitchen, register, drive-thru, etc. It's almost like they don't plan on doing much business at dinner.I waited about ten minutes to place and order and I went for the Philly Cheesesteak and an order of Garlic Romano fries. I knew it would be too much food but I wanted to try each. I also wanted iced tea but the dispenser was empty so I went with a bottled water.The Philly was good and greasy as I anticipated. The regular size (smallest) is a good size, well stuffed sandwich. I like how the steak, peppers, onions and cheese are all mixed together - the cheese isn't just ladled on top. The greasy flavor, however, was a bit too much for me. I felt more like I was eating the char and grease of the grill vs. the flavors of my own sandwich.  I wouldn't order this item again.As for the fries they were good but I had hoped for something a bit more from scratch. The shoestring, extra-starched for crispiness fries are frozen, food distributor fries. Instead of fresh garlic, Romano and parsley it appears they use an off the shelf mix containing all three. Instead of hitting a home run with the fries they simply get on base.I'm sure other menu items are better, and I may try again, but this time I was simply underwhelmed.
5	WHERE: Located on Decatur & Flamingo (in the same plaza/area where food4less is at).WHEN: Monday-Wednesday, 10:30am-7pm. Thursday, 10:30am-9pm. Friday, 10am-10pm, Saturday-Sunday, 11am-8pm.Sammy's L.A. Pastrami is known for their pastrami sandwiches & burgers, which has been placed on hold on my "to-try" list! They also serve handmade lemonades, hotdogs, and fries!This small joint deserves way more credit than it gets!! One of my homegirls, @Jessica, recommended this place to me about a week ago. Since then, I've been TRYING to wait patiently until the day I finally get to test it out! This was it!It is a family-runned business and I got to speak with one of the family members (shout out to Brian!). First and foremost, the service was incredible! Brian was indeed USEFUL, FUNNY, & COOL!! He was extremely patient with my friend and I (since I was a newbie, I was asking a bunch of questions. Lol) So... be nice!! =)& TO THE FOOD: On this journey I got to try...-Pastrami dog: a beef dog with mustard, cheese, & pastrami on top! Absolutely unique & tasty!*There are more dogs @ the Decatur location if that's what you are craving =)*-Fried Zucchini & Mushrooms w/ranch: C'mon now, who has fried mushrooms?!! BOMB!! & this was also the first time I've tried fried zucchini, DOUBLE BOMB!-Garlic Romano fries: Extreme crisp perfection! The fries are also perfect size. There are small, medium, and large options (they are pretty generous servings, so you'll get your money's worth!)-Handmade Pomegranate Lemonade:  This definitely caught my attention!! =D While we were waiting for our food to be made, our drinks were given to us (AND REFILLS WERE INSISTED!- THAT DESERVES A 6TH STAR IN MY BOOK). Zestyyyy!The menu is beautiful, the descriptions will surely make your mouth water, and the food is definite REALITY! Enjoy!!
3	Really good, for what it is. 1 huge plus they get is that they make almost EVERYTHING from scratch in their little hut. Especially a lot of their "special" sauces which I thought were creative, well thought out & above all delicious. I'm not a huge fan of pastrami so I had a steak sandwich which was delicious, even if incredibly over-sized. I shared a large & a small would have been more than enough for us both.
2	This place used to have a pretty good Italian combo sandwich.  Now it is pretty awful. The Italian sausage was about the size of a breakfast link, and had no heat or flavor to it at all.  The beef was underseasoned, as was the au jus.  The giardinera used to be authentic Chicago, then they started making their own, which was not as good, but still decent.  Now it is basically shredded carrots with no spice or flavor at all.Also, it took almost 25 minutes to get a sandwich and fries.  The employee working there was not friendly, had to repeat back/correct my order about 5 times, and was slow.  This place has definitely gone down hill.
5	This place, man o man o man.... I just can't.... LOL.... The best burgers in town, the best pastrami I have ever had... amazing!! I am currently trying to eat everything on the menu as nothing I have had is anything short of amazing. These guys know food folks! period! When you say large, they mean LARGE. Thier regular size everything is larger then most places extra large portion. It's simply incredible quality as well! The bread, the bacon, the spices, the sauces all fresh, yes all fresh!!! Then you try the shakes... OMFG. The shakes are so good, if you put some on the top of your head, your own tongue would beat you to death trying to get at it! Simply the best place in all of Vegas for burgers etc. Enough said.
5	There is nothing on their menu that I do not like. Me and a friend actually go there once a month and gorge out!!!! Best poppers I have ever had. Fresh lemonade that only is perfect for a hot summer day. Great service. Met the owner and he is what makes small businesses great.I tell everyone that I know in Vegas to go and hit up that spot.
3	As a Chicago food aficionado, I walked in and was overwhelmed by the menu.  As we waited (there were 3 of us) for 20 minutes, the food coming out to the others (6) in the restaurant looked huge, greasy, and amazing.  I would have given 4 stars, if it were not for the price and the wait....  $15 for a sandwich, fries, and drink.  Ouch.I appreciate the fact that the lemonade was from real lemons, and the giardinera was homemade, and the italian beef was well stuffed, but $15 seemed like a bit much, especially when considering the seating and tables have not seen a dime in upgrades or maintenance in a decade or more.  I know it takes time and money to make good food from good ingredients, but a few bucks and a few minutes less would have been nice.
4	I love this place. I got the bacon burger (extra crispy please), fries and a medium shake. I love me some shake. So when you go to any place to get a shake these days you get a small plastic cup with a dome lid that is filled with whip cream and their claim is it's made with real ice cream..WHAT A JOKE!! You go here and ask for a shake you get a damn shake!! The medium was huge! My buddy got the large and he said it was like doing the 1 gallon of milk in 1 hour challenge. He couldn't finish it!The only reason this place is lacking the 5th star is it can be a bit pricey for having to sit outside in the elements.
4	I was never so happy to have Boiling Crab closed in my life!Originally wanted to go to lunch at BC but, since we came an hour before their opening we decided to have "appetizers" at this spot. Homies would talk about this place and how great it was so, really wanted to give it a SAMPS (try).For a hole-in-an-(outside)-wall, this place had a ridiculously big menu!They had appetizers, hot dogs, sandwiches, burgers, homemade lemonade(S), and even "menu sized" starters.And when I mean "menu sized," I think they had 1/2 lbs of rib eye in their fries...YES, in their fries. I couldn't believe...just the thought...OMG!I didn't wanna ruin my appetite too much so, I shared the italian sausage hot dog. There was so much peppers, onions, and cheese on it that I couldn't even see the italian sausage itself. And it came with some kind of dipping sauce (au jus).My friend took the 1st bite and was blown away. Me, on the other hand, am not a fan of hot dogs or italian sausage but, my 1st bite blew me away!The sausage was so flavorful and it tasted more like a pizza than a hot dog. And I LOVE PIZZA!!!!After that initial bite, I wanted to order my own dog...but, knowing me...I know I wouldn't have an appetite for BC.It was a beautiful, cool, and sunny day in LV so, it did seem like LA when we were eating under their umbrellas! Then I figured why they call it "LA-style..." I just need to really SAMPS (try) their pastrami....I mean, it is in the name.
5	Best Pastrami sandwich in town, our entire office loves the Pastrami combo!
4	Congratulations Sammy's, you have officially earned another star from me!I came here today with my fella because we had an Entertainment book coupon to use. I ordered the chipotle steak burger and my fella got the steak sandwich. I really enjoyed the spiciness of my burger. It was fantastic! I really wish the burger was slightly less overcooked, but the flavors of the steak, egg and chipotle sauce made up for that in my mind. My fella thoroughly enjoyed his sandwich as well, but agreed that the star of the show was my burger. I think I will try the chipotle steak sandwich the next time. The prices can be pretty high if you don't have a coupon, but I have seen quite a few coupons available so I recommend finding one before you head to Sammy's.
4	Yum! My first time visiting Sammy's and I was excited to try it out. We chose to go to the drive-thru and the guy working the window was very friendly and passed us a car menu. So many choices!!! How do they make so much in that little space?! I decided to go with the Italian Beef Burger. Basically a burger loaded with hot Italian Beef on top and onions and peppers. This was really good although I must say I wasn't all that impressed with the quality of the burger itself. I may have to try it on a different sandwich though because this one was way more italian beef than burger. My girlfriend ordered the steak sandwich and she seemed pleased. The standout for us was the Sweet Potato Fries... easily some of the best sweet potato fries I have ever had. Especially when they came out hot to us. We also ordered a medium Strawberry Lemonade which was nice and refreshing.Downfall for me is price vs quality. As with many places I felt that the quality of the food could have been a little better considering the price.Total meal was about $27. That's one burger, one steak sandwich, fries and one drink. A bit steep if you ask me. For almost the same price we could have gone to Bachi Burger and gotten a much better quality meat in my burger. However, the staff was friendly, the food came out hot and the don't get me wrong... it was good! When I say the food quality could have been better I am not saying that it tasted bad!Seeing as how I live so close to this place now, I can definitely see myself heading back. Especially with such a great menu and for those amazing Sweet Potato Fries!
3	Who doesn't love a little rinky dink joint that locals know about with good food? Seriously. Find me the person who dislikes that. They need to be avoided at all costs. I was told by multiple people that this was the nice little hole in the well (or tiny trailer in a parking lot, as it were) that would handle my pastrami cravings. By the way. I love PASTRAMI. Its something that helps restore my faith in the universe. So after all the hype, how was Sammy's? Ehh. It's not bad by any stretch.Nor does my previous use of rinky dink work against it. I'm an east coast city guy. Some of the best spots are rinky dink. No, the problem with Sammy's is that they spent all the time and effort pushing fries and other things that are allright, but kind of left the real star in the background. That being the pastrami. The thing in their name. Yes, they DO have pastrami. Yes, it's pretty good pastrami. It's sort of like going to a movie and seeing your favorite actor die halfway through. You just feel a little disappointed and "ehh" about it. I know there are people who LOVE the fries. I did not. They were okay. I know people love their other items. I just shrug my shoulders. It's called Sammy's PASTRAMI & Burgers (I take no issue with the burger part, as they were apparently pretty good). It's not Sammys Assorted Fatty Foods.On top of this the website was incorrect about the hours  (their OWN website, that is). The guy working the shack was rude. The prices were a bit on the high side. In conclusion, would people please learn that Reuben is just one style for pastrami? I don't need 1000 Island and cole slaw for every.....single...pastrami...item. Not that Sammy's is especially at fault for this one particularly, but they're not helping either.
3	Really really good Italian Beef! it was the perfect day to sit outside and enjoy lunch!
4	If your ever on a hunt for a Pastrami then you have to make your way to Sammy's!!!  This place is AMAZING when it comes to burgers and sandwiches, gyro's and the like but it's the Pastrami that takes the cake!  I mean, it's in the name so I guess it has to be good!  I have now noticed that I have used a lot of exclamation points in the last few sentences, I gotta say when I talk about this place I get a little excited.  haha! So I've had a few things on the menu, but if you go you have to try the Pastrami sandwich or Pastrami Burger, you won't be sorry.  The garlic fries are awesome and they really have a good selection of drinks, I like their flavored iced tea's myself.  You pretty much can't go wrong with whatever you order.  The prices are moderate if you are going to get a full meal but it is well worth the price, and if you leave here hungry it's your own fault, shame on you.  It's a little stand/drive thru right next to Boiling Crab that has seating outside.  It doesn't look like much really but I think that the places like that usually are the best in terms of lick your fingers deliciousness are usually the hole in the wall joints.  They close pretty early usually around 9-10 so get there early.  I have to say this is one of my favorite places for a good sandwich.
2	I love the idea of Sammy's - a little food shack dishing out eats. It reminds me of joints in Chicago. Trouble is I haven't found any item that I love. I've had the pastrami and found it too salty same goes for the fries. The philly and italian beef aren't autthentic and they try with the chicago dog, but it's not the real deal. The gyro is one of the better items. The classic bacon cheeseburger I had today was terrible - rock hard bun, uncooked bacon. Service can be reasonably quick or painfully slow. It's 2.5 star sort of experience. OK for when you're in the area, but not worth a special trip.
2	Maybe it was an anomalous day, or maybe they are in a death spiral. We got there and one over-worked immigrant fellow was manning the place. He manfully struggled to cook and cashier and serve the few meals being ordered. Things were in poor shape, the soda fountain was partly disassembled, and he couldn't make any of the specialty drinks or shakes. While serving us he told us, matter-of-factly, that he had been fired a few hours before. He was working (diligently) despite this. Weird. The food was fair to good. Pastrami was a B compared to stuff you can get on either coast, the fries, too. My son's hamburger looked a little blah. Sammy's need's to pull it together. At least as of summer, 2012.
4	Really really good, no skimping on loading the bun.  Unbelievable custard milkshakes and frozen lemonades.  I only wish I had more time on my stop in Vegas and room in my belly to eat more.  Go hungry to this dive.  So so good so you know it's not health food.  Great pastrami, get it on your hamburger and hot dog.
4	Best Pastrami Ruben I've had in Vegas... and the garlic fries are sensational. A better system for drive-thru would be helpful
4	Sammy's one the the best pastrami's I have ever had and I had a few..Its a little different the the typical New York sandwich which didnt bother me..The guy at the counter brian it off the wall and a little crazy. But very passionate about his food..he even gave us tips on other places to eat off the strip..The garlic fries were ok but in fresh garlic.the lemon aid was tasty..when you stop by you want to get it to go. Their is no were really to eat there couple table inside..and the tables outside were dirty..so get and go...the bottom line is the food great.
4	Excellent sandwiches and the servings were enormous, our lunch was so filly we skip dinner altogether...Garlic Fries a must!!!, Pastrami was most and deliscious, the ultimate hamber was a little dry thus the 4 stars, family of four fed easily ans cost was under $40.. pom lemonade was also refreshing in the 118 degree weatherHard to find little place!!!
4	This place could be hard to miss if you're not paying attention.  It's a tiny joint with a little outdoor seating in front of it.  We decided to hit this spot up before heading back to LA.  My brother and sister-in-law had been here before and they were craving the pastrami, as well as their strawberry lemonade slush.  Having said that, that's exactly what we ordered.  We ordered 1 XL and 1 L LA Pastrami, which comes with pickles, mustard, and provolone cheese, and 3 XL strawberry lemonade slush.  We also added a L order of garlic fries.  All in all, our total came out to around $50.  I thought it was pretty pricey at first but after I've had their pastrami, it made more sense to me.  The garlic fries were pretty good.  Not too salty and a lot of garlic flavor to it.  They're skinny type fries so that was different.  The strawberry lemonade slush was just as delicious as they said it was.  It wasn't too sweet, it wasn't too tart, and the flavor of the strawberries were present.  Lastly, the pastrami was amazing!  It wasn't too fatty but it was nice and juicy and the provolone was a nice touch.  The owner was pretty cool.  He claims there's a Sammy's in the valley somewhere in Pacoima being run by his sister but we figure it's no longer there because we couldn't find it anywhere on Yelp.  He also mentioned he had a falling out with her and haven't spoken to her in 10 years so the place may be gone.  Overall, I'd hit this place up again next time I'm in Vegas and I wouldn't mind trying other stuff on their menu!
4	Pretty good place to grab some food at. I ordered a pastrami burger and my gf had a pastrami sandwich, both were good for a small place like this. We also had an order of medium garlic fries, which is bigger than what we expected for the size, same for the lemonade also mediums. We took the food to go and surprisingly after a 15 minute drive the food was still good. The two people working there are super nice and friendly. Only downside is that it is a little pricey. About $29 for everything.
1	What a shame as my first review was a well deserved 5 Star rating!Oh Sammy baby...what has happened to you?I had been bragging to my boyfriend who is a big fan of anything Pastrami so we finally had the time to stop by and get our grub on...eh hem I mean attempt to.We walk up and place our order for two LA style pastrami sandwiches, order of garlic fries and a large soda. He says $30 dollars as I am handing him my two for one coupon he says "ugh" then says OK $20 dollars. Yes I shit you not he actually groaned "UGH" after presenting him with their coupon.Anyhow, I have a bad feeling from the start. This guy is sweating buckets, he is blinded by the sweat in his eyes that he drops our cup on the dirty ground and picks it up and fills it. Wow! He hands us our drink and says 20 minutes. He did not bother washing his hands after just handling our money as he begins throwing stuff on the grill for the order that is before ours.This guy clearly did not want to be here working that is for sure!We go and stand on the side of the building where the door to the kitchen is open, bad mistake as my bf started to add up all of the health violations. I was embarrassed as my experience picking up food here previously was a world of difference. Where was the mature sweet couple who was smiles behind the counter at? The people that were so full of life and excited to explain and suggest menu items? They are a thing of the past I suppose? :(I swear we waited 10 minutes and still our order had not been started and at that point all I could think of was how bad this guy needs a shower and how I will throw up if I see him touch my food with his bare hands after seeing him break health code upon health code violation.The kitchen was disgusting and not once did we see this guy wash his hands. His behavior was odd as well, he clearly was angered at having to work it seemed as he was slamming stuff around in the kitchen. We waited...waited...waited....and then I was to the point of just flat out disgusted so I walked right up to him and said I would like my money back as we have decided not to dine here. He said "how much you give me"? I replied 20.00 he reached into his pocket and gave me 20.00 and that was that nothing else said. He actually seemed happy that he did not have to bother with making our order.The end...What a disappointment, not sure if they sold the business or what however I can tell you this is the beginning of the end for them if this keeps up!I will never be back in fact you could not pay me to come back to this hot mess of a once great operation!!!So sad...
1	Ok yelpers!!   You are way wrong on this place!!!!  Gross, expensive and dirty....   I have never felt defrauded before at any restaurant or eatery.We ordered a few burgers and two flavors of fries, then threw in some onion rings.   $$$$57.00 later we were so surprised ....The grease was so dirty the food was terrible, hamburgers were dry and tasteless.   Do yourself a favor and stay home, open a can of soup, you'll be better off.
1	NEVER AGAIN!!!  Sammy's at 4035 S. Decatur has been declining for a while now.  This was the last time.  25 minutes for 2 hot dogs with mustard and a coke.  25 MINUTES!!!! Are you kidding me!  My last 4 trips there after placing my order, had an average wait time of 18 minutes.  I asked the woman, who claimed to be the owner, if I could speak to the owner and she snapped at me and then walked away... YELLING AT ME FOR COMPLAINING from behind a wall where she was "hiding".  Also, if you are going to advertise Sabrett Hot Dogs... you should sell Sabrett Hot Dogs!
5	Ladies, do not come here in your fancy party dress expecting to be all dainty on a date.  NO.  This is a greasy, fully loaded sandwich/burger place that is going to get all over your face and make your hands smell delicious for hours afterward even though you feel a little ashamed that your hands smell like grease after three washings!!!This place has some legit food.  Been here twice with the husband and we've tried:- Pastrami melt (Russian dressing on this is the winner)- Pastrami burger ("How am I supposed to eat this?" said my husband as he looked at the Dagwood sized burger.  He reluctantly got a fork and knife, feeling like less of man for having to resort to this!)- Philly cheesesteak (loaded with meat, a little skimpy on the onions and peppers)- Split Decision (Pastrami AND corned beef)- Romano/garlic fries (heaven)- Ranch fries (not as good as the garlic)Food is piled high and greasy and delicious.  The menu is EXTENSIVE.  You can pretty much get everything as a sandwich, burger, hot dog, or on top of fries.  I spent a good 5 minutes trying to decide what I wanted the first time.  On our first trip, we encountered a gentleman working who was really excited and proud of the food, and you gotta love that if the employee is that jazzed about feeding your face!  Second trip had a quieter, not as welcoming fellow, but the food was just as good.I'd say this is a really good spot for nursing a hangover or if you just have a craving for some MEAT!
4	Not much of a sight to see but Sammy's has a certain charm to it. The food is similar to what you can get in a deli or bar. The huge difference is how much food you really get. An extra large sandwich and an order of fries can easily feed two people.My friend and I shared the LA pastrami sandwich and an order of bacon cheddar fries. The sandwich was over flowing with meat and caused me a mild heart attack. It slipped down my throat and clotted the arteries. That is an experience I was happy to experience. The fries were just okay. The bacon would have been better if they came in bits form and crispy. The cheese came in the right amount. I did enjoy the fries themselves. Maybe next time forgo the extra toppings and go with the classic. The gentleman and his mom were very attentive. They would poke their heads out to check on us often. I wasn't sure if we were suppose to approach them when we were ready for sandwich and sat there for some time. He came out and apologized and rushed it out. With businesses like this, service is what makes the experience.
2	Interesting but my hamburger was not good. Cheese wasn't melted, roll wasn't good, and beef was not juicy.
4	If you want to get fat and maybe clog a few arteries, this is the place for you. Good greasey food, wouldn't eat it everyday.
4	Had the 3 square fries. Huge. Enough for 3 or 4 people to share. But my favorite on the menu is the pastrami sandwich. Good pastrami. The food does take a while to cook but it is all cooked fresh. Service was great. Nice people.
5	I usually get my pastrami sandwich from the other chain which I still am a fan of, but Sammy's definitely excels above the bar when it comes to pastrami. I usually won't frequent a place if their prices are too high, but for Sammy's, the quality does not lie. Ok it's kind of pricey, butt HOLY BA-JEZUZ!!! So far I've gotten the pastrami sandmich and the pastrami burger. Everytime I order something, the fellow says to me, "You're going to like this!". He's right all the time!!! I first tried their pastrami sandwich so that I can get a sample of their product. All good in the hood! Pastrami on a steak roll pretty much got me hooked. Next I sampled their pastrami burger and went big with the dual patties. DAMN SUN!?! I think they sprinkle crack on it before serving this thing. I am a big fan of Sammy's. Customer satisfaction everytime.  If you want to treat your phat booty with some quality eats, CHECK THIS PLACE OUT SUN!!!
4	Wow talk about a good way to go....heart attack in a box for sure but it's soooo good.  If you blink you'll drive right by it.  Patty melt was great, can't wait to try the burgers!
1	So....Went there last night with my 3 boys, fully intending on trying the 502 Fry challenge with them.  We had been to the website and were so excited, looked so yummy.  Anyway....we get there, no one else there, the one person  working there pretty much ignored us for 5 minutes even after I told him we wanted the Fry Challenge thing.  He literally didn't say anything to us for 10 min. while we stood there, he was on the phone talking, didn't even give us the "be with ya in a sec" courtesy.  Very unhappy with this location.  We finally left and went to Metro Pizza close by and had a great dinner with them,  Maybe we will try the Tropicana location another time.  Horrible customer service at the Decatur location.
1	Several years ago, we ate at Sammy's a couple of times, and they were great. Finally, we decided to go back for lunch today, and boy, how things have changed!First, when we arrived, we waited in line for about 15-20 minutes to place our order. Considering that there were only four people in line ahead of us, that seemed excessive. Little did we know that the wait to order was short compared to how long we'd wait for our food!It took at least 20-30 minutes for our food to be served. People who were in line waiting to order in front of us got their orders, finished, and left before we were served. And this isn't a gourmet fine-dining establishment; it's a sandwich hut. That's way too long to be served.Our sandwiches weren't anything to get excited about, either. I had the regular LA pastrami sandwich, which was fine, as far as it goes. My wife had ordered the pastrami combo, which was supposed to come with a Polish sausage on it. Apparently, "Polish sausage" is code for mediocre hot dog, because that's what came on top of her sandwich. Very disappointing.On top of everything else, it was way overpriced. Two sandwiches and two sodas for almost $26. Ridiculous.The worst part is, we drove past much better restaurants to get to Sammy's. We drove past Pop's Philly Cheese-steaks to get to Sammy's. We won't be making that mistake again. If you want a great sandwich, drive 2-3 minutes up the road to get to Pop's. If you must have pastrami, go to Capriotti's across the street. If you just want to get rid of excess cash, give it to a worthwhile charity. But I can't think of any reason to go Sammy's, at least not for us.
2	I was pretty excited to eat here after hearing such good things, but - eh... nothing special about the pastrami here.  It's super salty and the pastrami sandwich actually has bacon mixed in with the pastrami.  Normally I'm all for bacon, but it didn't bring anything to the party.  It (bacon) wasn't crisp, didn't have a great flavor and the sandwich probably would have been better without it.  My comrads weren't happy about how long it took to get the food.  I didn't mind relaxing outside in the sun, but there ended up being A LOT of people waiting for their orders so if you're dying of hunger, best to go some place else.Won't be going back here.  After 4 hours, I'm officially in my, "Crappy Lunch Depression."
4	Came here for the pastrami!Tender and lots of flavor...not the best I've had, but a solid pastrami!  We tried the traditional pastrami sandwich and the pastrami burger.  I really liked the combination of pastrami and beef on the burger...yum!  Wish the burger was more medium though instead of well done...wish they would have asked or me remembering to specify.  4/5 for both.  Check em out :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sammys-l-a-pastrami-and-burgers-las-vegas-2?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#qkwE9X6DKYB0t8lQOiOjBQWhat WAS extraordinary though, were the garlic romano fries! These are perfectly cooked shoestring fries, that have lots of garlic and herb seasoning! We will be back for the fries alone!  5/5.  Pic :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sammys-l-a-pastrami-and-burgers-las-vegas-2?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#lR9j1M1-saDwroAlDOgRswThe location and setup is an order window, and outside seating.  So don't come when it is super cold/hot windy/rainy etc lol.  Prices are decent for what it is....not cheap, but not expensive.  Overal 4/5!
4	I love going to this place in the summer mostly to grab a cold drink when it's 100 degrees outside!  I had a Pina Colada drink once here. Noo it doesn't have alcohol, it's just a mixed iced drink lolI had the Pastrami Burger, One word AMAZING. A lot of food, so make sure you have a big appetite!!  My favorite quick stop shop for good food!
1	Over priced for you get...don't believe the hype. Three people, 3 sandwiches and 2 fries, $45.00 at a walk-up. And if you have high-blood pressure avoid those fries.Disappointed local.
5	I have recently discovered that very yummy things come from tiny little buildings. The menu here at Sammy's L.A. Pastrami & Burgers offers a variety of options for such a small place. The outside is nothing pretty to look at but sometimes it is those places that surprise you. There is a small seating area near a walk up window if you want to enjoy your food outside. There are easy to read menus along the building of the drive-thru it is just hard deciding what to try from it. My man had to try the "L.A Style Pastrami". It was a BIG hit! It has pastrami, mustard and pickles on a sub style roll. They have 3 different sizes with the extra large being $12.99! I wouldn't recommend the extra large unless you plan to share with somebody or plan to have more then 1 meal out of it because he got the large at $9.69 and it was almost too much pastrami. Not that he complained or didn't finish every bite because he did! The guy at the window said the bad for you fried foods were all hand breaded and that they use fresh ingredients and I was craving something I could dip in ranch so I chose the "Variety Platter" at $7.99. I picked battered zucchini slices, fried mushrooms and fried mozzarella sticks. The zucchini was the best part! It really wasn't greasy and had great flavor. The fried mushrooms were good but I can't say I would order them again. The mozzarella sticks were perfect. The batter tasted good and the cheese wasn't rubbery like most places it was really stringy and super good. The ranch was thick and creamy. I really like this place and will be back regularly. There is plenty of options for burgers or chicken sandwiches. They also have a philly cheese steak that looks like it would be good. The menu says their shakes are made with "thrifty" ice cream. The "Garlic Romano Fries" are on my radar for next time.Plan to wait a while while your food is being made. It is being made fresh so it does take some time.
4	A kind of scary looking hole-in-the-wall shack that makes really incredible BBQ bacon cheeseburger.  Thick bacon slices, real cheddar cheese, a tasty burger patty made this burger under $7 is a bargain.  The garlic romano fries were tasty but not "really" garlicy.  Thin and crispy, like those from Inn-N-Out, so the mild taste goes well with the crunchy texture (like flavored potato chips, but better).
5	Dear GOD.  Their menu is bigger than their building.  I can't imagine how they pack their ingredients inside.  You have never had burgers and pastrami like this, and you've never eaten so much of it.  If you head to Sammy's, bring your appetite. Their food is prepared well, their portions are unbelievable, and their service is quick and friendly.  My personal favorites: Garlic Romano French Fries, the 502 Burger, and their Blueberry Oreo Milkshake.  (I didn't think id be a fan either, but after trying it, it's TOTALLY my guilty pleasure.)If you are from SoCal and are familiar with "THE HAT", this place is the closest i've found in Vegas.
4	Yo that Big Ass Bacon Cheeseburger though!  The bacon slices are ginarmous!  Not very eye pleasing, but definitely tastebud pleasing.  Better come hungry for sure!  On taste alone 4 of 5.
5	Awesome pastrami burger, and garlic fries..
3	It's hard to resist a place with pastrami as part of the name and also featured on a show on the travel channel.  And, if you're in the neighborhood, well, doesn't that make it into an obligation?  Sammy's wasn't a let down, but not a place for me to make a special trip.It's the type of place that's hard to write about because it's what you'd expect.  I shared two sandwiches, a pastrami and a corned beef - both on a roll.  I ate the corned beef first, and it was very good.  Salty and briskety, just the way its supposed to taste.  Then, I ate the pastrami.  It was good, no more, no less.  Although it wasn't shaved pastrami, I would have liked the slices to be a little thicker.  Maybe it was just my pastrami, but the meat itself was overwhelmed by the salt - and the melted cheese on the sandwich overwhelmed everything.  Although there was as much cheese on the corned beef, on that sandwich, the cheese more or less complemented the meat. My verdict - next time, I will not get my sandwiches with cheese on them. The portions are large - it's kind of like when you try and put a thick Louisiana hot link onto a tiny store brand hot dog bun.So, the portions are large, the taste is adequate. The corned beef would be a 4 and the pastrami a 2, to average a 3.  The prices fit the taste and the portion.  If I was in the neighborhood and in the mood for large portions, I'd be back.  If you have a thing about trying the places featured on TV, you should try it out.
3	The Garlic Romano fries were hands down the best part of our order.  Service was friendly and sincere seeming.I ordered the french dip and my lady ordered the wings sweet thai chili.   Both were pretty awful.  I'm not going to write it off.  When i'm back in Vegas again I'll try the burgers instead.
3	Pastrami is really good but the owner is very annoying and wont let you enjoy the food if the place isn't busy.Go thru the drive thru so you can enjoy the food at home .
4	Yay! Today, this place was open (around 4 PM on a Thurs).It's a tiny shack at the corner of a big strip mall with a Boiling Crab restaurant. Plenty of parking, they have a drive thru, and outdoor seating only (so in the summer, it's HOT to sit outside).We got (2 of us shared):1) The double pastrami burger with an added fried egg for $0.89 (totally worth it!) The double means 2 hamburger patties. This burger is good, don't get me wrong. It's salty, cheesy, humongous, packed with delicious pastrami, and gooey, but once the fried egg part of the burger was eaten, my last few bites of the burger became "whatever."2) The pastrami fries (which wasn't on the menu at this place). We asked the guy working if they made this and he said yep! Huge portion of fries (enough to fill a square styrofoam to go container) topped with chili, cheese, and pastrami. We annihilated this. My recommendation: ask to get a fried egg on the pastrami fries! Mmmmm...I wish we thought of that when we were there.My total bill was $22.56. Kind of expensive, but the portions are huge.This place is great to go to if you're hungry and craving something greasy! I always try to stop here whenever we're in Vegas or passing through Vegas.
5	This place is one of the best greasy spoons I have tried in Vegas so far.  The gyro fries were incredible.  The pastrami burger is perfect.  The meat is well cooked, tender, and so well cooked that the fatty portions of the meat are translucent.  Perfect.  You can taste the coriander, spices, and seasoning.  The cherry lemonade was great, too!  Will be back soon.
4	Stopped by here for a late lunch today after driving by about a thousand times. The food was great, and it is definitely somewhere that we'll go again. They even took care of our dog. We ordered him a plain hot dog and when they brought it out, it was slliced into tiny chunks perfect for pup noms!
5	We first started coming here about two years ago.  The first time we stopped at the one on Trop since it was on my way home from work.  Now we go to the one on Decatur.  Either way both locations serve the best quality of burgers and fries.  I was really missing a great pastrami burger like what I used to get in Cali.  I decided to Google places and look on www.restaurant.com when I came across Sammy's.  Boy when we first tried their pastrami burgers we were not disappointed!  In fact, we were impressed!  Not only are they delicious, but they are so big and I couldn't finish mine in one sitting.  The ranch fries are also amazing!  We definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a big juicy burger.  You will never be disappointed!
2	This place is really not good each time I have come here I have gotten sick the garlic fries had way too much salt on them to the point where I had to stop eating them and I had to throw them away. The burger that I got from here wasn't cooked all the way the meat was all red in the middle like they were rushing it and the bacon was way overcooked then what it needed to be just an overall bad fast food experience at this place and I payed almost $25 for that meal I feel like I got ripped off so do yourself a favor stay away from this place.
1	I ordered the Sammy's L.A. Style Pastrami and the garlic Romano fries. Both was too salty. The pastrami sandwich was too plain. The fries was too oily and salty. The wait was long because there was only two guys working. One was the cook and the other took the orders. I expected so much more since it had 4 stars. The only good thing that I got out of it was that they were nice and I received a small free strawberry lemonade. Sorry, but I'm not going there again.
3	This place surprised me... It was my first time and I got the pastrami combo                ( pastrami and polish sausage on a roll ).... It was a big sandwich with enough meat to make another one. Better than the pastrami dog at Pinks... The garlic fries were crispy but a little over salted... I would definitely try their other sandwiches... I would go back since I love pastrami..
4	Really a good place for pastrami.. I think I could make another sandwich with what they piled on the bread.... Garlic fries are a little bit too salty but still good... I'd definitely come back...
4	Best pastrami in Vegas.  Ordered two regular pastramis, one xl pastrami(same bun, more meat), a regular fry, a garlic fry and three sodas.  The regular fries were good and the garlic fries were good too albeit a little salty.  Pastrami was thinly sliced and flavorful.  The bill came to just under $50 so it was kind of pricey but still would eat here again.
2	A couple of regular sized sandwiches, one large fry, and one large coke, $28. Sandwiches are good but not great. Nothing you would recommend to a friend as a must try. If you have ever had the good fortune of eating a sandwich from a family owned deli, you will be disappointed with Sammy's. The seasoned fries are both unique and tasty, but frozen. If we come back we may need to try the dogs.
5	Really good food, they have great food. I would suggest the parmesan fries and one of the best snap hotdogs on the west coast.
2	I know and love L.A area pastrami and this place is ok for the high prices. The over price burgers are ok.  They have coke products advertised on menu but only carry Pepsi products. I will not be returning, I will save my cravings for when I go visit L.A
1	RIP OFF ALERT!  They claimed to be selling a 1/4 lb hotlink, it was nowhere near 1/4 lb. you can see by the pics. They claimed it was because the hotlink was cut in half. BULL-ONEY!  Also, they have coke products all over their menu, but they actually sell Pepsi products.
4	The outside might scare you and I didn't see a Grade rating so we joked about that.  But once we received our order it was very tasty and nicely prepared.  A nice off the strip "hole-in-the-wall" not far frim the Palms and Caesars.  Would be great late night food too!
3	Saw Sammy's on the travel channel and just had to try it. The price was a little on the high side but I will say that the food was great, it was better than I thought it would be. The service however was not, I was in the drive thru and it was almost a 20 min process. Not trying to an ass but being the only car in the drive thru it shouldn't take 10 mins to get to the window and another 10 to make it. It shouldn't take that long ever drive thru or walk up.The 3 stars is solely on the service however the food was a 5.
5	When you come here be prepared to wait a bit for your food. It is well worth the wait. The food is prepared fresh and the dressings are made from scratch. They have a walk up window, a few seats outside and the drive thru. I used a $14 for $20 yelp deal and the guy took it with no problem. I ordered a hot link with pastrami, jalapenos, and extra mustard. It was freaking delicious. I also had garlic romano fries and split a pastrami melt with my wife. The fries live up to the name and everyone should order these. The pastrami had great flavor. The pastrami is really the star attraction here if you are going to try anything and it comes in different sizes. I asked for a side of ranch for the garlic fries and they were out so the guy suggested some other sauce. I said sure and it turned out to be a perfect pairing. It tasted like thousand island but with no pickles or relish it was just sauce and good! Everything was great and The yelp deal just made it better.
1	Sorry Sammys we did not have a good 1st and last visit. Food not worth price at all. Should have left but some of the reviews sounded so good, we thought don't judge a book by the cover. Looked busy cause 3 cars in line had to wait as did we cause only worker was outside by us with his kids  handling a personal problem ok. So we stood there wondering who worked here , then he got off ph and went in to take order. I don't think they have anything not frozen cause he had to run in and out to a back room for bags of frozen item a few times .33 min and like $35 bucks in food later we finally had dinner and damn not good. Pastrami was ok but We found a bomb pastrami/frenchfry spot down the road week later POPs yum.
3	I will say overpriced for being a "stand." The food was pretty good but the B-Rating & looks of the place scare the be-Jesus out of me! Service was on the slow side & could have done without the smoke from the fryer in my eyes! Might ponder returning.
2	Well after a 30 minute wait for 4 sandwiches (Thursday Dec.5 , 2013) I decided that I made a better pastrami sandwich. Way over priced for such little meat on the bread and they even forgot the top to one of our sandwiches. After the time, the price and then to come home to use square sandwich bread...... a definite will not do that again lesson learned.
5	Best burgers and sandwiches period. The bread is fresh and the meat is tender. Been here many times and food has always been so so delicious. The portions are HUGE! The Garlic Romano fries might be the best fries i have ever tasted. A must go place in Vegas if you are ever trying to get a great and delicious meal for a reasonable price. The place is always clean and the food always fresh!
3	When I found out that they close at 7pm on Sunday, I had to go check it out for the forst time before they close since I stayed close by for the weekend. I ordered their regular pastrami sandwich and a jumbo bacon wrapped dog. Their pastrami sandwich was really good!! Piled with lots of pastrami inside the roll with melted cheese on top. The pastrami was not chewy at all, unlike the other place I have tried. It would be better of they toasted the bun a little but that's just my preference. The jumbo bacon dog was ok, the bacon seem to cooked a little bit longer, but the toppings, tomatoes/jalapinos/onions, on top of it were more than enough. It was kind of messy so u don't really know how to approach that thing. Wish they use a bigger roll for the jumbo dog. Overall this small little joint is a great place to stop by if u are in the area. I will return next time to try their many items on their menu.
4	Sammy's... my brotherNlaw & I were driving looking for WoW did you see that place??? No what??? Dude we for sure are SO COMING BACK... Sure enough. Sammy's is now a must stop place when we're in Vegas. Yes Sir...
4	Very good Pastrami sandwich. Garlic fries are awesome.  Eat here quite often. They have a variety of food but I prefer the pastrami the best. If your near Decatur and Flamingo you really should stop and try it.
2	Verdict: Disappointing. My lady and I ate here last year and without question, it tasted like a whole different place then--in a good way. Today, the garlic fries came out cold, slightly stale and crunchy. My single pastrami burger was overly salty and I'm sure the burger patty was frozen, not fresh--which gave it a bland flavor on top of being dry. My lady got the Philly cheesesteak and that wasn't too bad, it tasted as it should have, but could have been more hot when it came out. Definitely the better choice between the two of us though. No idea what happened over the course of a year, but for sure--the quality has gone with the passing of 2013.
5	I work across the street from here, and some days it's too busy for me to take a normal lunch break and drive to eat somewhere. My coworker found this place and told me you can order over the phone and pick it up later. That was very convenient for me so we figured we'd try it out. Just the basic burgers were phenomenal!! We shared the bacon and cheese fries and the parmesan fries. One again, PHENOMENAL! Possibly my favorite burger/pastrami joint I've ever gone to! It's even better than half the places on the strip!
3	Say good-bye to your 2014 New Years Resolutions...Don't come here looking for a healthy alternative. Food here is greasy and as unhealthy as it gets. I guess that's what makes it so good. And addicting!Small walk-up shack that looks kind of shabby/grimy- but none of that really matters once you get a taste of their garlic fries! Mmmm..Best to eat their food at the tables in front of their shack- while it's all still hot and fresh out of the fryer or off the grill! It's the type of food you'll regret eating if you're on a mission to eat healthy. But you won't be able to resist once you try it...
4	First timer. I seen this spot featured on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives. I tried the Pastrami Burger. Aaamazing! Great food, and service. We were the only ones there, though. Lol. Also, tried the buffalo wings..not a fan but would definitely try other flavors. Definitely a must try.
4	If it wasnt for YELP I would have drove past this place... Shabby looking shack/ drive thru,  a few tables outside.  I had the cheese fries and the pastrami sandwich.  Yummy, cant wait to go back to try the other unhealthy, delicious options
3	I don''t like giving three stars but .....  here it goes.  The place kind of scared me when I peeked in to place my order there was one person making everything and it looked messy in the kitchen area.  I can't really explain it but I had reservations about this place.  I saw on yelp the pics and thought maybe my daughter and I will give it a go.  We both thought the pastrami at best was okay.  We have a lot of great pastrami places in LA and  since they had LA in their signage I thought they must be great but ......nope I will wait to go back with my frequent visits to LA for my pastrami fix.  sorry Sammy's .....Happy Yelping xoxoxox
1	WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE I HAVE GOTTEN IN MY ENTIRE LIFE!So, I get there. Keep in mind I have only 30 minutes to complete a lunch run for my work. I go in there, and the Hispanic lady was SO RUDE. I stand there for (I looked at my watch) for 11 minutes, there was only 1 customer in the drive thru and she kept on walking past me without acknowledging me. So I finally said, may I take my order? She looked at me with disgust and aggravation, so rude (I can't reiterate this enough) and let me take my order. She ignored me and finally took my order after another SIX MINUTES!!! I bought the YELP discount special, and this made her even more mad, maybe because she had to do math? I don't know! So I ordered my good and paid. I asked for a menu, to double check, because she overcharged me 15 dollars!!! Then after I asked for a receipt........ BUT SHE GAVE ME A RECEIPT STUB! She said just look at the menu and then you can let everyone know. (Everyone at work chipped in for the meal, I didn't want to come back spending more of their flow, oh and btw IF YOU LOOK AT THE PRICES ON THE MENU AND THE AMOUNT I PAID IT DID NOT MATCH UP AT ALL!!!!! I tried to explain to her but she wasn't buying it! I didn't even want to argue because I was already late! If it was my money and food I literally would have just left on the spot!36 minutes later ( I kid you not ) my food was done 3 burgers and fries. I might as well have gone to a restaurant not a damn food truck...Ohhhh in addition, the inside was FILTHY!! And I guy came in and dropped off some hot dog buns from food for less on the floor! The food was alright, however I bit into the burger, I know what comfort and junk food is... But this was like a heart attack waiting to happen. I bite into it and I literally gulped oil and oil dropped everywhere, I must have bitten into an oil pocket or something... Whatever it was alright, the burger. Maybe I was so disgusted with the horrible customer service it made the food nasty as hell. Oh and in addition for this "fresh" meal and soggy oily buns, and 90 percent ice lemonade.... The fries were COLD soggy and slightly frozen (fresh? My ass!) In the end, she have me a menu, and said you call me it's better for you before you come so you won't wait so long, with a menu with different prices than the damn menu in the front!So what did I get eating at this place.NIGHTMARES from the worst customer service of my life (literally I'm about to piss my pants)15 dollars OVER with no receipt but a ticket stub with a menu that contradicts the menu in the front --- and coworkers who probably think I stole money from them or gave myself a little 15 dollar tip!  And a heart attack I'm sure from the overly oily burgerFrostbite, from the cold ass friesDehydration from the 90 percent ice lemonade.
5	We saw Sammy's on Food Network and wanted to check them out. We were not disappointed. We are from LA and I have been to NY so I have had some great pastrami. Sammy's did not let us down. Its a little drive in stand with some outside seating and tables. Nothing fancy but it more than makes up for it with the food. We had the 502 fries which is a large order of fries with a pound of pastrami, steak and chili cheese on top. OMG! It was so delicious and filling that we couldn't even eat more than a bite of the Chipotle steak sandwich we got to share. I ate the sandwich a couple hours later cold on the drive back to LA and it was still awesome! My wife also had the blueberry/oreo shake and it was one of the best shakes ever! It was so thick and rich it took us about an hour to drink it all. It was pricy I spent about $30 for everything but it was well worth it and we will be back next time we are in Vegas. It is just 2 people cooking and working the front so it wasn't fast food but it was good food. Call ahead if you want to get it fast or use the drive through and not wait.
5	Amazing food. Great deal. Always there to serve you. Really good service and always take care of their customer. U can order everything in your mind and they'll make it happen!!! Lol bomb!!! I come here a lot since I've tried it. Really friendly too...
5	This place has excellent burgers! The burgers are huge! And perfect for a night after partying on the strip. I do not know what the other reviews expected. This is NOT a restaurant this is a shack where you order greasy good food and every bite is better than the last. The garlic fries where excellent and the burger with pastrami was out of sight. Highly recommend any burger hounds to check it out.
5	We came with 2 friends and received awesome customer service!  We ate here at 9pm on Sat. March 28th. We didn't know the Decatur location closed an hour earlier than the Tropicana location but they still stayed open for us even though we got there right at closing. Moe (?) and his wife were very friendly and we would definitely recommend the food. We had garlic fries, chipotle burger,pastrami fries, patty melt - yummy!  I am going to make this one of our stops whenever I visit Vegas again.
4	They were really good . A little expensive so that's something I'd only get every once in a while . The 502 fries surprisingly has too much bacon , it was over whelming and I wish they had cut the bacon up instead giving a bunch of bacon strips . Overall I have nothing too bad to say .
1	Just paid $8 (including $1 for the luxury of using a debit card) for a "custard shake" so runny I could have got it at McDonald's. The "medium" size is more milkshake than you'll ever need, but I only managed to drink maybe a tenth of it. It took them ten minutes to make it too, no joke. Save your money.
3	Food: I ordered the double pastrami burger for $10.99. It looked sinfully good and the taste was not bad. It was prepared the traditional way with mustard and pickles. Then throw in two hamburger patties. Unfortunately I've had better pastrami elsewhere. It was cheap for the price I paid, so it was well worth it for the amount of food.Service: I went on a Saturday afternoon. It looked like a two man operation. One was taking orders and passing out the food while the other guy cooked the food. It was actually pretty slow. Please note that if you choose to use your credit card, they will add a $1 transaction fee.Location: It's a small white food shack located very close to the street just South of the Boiling Crab. If you drive too far into the parking lot you'll miss it! You should be able to see it from Decatur.
4	Holy doo doo! This place is legit. Granted, you'll probably have to wait quite a bit for your food cuz there's a small crew working the shack, but from what I experienced on my first visit, it's well worth it. I had the original backyard burger and the garlic romano fries. All I can say is bomb.com. 'Nuff said! Next time I visit Vegas, God willing, I'll try to come back and try new items.There's limited seating, and sometimes not all the seats are on the shade, so unless you're a Vegas native already accustomed to the heat, you might want to eat in your car with the AC on. If you're ever in town, TRY THOSE DAMN FRIES.
5	Great food!!... Can't beat the pastrami!... Expensive but reminds me of California....
4	Very friendly staff, after I had left my credit card at the counter they saved it and waited for me to pick it up. The food is cooked fresh as ordered, so this isnt your typical fast food. We all have those days when you want to break that boring healthy lifestyle. This is a good place to fill those criteria. You want beef? got it Pastrami? got it Cheddar? Mos Def. haha anyways you get what I mean. I would rate this 5 star, But I cant figure out how Even after a Yelp Deal, I managed to spend almost 30$ with just 2 large subs. No Fries and No drinks.
4	Huge portions and a huge menu! Perfect drunk and not so drunk food!Yay:-Garlic fries: MUST ORDER! It was very well and heavily seasoned and I could've eaten the whole large by myself.  That's how good it was!-504: get this if you're starving and can't decide what to get because this has everything! 3 of us split this and still had leftovers.  Well we did order like 4 things for the 3 of us, but it was really good!-Chilli cheese Pastrami fries: I love that they use the larger fries for this so it holds up to the toppings.The food was a little pricey but we did order a lot.  Large is definitely large!
2	I've been here twice because it's always good to try something twice. The place is small and feels rant dirty the times I went they were out of the most simple things and the service was poor. The food tasred decent but the restraunt is very unorganized. I would defitely pass this place. Not worth it. Expensive too!!!
1	7/5/2014  4:15 PM  Saw a Yelp review from Brandon (yesterday July 4th) & figured they were OPEN! They were OPEN alright.. The doors were WIDE open, no bug screens, lady on the phone was sweeping with a broom used on the interior of the establishment. Then sweeps the garage out the back door that was propped open. Uses the same broom on the concrete outside... NO HEALTH GRADE POSTED.  My boyfriend having worked in the food industry in the past takes one look at it & says, "if you feel like getting sick, SURE! Let's go".  I figured it was like the one on E. Tropicana... NO. The one on Tropicana makes this place look amazing.Now we get to the front and I'm still being optimistic.  She's still sweeping & sees us standing there patiently waiting.  She gets off the phone, I smile ask her how are you.  Just being my usual friendly self. She hands us a menu that's greasy... Gross.  Boyfriend takes one look at it & says, "Nothing looks appealing on this menu but I guess I'll try the wings".  She tells us there's no wings.. Okay then I'll just stick to my original order of Pastrami Chili Cheese fries (I've had them once at the other location, strangely delicious despite the weird idea).She tells me the total is $13 and some change for a large order of Pastrami Chili Cheese fries. I said that's fine, hand her my card. She never once asked for my ID when it's written on the back (instead of my name just in case it's ever stolen).  I usually hand them my ID if they need to compare signatures.Here's what breaks my optimism.  She opens the freezer, turns the cold water on the faucet, doesn't use the soap dispenser in reach. I guess to her she "washes" her hands in the cold water & grabs the paper towels to dry off.  I then with a disgusted look on my face, asked her, "do you have SOAP back there?", eyeing in the direction of the empty soap dispenser on the wall.  She turns to me and says, "EH? Soap? YEAH Yeah", then DIPS HER HANDS IN THE SECOND SINK WITH STANDING WATER.  "See I wash, there's soap".  My face went from disgusted to HORRIFIED, one of my biggest PHOBIAS is standing water. My stomach turned & flopped a few times as she continues to "wash" up.She asks me, "want me to cancel?", I replied "YES".  She hands my credit card back to me (I'm shocked I even got it back, I would of never known).  She tells me, "Okay, no charge". We walked back to the car & left.INSTEAD we went to Roberto's in Spring Valley. Cross streets Rainbow & Sunset.  We spent about the same amount as they were charging here.  MINUS all the health code violations & they had an A grade posted as we walked in.  DON'T GO HERE!!!!!!
2	I'd actually give 4 stars for the food. The LA pastrami and garlic Romano fries are good. However, I have noticed a pattern in their service. They'd offer you if you want provolone cheese on your pastrami, thinking it's included for what you pay for, well it isn't. You just wonder in the end why the total price you're paying just doesn't add up. Another way of tricking customers to pay extra unnecessarily. They should disclose and inform customers if it's will cost them extra. And lastly, they NEVER issue receipts ( I've paid cash so far).hmmmmm???
1	I ordered 2 large Chilli cheese fries off the menu she handed me. 5.99 ea. Gave a $20 she gave $3 and some change. I asked her and she said the prices are higher now.  That's ridiculous I told her I have never been here before. She must of saw the California plates and tried to charge more. I took back my $20 and left. Nobody tries to rip me off . Beware
1	WORST SERVICE!  Food Poisoning,  Gross Food! Threw away most of it after waiting 2hrs on delivery from Eat24 and paying $80!!!. Sick, throwing up - no refund or restaurant/Eat24 concern. Woman at restaurant was out of items we ordered, didn't speak good English either. Buyer Beware! Negative 5 Stars! 5 stars if you want food poisoning! HORRIBLE
5	Of course, once again me and my boyfriend got the yelp deal for l.a's style pastrami. Being LA natives, we're always skeptical of anything "LA style " and is not in Los Angeles. So, we got the 14 for 30 dollar deal and got 1 reg LA style pastrami, one large and one large order of garlic fries. Wow just wow. Before I even bit into my sandwich I just ate a stray piece of meat that didn't make it into the bun and I was pleasantly surprised. I would highly suggest this place and we will be back
4	Great food... A little slow service the day we went but the food  was great and huge servings.
4	This was definitely a good burger.  Im a burger lover and I'll only rave about a handful of places to go to and this is one of them.  The service was lousy though.   I accidentally asked for a pastrami with fried egg and she assumed I meant sandwich. She didnt even start making it..just ringing up and she acted like it was such a big inconvenience with the obvious SMH..literally shaking her head.. I didnt say anything about. Not worth the headache. It's a good thing they make good burgers though.  Good food with a side of attitude.   That's how you know its good.  Like going to your favorite Chinese restaurant!  =)
4	Ridiculously large portions! Tasty, unique menu and friendly staff. Drive-thru is a big plus when you have kids in the car!
3	Long wait but the pastrami was excellent. Skip the burger though, it was nothing special.
4	I had the pastrami burger with bacon. It was good. Wasn't the most amazing burger but still good. The only bad part is now that it's getting colder out people don't want to get out and walk up to the window so we waited in the drive through which it took forever for us to actually get to the window. The lady did yell out the window and ask us what we wanted I guess to try and speed the process up. It was hard to hear each other. Other than the wait it wasn't the cheapest food but it is cooked fresh and the portions were huge I could barely finish my burger and garlic fries. Another bad part was all windows were open leaving not only the cold air but bugs to come in, however I guess it could get hot in there so it's understandable. One other thing was there was no menu at the drive thru so we had to look on our phones on yelp. I may or may not come back again to try something else on that menu
1	Not a fan. I was hungry for a good pastrami on rye.I arrived there were 3-4 people there waiting on food. 1 person working at noon on a Saturday. Took 25 mins to place my order. Pastrami was disappointing it tasted more like lunch meat pastrami. You can get a better pastrami sandwich shy Port O Sub's. I won't be going back!
5	I guess I came in late since they closed at 7pm on Sundays.  Being a vacationer, I did not know this by walking up at 7:45pm. The lady was in the back cleaning and still took my order and was nice enough to cook and prep my food togo. I would recommend. Thanks
3	Food was good. The girl working was very slow in making the food orders. She also over cooked the mini dogs. It took me 25 minutes from the time I got there till I received my food. They should have 2 people working inside. Also, they charge you $1 if you use a debit card. That is low rent.
5	Sammy's Food is Great and the portions are so well served, never skimp here!  Alicia  also gave us great service, she made sure everything we ordered was perfect.  Sammy's LA is always a must stop when I'm in Vegas!
5	Only person working, Alicia was awesome!!! She did a great job working the grill and provided great customer service with drive thru and walk up customers.The food was EXCELLENT!!! -The Animal Burger- Chicago Dog- Chili FriesAmazing all around first time experience
