4	We love this place! It's pretty good fast food (and healthy-ish) type Mexican food. The menu is not extensive, but the servings are plentiful. Sort of like Chipotle, but ten times better. And I believe kids eat for free on the weekends.They also serve breakfast in the mornings (u'mmm chorizo!).
3	A faithful interpretation of the San Francisco burrito style, but nothing overly amazing goes on here. Plus for having whole wheat tortillas, brown rice and Veggie options.
2	Right next door to Cupcake Lane Bakery is this wanna-be mexican fast food joint.All I can say positive is it was fast.Very limited menu-nothing resembles real mexican and it's really just a Baja Fresh or Chipotle knock-off.
3	Zaba's Mexican Grill is a small chain of  convenient Americanized Mexican fast food eateries, all located in the Las Vegas area. There are about 5 -6 of them now.Zaba's is like Chipotle, but browner. No, not browner as in darker Mexicans, ones with more indian blood than Spanish blood. Not at all. Browner because instead of white floured tortillas or white rice, they offer healthier brown. Zaba's concept is very similar to Chipotle, even the line and service process at the counter is similar. But Zaba's offers more variety. Such as brown rice, wheat tortillas, or fish and shrimp tacos or burritos. They also have a more colorful decor than the tin can aluminum decor of Chipotle. This one is also larger than most Chipotles, with booths and tables and about 2 to3 times the seating capacity.I came here to order lunch for a group I was visiting in a nearby office, a lunch and learn session. They had faxed the order in, but the manager was so anal, he couldn't fill the order unless they used their official fax order form! WTF? He faxed back the official form and said he called. Meanwhile, I had talked to him several times about the order, and he didn't tell me this. So I had to call the office, confirm the order, and told him to fill in the blanks that weren't on the order. He had difficulty with this, being a bit OCD or something.We finally got the order put together and delivered the food. It is pretty tasty, even when it is browner.
4	Finally made a trip here last night and enjoyed my chicken and pork burrito with queso sauce, sour cream, lettuce, cheese, brown rice and black beans on a WHEAT tortilla. I was waiting to see when one of these Mexican grill joints were going to start using some other types of tortillas... there are some great flavors out there. Seeing how Zabas is the only one I have been to that offers an option besides a white tortilla. They also had brown rice as an option besides white rice which was actually a nice change. The queso sauce here is not as good as Qdoba and they charge you extra for it here (which I don't believe Qdoba does) so that is a big reason for the -1 star. They charged me $1.25 for what rang up as a SM. QUESO for the half a scoop of queso sauce I asked for on my burrito.Overall the burrito was good... very flavorful. A burrito with queso sauce and a regular drink ran me $10. Bit pricey but at least it was good. The decor is nice and it was very clean. The location is not that great for them and I'm sure it hurts business but once you get to it its worth a try. I will be going back and giving a second opinion.
4	Just got home from eating lunch at Zaba's. No problems or complaints from this place! I ordered the shredded beef burrito [$6.89] that came with your choice of white/wheat flour tortilla, white/brown rice, black/pinto beans, salsa pico de gallo/seasoned corn/green tomatillo, shredded cheese & lettuce. My main man ordered the carnitas burrito [$6.49], same choices. The total came to $17 with a small soda & brownie :) The burritos seem bigger than the other burrito places, but tiny me never really finishes a fat burrito in one sitting :P Zaba's seems to have larger portions & more variety on their menu. OH & that brownie we ate was bomb. I don't wana say it's as thick as the rice crispy treats they have at starbucks, but it's maybe half that size? Still a big size if you ask me [yea, that's what SHE said].. Anyway ...It doesn't seem as busy as the other signature gourmet Mexican grills, but I like Zaba's since they have healthier choices as far as the wheat & brown rice. They serve coke products & they have the tabasco sauces [jalapeno, smoked], also cholula! yum yumm.. Since it's in the same shopping area that LVAC is in, they probably have discounts for LVAC members. They also have their liquor license so they have domestic & Mexican beers. I know one of these days I'll show up there sweaty from the gym & drink some beer to gain those calories back. oOoh yes! haha
3	Zaba's - Saturdays, kids eat free!Vegetarian Burrito with a wheat tortilla!The place is clean with plenty of places to sit.  The employees are nice.  The food isn't bad for the price.  KIDS EAT FREE!  Take the family out for lunch on Saturday and save a few dollars.
3	Well let's start by saying that their cilantro pesto deserves a star all by itself. That stuff turns anything you put it on into amazing!Although, I unfortunately had to subtract 2 stars because I felt so rushed by the workers!! I barely had time to think what I really wanted on my burrito. There wasn't anyone behind me in line and only two people in the place. You would think they could be a little more patient with me, especially since it was my first time there and I wanted to customize my meals perfectly. I even asked a couple times about the workers opinions of what she liked best and she laughed and said she didn't know...It would be nice to have some more feedback from the employees here as well as not feel rushed and like I'm taking up to much of their time for my one order.On the upside, it's close to the LVAC gym and you can definitely make healthy options here. I like their wide variety of sides and sauces. They even have sweet potatoes! I will be back and hope to see improvements in the future. :)
4	A little more expensive compared to chipotle/qdoba. The shrimp was very delicious and the overall meal seemed healthier than similar restaurants.
4	Another great opportunity to check out a place I've been meaning to try, thanks to Groupon. The queso sauce was super yum yum. I got the nachos with the shredded beef. I found everything to be pretty good, but the queso sauce outshone everything else on my plate. My fella got the steak burrito with brown rice and pinto beans. I love that they have the option of whole wheat tortilla and brown rice. That's the great thing about this place. Healthy and non-healthy options unite. I'll definitely be back! More queso please.
4	I love this whole genre of eateries. Each one has it's pro/con's, and while I like Zaba's it is my least frequented of them all.I generally get the 3 steak taco's with just cheese and sour cream, as I am a very plain eater.  Zabas steak is nice and spicy, with lots of flavor.As a HUGE fan of Qdoba's Chips and Queso I had high hopes for Zaba's - but I found their queso to resemble melted plastic with peppers in it. There was nothingappealing about it at all to me.  My boyfriend really enjoyed it, but I did not.  The chips also lacked flavor and were just average.I can't remember what burrito my boyfriend got, but he really enjoyed it.  I'd go back, but not spend the money on the Queso.The service was great and the people were very nice, even though we came close to closingLet me tell you, my boyfriend was pretty excited about his Modelo with his dinner!
4	its close to lvac so if you need a little post workout recovery burrito, i suggest going here. i get brown rice, sweet potato, half chicken half steak, corn, tomato, green sauce, sour creme, and cheese. if anything, get the sweet potato. the flavor combo is perfect with the burrito.
4	This place beats qdoba and chipotle on taste and if that wasn't reason enough to come here I also come because I can get brown rice and wheat tortilla which is not an option at their competitor's spots.
5	The reasons I choose this place over Chipotle: Wheat Tortilla, Brown Rice option, pesto cilantro sauce, no charge for guacamole on items. I go here probably 2 times a week lately because it is a good option for a healthy meal. I usually get the salad with brown rice, black beans, chicken, pesto sauce and salsa. I also like the option for a wheat tortilla. Guacamole is fresh and has always been good. Great food, great healthy options, good service.
4	Zaba's is part of that "fast casual" concept that Chipotle etc are part of. I go back and forth between Chipotle and Zaba's to trying to figure out which one I like more. At Zaba's I like their salsas and the fact that I can get wheat tortilla's when I am in the mood for a burrito or brown rice when I am having the burrito bowl. My sons are big fans because on the weekends they have some type of "kids eat free promotion" which makes it a convenient stop after their basketball games!
4	If I'm hungover, or just hungry and looking for something quick, this is the spot I will go 95% of the time.  Not the best mexican food out there, but the portions are big, flavors bold, and service accommodating.
2	If you like Chipotle's, you will like this place, as they are identical. This is a "fresh and healthy" type restaurant. I went for lunch with my wife. Basically, you pick the item you want, I had steak tacos, and then you add the toppings you want, all for one price.    After spooning my "marinated, then grilled" steak into the tortillas from the hot line, I was rushed over to the cold line for additional toppings, bypassing beans, rice, etc. I had the lady go back to  the hot line to get the toppings I wanted then back to the cold line. I felt that I was being rushed through the line even though no one was behind me! I managed to find the only salt shaker in the place, and had to use Cholula hot sauce to have any flavor on the food. Very bland food, can't call this a Mexican restaurant in any way. Bland food, rushed through the line, not a good exp.   The only good things are guac was good, restrooms were clean, quantity of food was decent for the price.
3	Chipotle, Qdoba, Zaba's........Like many other Americanized burrito joints, Zaba's offers a lot of the same.  You choose your protein, beans, rice, salsa, fillings, they roll, you eat.  I may be the only person to hate Chipotle, so if you're a fan you may like Zaba's as well.My experience there wasn't all bad.  The place is clean, the staff friendly and happy to let you try one of the meats before choosing it in your burrito.  I don't think this is any better or worse than Chipotle or Qdoba, it's just that all these places are average at best.  I went with the shredded beef tacos.  The beef was a little dry and not too flavorful, but the hot salsa and pico de gallo helped. I had the chicken nachos as well.  The queso sauce they use is salty and while many people will like it, I did not.  I wouldn't come back here, but again, I'm not a fan of this type of place, so take my review with a grain of salt, or in the case of the queso, lots of salt.
4	I tried most everything on the menu here. I really love this place, it's way better than chipotle. They have options like wheat tortillas and brown rice, plus fish and shrimp tacos which are great. The steak is actually pretty good unlike the little chewy pieces of rubber u get at similar chains. The guac and brownies are excellent. Only complaints are I don't care for the flavor of the carnitas and they are a bit more pricy than their counterparts.
5	Ok so while I was living near here at 215 and flamingo I used to get zabas probably three times a week, was it healthy? No. Was it delicious? You bet! I still am tempted to go on my way out of the gym sometimes, and I still often stop in and get a burrito. Heres a tip from an experienced patron, get chipotle ranch instead of sour cream. Sour cream has no flavor, trust me you will be glad you opted for the chipotle ranch. Also the sweet potatoes are excellent! I highly recommend trying this place.
5	I'm a huge fan of Zaba's and a firm believer that it is far superior to Chipotle, Cafe Rio or any other similar restaurant for several reasons: - There's WAY more options - white AND brown rice, yellow AND sweet potatoes, shrimp AND fish tacos, steak AND shredded beef, quesadillas AND nachos, wheat AND flour tortillas.- The owners are friendly locals. This isn't part of a national franchise, so support your community! - Lastly: the cilantro-walnut pesto. It's refreshing, rich and one of the best things I've added to a taco.
4	I work near this restaurant and have eaten here many times.  The food is consistent and the service is speedy and friendly.  I like that they have both white and brown rice to chose from.The guacamole is better at this establishment than any other places that are similar.
5	Been a Zabas fan ever since the first one opened here. Always loved Chipotle but since I've discovered Zabas, I haven't eaten there in years! Just imagine Chipotle's bigger brother....on steroids...or should I say a health kick?They have everything they have and more. A choice between white and brown rice, a choice between white or wheat tortillas and a whole lot more! And they have Coke Zero! Whoot Whoot Holla!!!Staff is quick and know what they are doing! This location even offers free WiFi! I recommend everyone to try this place and jump off the Chipotle bandwagon!
4	I eat at Zaba's about once a month after working out at LVAC.  It's in the same parking lot as the gym, but I also appreciate the healthier options that they provide...such as:Wheat tortillas Brown riceSWEET POTATOESGrilled chicken/shrimp/fajita veggies They are not my favorite Mexican grill flavor wise, but the food is all good, the service is fast & friendly, and I love the extra options.
5	I really like Zaba's - I had the buritto bowl last night.  The line moves fast.  You get nice size portions.  Everything is fresh.  It's very clean and the service is always nice.  I enjoy their buritto bowl over Chipotle.
4	In a long search for inexpensive tacos we finally found Zaba's.  Excellent fast food.  It's like a 5 Guys or Subway for Tacos.  You can build your own like a Subway order.  Try it for a quick taco fix.
5	I love this place! I think their barbacoa burritos are better than Chipotles. Staff is friendly and the place is clean.
4	After an intense workout, I always get hungry. Zaba's is the perfect place to go after such workout. Zaba's is located in the same lot as LVAC. It has the same concept as Chipotle and Cafe Rio but with much healthier options. They had brown rice before Chipotle started to offer it. They have whole wheat tortillas. They have fish and shrimp. They win. I always order a salad with chicken. The awesome thing about Zaba's salads are that all of them come with guacamole, free of charge. I keep out the cheese and sour cream (sad face) to avoid totally ruining my workout. They also have toppings that Chipotle or Cafe Rio do not: sweet potatoes, cabbage, different salad dressings. The employees there are great. I walked in one time at 8:50 PM when they were about to close at 9 PM. I usually don't do this, but I was really hungry and wanted some Zabas. The employees were really nice about it. I still felt bad though...Portions aren't too small and they're not too big. I think they're just right. They have a good thing going on in prime location with yummy, fresh food!
5	Best burritos in Vegas......hands down!!! Red sauce is perfect!
3	its a little better than chipotle, same price range, the only thing i enjoyed were the fish tacos, which are not offered at chipotle. the fish tacos were good and freshly made, thats enough for me to choose Zaba's over Chipotle.
5	Whenever I'm craving a quesadilla I come straight here. There's just something about them that makes it so delicious. Maybe it's the cheese? I also always order a bag of chips to dip in my guacamole/salsa. There's many burrito options here, you can make almost anything you want. One of my favorite little Mexican spots.
4	Very good and quick food.  Guacamole is fresh and you geta choice of whole wheat or regular tortilla.  Nice service and very clean kitchen
1	I have tried to give this place the benefit of the doubt several times. The flavor of the food is good, no doubt about that. On 5-23-2013 I ate here with my son once again after approximately a year. They were short staffed, the poor guy who seemed like he was a supervisor was very nice, appologetic and worked as quickly as possible, great job there. Now for the food: WHAT A RIP OFF, they put about a tablespoon worth of chicken in my burrito. I said, "Could you spare it?' Sarcastically of course, he relented and gave me a little more. I have been in the restaurant business for many years, yes, he is entitled to a profit, however, the cost to put a generous or fair amount of chicken in the burrito is minimal. At $7 a burrito he is making a huge profit with those portions. I don't think I will go back now, I have given them enough chances. For the rest of you suckers, pay attention to what they are doing. The only reason that I gave them two stars is because they do have good tasting food. After reading some,  other reviews I wanted to add to it. In one review it was mentioned at how much he was charged for a side of sour cream, once again, they are entitled to a profit, and like myself when they first opened, I used to eat there 2 to 3 times a week and then they nickle and dime you. COME ON YOU SEE A PATRON IN YOUR ESTABLISHMENT MORE THAN A FEW TIMES A WEEK, TAKE CARE OF THEM. WATCH FARRELL'S OLD TRAINING VIDEO CALLED, "GIVE EM THE PICKLE"
5	I am not gonna lie this place is way awesome. I was totally surprised when m wife and I discovered it. We love chipotle and Cafe Rio but this place's salads beat any of those! Plus they dont charge extra for every little thing, not even guacamole! The people are just a fast and very nive and it is never packed. Go for sure! We had a great experience. Best thing about the salads, get the pesto lime sauce and sweet potato chips on it, to die for!
4	I've eaten here about 10 times already so I think it's safe to say that I love Zaba's. I've ordered both Bowls and Burritos. My usual order is Cilantro Lime Rice, Sweet Potato, either Carnitas or Beef, Medium Salsa, Sour Cream & Cheese. I also order a Side of Chips, which has a hint of salt & lime, for 99cents! Can't go wrong with that.If you come as often as I do, it could come off a little pricey but I love the food and it's worth trying once, especially if you enjoy Mexican food. I think of it as a healthier version of Chipotle.
3	Chipotle. I'm sure it aggravates the owner to be compared to them, but that's what they are.  Not sure who came up with the concept first, but obviously Chipotle is bigger. The food overall was OK. Nothing to write home about and I think the prices are comparable.   The tortilla was a little gummy, but everything seemed to be fresh. The guac was decent.
4	Zabas. Zabas, Zabas. So far I am stuck with their bowls, burritos (shredded beef) and quesadillas, but I am anxiously awaiting their tacos and rolled tacos. Food is always well prepared and fresh, the staff is very friendly, and the store is always spotless ( That stainless steel Back of House is BEAUTIFUL) A word of caution: Red Sauce is reserved for satan himself, and while the green looks like a nice and comforting alternative, it will still make your ice water. O and the queso is to die for. ( Pretty sure there is cream cheese in it, how could it not be?)Thanks Zabas!
4	This is a great spot to hit up after the gym. It's located near LVAC on the South West Side at I-215 & Flamingo. It has ample seating and there are a few tables outside the front door if you want to eat outside.You line up to order your food and they make your food to order as you move down the line. You pick the ingredients you want in your burrito, taco, etc....and you pay at the end of the line. I like it here because they have grilled chicken, veggies, brown rice, and other healthy ingredients. You can also get bowls if you don't want the wraps. The portions are more than enough. I can't even finish a burrito there. The tacos are also very good. You get a choice of soft or hard shells.Stop in if you want a healthy meal after the gym.
3	I def had high hopes for this place from the hype they showed at Bite of Las Vegas & the reviews I read on here. I was pretty excited to see they had a burrito w/ chicken, steak, & shrimp, but they said they were out of steak. How do you run out of steak when it's a staple on your menu?!? When I did find something to order I realized that the setup is much like Chipotle. They did have an extra item which was the potato squares. I ended up getting a chicken burrito w/ the potatoes, cheese, brown rice, salsa, & lettuce. The burrito was a very good size, maybe slightly bigger than what you would find at Chipotle. Bit in & expected awesomeness, totally not the case. It didn't have the same taste as Chipotle, then again it didn't taste fresh. Not sure if it was the chicken or what, but if I do decide to try them again I would wanna try something else as it wasn't very tasty.The establishment was clean & the staff was helpful & friendly.
5	Great prices. Nice portion. Healthy ingredients. Salad is what I get. Love that it comes with guacamole! Perfect when I crave Mexican but want it healthy!
5	I have been frequenting this place lately for lunch and it is even better than before. I love the amount of food you can get. I went from the Chicken Burrito on Wheat Tortilla to a Salad with Chicken. I go for the corn, black beans, fajitas, brown rice, chicken, pico, cheese, guacamole, green salsa, and cabbage. Top it off with a water cup. Healthy and delicious. And very quick service. There is another place I will not name on the opposite side of the building that takes a very long time to order and get your food. This place is a great alternative!
4	Not bad, Zaba's!  I pass this place almost every day, as it is close to my gym, but I've never stopped to eat here. Today I decided to bite the bullet (or the burrito, as it were), and give it a shot.  This place is kind of like the Subway of Mexican food. You pick your type of food (burrito/bowl), the type of wrapping (flour or corn tortilla), the meat you want, and they'll slide you on down the line as you pick your fixings.  I decided on a chicken burrito with a flour tortilla. I particularly appreciated that beans were not mandatory on my burrito and that sour cream was not extra.All in all, it was pretty good. I felt like they were a little skimpy on the chicken, but all of the fixings were tasty and it was a sizable enough burrito. One thing that needed improvement was that it wasn't very hot. I am one of those people who likes my food piping hot, and this was just warm at best. The corn salsa also has lots of cilantro, just an FYI.Service was very quick and friendly, and the cost for the burrito was $7.59 (including tax).
1	Probably the worst burrito and bowl i have eaten in my life. I have no idea how a place this terrible get such high reviews. Ive been here twice and each time regretted why on earth i chose to. Taco bell or any fast food chain is better than what this place has to offer. Upon my first visit i tried there burrito. The tortilla they had gave me was ice cold as if it had just came out the refrigerator. It had a dry and chewy consistency, and the chicken was as bland as cardboard, i had to drown my meal in hot sauce just to eat it. The beans were extremely liquidly and after taking the first bite all fell out of the burrito ( not to mention it was poorly wrapped). The next time i came here i got a bowl, i figured theres no tortilla, they cant really mess that up but boy was i wrong, same problem with the chicken and it was still cold, i didn't even finish i had a few bites and threw it away. All i can say is that I'm never eating here again.
4	Not bad :) Not bad :) I'm obsessed with Mexican grills.  Portion size was good.  Meat was good.  Guac was Fabu!  But I would still have to go to cafe rio and rank that my top pick, but I would definitely come back here.  The service was great!!  The dude at the counter was incredibly chipper.  I was happy to see how HIGH the ameba sneeze glass was which made it a little hard to hear them as they took my order, but I'll take that any day over having peeps highjacking my grub with their infected germs :) :)  Anyhoo, all in all, the black iced tea was delish, and I would like to request a larger offering of faux sweetener - splenda please :)
1	Omg they give out toppings like they are going out of business and trying to make their last bits of food last.  I feel like I'm being rationed.  What the heck, how much can beans and rice really cost!?
4	In the age old war between Zaba's and Chipotle, Zaba's always wins out for me.  So much so that while the Eastern location which is closest to me is closed down in preparation of a new location opening soon, I drove all the way to this location instead of just settling for the Chipotle down the street.   That's partially not true as I was somewhat in the area before deciding to get some take-out for lunch, but it was definitely much less convenient than going the Chipotle route and dammit I still took it.This location seemed much nicer aesthetically than any other Zaba's I've been to.   That's not to say that they usually aren't nice because they are, but something about this one just seemed a step ahead.   It was packed for lunch but the employees were on top of their game in within a few minutes I was out the door with a couple Zaba Bowls to go.   I did my usual, a zaba bowl with brown rice, shredded beef, corn, green salsa, and lettuce.   It's about as healthy a meal I can put together at any of these fresh-mex joints that I can still enjoy.   I found it to be a good version of the same thing I've gotten 100 times at the Eastern location.   The shredded beef was nicely spiced (I've had it on occasion lack spiciness which I believe is due to it not being stewed long enough to soak it all in) and the veggies were fresh and as tasty as veggies can be.   My rice was a little mushier than I normally like it, so that was my only minor gripe.   I also shared a bag of chips and they were spot on as usual.   A good value became even better recently with the introduction of the Zaba's reward card with which every 10 entrees purchased you get the 11th free.   Points are doubled on Sundays.   Since I go to the other location at least 2-3 times a week and buy for 2, I average a free entree every 2-3 weeks.   WHAT HAS CHIPOTLE DONE FOR ME LATELY?   Exactly.
4	THE BEST MEXICAN FOOD - for the price! It's delicious and it's fast!! Every time the quesadilla is ridiculously tasty and the queso dip is addictive. They make great guacamole, too.  I usually have the steak tacos - you can't lose, really.  It's the perfect Mexican place for the perfect price.  I'M HUNGRY!!!
4	As far as my prowess on burritos go, I would have to say that Zaba's is up there with Chipotle as the top 'fast-food' quick service burrito-crafters around.The two restaurants are very similar in the simplicity of their menus, but Zaba's just edges out the competition with the addition of some seafood options which I have yet to sample.I have been to this location a handful of times and I have gotten the carne asada burritos and the pork burritos. I usually only grab a complimentary water cup with my order, and after stuffing the burritos with double-protein my total always ends up being around $11. It does seem a tad bit pricey, but the ingredients are fresh enough to warrant me shelling out the scrilla. They even offer two types of potatoes as ingredients to put inside the burrito. Typically after I grab my food and water I make sure to snag a bottle of the Chipotle Tabasco. Not sure why, but for some reason I go crazy for the stuff. I usually already add green hot sauce to my burrito during its construction, and there is something about that smoky chipotle flavor that makes the meal for me.
3	Good food and awesome location! An awesome addition to Downtown :)
5	This location in particular is really good. Great, fast service and good amount of meat/shrimp portions. During lunch time with a long line, the staff is always very fast and efficient. The manager Maria is always helping and right up front when the lunch rush is at its peak.  She is hands-on and very friendly with staff and customers. After visiting another location under different management, I'm even more impressed with Maria and the staff here. The location near my house is considered a better area of town, but this location beats them in my opinion. It's a bit of a splurge lunch for me only a few times a month with the shrimp bowl or salad coming in around $10. It's well worth it though, as I'm always super full afterwards.
5	Fast, delicious mexican food. I normally purchased Zaba Salad Bowl, few different items you can choice from. Black beans, Pinto beans, potato or sweet potato. Fajita, brown rice or white rice. I personally enjoy the steak and shrimp half and half. Added little corn and mild salsa. It's the best !!
5	I have been here several times.  Never disappointed with anything.  A little pricey for Mexican food but is always fresh and that's what makes it worth it!!!
