5	I love Dr. Venket! Since I've moved here, I've been frantically searching for a doctor that (of course) my insurance will cover for. I'm VERY picky of what doctor I see and Dr. Venket is perfect. The office is very clean and there's lots of comfy chairs in the waiting room. Her staff are friendly and polite, even when it gets really busy.Dr. Venket is so friendly, she treats you like an old friend. She really takes the time to listen to all my concerns and puts my mind at ease. She's very knowledgeable, on time ( you don't wait very long), and thorough. Dr. Venket always treats me like I'm her top priority (and trust me, I'm not sick, I'm very healthy and mostly come in for check ups.) even when the office is swamped. I feel like I'm in capable hands with Dr. Venket and if she can't figure out whats wrong, she'll recommend a really good specialist.If you want to see a good doctor, I'm used to waiting for months for your appointment, but with Dr. Venket, I'll be able to see her within a week, two at most! I highly recommend Dr. Venket! I love her and I'm sure you will too =)
5	I selected Dr. Venkat to be my primary care physician based on her internet reviews.  I am so very happy I did!!  I had my first appointment for my physical today -- Everyone in her office was extremely professional and friendly although they were quite busy.  I barely had time to fill out the required paperwork before I was taken into the back so a technician could weigh me, take my temperature and blood pressure.  Then I was escorted into an examination room.  Dr. Venkat joined me within 2 - 3 minutes and immediately I could tell that this was definitely the doctor for me!!  Dr. Venkat's bedside manner is extremely warm and friendly -- I felt like I was speaking with someone I had known for years.  You can tell she genuinely cares about her patients by the questions she asked.   I also had an electrocardiogram and blood work done -- All in all I was in and out within an hour, so the doctor and her staff got the job done quickly but not in a 'get them in get them out' kind of way.
5	I was given Dr. Venkat's name from a friend and I am so glad to have her as my doctor. I have seen her only one time but that experience was better than any doctors visit I have had. The staff is efficient and organized and very pleasant. The woman who took my information and vitals was so sweet and she worked quickly, getting me settled as soon as possible. I waited only a few minutes for Dr. Venkat but would have waited much longer. She was so sweet and funny and instantly made me feel comfortable. When she realized I was going to need to see an orthopedic surgeon for my problems she called and got me an appointment for the next business day. I was so impressed. I would highly recommend Dr. Venkat to anyone looking for a primary physician in Las Vegas!
5	I went here for my first visit for a physical and to get a medical release signed. The main difference between Dr. Venkat and other doctors I've had is that she's engaging. People told me how nice she is, which while true only describes part of it. She is easy to talk to and genuinely cares what you have to say. This is a quality rarely found in doctors. You can't fake that. I felt like I was having a conversation with an old friend after less than five minutes, and she has a good sense of humor which something even more rare in the medical profession. Even though I was only in the office briefly, I left with all of my questions answered. I am excited to have Dr. Venkat as my primary care physician which is something I've never felt before.
5	I love Dr.Venkat! If you are looking for a good family practitioner go to her. I was referred her by my therapist and she is always friendly and genuinely cares. But the best is that her office is open on Saturdays for convenience and she does not have a long wait time.
1	Called to make an appointment. Was asked what insurance I have and told her I didn't have insurance. She said Dr. Venkat wasn't currently taking cash patients. Wtf! Seems kinda rude.
1	I went with 7 issues including a broken toe, a thyroid disease, anxiety, depression, OCD, and PTSD, and a personal matter, and I left with 7 business cards from Dr. Venkat. My husband loves her because he has asthma and she does natural remedies and listens to him. So with all my issues I couldn't wait to try a doctors office that would actually spend time with me. That was far from the case. She refused to even LOOK at my broken toe, refused to look at a personal matter for me, wouldn't give me a refill of my Xanax even though she was the one that gave it to me, and even after I started crying that I paid a co-pay, waited for the appointment, I'm not getting any help, she still wouldn't do anything. My husband and I have not been back once. Didn't feel the need to post a review this bad until today when I called for an old refill of my thyroid pills I have to take EVERYDAY after I had moved way across town (she's 35 minutes away from me now) and was given a hassle. After even being spoken to rudely, I PAID MY MONEY AND GOT NOTHING my last visit, so at least lend your best ability to be nice and shut up. Stop yelling at me for a fax number for a new pharmacy and getting mad, rushing me off the phone when I don't have it, because I just moved. I refuse to go back to her to get more business cards. I went to an urgent care a week later, nervous and scared to get the same results and they TOOK CARE OF MY EVERY NEED, and actually gave me referrals, NOT BUSINESS CARDS. I cannot believe in this day and age doctors offices don't consider themselves a business, that is why we can review you on Yelp, because you like a restaurant or coffee house, serve people. And my last experiences with you have been anything but service.
5	I have been a patient of Dr Venkat for several years and she and the staff have always provided timely and through service. She is caring and always interested in providing the best care possible. I have never had a problem getting an appointment, renewing a prescription, or getting great advice on my care. I have lived in Las Vegas for 35 years and used several doctors and she is among the best.  I feel very fortunate to be able have her as my primary care doctor.
5	I have been a patient of Dr.Venkat's for 6 years now. Along the way she has gained my husband as a patient as well. She's wonderful. She spends time with you and never rushes you. She always makes you feel comfortable. We just love her. So nice to finally have found a great doctor here in Las Vegas. And her staff is great too! Always very kind. We highly recommend her.
