2	Boo!  Super small and by 11 there were no more chairs to lay on.  The pool boy had to bring over chair cushions for us to lay on the ground.  Oh, and this was a European style pool but I only saw two pair of boobies!  No fun!
1	My girl Jen is being too nice to this place.  One star if that, pool was super small and the ppl there had either gut hanging, grandma going topless with her new set of boobs, or girls that had boob jobs that were way too big for their skin to contain....yikes...ouch!  We got there early and they still didn't have any chairs!  WTF?  Skip it!
2	I have been here before and had a great time,this time,not so much.We paid $200.00 for a bed by the pool,the waitress,a girl about 25 long black curly hair and NO boobs, acted like she was hasseled EVERY time we ordered a drink,even though she was getting 15%  tip added to bill automatically.There was a Pure club promoter named Katie that was one of the RUDEST people I have ever met,she is just foul,she has ALOT to learn about promotions,so my review is just barely fair,try somewhere else!!!
5	I'm very surprised by the bad reviews on here for this pool because I really liked it. So my experience was I was walking by this pool with my gf in my swimming trunks. At first I assumed the guy at the front would be rude and act like this was some exclusive place. It was nothing like that at all. He was very friendly and didn't charge us anything to come in. I'm not sure if they no longer have a cover charge or just didn't charge us because both my girlfriend and I have nice bodies. We then walked in and it was such a relaxing place. There were no kids running around acting silly like the other pools. Some people on here complained about the waitresses but I just walked over to the bar and got my drinks. The bartender was a really nice guy. My only gripe is that most of the girls weren't even topless. Why go into a topless pool and not take off your top. It made my gf too shy to take her top off. Luckily we met some friendly people from England and they all had their tops off and we had a fun time.
4	We went to Venus pool on a Sunday around 3pm.  We didnt have to pay cover charge, not sure if this was because it was late or because we are relatively attractive.  Also, we got a pool bed for $20!!! Quite the deal.  We ordered a pitcher of Mojitos and that wasn't worth it. It was super watered down and good enough for only 3 drinks. All that for $54 (they charge you a surcharge). Other than that, girls were pretty, some topless, some prostitutes but that's to be expected in Vegas. And of course the typical creepy men trying to get a view at any womans rack. Overall 4 stars.
3	Being actually from THE topless or nude nation in europe (we even shave! we even pee on the side of the autobahn buttnaked) but living in Las Vegas now, I was really dissapointed! The water was so luke warm with all the guys sitting it (probably adding some sort of protein to it) there were not many ladies topless. Some were very attractive, and with their guys of course, the ones that were alone were not so much in the attractive corner. Guys outrank the girls for sure and if you are a good looking one you get in for free :) there are a lot of good looking, very drunk dudes there.
1	Saturday August 7, had Cabana no3, lame party, lame music,& for $750 per cabana have your staff smile! Moved the party after a couple of hours to the regular pool and we ended up having a blast...
3	My group has a pretty good time here. The pool is one of the smallest at Caesar's Palace, but very private and secluded. Girls are always free and guys have a $20 cover (unless you're cheapo like me and buy tickets off eBay haha.) The bouncer laughed when he saw the comp'd tickets and said they were ancient but still let all 4 of our guy friend's in without cover. Upon entering, we were presented with pink cocktails that tasted pretty good. There are a lot of "reserved" day beds and cabanas, but if you're early or lucky enough, you can score a lounge chair. My recommendation is to look for the tables in the shade in the back by the bar/food area. There's plenty of seating over there and you're close enough to the pool to keep an eye out on your belongings. The music was pretty good and supposedly Ja Rule was going to be there the next day (ha...really?!) anyway, the food tasted pretty good albeit pricey, but everything in Vegas is pricey. The drinks were strong; debatable if it was worth $45+tax+tip for the pitcher. Note: leave your cameras at home. You can't take pictures in here since tops are optional. Oh and a perk is no screaming kids like all the other pools.Quick note: if you friend/"like" Caesars Palace on Facebook they'll have occassional posts about this place on how to get in for free and also if you RT some msgs on Twitter, you can score yourself a free cocktail.Not sure I'll be back...if it was free again for everyone, maybe ;-)
3	located at the Caesar's Palace, very Roman/Greek like. there are 3 pools - one swimming fountain, another regular across and one more located in the VIP lounge. the pools are kind of small, but i really liked the swimming fountain with the waterfalls. i saw Shaggy perform at the VIP lounge and went up to dance with him haha. there's a nice promoter named billy hooked us up.they have fat tuesdays inside so you can bring it out and sip!
2	There's really no difference between the Venus Pool club and the regular pool area of the Caesar's Palace except for:(1) Tops are optional.  So you get to see European style ladies wander around topless.  It's nice when they're hot.  Not so much when they're old and droopy.(2) Seatings are very limited.If you just want to chill by the pool, the music outside is better.  Sometimes they have performances here, which might be worthwhile.  The beds are $100 rental.  You may be able to work some deal with them if you spend $100 worth of drinks and get the bed free on a slow day.
2	Drinks are expensive here--but then again it is Vegas... But the pool here is just ok.  I would prefer to lounge on the regular side bc there is more room, but Venus is good to check out if there are performances.  The downside to this place is that there is hardly anywhere for you to sit.  The music is good, crowd is ok.  Tops are optional -and they also charge.  We go here for the performances only and we always stay at the hotel so it's convenient to just go down to the pool.  And we go here bc some of my friends like going topless.  With all the renovation that they did, the pool should've been bigger and had more places for people to lounge around.  Regardless, I've been here 2-3 times and always make the best of it.
2	The pool water is gross and the entire area was smaller than i expected. It seems even smaller when it's filled with "juice heads" and weirdos wrestling in the pool. I'd rather pass on the topless and go to a free pool.
2	When there are so many other great pools in Vegas, why go here? I highly doubt I would ever go back here again. I was expecting ambiance, but got none. I want some lushness and a place to relax. This is not such a place. Boring, not much going on, very small pool, sound sucks, etc. Sure, it's free for ladies (like every other topless pool in Vegas), but even free won't entice me back here.
4	I have to redo my previews review. I started to really like this pool. Yes its smaller and yes the guys are pervy there but its a fun adult style pool with strong drinks and you can have tons of fun there! I started going nearly every week.
4	The Venus pool was a ton of fun! I went with my boyfriend, and three other couples. This isn't your typical crazy/crowded/party atmosphere, it was a bit more mellow than some of the other pools. It's a smaller pool ( but I think that adds to the party atmosphere... you actually talk to people.) There were lots of beach ball games going on which was a blast. The drinks are typical vegas prices, but really not too bad. ($8 for an awesome tequila shot, $8 for blue moon beer, $16 for a 16.oz mixed drink), and you can get a drink pretty quickly. It was a European style pool, and as the party went on, the tops started coming off! Overall it's definitely worth a try- the area surrounding the pool is really beautiful! They played top 40 and hip hop music, which was a lot of fun. definitely a chill place to hang out.Sidenote: When I was there, Jason Derulo did a performance on the side of the pool, which was cool. He was only there for a little while tho and then it went back to the DJ.
3	I was unaware that this was a topless pool until our group was already being ushered to our cabana. It's a nice little secluded pool that isn't overly crowded. Not the greatest 'party' scene, but more relaxing and a place to chill. Areolas everywhere. Careful of what you bring.. No gum, eye drops, or basically ANYTHING (we had people who had advil or pepcid). Then again, they don't check down your bathing suit....They also have a no pictures rule. So if you're a fb whore looking for your next profile pic, this won't be the place for you. Or if you're a large group of Asians that needs 50 group pictures, you may also be disappointed.
4	Very relaxing atmoshphere.  If you are looking for big pool party you will be disappointed here.  The wife and I went on a Sunday, it wasn't crowded at all (we arrived right at 11), The drinks are priced comparable to other places on the strip, around $8 per beer and $15ish for mixed drinks.  The staff inside was friendly, the door guys seemed a little full of themselves but that is everywhere you go so to be expected.  Very nice, clean pool.  The water temp was very nice and to our surprise you can now be topless IN the pool which has changed since a couple summers ago.  You can not walk around topless, (to the bar for example) but you can lounge in your chair/area and take a dip in the pool.  Pool temp was very comfortable and refreshing and CLEAN.  If you have been to the other pool parties in Vegas you know what happens when you have 1500 drunk people in a pool...Very relaxing, people mostly kept to themselves with some light mingling, a small non competitive litle volleyball game with the beach ball... The sun stays on your the entire day but there are places to find shade which makes it enjoyable on our scorching summer days.Will be back for sure.
4	I am a fan of Venus.It's not a crazy Rehab set up (and that's a REAL shit storm) and it's not raunchy like (Wet Republic), it's actually classy and has an older clientele.Daybeds aren't overly expensive.Women can go topless here which is a plus and there are plenty of security guards, so don't worry about taking that top off ladies. I've been here several times and I have really never felt creeped out by anyone. Let a bouncer/guard know and they will regulate.The music can be hit or miss. This is a lovely spot to come on Sundays as tourists are leaving and/or are too hungover from the previous nights shenanigans.Venus may not be the hottest spot, but it doesn't fizzle out!
1	Other than no sunshine at the pool in mid oct seems like it could be a decent place. Why are they open 7 days a week, tell you on the phone they are busy, then you go and it's empty and all shade?
5	Wow I can't believe this place is ranked so low! I would give it a 4.5 but I round up so 5 Stars it is.  (I also notices that some of the reviewers were confused about the actual location of Venus and wrongly described the much larger, non-private Caesar's REGULAR Pool)Venus is blocked off with a large black curtain and guarded by security who do ID checks and a bag searches. PLEASE NOTE: DO NOT BRING DRUGS TO THE POOL-YOU WILL GO TO JAIL! You would think this is a no-brainer but thousands of party goers stupidly or carelessly think that the party capital of the world is cool with a little coke or popping an E pill to kick up the party fun. WRONG!!! No outside food, drink, or Gum! Bring SUNSCREEN!The Venus pool is my go to spot, especially on Sunday. Let me start by saying I'm not a big pool person and wouldn't recommend this place if you are looking for the wild and crazy famous Vegas pool party experience. I'm not a size 2 model who wants to be surrounded by perfect looking drunk people so I go to Venus. If you want the coolest, hippest, most awesome Vegas Pool party with the #1 DJ's in the world spinning then bring some extra $$$ and go to Surrender, Wet Republic, or Rehab. Venus is a great place if you are looking for a chill spot to lay out and tan with your girlfriends and professional gentlemen who know how to behave around half naked ladies. I also recommend Venus to open minded couples who are looking for a little Fun. Venus is great for a co-ed groups who like to get a little fun and flirty after a drink or 3. If you are European then this probably isn't going to live up to your grand expectations. Let's be honest you have a greater ratio of drop dead gorgeous men and women than even Vegas and you walk around naked everywhere. LOLUm for the Creepers, Peeping Toms, Men on vacation who obviously don't get action anymore from their wives, and Dirty Old Men: THIS IS NOT THE PLACE FOR YOU!! Stay away, far away and just do me and the rest of the Venus patrons a favor and go to the stripclub or get a hooker to your room and have some private fun. Ladies there is usually some nice European cuties to check out here! Oh and they have TV's in the cabanas with football-Go Green Bay.My favorite drink is the pink lemonade and they have a whole menu of tasty treats if you are hungry. I usually go with the Margarita pizza or a salad. Always fresh, fast, and delicious!Drinks are standard Vegas prices with beer being $10-$12, mixed drinks $12-$15, and specialty drinks $14 for the small- $32 for the extra large and I believe the pitchers are $50 and you get 5 small drinks in 1 pitcher.Most of the waitresses are genuinely friendly and the service is a solid 4 stars. Jenny is our favorite so if you get her be prepared for a laugh or two, she is hilarious. The security is very attentive and great at keeping the "creepers" from snapping pictures with those sneaky camera phone. Trust me I have seen all the tricks and you are not fooling me!! No Pictures retard and it's really rude too. Friends+Cocktails+FUN+Football = My Perfect Sunday Funday!!
4	I'm such a fan of this topless pool! It's one of my favorite hideaways on the strip. Sometimes it's just cool to hit the pool and not be immersed in a crazy party going on.. Venus is the perfect blend of fun and relaxation. You can be wild and crazy if you want, or simply hanging out and enjoying the atmosphere. The food and drinks are great and the crowd is always fun. Being a topless pool, phones are not prohibited and if they see you using your phone, you will have to put it away or they'll take it, but other than that, it's a great time.
3	The Venus pool is a European (aka topless) style pool at Caesar's Palace that is not really anything special.  The only real perk of being at this pool versus the main pool is that it is optional for women to wear their tops.  The downside of this pool is that they charge ridiculous prices for seating, even when no one is here.With that being said, we still had a good time.  The music and the DJs were good.  The atmosphere was very laid back, and it was a fun place to hangout for a few hours.  There were not many people, and very few ladies actually went topless.  I think we would have had just as good of a time going to the main pool, but it was worth a visit.  Now that I have seen this place, I will save my money next time and head to main pool instead.
4	Fun day! I expected more of the girls to be topless, but as it was there were only a few of us who got daring enough to bare it :) Fun anyways, and good strong drinks.  Better if you can find yourself a lovely foreign gentleman to shower your group with free pitchers, but that's another story.  Shitty that they don't let you sit on the chairs or couches unless you pay a hefty fee, but the free towels they provide made it bearable, we just piled a bunch of them on the pool deck and laid out on them.  Oh and we got in for free because we registered with FreeVegasClubPasses which is a nifty little FREE service that gets you into one beach club, one night club, and one strip club per day (ladies are usually free- sometimes with free drinks- and guys get discounted admission) so if you want to skip the line and the cover, I'd try that! All in all, I'd come back, super fun time and now I wish that every pool was topless!
3	Pretty basic, small & older pool...  the best part is NO KIDS!  You don't have to worry about getting splashed by kids jumping into the pool, screaming, etc...  The music is TOO LOUD.  Besides that, it's a nice place to go with an adult group to get away from the craziness of the bigger pools.
3	If it weren't for the free passes, we wouldn't have gone, nor would we have returned. I will say though it was nice to go to, a quiet (moderately) and relaxed environment where you can chill by the pool with a mostly 30's-40s, tops optional. There were a few people there the first time going topless and the GF decided to do the same. She didn't have a creeped out vibe by anyone and most everyone kept to their own business. The second day though was a big Bro-Fest. Definitely didn't go topless that day. We happened to sit in the lounge chairs on a Thursday and were approached by a guest services guy and he stated that there was a $100 charge for the lounge chairs and could accomplish that by both having at least a $50 bar tab. We told him there wasn't the same enforcement on a Wednesday and were politely told that they consider a Thursday at the weekend rates. He asked how long we would be there and we told him about an hour and a half or so because we were heading to the airport soon to leave. He let us stay in the seats and enjoy our last day in Vegas at their pool. Drinks: Don't even get me started. You need to come here either drunk or willing to spend ALOT of money. $40 for two drinks. meh :/Will I go back? Maybe again with free passes and being drunk already or maybe just visit my own pool. I just really appreciate the 21 over environment without the nastiness of "other"pools in the area...
4	Ode to the EuropoolVenus is an AMG managed Europool in Caesar's. Kinda hidden away from the hoopla of the tourists all trying to get away from our Vegas dry heat and screaming kids. and musclebound men with tribal tattoos who look like they just left a toga party and they're looking for the next available kegstand and the occasional female from out of town who's like "oh my god what happens here stays here." LIES ALL LIES CHECK YOUR FACEBOOK! I came here with friends Julie and Mike and they had friends from Boston in the house. Little did I realize it was like singing "A Whole New World" to them. I didn't think it was crazy. There were a lot of people that day - we had a great cabana. The manager was very nice Julio was his name! Very customer service oriented and definitely attentive to the guests( SHAMELESS PLUG on that guy needs a RAISE)The DJ was ok - a little too hippity hop for me. Drinks were good.  It's not like super topless yes there were some pretty hot girls walking around or splashing in the pool like the intro to "For Your Eyes Only" But definitely some women who walked out of the National Geographic magazine. But hey definitely entertaining. Overall the douchbaggery level was very minimal. People were nice and approachable. I think it was a great people watching experience. The food menu was typical pool food. Didn't care much for the pizza, but hey who really eats at a pool. Aren't you supposed to get crabs or something? Ahem Cramps....
3	It's a relaxed pool party compared to the other pool parties that I've been to.  The dj is good and the staff are nice.  If you like taking photos you can't come here it's discouraged.
3	Over priced! They charge $20 for men on the weekends. The pool is not the most popular in Vegas so it's not much of a crowd. It's mostly hotel guest over 50. They charge a $50 min for lunge chairs, $200 for the lounge bed and $300 for cabanas. I think that's way too much considering no one ever frequents this place. Save your money and go to Encore. On the plus side...the staff is very nice.
5	First off... NO KIDS!I mean isn't that part of the reason you go to vacation in Vegas?  Well it's one of my main reasons... Anyhow, I love the staff there, I've visited Venus pool about 4 - 5 times this year, and it's on my list of favorite pools.  Cool down to earth DJs that don't mind having a conversation, as well as good looking bar staff.  Hey there may be some old boobs there like others have said, but at the end of the day it is your choice to go in. One of the times I visited the Heineken girls were there and a bucket of beer was $38, not too bad in my opinion, maybe next time I will skip going out at night to grab a cabana here for the day. IMO lovely place, with good vibes, good music, and beer. :)
2	Pros: The pool area is beautiful, as all of Caesar's Palace is. Also the water was very warm and the music was pretty good... Not the techno I was expecting.Cons: If you expect to go to a pool and be able to grab a chair to lay in, prepare to pay. To get a chair you have to pay $100 in food and beverage credits. If you want a day bed prepare to pay $250. "It's only two of you?" asked the host, "okay, I can give it to you for $200". How generous. If you're not a baller and don't plan on spending $100 per person while you're there.. On top of entrance, this isn't the place for you. Glad we had passes to get in free!
3	The decor is minimalistic but with boobies on display what more do you need? Hehehe the cabana was nicely tucked away and comfy. The water was refreshing in the heat of the sun. The drinks you pay hefty for but good luck ordering one. We couldn't order at the bar if we were billing it to the price of the cabana (which had a minimum food and beverage price tag) and the waitress assigned to our cabana was nonexistent. Literally 2 hours in the hot sun without a beverage is unacceptable, thankfully the mini fridge had water stocked in it. Once we were able to flag down our waitress, her return trip with our drinks came out about 20 minutes later. Is it a gimmick to make people spend more money? It baffles me. Overall it's a decent venue, just needs better service.
5	It was kind of a surprise to see that Venus Pool Club have such a low rating because I had a good time. I went on a Sunday early in the afternoon and found the pool relatively uncrowded, which was fine with me. As expected of Caesar's Palace, the decor was wonderful. I appreciate the simple and well-maintained area. The pool water was clean and comfortable to relax in; the music was great and I could hear it well everywhere in the venue. I can't speak for the cabanas or lounge chairs because I only ordered from the bar, but service was attentive and drink prices were reasonable as clubs go. Seeing $16 frozen drinks and $10 beers didn't surprise me; it's Vegas, after all. I didn't order any of the food, but from what I recall, most offerings were in the $10 to $15 dollar range. The atmosphere was laid-back, mellow and unpretentious. There were no issues getting in and out and there were plenty of staff around to keep things controlled. Everyone pretty kept to themselves with the exception of one non-threatening guy dance-meandering around the pool. Demographics-wise, the club seemed to draw a 30s to 40s crowd and I was likely the youngest in the entire venue. With that being said, it was still a nice place to chill out.I don't really get the complaints about the boobs-- if you see old boobs and don't like them, just look away. It's not like the women are intentionally prowling to assault you with their granny mammaries because again, those people are likely content with minding their own business. It's a lovely place and I look forward to another visit when I return.
4	Venus was great!! We had lots of fun. Nothing super fancy actually just good music and vibe. It IS expensive though! You HAVE to get a chair or bed if you want to sit anywhere. Nonetheless, we had a great time! Cece was our waitress and she was amazing!Overall we would go again but probably plan better or not order too many drinks ;)
5	Our favorite place to relax and have fun during the day in Vegas.  The staff is so friendly - especially Angela, CC, and Erin.  Great food, too.  This pool club never disappoints.
1	If I could give this no stars I would. I would never return to this pool and we are currently staying at Caesars. After a hassle to get in (which thank god I was on a VIP list and didn't have to pay) I think my husband and I stayed in here for a half hour tops. I'm no prude so topless optional does NOT bother me. I'm not a jealous boring type wife. What I don't like is being treated like shit from employees and being ignored just because were a couple together. Don't worry..we took our money elsewhere where it was appreciated and gladly taken! There was all of 10 people here as well and the only ones topless were 50+.
3	ERMEHGERD NERPLESWhy do Americans think "European style" = "topless"? In America's collective mind, do European women just go about their business, sipping macchiatos, using the metric system, getting mani/pedis and free healthcare, in full-on top down convertible mode? SUNS OUT TWINS OUT BETCHES. Probs not, but America loves stereotypes.What we also love is $24 giant slushie cocktails, which are pretty good, and some PHAT BEATZ, which are better. The pool is not so crowded that it turns into brackish human soup like Wet Republic, so there's plenty of room to splash around to pumping EDM and spill shit everywhere. WOOOOALL YOU PEOPLE POSTING PHOTOS BROKE THE POOL RULES BY THE BY.(.)(.)BEWBS LOL
4	My friend's and I were staying at Caesar's Palace and decided we needed a leisure rest day from going out the evening before and of course will be going out later that evening. So we asked the front desk what the best place to go to was and they recommended going to the Venus Pool, where we got to go in complimentary. I have to say, this place was beautiful and pretty swanky looking. We got there around 11am and found a nice spot to rest our things on.    Since we weren't VIP and didn't care to upgrade, we didn't get luxury seating which look like comfortable beds/seats. However, we did relax, lounge in the pool a bit, chat up some good looking men, and ate a few snacks on the menu. Not too shabby of a relaxing morning/afternoon. ALSO, FYI, this is a topless pool and although I am no prude, my friends and I were not going to do that. LOL There were probably up to 75+ people at the pool by the time 1pm hit and it was getting overly packed. Funny thing is thing is that a few ladies went topless but they were around 40+ years old. None of us young uns were going to let the goods flop around. haha!! Great experience.
1	As a Vegas local I've never been so offended by a club-and I've been to lots on the strip especially topless pools! They kicked us out for dancing too "lude" so they say...and were so rude we will never go back! Artisan or Moorea (Mandalay) topless pools are MUCH better!!!
1	I have never been so disappointed at a pool in my life than my experience at this pool. I would never spend another dime here let alone recommend somebody to this topless pool. After spending $500+ we were treated SO poorly because a couple friends (both girls) were dancing on each other! They said it was inappropriate...even tho it's a 21+ pool?! Then when we tried to reason with with bouncer and apologize he said it was "too late" and kicked us out anyways!! Go to Moorea (Mandalay bay), the Wynn topless pool, or even the Artisan topless pool - all are way better and more accommodating!
