4	Located in the beautiful Forum Shops in Ceasars Palace. As I was shopping around I could not resist all of the shimmery, glitzy, sparkly bling in the windows. I have been looking at a crystal ring that I have wanted for some time. Normally I know what I want, walk in get it and leave. This day I was in the mood to really take a good look at everything.  Dangerous! There was a very nice lady, oh how I wish I remembered her name. She had blonde hair and she was wonderful. Not only was she not pushy at all, she showed me anything and everything without getting irritated and did it with a smile on her face. We had great conversation and she gave me awesome Customer Service. I did find the ring I wanted and my daughter a gorgeous ring as well. She has never had a real swarovski ring and I wanted to buy her a real pretty one as I missed her not being with me. I also picked up a small gift for a friend that was helping me out. The next day after talking with my daughter I realized she may not like the ring I had picked out for her. Went back downstairs to exchange it and the same sales lady had just gotten to work, she again was wonderful while helping me pick out another ring for my daughter. This one was more expensive and beautiful. Love this store as they have my favorite crystals that no one can come close to. This location is small with limited selection. She did tell me they were moving I believe into a larger store. Once they get into a larger store, five stars all the way. The service is wonderful, great shopping experience.
4	RV cupcakes and Hello Kitty!!!! What a great way to pull you in!!! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/etfMYJPvQD5eWa27TLtXxQ?select=o-ATgH6KQUa9Keeg15OUdgI was afraid to eat the cupcakes cuz they had some glittery stuff on it, but my mom happily ate one. My uncle was looking for crystals for my aunt and a couple of pretty things. Service was friendly and they had a great selection if you like to collect. Hello Kitty! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/etfMYJPvQD5eWa27TLtXxQ?select=W25u6zoG3OU5JP0MHkIoug
