5	Each room in this luxury country house hotel has a very different character, and all are very luxurious, almost to the point of being over the top. You'll feel very pampered after a stay here. The staff are very helpful and attentive, without ever being too 'in your face'.The hotel restaurant, 'Rhubarb' is very glamorous. The service is excellent and the food wonderful.
3	They offer a traditional dinner and a mediocre show, good stuff!  Plus, I discovered an uncanny love for haggis here!
5	This is probably one of the best hotels I have stayed at ever, and I have been in some crazy hotels, from the Gritti Palace in Venice to the Plaza Athenee in Paris.  None however were as warm and welcoming as the Scots running this prime Edinburgh hotel. It might be a short schlep out of the centre of town, but pound-for-pound, compared to the likes of the Missoni it is one helluvalot better.I ended up here the marathon weekend over the summer, and was only able to book 1 night.  Having arrived, I told them I needed another night, and within a couple of hours they squirreled me out enjoying afternoon tea in one of their beautifully decorated reception rooms to inform me that there was another night available if I so desired.From the moment I stepped through the front door the staff made me feel as if I was a long lost friend returning home.  Their courtesy and warmth was impeccable, and delivered with traditional Scottish gusto. No doubt to "remind me of my English-ness" they put me in the Churchill suite, and I wasn't disappointed in the den they had assigned me, which was super cosy and intimate.The grounds are surrounded by a large golf course and there are plenty of good vantage points for Arthur's seat and beyond.  It's a quite and idyllic spot to be in, and all the more amazing considering that the bounds of central Edinburgh and not that far away, with everything it has to offer.  Edinburgh taxi drivers are certainly friendly!If you are looking for a well-served, romantic weekend away, with excellent hospitaility, amazing restaurant (michelin-starred if I remember correctly) and great afternoon tea, then look no further than the Prestonfield House Hotel.
4	During this trip I found out that my daughter loves themed dinners. We ended up here at "The Worlds Most Famous Scottish ShowScottish Entertainment, Dinner & Wine An unmissable evening of Scottish music, costume, bagpipes, fiddles and dance in the magically historic setting of Prestonfield House. Enjoy expectional entertainment with wine and a gourmet dinner served by our kilted waiters"Although the food was unexceptional, think wedding or banquet meal, we had a grand time interacting with the LARGE tour groups that come and were entertained by the music and dancers.We even had Haggis, which I did not mind...reminded me of meatloaf they way they prepared it.
5	I would give my right arm to stay here again.This hotel is beautiful. Walking down the road, late in the night, through the lovely slightly lit grounds surrounded by fog made for the best arrival ever. I am still confused and in awe at how this place exists in the middle of town?! You would never have thought it when looking around the gardens from the plush breakfasting room. Especially when I spied some peacocks and a highland cow!? So back to the hotel. It is extravagant, decorated to the most amazing standard, and did I mention the lovely green gardens!? Surrounded by golden embossed wallpaper, lovely complimentary smellies and a very welcoming staff make this by far the best hotel I have ever stayed in.I may have felt a little out of place but I cannot wait to stay here, if I ever get the chance again!?
5	I am luck y enough to have fabulous friends that treated me to afternoon Tea on Sat for my Birthday.I dont think i have ever been in a hotel that is 5 star and felt so comfortable and special all at the same time.  Afternoon Tea was delicious and the staff who served us were extremely polite and attentive. The Hotel is beautiful and the gardens are equally as nice. I was even in shock at how nice the bathrooms are! The best place i have been for afternoon tea and the nicest hotels. I hope to be back very soon.
5	I love Prestonfield, it is my go to place for a bit of luxury and pampering. I actually can't believe that I haven't reviewed it many times before!My in laws got married here 45 years ago, (in what is now rhubarb restaurant) and have had a soft spot for the place ever since. They introduced me to the place about 8 years ago and I keep coming back.I have been here on more than a dozen occasions and I'm never disappointed. I love the afternoon tea here and I have had it in the antler room, leather room and even in the summer house in the garden. There you can watch the peacocks roaming. The attention to detail is fantastic, topping up your tea and placing napkins on your lap. I love a bit of grandeur and this place has it in bags full.The last time I was here with the girls for a birthday party, my friend collected her coat from the cloakroom to find they had mended the coat loop that had come detached at one side! How amazing is that, I have been telling everyone about that.
5	I've been wanting to try afternoon tea at Prestonfield for a *long* time. I love afternoon tea. When else can you stuff yourself with lots of carbalicious mini food and call it a meal?The highlight of Prestonfield is the setting, with service as a close second. The grounds are lovely (with penned highland cows and peacocks which we didn't see), but mostly the house itself is fantastic.  It is a proper stately home which means that the setting for afternoon tea is incredibly luxurous. The staff are lovely and attentive, and topped up our tea while having no apparent issues with our 2.5 hour visit. Admittedly, the food itself didn't rank highest in my afternoon tea experience - with somewhat mediocre sandwiches and good but not fabulous sweets (though the macaroons were the best I've found so far) - but we still left full and very happy with the afternoon. All in all a great afternoon and one I would happily repeat.
