3	I've been to many nail salons looking for the best place with reasonable prices & I actually like this place. The only downsides to this nail salon is the wait time since they have so many loyal customers & the extremely strong smell of chemicals (I'm pretty sure they have to open their door everyday). Other than that, I find myself going back for their customer service, reasonable prices & wide selection of acrylic nail designs.
5	I love this place! They are always very friendly & welcoming.
4	I have gone to this place forever. They are really great. Most that go there have their favorite nail techs, I personally love Tina and Leann, but after having my nails done by almost everyone there, I can say with confidence that if you tell them what you want they will try their hardest to deliver. Sometimes it can be a tiny bit difficult to explain clearly because many of them have accents, however, that is not a problem at all and they do a great job once they know what you want.Another thing I really like about this salon is that if something goes wrong, ie. a nail breaks or something falls off, or just any accident really, they are happy to have you drop in any time and fix it right up for you. They work hard after hours even if I walk in 10 minutes before closing time for a 40 minute job. Really hard working people!Oh yeah, and the pedicures with leg massage are sooo relaxing!
4	I've gone here twice and had great experiences both times.  All the staff is friendly and both the medi and pedis were nice.  Don't know the dude's name but he's always awesome, I couldn't believe he remembered me on only my second trip there.I don't know if all nail shops have this but all the pedi chairs were those big spa size ones with the back massage which is a huge plus for me!I was seated immediately both times but then again I went during the middle of the day on a week day so maybe that's why but it def works for me, haha.Definitely recommend this place, it's a little farther than another nail shop but worth the drive for me.
4	I love this little salon! They actually take time to ask how I am and carry a converation while doing this amazing work. They do great even when I'm rushing to make it back to work. Everytime I'm over here I make sure to drop by for my fills and pedi.
5	Walked in after business hours and Tina was still willing to take me in , she did a absolutely nice work on my first time pink&white nails , gel coated . Thanks Tina . Very Friendly atmosphere !
4	Great service from start to finish!! I recently came here for a pedicure and recieved a fabulous treatment. I was in dire need of some pampering and this place came through. Not sure what the gal's name was but she was awesome! I will be coming back here again :)
4	I had a full set and eyebrow wax on 12/15.  Today is 1/10 and there are no loose nails, no chipped polish, not one nail popped off; just need a fill and that's it.  I got exactly what I asked for and have had many compliments on my nails for a very reasonable cost.   There is a bit of a wait but once you are seated, the tech is quick and efficient.
4	Thanks to the powers of Yelp, I found Designer's Nails while visiting friends who live nearby. I stopped in for a pedicure and received fast and friendly service. They have a great selection of polishes and offer massage chairs for your pedicures. The prices are outstanding compared to what I get at home. I got both a manicure and pedicure for less than the price of a pedicure in Nashville. I'll definitely come back when visiting friends again.
4	I've had many issues with salons in Vegas and stopped getting my nails done for years. A friend recommended this salon and I have been very pleased!  The price is great, they staff are friendly, they do nice work and the place is clean and not over powering in chemical smell. If you can go there when there isn't a line they are very quick.  Weekends are very busy.
5	I came here because of the reviews and I absolutely loved it. Everyone friendly and fast service. Will be coming back.
5	Kelly does an awesome job on my nails. She's very customer service oriented, and a nice young woman. This place is always busy, and they have a good following. I've been to lots of salons, and my nails last much longer and look much better when Kelly does them.
5	Phil is great!  He is very diligent.  I got gel nails and they look so good!  I will definitely be going back.
5	great place, great service! VERY affordable too :) first time there, but not my last!
4	Have you ever watched cheers and everyone turns around and greets the person walking through the door? This is the feeling you get from this place!The people working here will usually remember their regulars and they're always very friendly. I don't come here all the time but it's the place I usually get my nails done. I like to get the gel, sometimes it's better to ask for an extra coat so it'll last longer. They're usually very willing to comply to what you really want. It's also affordable!
5	Went here an hour or so before closing to get a pedicure and a fill with gel overlay and what I love is that they don't care if they're closing soon, they will take their time to do a wonderful job. As soon as my best friend and I walked in, we were greeted with such warmth! And they even offered free drinks as we were getting our pedicures! Cindy was my girl and she did a fabulous job on my pedicure and nails! Such a sweet lady and was fun to talk to! This place is so far from me, but I will forever be going here now because it's totally worth it!
1	I only come here to get my eyebrows waxed. This is the place i'll go to if I don't want to drive to far to get my eyebrows done. They usually do a great job for $8, but recently they have been doing horrible. I do not recommend you coming here for your eyebrowsI also came here with a friend who wanted to get stiletto nails (pointy nails). They looked horrible, she had to go to her usual spot and get the nails removed and redone.
5	I found this place when I first moved here and was staying with a relative on this side of town. Now even though i moved out of the area, I come back because I love my nail technician Phil.  (No, there is never any confusion when calling in for an appt and they think I want a fill LOL!). This place has the best prices for the service you get.  They always offer you a cold drink and friendly service. Phil does gel polish and manicures on my hands and regular polish and pedis on my feet. He is friendly and fun to talk to while he works.  We almost have a love/hate relationship as he is sarcastic and playful just like me, and we banter back and forth. The only thing I don't like is I haven't found a chic in the shop that can do a good design on my toe after Phil is done, and he self admits that he has no skills in this area. If possible try to come in on Tues-Thur, because weekends are super busy!Either way, I will continue to drive across town for this place.
5	This has got to be one of the most friendliest nail salons in Vegas. Fast, friendly service! There is a man that welcomes you and collects payments only, making it an  uninterrupted quality maintenance stop for a wax or mani or pedi. Just love how nice they are always smiling!
1	MY TOENAIL GOT INFECTED. They cut the sides of my toenails, into the skin, which was very painful and even bleeding. After they were done they sent me home saying I would be sore for a while; however I ended up with a bad infection in my big toe, where they cut the nail on the sides so low and really dug into the skin. It was crazy. I'm telling you it hurt BAD!  Days later my toe was swollen and red/black/blue.  I had to go to the doctor, who gave me antibiotics that I now have to take for 10 days due to this infection; he advised me to be wary of going to this kind of place again. The tub or tools that they use must not be hygienic.  One good thing is, although they were very busy there was no wait. (Oh wait a minute, maybe the reason there's not much of a wait is that they're rushing to get you sat down and not cleaning the tubs thoroughly ....)
5	I've been going to this place for years. All the employees are friendly and do a great job. Cindy is my favorite, and even though I have to wait for her, it's worth it. I like my nails round, and she makes them perfect.
4	The best they will give you what you ask for and make sure you are happy with it the only issues is them on the phone when you are paying the to do something
1	Horrible!!! Will never go back. The man who did my nails when I first came in did a horrible job, do much so that another lady has to take over to "fix"it and yes she did a better job than him but that's not saying much.. She dug the tremal so far in my nail bed I was bleeding. And to top or all off they messed up the color!!!! So mad
