3	I liked the NP and the doctor just fine. The NP was really friendly - very helpful! And took the time to make sure my questions were answered. The following appt I had was for a super minor surgical procedure and Dr Thompson was really nice really helpful very calming. I liked her a lot.The thing that SERIOUSLY deters me from this place is the front desk! So not helpful, I dont think the girl at the front (same girl both times) looked up at me one time during her monotone, slightly irritated directions. So.. As wonderful as the NP and the doctor are.. I want to feel comfortable and excited to walk into an office. And it just doesn't do it for me there.
5	(This is the first time I felt the need to voice my opinion on yelp and this being such a personal matter, I hope it is useful to future women in my shoes).....As a first time expecting mom, this office has catered to all my obscure worries and fears with care. Always making me feel at ease and answering my questions to fulfillment. I had the unpleasant event of waking up with a kidney stone at 3 a.m. To make matters worse, try typing in "contracting lower back pain, third trimester pregnancy," on the web, instant scare considering I am only 29 weeks. I  called the after hours number and my call was returned by Laura, literally within two minutes. She calmly instructed me to go down to maternal triage at my hospital. I was greeted by Dr. Thompson, who just so happened to be hanging out at the hospital at 4 am, and treated within 45 minutes of making my first call.  This experience alone makes me feel confident when I go into labor this Sept, I know I will have the support of the team as promised. That right there takes a load off my shoulders and gives me the opportunity to enjoy the last few months of pregnancy. Furthermore, all my appointments have been pleasant and timely, their follow-up is reliable, and the staff is very friendly. Reading another review regarding the lady at the front desk... Don't let her fool you. She is a sweetheart and you will grow to like her. Not being chatty Cathy doesn't mean she isn't helpful or good at her job. Moral of my review: They have done an excellent job handling a high-matainance, over-reacting, scared to pieces, mom-to-be. And I couldn't be more pleased.
1	I called to schedule an appointment for a pap smear and to check out a suspicious lump on my breast. I was a little baffled when the scheduler told me the next available appointment was not until a few weeks, seeing as I clearly stated I need to get my lump on my breast examined. I may only be 22 years old, and it may be rare for a 22 year old to have a malignant lump, but I do have a family history of breast cancer that was conceived early in their 20's. As for my appointment, I had it scheduled at 7pm and I wasn't seen by the NP until 7:45. When the NP (nurse practitioner) came in, she checked out my lump and told me we need to get an ultrasound right away to make sure it isn't anything we need to worry about. When I had my pap smear she told me it looks like I have a yeast infection too. She also gave me "tips" about keeping your vagina healthy such as Douching. First of all, this is HORRIBLE advice. Douching is the worst thing you can do for vaginal flora. This is the main reason why women get vaginal infections and bacterial vaginosis. I had to laugh at her but she is a NP, she knows what she is talking about...There were two things that really bothered me about my appointment. The scheduler after my appointment told me she would call me the very next day to let me know the time of my ultrasound at Good Sam. I never heard from her the next day. This is very frustrating for me because I had to wait a while to even get in to see someone and now that I have a suspicious lump, I feel like we are just taking our time for something that needs to be a priority! Second thing is that I was clearly told I have a yeast infection and was not given any prescriptions to take care of it. I really feel like the office just does not care about my health or concerns and didn't do anything to make me feel comfortable. It was just a waiting game; wait for your appointment, when your appointment finally comes wait an hour for the doctor and wait some more to have an ultrasound scheduled. I will NOT go back here again.*update--I called to see why they hadn't called me back to schedule my ultrasound and they acted like I was dumb--saying that they gave me the order to schedule it somewhere else. They basically lost my order and are going to research my situation and see what happened. I HAVE A LUMP ON MY BREAST and this is how they treat situations like this. I'm very disappointed.
5	I have been a patient of Doctor Johnstone's since approximately 04/2007.  I have seen her through thick and thin, joys and sadnesses, 2 breast lump scares, abnormal papsmears, etc.  No matter what troubles and health concerns God presented me with, Dr. Johnstone was there to calm me, lend an ear to any and all of my concerns, and to move forward with appropriate treatments.I was overjoyed last May to learn that my husband and I were expecting our first child.  I could not wait to go to Dr. Johnstone's office to tell her the news & talk with her about the prenatal care that was to come.  Unfortunately, due to the fact that it's a 45 minute to a 1 hour drive to Dr. Johnstone's office, my husband asked if I could please find a doctor closer to our home in North Scottsdale to go to for the prenatal care as he did not see any sense in driving so far south to frequent appointments when there were perfectly capable doctors much closer to home.Hesitantly, I agreed to switch doctors.  I asked my primary care physician at Mayo Clinic Thunderbird who she would recommend and she gave me the name of an OBGYN only about 15 minutes from my home.  My husband and I visited them for several appointments.  The doctor and the office staff were courteous and nice.  They seemed to know what they were doing/talking about.  However, this doctor WAS NOT Dr. Johnstone.  I missed her, her patience with my questions, her terrific way of explaining things to me in a way I could understand, etc.  After I cried and cried to my husband to PLEASE let me switch back, I returned to Dr. Johnstone late in my 2nd trimester for the remainder of my pregnancy.  My baby is due Feb 7th 2013 & I couldn't be happier I made this decision.  I could not imagine anyone other than doctor Johnstone delivering this baby.  I have read the reviews others have posted regarding not being pleased with the front desk/office staff.  I have not had that experience.  They are running a business and sometimes they are very busy and down to business, but I find that if you greet them with a positive attitude, a smile, and your respect, they will be equally respectful to you.  I would definitely recommend Dr. Johnstone and her practice to anyone.  It is true sometimes they run behind and you need to wait to be taken back for your appointment a little late.  I am not put off by this as I worked for Social Security for approximately 8 years and I understand what it's like to fall behind when giving your full time and attention to each individual as they deserve.  Also, I would imagine it would be reasonable to think some patients may be a little late for their appointments causing the whole office to fall a little bit behind.  It does not turn me off at all, and I will gladly continue driving the distance for this high quality of care (& genuine caring) in the future.
1	I am 25 years old. I just moved to the area from Philadelphia and was looking for a OBGYN. I do not recommend Central Phoenix! My experience was terrible. The receptionist was very rude over the phone, but I decided to give her the benefit of the doubt because maybe she was having a bad day. After making my appointment I received a call a few days later that it needed to be rescheduled because the doctor was taking that day off. The lady on the phone was not apologetic about the inconvenience as I had already planned to take the day we had arranged off from work. I had an appointment scheduled at 5:30 pm however due to bad traffic I was running late. I called to let them know and no one answered so I left a message. When I arrived the receptionist at the desk was rude again and told me that because I was  little late the doctor could not see me. I tried to explain that when I called no one answered and she again was rude and unapologetic. I am currently looking for another OBGYN.
4	Not going to lie...my first trip here I was not impressed. I didn't like the medical assistants because they were not very friendly with you as well as the front desk. But when you get back with Dr.Johnstone you are good (: My first trip was for a new patient consult. My second and more enjoyable experience was for my well woman exam. Dr. Johstone is AMAZING. She makes you feel welcome, wanted, and is very thorough. She sits with you and chats and always makes sure your questions are answered.
5	I've only been going here for just under a year. I'm expecting my first child and had a lot of questions, and everyone from the front desk all the way to the doctor answered every single one of them.. No problem. Dr. Gibson is my doctor, she is very helpful, and she has answered every question for me, she is kind and asks questions about my family just to get to know me. I feel very comfortable going here and I would recommend it to anyone.
1	I recently found out I was pregnant and was researching OBGYNs in my area (Downtown Phx) I tried out this place because it was right near my house and the reviews seemed ok.  From the moment I got to the office I was already turned off and regretted coming here, I arrived 15 mins early and filled out all my paperwork and STILL waited for an hour just to be seen! Everyone in the waiting room was called before I was and I wasn't even seeing my actual Dr, I was assigned a PA instead.  I did the usual Urine sample, and they took my blood and vitals but the PA kept asking me questions I already answered to the nurse which made me notice she wasn't even looking at my file nor had it with her, she was just taking notes on the Patient info sheet I filled out.  She breezed through a low quality ultrasound and I had to ask her for pics which were blurry and barely even worth printing when I saw them.  She explained that I would be going to a different facility in 2 weeks for the ultrasound and then go back to their office for the check up which I wasn't happy about having to go to multiple places but understood.  When she finished I had to ask her about the results of the UA since I told her I felt like I may have a UTI, she told me everything looked fine but they would have to send it out to get those results (I've never heard of not getting UTI results the same day) and that she would just send a script for an antibiotic to my pharmacy which would be ready when I left there and that they would call in a couple days and tell me the results and I could stop taking them if they were negative.  I waited until the next day to go to the Pharm and no script was sent, I called the OBGYN and explained there was supposed to be a script for an antibiotic and they said they would send it over. the next day the pharm called to tell me my script for prenatal was ready but that was all that was sent. I didn't even ask for prenatals since they're over the counter!!!! called the DR AGAIN and had it sent over, still no call from the Dr regarding my results but I thought I would wait another day.  still a week later and 3 calls asking for my results and I had to call THEM to find out that the results had been in and are negative but the PA must have overlooked needing to call and let me know.  I have requested my file and am switching to Maricopa OBGYN, I'm very disappointed in my first prenatal Dr visit as this should be a happy time and your doctor should make you feel comfortable, I hope Maricopa can turn this around and make it a positive experience for me as it should be.
1	Wow. I have been going to this practice for 3-4 years. I have had some troubles with them in the past but this is the kicker of them all. I just called and explained to the person at the front desk that I have been having some breast pain and didn't know if I should come in earlier than my Oct. 1st  Well Woman exam. Her response was, "Well, if you come in early you will have to pay for an office visit." I said, "well if I wait I'll just talk to her about it at my Well Woman." Her reply, "if you talk to her about it then, then you will be charged extra." My reply, "just for talking about it??" Her reply, "yup, I don't know what to tell you. Just go to your primary care physician." I then explained to her that this was a gynecological issue... No response. Her overall tone was brash, rude, and short. Did I mention uncaring.Unbelievable. Never, ever have I been so appalled. A woman calls and says she has breast pain and isn't sure if she should come in and this is how the front desk responds!! I'm outraged and waiting for someone to call me back from the office. I think Dr. Johnstone has the right to know how the front desk is treating her patients.
1	I  followed my NP to this location from John C Lincoln and figured the service would be similar. I was running late to my appointment and called to notify them but the  phone message said I called after working hours but that was not the case as I called from 2pm-2:30. When I got there the receptions was rude, told me I had to reschedule and when I mentioned  calling  she brushed it  off as if it didn't matter. I filled out my paperwork and noticed they have outrageous fees for everything from filling out fmla forms to copies of paperwork. I rescheduled but after this I plan to never go back.  Most unpleasant service from the beginning and from the reviews, I'm not the only one left  with a bad impression.  I will just start with a new  doctor at JCL.
1	I moved back to the Valley and since I had been  to this practice three times prior  ( four and six years ago) and had a good experience, went back. Although the reviews concerned me, I was only going for a well woman exam - so I was not worried. My appointment was on time and the NP  that I dealt with was friendly and professional (although while waiting for my exam, I heard the entire conversation from the patient in the next room- she had a 22 year old child, menopause was coming, and she was fitted for an IUD. It was nothing to me - but I can only imagine if was it could be if someone had some issues- and it was overheard by a stranger.).My blood was drawn by the nice, young lady that did my vitals. While she was drawing the blood, I over heard people in the office saying that that the one who drew blood had called in sick, and they were trying to get a replacement. (Poor girl that drew my blood - I had a six inch by two inch bruise for over a week - and yes, my employer asked me about it). Results for Well Woman were fine but because I had some pressure I called to speak with the NP. I had to called three times because she didn't receive the message. She said she would give me an order for an ultra sound and I chose the facility (not trusting this practice at this point).I did what they said to do and showed up - at the Ultrasound facility (GREAT) and they did not have the order. I had to  call again, an get it. I did the test and NEVER heard back the results. I had to, personally, go to pick up the record-  found another OB/GYN and asked that my records by sent to me - immediately. The woman I spoke with said she would put them in the mail the next day (Friday) - but to date ( a month alter)  I have not received them in the mail. I am 50 years old and this is the first time I have ever posted a review. No wonder the staff constantly turns over.............I plan to file with the BBB.....Avoid this practice at all costs...............This is the most unprofessional medical organization that I have ever dealt with in my entire life  AVOID.
4	As an East Coast transplant, I admit it is very difficult to find doctors with great bed-side manners out here in Phoenix.  I can't pinpoint why doctors out in the west seem so irritated until I met Dr. Sharon Thompson.  She is down to earth, easy to talk to, and  makes every visit worth the trip and the co-pay.  Yes, the girl at the front desk could use some attitude adjustment but I'm happy with Dr. Thompson and that's all that matters to me.  So, the four stars reflect just that.
