5	Nice music, some comfortable leather chairs, outlets available for laptops, free wi-fi. Oh, and really good coffee for really low prices.
4	I have had some very good coffee at this cafe.   I think the Obsidian beans are excellent but my wife disagrees.   Anyway, I like them better than Starbucks but there aren't too many around.  It would be nice to see more local coffee shops spring up in this area.
4	It may not be cool, but I love Caribou Coffee.First, I love this specific location because it is actually relaxing. It isn't loud, super bright (or super dark), and generally doesn't have groups of people talking loudly. So, it is great for studying and reading. Second, I like it because it isn't pretentious. It's just a place to get some tasty coffee drinks, maybe a snack, and hang out for a while. No unspoken dress code. It feels like the kind of place my Mom would hang out.Third, the coffee is good. It isn't amazing, but it is pretty darn good. The Caribou Blend is my favorite roast of theirs, but I haven't had a bad drink yet. I often order a miel and they are always spot on. There may be some shops whose coffee I enjoy more, but this is a place I can go when I want to unwind, focus, and get things done. That is something special.
4	Caribou Yoo Hoo!Friendly is their middle name, no first name too!Lots of tables, natural light and coffee is their game.Not a huge selection of edibles, but enough to keep you going during your work or coffee date.Service is stellar.  With Starbucks across the street, they don't seem to be lacking in customers at all... Hmmmm.
5	My friend wanted to go to Starbucks- she's an addict- and it was so loud even she didn't want to wait for coffee. Instead we went to Caribou- she loved it and it was so peaceful! We may have a convert! :)
5	I love this place! Wish we had more of them!
5	Went here for the first time the other day. I actually did not plan on going here but Starbucks was way overcrowded. I decided to go to Caribou as it was nearby and I needed my coffee fix. I was pleasantly surprised as I walked into Caribou. It has a great atmosphere and is very welcoming. The Baristas are awesome and very friendly. Definitely was not overcrowded like Starbucks and the coffee is way better. I will definitely be going back.
