5	I moved to the Rhodes Ranch area a year 1/2 ago, and have been coming here since. Crystal does my pedicures and does such an amazing job, I never want to get out of my massaging chair as she works my feet gently to perfection. My husband gets his eye brows waxed and I am very picky about who I let touch his brows. But Mindy ,Or Crystal do excellent work! I would travel to come here. The nails for manis, and acrylic are so well done, and although they are super crowded, they will take you no problem. Highly suggest this place! I am not easy with my pedis, but they rock!
5	One Sunday, I was in desperate need of a mani/pedi, and drove around for 30 minutes trying to find a nail salon that was open. I will never understand why most nail salons are closed on Sundays in Vegas.  Anyway, Star Nails is kind of hard to see, so I had already driven by when I finally saw it, but I busted a u-turn & Score!.Candy gave me the best pedicure I've had in years. She took her time & made sure all my little piggies were given the attention they deserved. My feet are extremely ticklish & I normally do a bit of squirming, but not w/ Candy. When she was done with them, the bottoms of my feet were so soft & smooth.  She also gives the best foot massages; I almost dozed off. And, for the first time ever, my toenail polish lasted the full 2 weeks, until my next visit. No chips or peeling. Who knew that was even possible?!As for the mani- Candy rocked at this too!  She shaped my nails perfectly & again w/ the hand/arm massage! I'm a gel polish kinda girl, so of course the polish lasted the two weeks until next appointment. I don't know about you, but, I don't like to feel obligated to talk to my nail technician the whole time. I kinda enjoy relaxing, listening to my iPod & zoning out. Candy let me do this! Price wise, Star Nails is very competitive I get a mani w/ gel polish & pedi for $50 & it lasts for at least two weeks! (other places in town charge $50 for just the mani w/ gel polish and don't last)Needless to say, I have been back every two weeks to see Candy since!
5	Mindy and Crystal Rock!! Been coming here for like 7 yrs!!
5	Today was my first time at Stars Nails. I love this place already. Everyone who works here are very diligent. I was very surprise at the organization of the staff and salon. The salon had everything labeled and everything was in order. As well as the nail colors they provide. They have the colors organized on the wall specially to a number you pick. The manicure is only $12 and a pedicure at $25. They had a pedicure special of getting a upgraded deluxe pedicure ($35) paying the regular pedicure price ($25) They also have a gift card promotion. If you buy a gift card for $100, your credited $140. If you purchase a $75 gift card, your credited $90. If you buy $50, your credited $60. I believe they have promotions going on through out the whole month of February 2013.Candy who did my manicure and pedicure was very friendly. She does a great pedicure. She made me feel comfortable because she kept me informed about all the products she used. She was very kind, The staff promoted new products but was not pushy about up-selling. The staff has great communication skills. The prices are very fair. I am very pleased and will be coming back.
5	So hard, to write a review for these lovely ladies - but I had to. This is my spot for nails. I have been going here for a year or so, on and off. And I still have the same attentive, and friendly service. Best believe, they make me feel relaxed and gorgeous after my visit. Shout out to all of the girls, especially Patricia, who always accommodates me, and is open to any design that I randomly concoct in my head, or pinterest lol. On designs, they are fairly busy at times, so best bet - always schedule an appointment.
5	Getting my nails done almost seems like a chore that I have to do every 3 weeks simply because I hate taking the time to go.  But, my view on this has changed recently since I've started going to Stars Nails.The location is in a small shopping center just off of Durango next to a Barber and cake shop.  Everything is clean with a nice seating area and I love that instead of making you stare at a million nail polish bottles, they have samples painted for you to choose from.  Patricia is a sweetheart and always suggests the latest trends in gel polish each time I go and she (along with the other lovely ladies) always does a great job!  I also like that they offer every patron coffee, water or tea.  A small gesture that goes a long way in my book!  Another aspect that I love is the fact that they play genuinely good movies on their flat screen TV.  This makes time go by so much faster and is far better than being forced to feign interest in a cheesy soap opera or game show while getting my mani!I will continue to return to Stars Nails because their service, pricing and the overall experience they offer is perfect for my needs!
5	I've been getting my nails done here for a few months now and I'm completely satisfied every time. From the outside the salon doesn't look like much, but inside its very clean, organized and inviting. I love the way they set up all the different colors of nail polish. They have all the colors painted on little wheels and when you've decided on one you just tell them the number they find it on the color coordinated wall. They also offer you a beverage while you're waiting. All the ladies here are super friendly and do a wonderful job. I come in and have some weird design I want done and they do it no problem! I also like how they don't try to sell you all sorts of packages, I usually just want the basic mani/pedi. If you're one of those people that gets uncomfortable when nail techs constantly talk to each other in a different language (it doesn't bother me) that doesn't really happen here because not everyone here speaks the same language. Overall this is one of the best/comfortable nail salons I've been to. The prices are pretty low for the amount of quality you get in my opinion. They sometimes have problems with their credit card machine so bring cash if possible. Also to ensure avoiding a long wait make an appointment. One more thing I really like about this salon is that they are always playing movies on their nice flat-screen. It keeps me entertained if I go by myself.
5	This was my first time to Stars Nails and I love it!! i heard about it from my friend whose mom works there (Alice), and they're amazing! As soon as i walked in, everyone was inviting and friendly. i was getting my nails done for my 21st birthday, and they rocked them! they were even patient when I had no idea what I wanted! They always kept a conversation going and I never felt bored or awkward what-so-ever. The place is very clean and very inviting and the staff is amazing! their work is very impressive as well! It's with out a doubt the place I will be getting my nails done at from now on!
5	I went to see Patricia at star nails today after having acrylic on my nails for many years I decided to take them off and get a gel manicure. Patricia was very through, she took her time and did not rush. My nail beds were very thin after having acrylic for so long, she made sure to add extra gel on the base of my nails to give my nails more strength. They came out awesome as you can see from the pics I have posted. I will continue to go back and see her for my manicures. And if I ever decide to go back to acrylic I will make sure to have her do it. I am very pleased!
5	I brought my sister here as a birthday gift and it was totally worth it! They really take the time to do your spa pedicure and mani. She looked and felt pampered and all the ladies were really nice. I had my eyebrows waxed as well and Mindy did such a great job with shape of my eyebrows. highly recommend for the quality of service.
5	I usually don't write review, but just had to write one this time. It was my first visit to Star Nails and I must say the service was excellent!!! Patricia did my nails she was very precise and took her time to make sure I left the salon satisfied. I passed by this nail salon on a daily basis before but never bothered to go there until last Friday and I sure am glad that I decided to give them a try. Will definitely be returning in a few weeks.
5	I have never had my nails done before, but wanted this cute design for my upcoming vacation to Disneyland. I took in a picture and they were able to do it, no problem. They were quick and friendly and did an amazing job. I will continue to go to Star Nails.
5	I love this place! Really good customer service and they are always trying to keep my nails healthy and pretty ! I definitely recommend this place
5	This place is awesome! I have been going here for 5 years... In addition to all the ladies being extremely talented at their jobs, they are very friendly,welcoming and funny :) I have tried many nail salons in Vegas and I find most to be rude and never want to speak English. They do the longest massage that I have ever had with a pedi.. I would love to recommend one of them, but I think they are all equally fantastic!
4	I just had a gel polish removal and polish change to regular,  and it was my first visit.I loved the polish organization system and how clean and organized everything was. I didn't see nail dust,  nail trimmings, or dirt anywhere! !My only complaint?  The top coat they used, it reacted very poorly to the sun. It darkened my light mint polish to a muddy color, and chipped off all my tips, showing the true color underneath. If it's the normal polish, I will have to bring my own! Also, I would love if they gave me ideas for nail art to try.
5	I've came here a few times already for a mani and pedi, and I must say, I've been completely satisfied every time. One of the big tests was seeing if they would take me, my sister, and my girlfriends all together at the same time. We were a party of four, so no biggie but some nail salons, with this big of a party, would take us separately one by one. But SN took us all together at the same time, which was wonderful! We got to be all together as we got our pedis. Another test for me, personally, is that they take their time. When I see my nail tech taking their time, not only do I feel like they're doing it correctly, it makes the experience more relaxing, and it makes me feel like I'm a valued customer, not just another person they make money off of. All the girls here are friendly, professional, skilled  and the place is clean. So if you're like me, where you like the place clean, customer service is friendly, and enjoy having a relaxing non-rushed mani and/or pedi at a VERY reasonable price, this is the place for you! Overall me, my sister, and my girlfriends enjoy our freshly manicured nails and toes! We'll defiantly be back for more!
4	I've been getting my nails done here for about a year. Candy is wonderful although everyone there seems great. Pricing is always very decent and they offer many specials. I also don't worry about cleanliness which is huge for me at nail salons. The only reason I give it four not five stars is that I wish it was a little more relaxing and spa like inside. I also wish they had an option to pay for extended foot massage. Other than that, I love it there and am not looking to go anywhere else.
5	I just booked my third gel mani with Candy and I'm so excited! This is the best nail salon I've ever been to. I've been doing the gel mani for about 6 months and the last place I was going to was too rough-they didn't allow enough time for the remover to soften the gel polish, so they would PAINFULLY scrape the polish off my nails or file the polish away which made my nails very thin and weak. They were constantly splitting & breaking. I thought I had made a big mistake getting gel manicures because my nails had always been very strong & healthy but getting them done at that chop shop was killing them. Since switching to Stars Nails, my nails are healthy again and I haven't had a broken nail in 6 weeks! All the nail techs here seem to really take there time and they're very professional. I simply can not say enough wonderful things about Stars Nails, especially Candy! Great selection of colors and I could easily go 3 weeks between manis--the polish holds up beautifully.
5	So I went here for my first time because of all the good reviews I have seen. I got Candy and she was so sweet and nice! She was very patient with my indecisive self. They got me in 5 minutes early, my appointment was at 12. I got a gel mani for 35$ since I got a design, but usually it's 25$ for regular. I also got a pedi, in total I paid $60 for both mani pedi, it would have been $50 if I didn't get a design. I am so happy with this experience because1. This is the first place in town I've been to that does a mani pedi for $50, usually other places in town charges $45+ for just manicure. 2. They do an amazing massage for both my hands and feet...I was falling asleep because it was so relaxing. 3. They play good movies not the news or MTV which gets annoying and boring after awhile. 4. All the ladies are really nice, especially Candy who was the person I made an appointment for. Although all the ladies including Peggy was very helpful and nice. 5. The nail techs take their time, which in my opinion is the most important thing when choosing a nail salon. It makes the the overall experience much more relaxing rather than having a rushing nail tech, which I think just makes the experience terrible and makes me feel like I'm just another customer to make money of off. 6. The nail salon is very clean and organized very well. Although the nail salon is small, the size doesn't matter to me. The cleanliness and politeness of the nail techs in my opinion are what matters. The nail techs take their tools out of a sterilization box which I was very impressed with, since the last nail salon I went to before this did not do that at all. This is definitely the nail salon I will be going to from now on, I am completely satisfied with the way my nails and toe nails came out. I am very excited to make my next appointment with Candy once my 3-4 weeks are up! I would make an appointment just in case you want a design. Although walk ins are always welcome as well!
5	I had a great pedicure with Candy today! She was so nice and did an incredible job! Her work was fantastic, relaxing and soothed my poor feet! I will be returning!
1	I decided to leave my nail salon that I have been going to for five years due to their lack of nail art. I went on yelp to see if I could find a good place to get 3-D nails done. I decided to go to Star nails. The people are very nice but they do not have very many design options. I wasn't shown any 3-D nail art. When I showed Candy the picture of the design I wanted, she said she would make it work. My picture clearly has 3-D nail art. But she put stickers on my French manicure. To make matters worse my son wanted his eyebrows waxed. When he was done he was complaining about his eyebrows hurting. When we got home I realized that his eye lids were burned. I called them but they offered no restitution. I will not be going back. I am very disappointed.
5	I've been going to Stars Nails for 3 years now. Mindy does a great job with my nails, I wouldn't think about going anywhere else. I would recommend going there to anyone who is looking for a good nail place.
5	Candy was amazing, very patient and great with my son who tags along. I was able to get in right away and they had a ton of gel colors and designs to chose from. They are up on the latest trends and an overall great experience.
5	Love this place!! Always a warm welcome & all the ladies are fantastic at what they do!! Great prices & relaxed atmosphere..I don't go anywhere else!
4	After months of not having my nails done, I came back to Stars Nails to restart my gel manis. The woman who usually does my nails is no longer there, so I had someone new. While my nails look great, I was a little confused by the fact that I was charged $35 for a service that normally cost $25 previously. At first I thought the upgrade was for the glitter...but upon  looking at the paint sample wheel, I saw that it said "free" (their color wheels are marked if there is an up charge or not). This kind of turned me off, so I might search for a place with consistent pricing. But, their work is still excellent here.
4	Pretty impressed with this place. I usually go with my sister, so I always call to make sure nail places can accommodate 2 people at the same time for pedicures. And usually, they can't. But here, it was a little wait past the appointment time, but not too bad. The ladies were very nice. $25 classic pedi. All the techs were Chinese rather than Vietnamese, which was different. These ladies at least weren't busy talking to each other while working on your nails. My tech, Candy, took her time on my feet... and sad to say... I have bad feel due to work. Eww.Their color and design selection was organized. Seems they only use OPI and Orly, or 3 different brand of gels.I would definitely go back, though it is a bit further out than I would like to drive considering there are so many places right by my house.
5	My husband this morning told me to go get my nails done and relax for my Mother's day gift! I love going to this place. I can always relax and Alice really took her time with my nails and made them look beautiful! Alice did an AMAZING job on my nails! She also did a beautiful design of roses on my ring fingers!! I will always be going to get my nails done here!! Thanks again ladies!!!
4	Just moved to SW Las Vegas and ive been going here to get my nails done. I get the gel mani and regular pedi for $50. I did get the gradiation style last time which is $10 more. Its really pretty and last for a long time. Mine lasted for at least 3 weeks. Peggy is my lady and i like all of her recommendation when it comes to accent nails. Also, dont forget to ask for your stamp card. :)
5	I couldn't be happier with my acrylic set & pedicure! They accommodated me last minute without an appointment. Mindy was my nail technician & she was amazing! I showed her a picture of what I wanted & she did an even better job than I had hoped for. I highly recommend Mindy & Stars Nails!
5	Hands down THE best nail salon.  I am from San Diego and very particular about my nails and where I go.  When I moved to las vegas I was living in Henderson but a friend recommended I try this place.  It is small but they truly do pamper you here.  They are VERY clean and actually do cater to you. They also speak English to you and also to one another so you don't get that vibe that they are secretly saying things about you.  They serve amazing coffee as well, just ask for a cup.  Alice was my go to lady.  She takes pride in her work and does an amazing job!  She gives the best pedicures too as she is a massage therapist as well so she has magical hands.  I no longer live in vegas and am back in San Diego but truly do miss her and her salon :)
5	Miao did my pedicure today and does an awesome foot massage... I love this place.... They respect ur time and do nice long relaxing pedicures everytime!!
2	I was charged $95 for a regular pedicure that I had french and rhinestones applied, a new set of acrylic with gel polish and a very remedial flower art on two of my nails, and my eyebrows waxed. I left a $6 tip with $5 deemed for my waxing and $1 for the dude that did my nails and toes. I was there for 2 1/2 hours. My set of nails look like an amateur put them on. They are super thick and horrible smoothing on the sides of the nails and shows all kinds of marks. The skin on the sides of my nails are just ripped apart because I kept complaining about the way they looked. At one point I had yanked my hand away it hurt so bad. It left the whole spa feeling uncomfortable since it is a small shop and they could all hear me complain with each step. The flower I ended up with on my nails is about as good as if I had done it myself with my left hand. It took him 4 tries to get something that I could even half agree to have on. They are VERY unlimited colors of rhinestones for my toes and if I had known the choices BEFORE he painted my toes I would have chose a different color since the only stone that matched were purple ones that blended right into my polish and are not even noticeable. So glad I paid extra to not even have them stand out now. I tried this place on the recommendations on Yelp and regret it. I should have got up after my pedi and he did a half ass job and not let him on my nails. But you just hope it will work out. I will be going today to another salon to fix my nails and spend another $20-$30 to get them fixed and repainted. I am going back to Polished.
5	This is my second time here in a month. The ladies here are so nice. They give very detailed pedicures with fantastic massages. I love how clean, peaceful, and relaxing it is. They have every color polish you could think of and the pedicures are unbeatable! I had Jane today and she was amazing! Took her time and was just lovely. I'm going to make this my new salon
5	They close at 7pm and it was around 6:15pm when I arrived. I wanted a fill and a pedicure and almost got turned around because of the time. Luckily for me I was able to get them done with satisfying ending results! I also like the stamp card method that they introduced for returning customers. Excellent place !
2	Just moved to Vegas and needed to find a nail salon close to my office. I read all of the great reviews on Yelp and figured I would give this place a shot. Although everyone here was SUPER nice, I would not go back. I get gel manicures everywhere I go and this was one of the worst. The nail tech did a great job, however, within two days my polish was chipping. The whole purpose of gel is for it to last 2-3 weeks and my polish barely lasted 2-3 days. Also, gel manicures are $35 here. I don't mind paying the money, but only if the polish is going to last longer than a few days.
4	Got my gel nails here and they lasted about an entire month before starting to chip off. They also play movies and it's a relaxing environment. I recommend
5	Ask for alice! This is my new nail shop. Amazing service
4	GET YO NAILS DID.So, I usually go from place to place to get my nails done. Depends on what side of town I am on and how much I'm willing to pay. One day after I got my nails done at a place by my house and they hurt me, I decided to look up reviews and try and find a home for my nail needs. I think I found it. The first time I tried to walk in for an appointment and there was an hour wait. I knew I needed to come back and check it out. I made an appointment to get my nails and feet done with my best friend Ally E. for a wedding I was in. They made me feel so special and pampered. It was amazing experience. I got just a mani and pedi french for the wedding. Four weeks later and my toes aren't even chipped. I was rough on my hands so they only lasted two weeks, but I still think that's great! When I went I got Candy as my nail tech and she was incredible. She massage my hands and feet and cracked my hand a bit... It felt gooood.  Randomly on Saturday i decided I wanted to get my nails done and get something sparkly. They have a bunch of gel and regular colors to choose from on the table, they also have some sparkly and tips in the back they can do. I went with a purple sparkle tip and they did an amazing job. The picture should be below. They just make me smile and that's what I love about certain people. They do their job so well. The sparkle nail ran at $45 and the mani pedi was around $35. They also no longer do eye lashes, that was a bummer, but they can do facials and waxing.
5	It has taken me forever to find a good nail salon but I finally found one! Love this place.
5	Mindy was my technician today. It was my first time getting pink and white acrylics. She explained everything and was super gentle with my nails. She showed me options and gave me her opinion. She didn't try to force anything on me and she talked the perfect amount. My nails look fantastic and they were playing Despicable Me. Total cost was $45. I must recommend making an appointment. They do take walk ins but they are busy. Fantastic job! See you in a few weeks.
