5	This is a brand new shop...  It has a wide variety of antiques and collectibles..   Its a great shop to find that very special thing you always wanted..  Down the block on both side of main st, there are lots of other antique shops to look at too..  Wonderful locations, great service....
5	We recently stopped into this cool antique shop while in Vegas. As we entered the first thing we noticed was the loud music playing throughout the shop. I felt like i was in a night club yet I was shopping for antiques. We actually liked it and have no complaints. The owners were friendly and yet hands off which we like. The shop was filled with an interesting eclectic variety of art and antiques. Some vintage retro pieces, old paintings, gambling memorabilia, pop art, art glass, furniture and smalls etc. The back room was rather large and there appeared to be room for even more merchandise. In the front store window was a unqiue former dumpster that had been converted into an upholstered industrial modern two person loveseat. That's a first. Behind it was the rear end of a 57 chevy coverted into a sofa. Cool stuff.Tucked way in the back of the shop we found a secluded Tiki room filled with everything Tiki. It was decked out in everything tiki and rather extensive.We liked the vibe of this shop.
5	This is an Awesome Antique Store! They always have unique inventory! It is a must see if you are into antiques, vintage, retro, or just Cool stuff! The owners are really Nice and very friendly! The prices are extremely reasonable! This shop is amazing make sure you don't miss this one!
4	One of several antique shops on Main Street I must say Medusa's is probably the most innovative, but also the most cluttered.  Featuring two long rooms full of odds n' ends plus several hand crafted pieces of furniture and art there is a whole lot to explore here for those willing to take the time.  With friendly, informative, yet unobtrusive owners and a great soundtrack playing during both of my visits there is always something you WANT here, if not exactly something you need.  Sure prices trend a bit higher than other antique shops, but so does the quality.
