5	While the location of Voujon is slightly off the beaten track, I would thoroughly recommend the restaurant to anyone looking for quality Indian cuisine. The waiters were immensely patient with our large party. Service was excellent, and this was matched by the high quality food and wide range of dishes available. Very good value for money too.
2	Voujon prides itself with modern(ish) Indian and Bengali food to the extent where it has positive reviews in its restaurant window from various local papers or diners who has testified.Dont let these fool you though, Voujon isnt as great as it claims.The 'modern' cooking is uninspiring, and totally lacking the flavours that traditional Indian food would deliver in an instant. This pretty much described the dissapointment we felt for the whole meal - lacking that certain something, the punch as it were. The food generally tasted like something you could buy from a supermarket, but was way more expensive.However, Voujon has some redeeming features - the restaurant is beautifully modern and elegant - and the staff were helpful.Overall, Voujon was a dissapointment - and I doubt Voujon will post this review in its window.
3	I came to Voujon with my flatmates a few months ago and, whilst the service and atmosphere were excellent, the food wasn't quite up to the same standard as some other Indian restaurants in the area.  The decor feels modern, fresh and clean with plenty of neatly laid out tables and really comfortable seats.  The staff are attentive, friendly and know everything about the menu which always helps when you have no idea what to expect from a certain dish.I went for the tandoori chicken kebabs with rice which didn't take long to arrive, but tasted a litle dry.  The salad it was served with was fresh and there were some great flavours going on, yet it was just lacking some sauce.  I'd probably come to Voujon agai, but I just expected a little more from the food.
3	Reasonably good curry, although not as good as the reviews on the window claim.  I agree with the other reviews that it promises more than it really delivers.
5	Can't disagree more with most of the other reviews. I have been a regular here for a good few years now and rate it as one of the best Indian restaurants in Edinburgh. Food is always great, value excellent and staff fantastic. I have tried a lot of the other Indian restaurants, highly rated on yelp, and found none to be a patch on Voujon.
