4	I recently read a review of this establishment in the mirror, which gave it a sub-stellar review. So I decided to give my two cents on the place. I went after a Moroccan friend of mine recommended it to me claiming it to have well priced, well cooked, and well seasoned meat. So we gave it a shot.Food Quality/Price - 3.5/5I had the assorted meats which included pork, quail and beef. I was asked if I wanted in spicy, and I did so ask for it that way. I believe it was well seasoned and well cooked. The portions were ample and the prices fair.Ambiance/Service - 4/5I was very surprised by the ambiance and service. The unlike the mirror, I found the mural to be cute and appropriate.  And the hidden the bathrooms was a nice added charm. Overall - B +I would definitely go back. If good cheap meat is want your after you'll get it at  Rotisserie Portugalia.
4	Great no-frills Portuguese at a good price. A little difficult to get the lay of the land first.  When we visited in Sept 09, they were having some issues with the city as far as getting a new sign put up, so it was hard for us to find the resto.  Then, when we walked in, we were greeted by a huge grill loaded with chickens (they do a mean take-out business, it turns out).  The dining room was actually tucked in around the corner, a new addition to their grill/store-front.  But once we were in there, it was a pleasant little place to have a meal.We didn't try the rotisserie chicken, which is apparently the draw.  Instead, my dining companions and I focused on their other meat offerings: the steak, the mixed (pork) grill and the chourico.  Everything was excellent and authentic.  And maybe it's because I'm a Bostonian and just used to paying a lot to dine out, but the prices were ridiculously  low.  Service was casual and friendly.  Can't wait to take my parents here, if they ever agree to come to Montreal with me again.
5	If I was just visiting Montreal and didn't know any better, I'd walk right past this place and would not give it a second thought -- minus the wonderful smells that come out of smoke stack on the roof.  But if you want some of the best Portuguese chicken you've ever had, go here!If you're ordering chicken, you need to give them an hours notice before picking it up.  They're an extremely busy take-out joint.  I love their pork sandwiches as well.  It's simply two slabs of pork on a big bun -- so mouthwateringly good.  I like their fries as well; small and thin and coupled with a pork sandwich or chicken you'll feel like you're in grilled meat heaven.  Heaven I tell you.A whole chicken is around $10, pork sandwich is around $4 and fries are around $2 (if my memory serves me correctly).  Don't mind the surly Portuguese men who serve you or the mounds of people waiting for their order.  They do have a small seating area in the "other room" but I've always opted for take-out.I heart Portuguese chicken.
5	I travel to Montreal every week and this place has become one of my few staples.The chicken and fries are fantastic (as most other places in the neighborhood are), and very consistently so.  Not a single person that I have introduced to this place wasn't eager to find another excuse to come back ASAP.They only take cash, which is a bummer, but seems pretty standard compared to other places.You can actually sit down and order the food like a regular restaurant OR call ahead for a delivery (usually takes about 30-45 min) and pick up. Dining in is great, as you get the Portuguese beer, bread and olives to keep you busy as you wait for your order (grilled calamari is out of this world! but sometimes requires 40min (worth it) to heat up the grill).These guys are straight out of Portugal and know what they are doing.  I plan on putting their chicken head to head with Romado's to see who is Montreal's true chicken champion!
3	My foodie boyfriend brought me here in Montreal for some good eats.  Indeed the food was excellent, but the service was lacking.We split a chicken, fries, and a salad.  The meal was also served with delicious Portuguese bread. (The bread is the best part)....We were seated right away and the decor is cute.  I hear the carry out is really good, but I've never tried it.  The service problem is as follows...We wanted to order squid, but it takes 40 minutes... so we ordered chicken... it took 40 minutes.... should have ordered the squid!  We were a bit ignored as there were family members in the restaurant.  I had ordered a diet coke, but some how was served a sprite.  We also ordered coffee after our meal - that took another 30 minutes of balking just to get.  Good food, bad service!
5	What a great find! The tapas are wonderful. The grilled calimari (takes 45 minutes) is so worth the wait. Order a bunch of other things and it will show up as the highlight of your meal. The quail is excellent and the chorizo was a treat. I wish we were here long enough to try more dishes. Service was excellent and very casually friendly. It was also the most affordable meal we have had in Montreal.
3	Really good chicken, steak, quail and lambchops. What makes it good is the real charcoal grill. The warm bread and olives they serve with the meal is also a nice touch. The sides of salad, rice and fries are nothing special. The salad is an overdose of white onions. What kills this place is how long it takes to recieve your order. It's about 45mins - 1 hour from the time you place your order and the time you receive your food. Tip: The bathrooms are a behind a secret trap door. See if you can find it.
4	The chicken is moist and delicious and there is a secret door and super chill friendly service, hence the 4 stars. But I have to be upfront and say that usually it'd be an automatic 3 stars or lower for giving me salad with kraft (or no name) 'Italian' salad dressing on it...in a restaurant...in a Portuguese restaurant. Still in this case somehow I overlook it without hesitation. Freaking delicious chicken, crispy fries, chill family friendly environment. And a secret door. 4 stars for SURE.
