5	Ever feel like you've just been punked after leaving an auto repair shop? I've found these guys to be honorable, trustworthy and cheap, always willing to take a couple bucks off.I've been going to Hon*Amotive since 2002. When I went to college, I went to the Tempe location but now I live in Phoenix and go to the Phoenix shop. The shops are very consistent in their customer service and reliability.-S.
1	This is one of those auto shops that gives all auto shops a bad name!  They overcharge and the service advisor lied to me about my car.  I went to Hon-Amotive because I had a coupon for a $20 oil change and my poor little car was well overdue for one.  They are in a great location (the only thing going for them) and I was able to drop my car off and walk to Tempe Marketplace to get lunch while they worked on it.  When the service advisor, Mike Brennan, called to let me know that they were done with the oil change, he said my brakes were down to the bare minimum and recommended replacing them.  I'm clueless about cars (which he obviously picked up on) and if someone tells me something serious is wrong with it (like brakes!), my reaction is normally that I don't want to take on the expense, but what has to be done has to be done.  Luckily I was with a friend who recommended I hold off.I went back, paid my $20 and picked up my car.  I talked to my neighbor who has an auto shop and he quoted me $100 less to do the brakes, so I made an appointment at his shop and when I took it in, he said I absolutely do not need new brakes!  He found nothing on my car to work on.  Thank goodness for honest mechanics like him!I will never go to Hon-Amotive again and you shouldn't either!
5	I've been using Hon-amotive for over five years as the only shop to service my cars.I heard about Hon-Amotive from a family member that takes their car into the Phoenix location. They've had nothing but great things to say about their service in Phoenix and I wanted to try out their location in Tempe.Since the first time I took my cars (a Mazda m3 and Nissan Sentra, neither hondas oddly enough) into their shop they have done nothing but take care of my cars. They've never offered service that wasn't needed. I've even had a few circumstances when I tell them about issues that are easy fixes and they'll take care of them for free. They've gone above and beyond anything I would expect from a mechanic shop. Their attention to detail is atypical, I'll take it in for an oil change and the next time I check underneath my hood they've cleaned the normal dirt and grime that sits underneath the hood. This is the first time I feel comfortable taking my car into a mechanic.I highly recommend them to anyone, and in fact have to several friends who haven't had a bad experience yet.
2	I've been debating whether or not to write a review for these guys, as I had been a customer of theirs for nearly 11 years.  But since the economy tanked in 2009 they seemed to have gotten much worse and frankly greedy.  Previously they would tell me when I didn't need certain work done, or where I could go to get the work done cheaper.  The past couple years they have routinely given me a much lower estimate than what they finally said the work cost.  Even in the same day, I'd drop it off and confirm what they thought it would cost, only to have it end up being $100 more.  I went to have my window fixed one time, and they told me I needed to have the entire motor replaced which required removing the door.  They quoted $350.  When I went to pick it up they said it was going to cost $450.  As I had trusted them before I gave them the benefit of the doubt.  So they replaced it, and said it was good to go.  The window worked fine for about five days, and then just stopped working entirely.  So I kept the window up and called to bring it in and have them check it out again.  They then told me that the window was inoperable because it was due to the rubber lining being cracked.  So they wanted to charge me another $250 to fix this.  They acted like they were doing me a favor by checking it out again, saying they weren't going to charge me for this diagnostic.  Really!?!  After they said it was fixed just a week prior.  I went back about six months later to just get an oil change.  At the end of the oil change they told me that I would need to get my window motor replaced, again at $450.  When I reminded them that they had just replaced it six months ago, they looked it up and told me that I must have used the window and therefore ruined motor they had put in.A buddy of mine had a similar situation.  They told him he needed to have his spark plugs replaced.  He thought it sounded fishy, so took it to the Tempe Honda dealership, who told him he didn't need them replaced.  For a dealership to tell him he didn't need work was amazing.
5	Hon-Amotive is the best place to take your Japanese import, hands down. It might not be the cheapest, but the parts will always be authentic factory parts, and the work will always be done well. Not much else to say except that if you care about your import, stop taking it to Brake Masters and bring it here instead!
