3	Ok here is the deal with Hi Output they are great for the small basic stuff but not so hot when it comes to big jobs like rebuilds or major repairs. I personally have only had good experiences there but mine have been limited to getting tires and bike grips. I know numerous people who haven't had a problem for things like tires, chain and sprocket, oil change, spark plugs and the like. A select few though have had problems with them when having a bike rebuilt after an accident, needing motor work done, getting dyno tuned and such have gone horribly wrong and sworn the place off.I like it because for tires they are pretty cheap on both tire price and on the install. Also when i got new grips here they put them on free of charge. Scott will work with you on prices for parts too and can get some decent deals.I continue to go back for the basics because i haven't had a problem but if i needed major work I would probably look elsewhere. Places like SVC might be a better option for the major stuff but Hi Output has earned my repeat business.
5	Scott hull is a master at diagnosing problems that other cant.  He guarantees all his work and goes out of his way to always take care of the customer.  He does what he says and says what he does. I highly recommend him.
5	These guys are awesome. They have great prices and always get the work done fast. I am a newer rider and they are always really patient with me. They answer all of my questions, and don't make me feel like an idiot for asking. They're always joking around and having a good time so every visit is an adventure.The best part about this place is that they are honest. There have been many situations over the last year where stuff has come up, or I've had questions, and I always feel like I get an honest answer. This is something that can't be over valued. I've heard the owner, Scott, tell people many times that he doesn't throw parts at a problem. They want to make sure they understand what the issue is, and fix it right the first time.I have a lot of respect for these guys, and as long as I'm living in the valley no one will touch my bike except them.
5	Very honest and reasonably priced. I've been taking my bike here for years.
5	Brought in my 2001 Road Star for carb clean and adjust.  Runs better now than it has for years.  They've earned a new customer!!
5	The best in town period.....  I have been going here 10 years, great prices, great service.I will not trust any other shop in the valley.Go ahead get a quote from another shop, then call Scottie for the best prices in town.
