4	Good food, good ambiance, great location!I went to this place a long time back when they first opened. The buffet spread then was not as extensive as some of the other Indian restaurants (e.g., Maharaja). However, what they lacked in food variety, they made up in taste and ambiance. And with its location on Monroe street, it's hard to go wrong with this choice.
3	My wife and I ate here as it was only a few blocks from our Bed + Breakfast, and easy to get a table. The food was good, but not outstanding. The service was solid and yes, the ambiance was okay (for being in a miniature strip mall/plaza). The restaurant has a cozy feel to it.We had... two samosa, matar paneer and aloo chana, along with a roti. Nothing stood out as excellent, though the peas + cheese definitely had a leg up on the potatoes + chick peas. The samosa were a bit chewy, but not bad. We ordered our food "Medium" spice, and it was pretty hot. I feel like it's always a crap shoot in places like this - are they compensating for me already, or are they talking Hot is the real deal, Indian Hot? We typically choose "Medium" and hope - in this case, it was borderline too spicy. We enjoyed the food, but it was close - if we return, we'll probably go with mild.The portions were plenty large enough, as is the case with most Indian restaurants.Overall, the food was fine, the service was great, and we had a nice time. When we return to Madison for our next visit, though, we'll probably try some different places.
5	This is clearly the best Indian restaurant in town.  Having moved to Madison form Chicago several years ago, I bemoaned the lack of high quality Indian restaurants.  I found the local favorites to be highly over-rated.  That is, until Taste of India opened.  My 5- and 8-year old daughters have come to love Indian food as a result of regularly eating here.  The lunch buffet is small, but what is offered is excellent.  My preferred meal is dinner: my favorite dish is Chili Chicken (nice and spicy). Other excellent dishes include Mango Chicken, Malai Kofta and Aloo Gobhi.Incidentally, Swagat (also relatively new) is also excellent, but Taste of India has the edge with its location on charming Monroe Street.
4	Difficult to beat the buffet.  The price is good and so is the food.  Filling, good flavor, replenished frequently, and good variety.  The sauce can be a bit heavy and thick but that is necessary at a buffet to keep the food from drying out in the heated hotel pans.  Really, nothing bad to say.  Wish I could visit more often.
4	I had the lunch buffet here.  It was very good, and reasonably priced ($9 for all-you-can-eat).  The bread was outstanding.  Some of the hot food was a little on the heavy side...too buttery for me.  The spices were good...the dishes were strongly seasoned but with some subtlety and complexity.  None of the food here was even remotely spicy (in a hot pepper sense) though.Why five stars?  More hot-spicy = good.  And less heavy on the dishes.  I also was less-than-impressed by an eggplant dish and a few other dishes that were a little on the bland side.  But overall, the food here was great.  And the bread was REALLY good.Desserts were also very good--very flavorful and spiced just right!
5	Amazing food, great service, great prices. Great buffet for lunch and quick take out. I LOVE this place!
1	I wanted put zero but yelp does not allow.Worst place ever...the owner is rude an thinks that he owns the world....we went in once there...the waiter made us sit and wait only to be told that they don't serve what we wanted...and the to top it all the owner says he didnt have time...seriously I don't know how the food was but in no case can the owner be rude....would never advise anyone to go here... Worst place
5	I came one day for the lunch buffet as it was my first time eating indian food. Lunch is buffet only. The food was very good and fresh. I highly enjoyed the multiple dishes I had. Would def. go back/again.
4	Went for dinner last night.  It had been awhile since I'd ventured over to Taste of India, and I believe the last couple of times I had the lunch buffet.   Dinner was thoroughly great. Their chutneys are fresh (seem to be housemade) and flavorful.  I had the lamb madras- chunks of lamb in a rich sauce redolent of ginger, curry and coconut.  It was really tasty.  The lamb was a bit tougher than I expected, but still good.  I appreciated the server's suggestion that I order it a notch spicier than usual, as otherwise the sweetness of tamarind overwhelms the other flavors.  We split the spinach naan- very plentiful basket for $2.95.  My boyfriend has a standard order nearly every time we eat Indian food; he loves the Tandoori mixed grill.  Although Taste of India serves theirs with raita, and not masala curry sauce as other establishments in Madison do, he proclaimed theirs the best he's had in Madison.  A steaming mound of tandoori chicken, fish, shrimp, and seekh kabob atop surprisingly flavorful red/green bell peppers and onions- even with a little help from me, we took over half of it home.  At $15.95, that's a steal.  The fish was something one doesn't see nearly enough of on the tandoori mixed grill, and it was a standout.  Well worth the trek from east side to west, right down to clean and festive decor and little touches like silver chutney spoons and antique tureens containing my curry.  mmmm.
4	My wife and I were long overdue for a date night.  We had some coupons to choose from and Kathy decided on Taste of India.We arrived just before the dinner rush kicked in.We went with the non-vegetarian dinner for 2:Rice Pullao and Fresh Onion Chutney, Mint Chutney, Tamarind Sauce.Chicken Pakora, Chicken Tikka Masala, Lamb Curry, Tandoori Chicken and Nan and Gulab Jamun Dessert.The food came out in 3 courses:  Chicken Pakora - App, The Entre items, then dessert.Too much for the 2 of us to finish so we brought the leftovers home to enjoy.The service was attentive, but not bothersome, and the food was very good.We will be going back.
5	My family and I come here so much for the lunch buffet that they know us. I love their lamb masala and chicken tika masala...great nan and samosas :). I don't know if it's all that authentic, but it sure is tasty!
5	Great food. Love the buffet which offers many plates including vegetarian and no- vegetarian. The chicken biryani is super good, specially during dinner time. The chicken tikka massala is another great option. The service is nice and the waiters are really attentive.
4	Our go-to Indian place for dine-in or take-out. Lots of tasty food & attentive staff.
4	Taste of India is the real deal.  They are careful to maintain their buffet and replenish frequently.  The quality of every dish is treated as important, and it shows.They have a lot of the standards, but after several visits, we find it one of the two best in Madison.  Best gulab jammon anywhere.Service is also well done.  Never a wait.  Even the buffet service is carefully maintained.This is a simple place, but very well done.
4	My go to India place in Madison.  Flavors are all there and the service is spot on.  Take out is fast and dinning in is a pleasure.  Good nice staff as well.
4	Went here Friday night. It's a fairly small place, with seating for maybe about 30ish people, and I'd say they were about half full. So, no wait for a table, and we had quick and attentive service. We ordered the samosas, goat curry, spinach paneer (both at "medium" spiciness), regular naan, and garlic naan (along with a couple of Kingfisher beers). The spinach paneer was really excellent: creamy, thick, and with just the right amount of heat and seasoning. The samosas were pretty standard, though especially good because of how right-out-of-the-fryer crispy they were. The naan was just fine. The goat curry was the only disappointment, with not nearly as much meat as I would have liked/expected, especially at around $13. Next time I might stick to veggie options.
5	My favorite Indian place. Although we eat there often, my husband and I always get the same thing. We share the Vegetarian Platter (mixed appetizers, mmmm) and I get the Paneer Tikka (ahh! the yogurt sauce!), while he has Lamb Pasanda. It's so good we don't want to get anything else. Recently, we ordered take out with friends, and we also tried their Chicken Makhani. It was much pinker than other chicken makhani I've had (and made), and tasted a little different. It kind of looked like chicken vindaloo or tandoori chicken, but anyway it was really good. Creamy and flavorful but not too spicy. The service at the restaurant is always fantastic, they constantly refill your water glasses and the food comes quickly. No surprise that even though it is off the beaten path, it is almost always crowded. Someday I hope to try their buffet so we can branch out a little...
5	Great food, pleasant service and very fresh weekend buffet with a wide selection of choices. The carrot dessert is insane. And they're very nice to kids here.
4	For some odd reason we haven't stopped into this restaurant which coincidentally is down the street from our home. That won't happen again. Although I've made curry and "indian" dishes in the past, this gives me something to shoot for the next time my wife and I cook. Service, food, presentation, all that. We had the Vegetarian dinner for two that fit everything we were looking for on a cool spring evening in Madison, WI. Although off the main drag on Monroe Street, this place is worth your time and money.
3	The service is okay, not great. The selection is not that many though they have coconut ice-cream in addition to their mango one. The taste is not spectacular either. I was a bit disappointed that the waiter didn't come to fill up our glasses until I asked them to do so. Not sure if we want to be back. Other place offers a much better choice.
4	Solid Indian food in Madison which is tough to come by Portions are a little small for the price in regards to the dinner menu
4	Yum. Great Indian food on Monroe st.My pick up experience was quick and easy. I called in my order outside and my food was ready in about ten minutes. Being somewhat of a rice freak, I asked for an extra portion after I realized they only provided a small togo package of rice. They were nice and gracious enough to provide extra rice at no additional charge.My roasted eggplant dish was delicious with the right amount of heat. The naan was very soft and tasty. I had enough for dinner and saved leftovers for lunch the next day. I suspect that I might be picking up dinner here more than once, while I am in Madison.Most definitely a fan!
5	This is my favorite Indian restaurant in Madison. I love lunch buffet. There are a lot of delicious vegetarian choices.  Lentil soup. Samosas. Vegetable Korma. Saag paneer. They provide great service too. One time they did not have saag paneer and my 4 year old was very disappointed. They responded by making it special for her.
3	Monroe Street was busy today and all of the restaurants were packed for lunch. Bluphie's is pretty mediocre, so we decided to try Taste of India. We had the lunch buffet, which offered typical Indian dishes. It had everything I wanted and expected, and it all tasted good. The service was very good too. Waters were refilled quickly and my coffee cup was refilled multiple times without even asking for refills! Staff members weren't too chatty, but when paying our bill they were very kind.The restaurant was clean and nicely decorated. It's a solid bet if you are in the mood for Indian food.
2	Maybe I don't like Indian food, but I just don't like this place. My boyfriend has forced me a few times to go to the lunch buffet. The service usually sucks. We never get soda refills. One of the desserts tasted like Pinesol. It was really weird and we made our friends try it because of how dead on it was.
3	I did the lunch buffet. The food was pretty mediocre. Nothing was bad, necessarily, but nothing was that great, either. The chili chicken was very disappointing - not spicy at all. In fact, nothing was spicy. The tandoori chicken and chicken tikka were so-so. The gulab jamuns were tasty, though. It was nice that this place was open on Christmas, but I'm going to continue my search for a good Indian restaurant in Madison.
