4	Tons of Thrify Ice Cream flavors.  It was a $1.79 for a single scoop in a cup, but it's close to my house.Only minus was there was a weird cleaning chemical smell.  I hope that goes away soon.
4	Child hood memories!  I love there pistachio, back in the day, when I was little, I use to get this, but it had cashews in it!  It now has pistachio's in it.  I also got the banana nut.  It was good, I will continue to go to the Thrifty Ice cream shop!
3	Decent ice cream, but honestly it's not any better than a place like Cold Stone or Baskin Robbins. I understand that a lot of people grew up eating this stuff, but that doesn't make it better. Obviously, some folks have a sentimental attachment to the brand (kinda like east coasters loving Tasty Cakes) and it clouds their judgment. The guy behind the counter was super nice even though he was slammed and the only one working.2.5 Stars
5	Love how you can get your favorite flavors in different sizes for a good price. When my family & I crave we buy quarts & keep them in our freezer. Circus animal cookie is my favorite!
4	Went in yesterday to pick up some chocolate malted crunch!! The place was really clean and the employee was kind! Why did I knock off a star? Because of the price for a quart of ice cream. Lets be real if rite aid was still around a gallon of ice cream would be around 3-4 bucks (in addition to any weekly sale). Shops like these though charge 7 bucks for a quart. Oh well this pregnant lady has to have her chocolate malted crunch lol.
5	My favorite ice cream shop. I did not grow up on Thrifty Ice Cream so my 5-star rating is not based on childhood memories or whatnot. It really is the best tasting ice cream, in my opinion.I've been to a lot of places & they just can't compare. Baskin, DQ, Coldstone, etc. Overrated & overpriced!Thrifty has excellent, unique flavors: Green Tea, Circus Animal Crackers, Cotton Candy, Chocolate Malt Crunch, Red Velvet, I can keep going. It's so creamy, flavor is exactly what it's supposed to taste like. Milky, yummy goodness. Oh and workers are extremely nice, seriously. No matter how busy they get. I'll be back over & over again. Even in the winter! Haha!
5	When I was a kid this was a Sunday norm.   First to Blockbuster for a movie, Thriftys for ice cream , then the Liquor store so my dad could get some beer.   I always loved it and looked forward to it.  Their ice cream hasn't changed either.  I got a scoop of the Amaretto and it had tons of cherries and nuts all mixed in it.  I sampled a couple of other flavors and will be back for more!
4	Apparently I'm one of the last people to ever try Thrifty's ice cream. Blasphemy? Maybe. Am I now a believer? Sure. Haha. I don't get to eat ice cream very often anymore as I'm trying to live a "healthier" lifestyle but when I do, oooooh wee! do I love it! Haha..I had the medieval madness which was a mock 3 Musketeers bar deconstructed into an nice cream form and the chocolate malted krunch in a chocolate dipped sprinkle waffle cone. Those little malt balls were so delightfully good, I looked forward to every bite. The shop itself was simplistic, nothing fancy. Even though it's a commercial identity in its industry, it was lacking in warmth and welcome. Bright fluorescent lighting, clean but cookie cutter tables and chairs, and a beverage fridge. Meh, I don't mind it tho. The woman working was pleasant enough. Prices were extremely reasonable. I guess for most west coasters, this was a staple in their childhood. Mine was more excerpts of 'Now and Then' but I can appreciate it for what is it. Love and hate the fact it's only a 10minute drive from my house. Darn you Thrifty's for your convenient location! Grrrrr hahahah
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!!! oh how I miss my thrifty ice cream with their unique shaped ice cream scooper :-)
1	Very disappointing. The funky looking ice cream scooper is kinda cool. When you look in the coolers at all the flavor choices you think to yourself this is going to be good. But then you have a seat and finally try it and....well let's just say it's not all that. My wife didn't like her ice cream and ended up tossing hers out about halfway into it. But the ultimate test was my 4 year old...and he ended up throwing his cone in the trash after about 4 bites. YMMV: Your mileage may vary but I'm not a fan, my family doesn't like it either and we won't try it again.
1	I'm going to agree with my friend, Shawn J.I am old enough to remember when Thirty Ice Cream was located in the now defunct Thrifty Drug Stores. It was a "loss leader" charging 5 cents for a single, 10 cents, for a double, and 15 Cents for a tripple. The quality was really low back then, but so were the prices. Now, I did not expect to find the same prices, but for the poor quality, I did expect it to be less then 31 Flavors, and Cold Stone. Not the case.This Ice Cream is not in the same class with Ben & Jerry's, Hagen Daz, 31 Flavors, or even the Bryer's you get at the store. The scoops are generous, but the low quality does not justify their prices.My wife and I shared a double waffle cone of Coffee and Strawberry Ice Cream. A real waste of "cheat" calories on my diet.  My suggestion; go up or down the street to Albertson's or Von's, spend $4 on a pint of B&Js, Hagen Daz, or something you really like, and go home and enjoy it.  Your taste buds and your wallet will both thank you.
5	The service here is good, the ice cream is what you'd expect from Thrifty's, and the facilities are clean. Only minor complaint is they seem understaffed. When I come here on hot summer evenings, there can be a line of 10 people and still only 1 worker. But she always puts on a smile despite being tired.
2	Surprised to see a stand alone Thrifty's ice cream shop. Yes, I agree with the other reviews. I think that I built up Thrifty's ice cream in my mind because of nostalgia. I got my old time favorite Rocky Road. Average ice cream.
4	This place just brings back great childhood memories.  It's more nostalgic than anything.  The ice cream is still the same as it's always been, same good flavors but nothing special except the unique shaped scoops of ice cream.  My favorite flavors here are the Mint Chip and Cappuccino Crunch.
