4	Imagine if you will a big, busy, hokey, old fashioned western-themed family restaurant sitting in the middle of a drab, urban area which has seen nothing but decline over the past few decades.  This pretty much describes the "original" Bill Johnson's restaurant, which continues to thrive after 50 years on a still very depressed/depressing stretch of Van Buren St. The menu offers a large selection of breakfast, burger, steak, and BBQ dishes.  I passed on the opportunity to overstuff myself with their pound of onion rings and all-you-can-eat-ribs, instead trying the 4-meat combo.  Bill Johnson's claims to be "famous" for their BBQ - I'm not sure that I'd place their food among the top BBQ I've ever tried, but what I had was more than satisfying. Their signature deep dish apple pie also made for a good dessert. They offer discounts on certain menu items if you dine before or after their "peak" dinner hours of 6 PM to 9 PM.I was somewhat delighted to find that much of the waitstaff seemed to fit in well with the quirky, old fashioned atmosphere of this place - they were entertaining folk, but my dining companion was somewhat bothered by the fact that all the staff seemed to be carrying pistols (I tried to reassure that the guns were probably fake). I believe the other Bill Johnson locations are pretty similar in atmosphere to the Van Buren location, but my Phoenix friends recommend this "original" location for the most authentic experience.  Just don't linger too long in the parking lot after your meal or you may find yourself being harrassed by a raggedy prostitute or street person.
2	When I was a wee little chit I really enjoyed the myth of the cowboy. Seeing how I'm a native of Arizona, there were plenty of places that satisfied my preoccupation with fried rattlesnake and buffalo burgers, ghost towns and hole in the wall saloons where I'd feel like a hot shit sitting down for a sarsaparilla. One of my favorite places to frequent as a kid was Bill Johnson's Big Apple, where there was sawdust on the floor, the wait staff carried pistols and sported Texas-sized big hair, and the whole rustic feel piqued my excitement.I recently returned to this place after a 15 year hiatus, once for breakfast and once for a Father's Day lunch, and I was sorely disappointed that it no longer held the same mystique. It's really not the food or the atmosphere that has changed. It's the same old place it's always been, it's just that my expectations that have risen over the years. I've had some truly superior barbeque since I was a kiddo, and Bill Johnson's no longer measures up.Breakfast is simple, with a variety of hearty combos. The hash browns were a disappointment, soggy, oily potatoes with no other flavor. The biscuits were mediocre and extremely thick, more like fresh hard tack than a fluffy treat. Eggs, fried breakfast meat and chicken fried steak are difficult to screw up, so that all came out fine. Not exemplary, but perfectly acceptable. At lunch my father, two sisters and I had five different barbequed meats between us and a steak, with a bunch of sides to share and sample. All of the meat aside from the steak had a smoky flavor that wasn't too vinegary or sweet, as some barbeque sauces tend to be. The pulled pork and beef brisket were delicious, but had huge chunks of fat floating around in them that repulsed my gristle-hating taste buds with their texture, so I had to be vigilant. There was nothing extraordinary about the steak or the pork sausage, and the chopped pork sandwich was a bit on the dry side. Side dish wise, I was very disappointed. The coleslaw was terrible, swimming in mayonnaise with no hint of any other flavor. The chicken noodle soup was decent, with doughy noodles, but also was lacking in flavor and contained very little chicken. The barbequed beans tasted nothing like their exemplary meat counterpart. However, the chili was quite good, with cheddar cheese, onions, green peppers, pinto beans and plenty of meat. There was not much spiciness to it, but the flavor was great. Or I was just exceptionally hungry. For dessert we had their deep dish apple pie, which tasted the same as it would have from the freezer at my local grocer. I was mildly disappointed by the service each time I went. The wait staff were slow and terse, and at one point insulting. My littlest sister is adopted and the woman straight out asked, "Oh, you're just visiting these good folks, aren't you?" At which point my jaw dropped, she gave the woman a quizzical look and said, "No, I live with them." That's down right rude to me, but seeing how it was Father's Day we kept on smiling and munching on home cooking.I'm not sure if I'd return again based on the overall experience, but I know I'll always have fond memories of it from childhood.
4	The other reviewer who mentioned breakfast must have come on a bad day. They have one of the best country style breakfasts anywhere. Huge portions, delicious, and very satisfying. You can't go wrong with their breakfast.For other meals... not bad. Not great, but definitely a good value and satisfying. One plus is that they serve diet dr. pepper... but not at the 19th ave and Bell location.  (?)Nothing goes better with BBQ than Dr P. I like their all you can eat beef ribs when i want to get into a carnivore coma. I prefer them dry with sauce on the side... then us mostly the hot sauce with a little bit o' the normal stuff.It's a good place to bring out of towners who want to eat at a cowboy type AZ place.
4	Welcome to the Wild Wild West!I walked in for lunch yesterday and felt I had stepped back in time.  There was a sawdust on the floor, these large booths that were straight outta Vegas back in the day, and the servers wear guns on their hips.  Interesting place, indeed.  The parking lot was crowded, so we took that to be a good sign.We had a large group, so we were seated in the back.  They must have thought we were a little rowdy or somethin.  Anyway, our server, who's name starts with an M (it wasn't Maria and I hate to get her name incorrect) was full of piss and vinegar--in a good way.  She is from Germany, and she is funny as hell and damn good at what she does.  She kept things humming at our table perfectly.The menu had a good variety of choices; you can choose burgers, sandwiches, salads, and bigger plates, if you like.  Their lunch special menu was a little limited, but a good deal.  I ordered the cheeseburger, which came with steak fries and a small serving of peach cobbler for dessert.  The burger was really good and I loved how the bun was just slightly sweet.  Fries were just right...crispy on the outside and soft inside.  The cobbler was very good, although I only ate a quarter of it.Part of my crew ordered the 3 meat special (sounds kinda risque) and when I looked around, they had inhaled their food.  It looked like two different types of bbq plus a sausage.  I had a great time here, but would love to come back and try their breakfast some time.
3	Not bad.  Good wait staff.  Quick service.  She is carrying a gun.  I would too if i worked on Van Buren.
4	We just got back from a surprisingly delicious breakfast at Bill Johnson's. Hubby had the Range Rider omelet with hash browns and biscuits and gravy. He especially liked the warm melty cheese on top and it was chock full of fresh veggies. The biscuits were super soft and fluffy, with a texture even better than the flavor. The gravy was a tad salty for his taste. We both thought the hash browns were excellent. I normally don't even eat the hash browns that automatically come with many breakfasts due to their excessive greasiness and weird taste. I inhaled these. They were not greasy, but were perfectly tender and moist with great fresh flavor. My over-easy eggs were well cooked and the toast came dry with a side of butter, which I also appreciated. I hate it when the toast comes basted with griddle grease. The chicken fried steak was very tender and tasty- not the best I've ever had, but better than most I've had in the Valley. The coffee was weak but not acidic at least. The portions are tremendous, so there will be no need for lunch. I also took home about 3/4 of my platter-sized steak, so that'll be dinner too. The service was friendly and fast. We were very impressed that the deaf man who was seated by himself right before us got a waitress who knew sign language. I don't think you would find someone with that skill in most fine dining places. Yes, the neighborhood is sketchy, and yes, the restaurant is darker at breakfast than I would prefer, but will we be back for sure.
3	I used to love cooking, and when I cook, I'm actually semi-decent.  I taught myself through trial and error and a bunch of cooking shows a few years back.  And then I went to med school.  Now I rarely cook and we tend to eat out a lot.I'm not really sure why we keep going back here.  The staff is sometimes friendly, the food is sometimes good, and I could do without the wild west theme.Actually, the food, especially the dinners, are cafeteria quality: canned green beans, instant mashed potatoes, tough meat. I think they should actually serve it in one of those square plates with the dividers to make it more authentic.The breakfasts are more appetizing and really, really cheap.THAT'S IT! Bill Johnson's is cheap and easy!  We keep going back because it's fills the belly without emptying the wallet.  It's easy to get to from my house, and easy to remember because of it's kitchy-ness.
2	The Big Apple was off my radar screen but my sister & Fred wanted a nostalgic "chicken fried steak" dinner.  Instead of my "past usual" pulled pork sandwich, fries and lots of BBQ sauce I "switched" to the 10 oz rib eye with green beans and corn.The good news is my sister and Fred liked their meals but my tastes had changed.  The head lettuce salad with a weak blue cheese dressing in a plastic cup was not up to my expectations. The steak was very thin, luke warm and definitely not up to my expectations.  The  green beans and corn were overcooked and again not up to my expectations.  The  only item that met my expectations was the famous hot dish apple pie with ice cream.  In retrospect I doubt if I would have enjoyed my usual pulled pork sandwich either. Sorry Big Apple, you are no longer on my restaurant list.
2	Was told this place was famous, but I don't know why. The waitress wasn't too friendly. I got the 3-meat lunch special, which wasn't too special. Chopped/pulled pork and beef and a polish sausage with fries and cole slaw. All not bad, but not the excellent BBQ I was hoping for. Probably a decent place to get food, but nothing out of the ordinary.
2	This place could be SO much more than it is! Let's begin with the "could-not-care-less" attitudes of the employees. You get the feeling they're OUT on work furlough. Our waitress Tina B. could not have been more indifferent or aloof. Our visit 7/4/09 at 11:14a.m. found most of the tables empty. Our food was very skimpy in portion for what they charge. Nothing special. Took too long for as slow as business was. This was our 2nd and last visit. They have a website I plan to also write to: dianaj@billjohnsons.com
3	You can hear your arteries clogging as soon as you sit down but this place is decent especially considering the location (Mmm Van Buren Red Light district).  Wild west atmosphere and hay on the floor, the waitresses carry 6-shooters and you can hear the spurs clicking around.  Their breakfast is everything you'd expect from a greasy spoon and for dinner their pulled pork is decent. The portions are huge and ive been there many times and never had an issue with the staff.  usually its an elderly person w/ a friendly demeanor.  You can find better but this place has history that adds to the appeal.
3	Like everything else on Van Buren, Bill Johnson's is cheap & easy.  The wait staff is kind and helpful.  Very attentive as they knock their gun holsters against your table as they turn around.  The food is marginal but you get a lot and it doesn't cost much.  Let's just say, you could do worse on Van Buren.We went for their dinner special.  An appetizer of onion rings and fried zucchini, two dinner plates, and a dessert for $21.99.  Smokin deal and the quality matched the price.  I ordered a three meat combo plate.  I'm not sure what happened to the other meat but there was a ton of pulled pork and a sausage that was split in half crammed on my plate flanked by a baked potato, corn on the cob, and a giant roll.  It was a huge meal.  The pork was dry but got better when I put the bbq sauce on it.  The sausage was great and had a bit of spice to it.  The potato tasted like a baked potato so no complaints there.  The corn was sweet and really good.  The roll was just okay - a little stale on the outside.  Loved the zucchini appetizer too!  As far as the apple pie that came for dessert - it is sitting in our fridge.  There is no way we could eat it.I'd like to try this place for breakfast but ultimately, I probably wouldn't go back for dinner.  It was okay but just not enough attention paid to the preparation of the food.  Love the sign outside though - a true Phx icon!
3	"Interesting" is probably the best word I can think of to describe Bill Johnson's Big Apple.  This restaurant is located in an oh-so-charming part of town with even lovelier people.  The restaurant has a cheesy cowboy theme with sawdust on the floor and gun toting waitresses.  The food is pretty cheap.  We got the 21.99 meal for two which came with an onion ring and fried zucchini app, two entrees, and a pie for dessert.  The onion rings were delicious, and super crunchy, just the way I like them.  I don't like zucchini, so I didn't have any.  For my entree, I got the bacon wrapped filet, and it was funny.  It was certainly not a filet and I think the "bacon" was actually just a thin strip of steak wrapped around steak.  The steak was cooked exactly the way I wanted it, but unfortunately, it was a poor cut of meat that resulted in a pretty tough steak.  The corn on the cob I had was good and the mashed potatoes and gravy were decent.  The pie we took home and ate later, and it was pretty good.  Don't come here expecting 5 star food, because that is only setting yourself up for failure.  It's cheap food at cheap prices and it's not that bad.  I enjoyed my experience, and I could possibly go back at some point in the distant future.
3	When Guns Are Outlawed only Waitresses Will Have Guns....April 26, 2009Man or woman you must wear a gunbelt and six-shooter, bolo tie and tight fitting jeans to work at the Big Apple. Unless you cook or do dishes....The rest of my Yahoo! Local review and pics:http://local.yahoo.com/info-31500266-bill-johnsons-big-apple-restaurants-phoenix
2	It's cute, quirky, and a tradition, but neither the food nor the service is very good.  In a place like this, I expect at least to have a coffee warm up at decent intervals, but even that didn't happen.  The omelettes were dessicated and bland.  The gravy also was bland and looked and tasted like something from a bag.  The biscuits seemed old and lifeless.  The pancakes were fine, but nothing special.  I will say the hash browns were very good--just the right combo of moist with a nice crisp (but not char) on top.
3	After arriving to my Ramada hotel on E Van Buren after a nighttime airplane flight, it was around 8PM and this part of town north of the airport is absolutely dead on a weekday night.  Luckily Bill Johnson's was open because who knows how much further I would have had to walk to get to a place to grub on some late night food?The cobb salad I got was ginormous and for the price (less than $10), it was quite a satisfying late night filler.  All that chicken, feta cheese, lettuce, and bacon bits made me very happy going back to my hotel afterward.  I couldn't help but notice that many of the weekly steak specials were a helluva deal but I can't speak for how good they really are.  I was the last one eating in the restaurant and the staff there was very patient and not rushing to get me out of the restaurant.
1	Okay -- It's a bit quirky yes.  The food isn't all that great.  My ribs were cold when they arrived.  I got sick that night.  Enough said.
5	I can't even tell you how much I love @BillJohnsonsAZ!I have been going there since I was knee-high to a grasshopper, and they have never disappointed me.Pulled pork, beef brisket, and hot links, is the perfect combination, to get a taste of everything that is wonderful about Big Apple.The atmosphere alone would keep me coming back, time and again; sawdust on the floor, western decor (including miniature covered wagon lamps), and the waiters and waitresses are all packing heat, in the form of a .44 on their hips.Used to be they could draw the guns, but now they're bolted to the holster. Sad reflection on the regression our society has gone through, that a prop must be secured "for the public safety".They have a delicious apple pie dessert, that is properly served with american cheese. I personally prefer it with a scoop of vanilla.And don't think they're only about lunch or dinner; they have a great breakfast menu. They also have M-F 6-11 AM specials, including a homemade cinnamon roll.I have been to Big Apple more times than I can count, and I will return again.And again.
5	Excellent food if you know what to expect (steaks, burgers, cowboy fare). Their BBQ sauce is awesome. I plan to buy some and bring it home with me next time I'm in town. I love that the drink choices include sasparillo, flavored teas and creme sodas. This place is very kid and family friendly.Our waitress Bonnie was very nice and her outfit and attitude was a nice compliment to the cowboy atmosphere. You have to try this place. It's a  Phoenix tradition. The location was once a decent section of town but that was long ago. I didn't feel unsafe here, even though we were there after dark, especially with all of the new construction in the area. But it's right next to the icky side of downtown Phoenix.
1	HOW does this place have an average of 3 stars???  I am giving one star because there's no way to go any lower!  Eeek!I have lived in PHX for more or less 25 years.  It's been at least 22 since I've been into a Big Apple and now I remember why.There was a large group of us - and we came in at staggered times.  I know this is a hassle for the server - as she got the orders technically correct and all the seperate checks were accurate, I will say our server, Juanita, was completely acceptable.  I would say I prefer my servers to have all their key teeth - but that's just snobby and irrelevant to the service, so I'll let it go.Food - the value here would be great for a steakhouse - if it was good. The zucchini app for the table was A-OK.  It's a mountain of sliced breaded and fried zuc - and it was fried right and served piping hot.The salad dressings threw me off a bit.  No regular Italian or Balsamic Vinaigrette - but a RASPBERRY vinaigrette?  At a value steakhouse?  The French dressing is a CINNAMON French.  Not bad...but I'm not a fan of dessert flavored iceberg lettuce. :)For entree, I chose the ribeye with baked potato.  The potato was fine.  I wish I could say the same about the meat - but I still can't figure out how they managed to make a rib eye tasteless.  It was on the rare side of the medium rare I ordered - and with that much fat, it should have been delicious. But, no.  Not a morsel of flavor to be found in the whole 12oz serving.  (Half was consumed for next day lunch - the extra aging didn't help. :)  In fact - my dog wasn't even impressed.)Nothing wrong with the corn on the cob - as long as it's cooked I think that's hard to mess up.  I am guessing the baked beans were ok  - some people must like the cloyingly sweet 3 parts brown sugar to 1 part bean recipe.  Personally, I am not a fan, so I didn't enjoy them.The decor is cowboy steakhouse.  Very similar to any other cowboy steakhouse.  (LoneStar, Texaz Roadhouse, etc.)  But - that brings us to the restroom.  Parents - shield your children!Nature called, so I went to check out the restrooms.  I understand sometimes old plumbing allows odors to linger that newer buildings don't have issues with.  As I walked the hall toward the restroom doors, the outhouse smell grew with each step.Once in the ladies' room, the smell was almost noxious.  I know it's clean and germ free in there - as the smell of bleach competed with the sewage smell.  As I became nauseated, I pondered if I'd be able to hold my breath until I was finished, put back together and hand washed.  I even considered skipping washing my hands, as we did have wet naps on the table.  Anything to get out of there faster!  (I did wash my hands, but didn't take time to dry them, and re-zipped and buttoned my jeans as I was walkling back the outhouse stinking hallway back to the dining room.)I've heard it mentioned that everyone has thier own personal hell - not necessarily the fire and brimstone depictions.  If this is true, I will do my best to be a good girl the rest of my life - I am afraid this place with it's stink restrooms, tasteless meat and strange "mordern" salad dressings (strange for an old fashioned cowboy steakshouse, anyway) may very well be the hell I'd be sent to if my  good deeds didn't add up at final judgement.
4	LOVED THE CHICKEN FRIED STEAK!!! I will be honest, as long as a place has a good C.F.S, I'm in!! Been here plenty of times growing up. Check the website, maybe even call, but find out the specials that way you know what your gonna get... Next time Im gonna try the Apple Pie topped with a SLICE OF CHEESE???.....
3	Bill's is a pretty solid place for some barbeque, although the service is hit or miss. During a weekday afternoon they are usually not busy and you can be seated instantly.If you want your rustic-im-gonna-pretend-this-is-my-barn-and-not-a-restaurant cowboy establishment, Bill's will be your heaven. The beer selection is not supurb, but a lot of the meals some with cobbler for dessert! WIN!!The sad news is that one time we went in for a work lunch and got a corporate discount by surprise. Then we didn't get it anymore. What's that all about?
2	The service here was good, but the food was bad.  All of our food came out cool to the touch.  We ordered the pick your own combo and the meat all came lumped together and was full of fat.  Not too sure if we'll be back.
4	I've coming to this establishment since I was kid. So it is a staple for me and my family at times. Coming for breakfast, lunch or dinner....I pretty much always get breakfast. Either the ham traditional or Bonaza (6oz steak, hashbrowns, eggs, and biscuit/gravy)Majority of the time, I will lick my plate clean ha. Its not the greatest breakfast in the world, but its my staple I've stuck with over the years. So if I have been devouring that for so long, it must be that good :)
1	Where to start? I remember eating at this chain 20 years ago, when I was a child. Now I know why my parents stopped taking us there.I would wager none our food was made fresh, save perhaps for one of my family member's beef ribs -- which looked to be so overcooked, they passed "dry" sometime in the early afternoon. Everything tasted either canned or made from frozen. The chicken fried stake I ordered verged on inedible, and was clearly an overly deep-fried frozen steak. The mashed potatoes were awful and pasty, to the point I would swear the simply scooped the inside of a baked potato and put it on my plate. If there was a trace of cream or butter in them, I couldn't detect it. The baked beans were clearly reheated out of a can, as were the green beans. For dessert, the apple pie was runnier than the soup that started the meal -- a beef barley soup that looked of refuse. To top it off, the service was awful, with our waitress consistently forgetting requests and appearing about as often as my mother-in-law's urge to keep her nose in her own damn business. I can only imagine that this chain is still open because of the nostalgia. Stay away if you actually want to enjoy your meal. If all you want is a floor with sawdust, food that takes no more than a deep-fryer and a microwave to prepare and inattentive service, this is your dream restaurant.
4	Very good to excellent.  I had the BBQ combo.  The pork and beef ribs were great and so was the hot link.  The chicken was slightly dry but still good.  The sides were so so but OK.   Anne had the pork ribs and couldn't stop saying how good they were.  They were the best part of my combo too.  I think we'll go back for breakfast in the morning.
4	Same Ownership, New Management---I wrote my first Van Buren (Flagship) Big Apple Yelp* almost two years ago.  I've eaten at Big Apples all over the valley since 1985.  Two years ago, The gilding was wearing off the lily.  That's an old saying the now-unknown song "For the Good Times" put into words.About two percent of family owned American small businesses are held in founding family hands four or more generations.  In 2009 Sherry Cameron returned to Phoenix, the third generation of Bill Johnson's family to manage this valley chain.  Sherry is making a positive difference.  Some Big Apple employees have worked for the place three or four decades, so the foundation of the Johnson legacy is very good.  And yes, the Big Apple is a cowboy kind of steak house/bar-b-que.  But it's got more than that on the menu.  Last night, after two deep-fried, bar-b-que sauced, onion ringed, cholesterol painted weeks in Merkel, TX I returned home.  (Electric Flag, "Just got in from Texas," inserted here, music, no vocals) My recent reviews have a few words about the Plains eateries I found in Merkel and Abilene.  Sweet D suggested we stop by the Big A, since it was on our way home.   HER family has eaten at Big A's since 1956.  There's no way I was going to consume another plate of bar-b-que something after those weeks in Texas.  I had a southwest chicken salad.  It was very good.  The Johnson family kept up the food traditions making them successful for many decades, somewhat oblivious to the changes in Phoenix food habits.   Sherry Cameron's global food service and hospitality career is serving her well.  Logo and menu graphic updates don't impress me, but tuning time-tested recipes to 21st century tastes and health concerns does.  You can find a vegetarian dish or two in the menu, and Ralph, manager at Van Buren says they've switched to lettuce staying fresher, with a higher level of quality .  The grilled chicken in my salad was cooked perfectly with a nice flavor, the mix of flavors in the salad zesty on my palate, and my hot tea delivered really smart, with a full cup plus a pot of hot water.  I was a perfect conclusion to my trip.  I am giving up precious sleep writing this.  I suggest you give the Big Apple a chance.  Or if you've dissed it, another chance.  I look forward to the Bill Johnson legacy lasting several more generations, the classic western art neon steer sign on Van Buren getting a paint job and new tubes, the bar-b-que sculptures on the roof working again, next to the fiberglass Trigger.  It's cowboy kitsch and good old food in the age when mommas stopped letting their kids grow up to be cowboys.  For me, Big Apple says, "Phoenix Arizona" way more than the laser-guided UFO landing site that was Patriot's Park, Or the blue LED tornado near the ASU downtown campus.  It's not Kansas Toto, it's Phoenix Arizona.  And the Big Apple, under new management, is showing it's no newcomer just blowing through town.  They don't fool ya, they feed ya.
1	I ate here because I've worked in this general area since 2002 and have never patronized this establishment.  I was wise not to do so.  YUKKKY.  I ordered a ruben, which seemed safe.  The dressing was overly-sweet, as was the coleslaw, which was my only salad option.  The fries were the thick-cut kind that never seem to get crisp.  Just simply awful.
4	This was a tossup between 3 or 4 stars, but since I go here every time I'm back home in Arizona, they won the toss. This isn't what it was in its glory days, but the barbequed pig still totally rocks, and who can resist the deep dish apple pie? It's a fun place to eat and I've never had bad service here. So much of Phoenix is impermanent that it is a pleasure to see a worthwhile restaurant beat the odds.
1	The first time we went to Bill Johnson's, we informed the restaurant of my food allergy. The server told me that my salad had no onions in it. While I was eating my salad, I started tasting onions. When I asked the server why there were small pieces of onion in my salad she said she thought she had PICKED them out. Then I found out that the wonderful homemade salad dressing also had chopped onions in it. WHAT THE HELL????????????????   Dinner was a special night so I waited for my family to finish their meals and we left. Later that evening I had to deal with the consequences of ingesting raw onions. This is a reason why I don't like to dine out and I ask about the foods that I order when we do dine out.  We could hear the server talking to someone behind the wall about a customer "who might complain". I spoke with a rep from Bill Johnsons and he assured me that he would contact management at this location and would make sure that all the staff we made aware that food allergies are a serious issue and that if a customer has a special request that it is to be taken seriously. He also offered me a $20 gift certificate to come back and give them another try.Please note:On previous occasions, I have developed serious reactions to raw onions and have required hospitalization that have lasted as long as 7 days. I'm not just someone who wants to complain and get a free meal. And for the record, I wasn't even offered a comp on my meal  nor was the manager ever informed. Moving on....We went back last night with my sister and it was a complete let down. Our server brought us two cups of tortilla soup with cheese sprinkled on top. The soup was barely warm  and when we informed the server, she said that she gave us the last of the soup which was scraped from the container that had been removed from the warming unit and was sitting on the counter. She said that she thought it hadn't been sitting for too long so she figured that it still warm enough. WTH?? You can make folks sick by not having foods at their proper temperatures.  The rest of the meal was okay... nothing to write home about and just meh!  Sorry Bill Johnson's... you just lost us. I would have given you at least a 2-star but my poor stomach is still suffering from last night's vomit session.
4	i wasn't in an objective frame of mind, given that i was a visitor from another state and was willing to try just about anything local. that said, this place left a smile on my face.maybe it was the 1950s-era big neon sign out front. maybe it was the fiberglass horse on the roof. maybe it was the kitchy old-school cowboy-themed decor inside. maybe it was the fact that our waitress wore a holster and 6-shooter. or maybe it was the sawdust all over the floor.side note: sawdust? really? WHY? aren't they concerned about people slipping and hurting themselves?we ordered breakfast and it was good. it's hard to screw up eggs, hash browns, and bacon, and they didn't. yum.i'm glad we didn't go to IHOP.
4	Cold, inexpensive beer, burger excellent, mashed potato ball awful, sweet potato fries good, cole slaw average, sliders and pulled pork sandwich excellent. Service very good.  Spicy BBQ sauce excellent. Low prices.  Overall, 4 out of 5 stars.
5	There's only one thing I get at BJ's, and that's the all you can eat BBQ beef ribs, so if you are planning on getting anything else, disregard this review.  I've been to all sorts of rib joints in Phoenix, but nothing beats the classic BJ's on VanBuren when it comes to BBQ beef ribs.  For $15, you get all you can eat, tender as hell, tasty ribs.  I usually top it off with one of their 22 oz. special beers for only $2.  Love this place.
3	3.5 stars. Relatively good place to eat. Friendly with good service. The price for the all-you-can-eat beef ribs was only 15$. The clam chowder was okay, beans were decent, sweet potato fries were not bad either. The beef ribs had parts that were over cooked but since it's all you can eat ask for as many beef ribs as you want for the parts that are not overcooked!
4	I liked the Big Apple. Close to the airport if you have time for a short taxi ride to dinner why waiting to fly. Great time filler. Great filling country food. Great place for a good steak. Very fun ambience :)
4	Went here a couple weeks ago while I was in Arizona. This place isn't located far from the Phoenix Airport so it was the breakfast spot of choice after arriving in the morning.The place wasn't lit very much at all. I don't know if it was supposed to be romantic or if it was supposed to be scary (as they had Halloween decorations up too). Our party was sat at a table near the entrance. It seemed like everyone else eating there was off to the right in another section of the restaurant. We were thinking that maybe the "regulars" have a different place to sit?It didn't really matter though as the food was good. My uncle, his friend, and I all had the Pig Out Breakfast - which included eggs, pancackes, bacon, sausage, and ham. I won't be surprised if I go here again next year.
5	Very good ribs and chicken in big portions. Giant ice cold beers. Our waitress was excellent. I'll try to get back there next time I visit Phoenix. I hear this is the place that will cut your tie off if your wearing one, though...so wear a cheap one you're gonna toss soon, I guess.
4	I stumbled in here craving breakfast because it was very close to the airport and very close to the Aloft hotel I was staying at.  Yes, I am a tourist and yes, I am from a part of the US where cowboys are not common, so walking into a place full of country western paraphanalia made me smile.  The service was good, the food was delicious, and I walked out with a few good photos.  The coffee was a tad bit weak, but I'm a starbucks bold drinker, so I don't hold it against them.
1	I've always enjoyed taking my family to Bill Johnson's, but on our recent visit (2/29/12) the quality of the food, the portion sizes, and their new prices have took a turn for the worse.The bbq pork ribs were tough as leather, the fries were very greasy and portion controlled to the max, the mac and cheese seemed like they just poured liquid cheese on top of the boiled macaroni, and to make it worse, the prices on the menu have skyrocketed.  I feel that if their going to charge more for their menu items, the quality of the food and portion sizes need to be changed as well.  I was very disappointed with the amount of money we spent for the crappy food we ate.  Furthermore, I expressed my concerns with the waitress, but she didn't seem very interested at all.  With that said, I will NEVER return to Bill Johnson's because of the BIG let down.  This was once a great place to eat, but after they filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy, this restaurant went downhill.
3	Giddy up. Food was actually ok. Service not so much.
5	Classic spot. I feel like it's 1967...
4	Upon our overnight stay at Econolodge a few blocks down, the live lit sign along side of the street attracted me to try this restaurant.  I remember the menu vaguely, however did not forget the amazing breakfast special the other half and I ordered.  $6 for a plate of thick cut bacon, 2 eggs made your way, hash browns, and toast (white/wheat/rye, etc.)  Customer service was great, the hostess and waitress made us feel very comfortable!
3	Vintage Charmer. Great old school feel. I have been dining here for 30 years now and see the asthetic improvements. Makes me feel like a kid again. The majority of customers now are hotel guest from neighboring motels and people going to and from the airport. Food wise it has changed the last 2 years. Menu is more limited than the past and I cannot figure why they decided to do that. The beef ribs were tasty but were not too meaty. We ordered some fries that order small that you could count them. The waitress took notice and brought us a hot fresh larger portion. The baked beans were lackluster so just ate a few spoonfuls. The roasted corn was hot and juicy and was the only item that stood out. A half century ago they did not have alot of competition in the valley but now do. I hope they improve or back to thier roots. Not sure if I will return other than for nostalgic sake. Above all else it is a great place to get the feeling of old Phoenix..
3	An old favorite that can still deliver ok value, though it hasn't kept up with the times, nor has it retained all of its old-school flavor.I remember coming here as a small child and being stunned by the assorted Western crapstuffs nailed to the walls and suspended from the ceilings, the sawdust on the floor and the shapely waitresses with big irons on their hips and cowgirl shirts that were cut to fit. The food was never bad, but the food was never really the point.Now, a lot of the former flair seems to have diminished. They don't do radio broadcasts from here anymore. The sawdust has been replaced with sparse wood shavings. A lot of the memorabilia seems to have been raided. And the waitresses have a shape, but it's mainly round these days. So now you have a sort of lack-luster menu of various burgers, steaks, chops, and ribs, none of which really stand out, and service tends to be kinda slow.I would take out-of-towners here to give them a hokey "Arizona" experience with no promises about the quality of the food.
1	Another disaster. Scummy food in an even scummier area of Phoenix. I have to start with the fact the they WILL NOT refund your money once you pay for something. So in my case, I ordered a famous apple burger extra well done to go with a side of mac and cheese that they claim was baked (it was not). The mac and cheese was pasta shells covered in a creamy cheese flavored sauce, about as appetizing as squirt cheese out of a can. Ok we are back at the hotel room and the burger is woefully undercooked and I call and say I'm coming back and just want a refund, but not here. This is the only place in America where you are forced to get something else because of some dimwit policy of no refunds. So, they are saying if I find a cockroach in my initial order, I'm really going to want to order another item? Insane. Fine, I dash back before closing and order the chicken sandwich. This is a sorry piece of chicken breast on a soggy bun, just like the burger with condiments straight from the year they opened -1956. The french fries that arrived with the chicken were solid grease - not potatoes mind you - just basically heavy potato grease. The crazier thing is they included a free mac and cheese with 2nd  order and that looked nothing like the first order. WTF? This version looked exactly like kraft style with those thin pasta tubes, etc and I'm pretty sure it was (see photo). Will the real mac and cheese please stand up. Then the waitress tells me that she has never heard of any restaurant returning money in her life. What planet is she from and what is wrong with this dump?  Oh, the apple burger was a mess also, sloppily prepared, strange sliced apples on top of cheddar cheese and more lettuce than the big salad on Seinfeld. Two cops were hanging out here and I felt like telling them I got robbed because basically they took my money and wouldn't give it back despite the lousy experience. If I had started this process at 5pm, I swear I would have tried 10 different things and kept saying I don't like it and see if they would have returned my money then. Theives. Stay away.
3	When in Phoenix, eat at Bill Johnson's. The brisket and pulled pork were very good. Their cinnamon French dressing on the salad was a nice touch. The service was very friendly.This would be a four star review, but the grits were served at a temperature that was far too hot, and burned my mouth.
2	It's been a while since I've been into Bill Johnson's. The first thing I noticed was that they had removed the sawdust from floor. I always thought that that was a cool trademark of theirs. The food we received was average to below average. The fries were soggy. The mayonnaise was served to us in squeeze packets, that seemed to be old. The service was mediocre at best.I'm sure that it will be a long time before we go back there again.
4	Some years ago, a newspaper article stated the Phoenix Metro area had a 75% turnover rate.  Not that 75% of the population ate turnovers, but that 75% of the populace left after a few years baking in Arizona summers.  I checked 2011 Census information, and 75% of us stay put in the Phoenix Metro area.  I assume 75% of us know about Bill Johnson's Big Apple.  There's good news for we locals.   The Big Apple now serves breakfast all day long, focuses on buying local, and the breakfast menu is very good.  This morning we stopped by Big Apple West for brunch, finding a menu able to satisfy most palates at many price points.  We could go for a big meaty breakfast  and get chicken fried steak, eggs, biscuits and sausage gravy, sausage, ham, bacon or chorizo, We could go contemporary Spinach and mushroom or Farm Fresh Veggie omelets, pancakes and waffles of various types.  Eggs by Hickman's, chorizo by Schreiner's, other ingredients by  local businesses and suppliers.  They're all listed at the bottom of the remade menu.  The Big Apple is a great location to put on your breakfast rotation.  If you're a visitor from elsewhere looking for a taste of the west, try Bill Johnson's Big Apple.
5	I thought this place rocked. We've been in for dinner and breakfast and both were fantastic. I love the fact that it is kid friendly, there's LOTS of seating, it hasn't been super crowded with long waits yet and the service has been great. We'll be in for breakfast on Mother's Day! Can't wait to have another serving of chicken and waffles!
5	best country fry steak every time i come to phoenix i need to stop here
2	So disappointed. Went there mainly for the individual apple pie a la mode that I loved as a kid. The only apple pie on the menu was for 2 people for $12.99. Come on!!  My beef brisket was mostly gristle covered by a heavy sauce.  Bring back the pie, please!,
2	I'm not to sure what the big deal is about this place.  I was staying at the HGI up the street and so I moseyed into this place for some barbecue.  I decided to have some ribs and beer so I rolled up my sleeves and got to work.  Unfortunately, that's what the ribs were... work.  They ribs were no where near fall-off-the-bone.  The beer was perfectly cold but the ribs were forgettable.  I knew I should have ordered the chicken fried chicken.  Ah, well.  Next time.
1	I have been on Phoenix for over 30 years.  I always loved Bill Johnson's. In the last few years they have gone to hell in a hand basket.    Their beef ribs were very large with huge chunks of meet on them.  Tender and full of flavor,.  They have been cutting back and back.   I went last night for ribs.  They were burned black and hard, no flavor,   I mentioned that the entire menu has no lighter fare on it.  The new menu still does  The waitresses are not carrying 67 guns,  (Too expensive) not.  The condiments have disappeared from the tables,  I I am sure the veges are from cans.  They surely need a make over.  Back to good BBQ, lighter fare, reasonable pricing and tell the public they are back to the old ways.  Otherwise go chew and old retread!
2	Best to stick to the apple pie.  The breakfast  especially the sausage is reflective of the prices. Cheap.
1	Went in here to eat dinner with some friends they said didn't have very much and a menu tonight we have everything we wanted didn't have we asked for this didn't have was okay just make us this didn't have that mean why did even stay open what a joke so we're going somewhere else.
1	This place told us they have a  very limited on the menu tonight.I tried to space the second time it may have been third time but the menu seems to be always limited so be cautious their pies are good but I don't understand how restaurant can be open with a limited menu all the time items are not available on the menu maybe that's why the one on the westside side has closed.
2	First the good, as nothing was great... the pulled pork is good. The mac & cheese is good. The mashed potatoes is/are good. The baked potato is good. Next, the ok...the baked beans are ok. The cobb salad is ok. The bbq sauce is ok. The smoked chicken is ok. Finally, the eeewwwch...the brisket, the ribs, the hot links were all gross. And the ribs, in particular, had an "off-putting taste" about them that caused me a great deal of distress. Never again.
2	I have lived in 11 states in my lifetime ranging from Boston, Virginia, Chicago, Central Illinois by St. Louis, New Orleans to Central Texas, and my family is from Nebraska, and have been to the contiguous 48 states.  I LOVE MY BBQ! I have also been cooking in restaurants for 25 years. I still think  that Tony Roma's may still have the best Baby Back ribs.  Yes, I said it even if it nullifies my review!.  Tony Roma's out of all the hidden gem Ma and Pa places that I have been too in Memphis, New Orleans, Fort Worth, KC, still provides fall-off-the-bone ribs with consistency every time!!!!  LOL.My wife and I work hard, so most nights we are not wanting to cook and get delivery!  We are missing New Orleans since both of us have lived in that region, so why not get some Bar-BEE-cue to indulge in and have leftovers for the next day.  Okay, Bill Johnsons it is since that is what we can get delivered. After spending nearly $60.00 to tantalize our addiction to a feasty pork feast (yeah, that made some of you squirmish), I was really disappointed!  OMG is an understatement!  How can you go wrong with any barbeque-smoked stuff?What we ordered was a Smokehouse Sampler, Trailboss Dinner and a Cobb Salad. It was a feast for any two people with leftovers for work the next day. Their BBQ sauce is the St. Louis type you usually get, but tasted more like Arby's Sauce watered down. Is there Big Apple in it, I don't know.  It was very bland and nothing that was impressive at all.  I would put it at the bottom 3 bbq's that I've ever tasted.The sides were delicious!  Mac n cheese, garlic mashed and Baked potato were fabulous, but the portions were very small in to-go cups. I've had better baked beans in a can, though, and wish they would add some of their smoky fixins in them to liven it up.  Come on, have two types if you're wanting to please everyone at least.  Bummed out!The ribs were the worst I have ever had! They tasted fishy to me and I had to pull the meat off the bone so hard that I thought all of my crowns were going to come off! I know there are different types of ribs, but why did it taste like fish and so chewy?  The brisket had a lot of fat on them, which made my wife lose her appetite immediately. Don't you know to trim this after it smokes? I have to say the pulled pork was delicious, but the sauce ruined them.The only thing my wife liked was the chicken. The cobb salad was okay, but the smoked ham was the thing that I could taste and was satisfied filling on the cobb salad and sides, not the barbeque stuff. I liked the smoked ham! All in all, maybe we had the wrong things at this place, but I won't waste my money on this place ever again. Also, where is the cornbread? This place needs to go try other barbecue places and see what makes them unique.  That is what makes these places unique. I also couldn't purchase sides and wanted to try some of their other sides since that was the only good thing we had.  Try again on your recipe for the sauce.  Sorry guys, but very disappointed.
4	The food was great my wife and I shared a sampler plate too much food to down in one setting
1	I am not from the area. I don't know the history. I don't know who Bill Johnson is/was. All I know is my experience on this Wednesday evening. It would be hard for me to recommend this to anyone. I was staying at the HGI and decided to walk down the block to experience this place and it's history. I would not recommend walking as this is not an area to be walking around in at night. The host was also the busser. For a slow night it took her awhile to clear a table for one person. I was told to try the chicken fried steak, supposedly a signature dish w/ Mac and cheese and baked corn. With a side of mashed. The best part was the wait for the food as the beer was cold and my server was quick to bring another as my meal was slow coming out. The steak had a frozen taste, the mashed potatoes had onions in them and the sides were not tasty. By looking at the measured portions they are struggling with portion costs. Usually not a good sign. I found myself in a hurry to get out. The best thing I can say is the staff was pleasant and making the best of what I am sure is a tough situation.
4	Talk about a contrast in restaurants and customer service. My fiancee and I were trying to have a nice night out, the first restaurant we went to pretty much ignored us until we got up and walked out. On the flip side this place was welcoming and our server was fantastic. She was prompt in refilling our drinks and did everything she could to make it a great experience. Her name was Marsi, want to make sure I give her all the credit in the world.Anyway, I ordered the chicken fried chicken and my fiancee ordered the smoked sampler. Our food arrived, though our server said she was not happy with the country gravy, she felt it was too watery, but brought it in a cup so I could judge for myself. It was extremely watery for whatever reason, and she came back saying that her manager wanted to take the whole plate back so they could prepare everything again (I did not complain once, all this was initiated by the server from the start) and that I'd be comped on my portion of the dinner.While waiting I tried a bit of the brisket my finacee had and it was really excellent. My fiancee said the whole dish was good except she wasn't too thrilled with the type of cut they used for the pork ribs, but overall it was a really good meal. My dish arrived, and it was the best chicken fried chicken I've ever had, the breaded chicken breast was super tender, almost melt in your mouth, and the breading was flavorful and light, almost a tempura style. The remade gravy was just the right consistency and really good all on its own. The side of green chile mac & cheese, something I've never had before was excellent as well, along with the steak fries, which is saying a lot since I usually don't care for steak fries.We will back again, they helped salvage what was looking to be a bad night out. The place may be kind of pricey but from what I tried it was worth it.
4	Hey yall....from the looks of this place from the outside it reminded me something off of a John Candy and Bill Murray Movie...which had me extremely skeptical about the food and it didn't change one bit once I got on the inside, but my brunch mate assured me that it was all good....wishing you could see my face....Once I quickly ordered a Hot Chocolate it's kinda like a test of the kitchen in spots like this and I was BLOWN...and so ready to order...so I got the chicken fried steak(not one of my favorite meats)..eggs with cheddar cheese oven roasted potatoes and a side of pancakes....THAT ISH WAS DELISH....I was actually drooling over my plate....This was a hidden gem much like myself never judge a restaurant by its parking lot sign.....toodles
2	Not what it used to be. I had the Thursday special of boneless pork ribs. They were rock hard and dry. Service was everything I remembered, excellent. Amy did a great job overcoming poor quality and I would return for the service and deep dish apple pie.
5	My favorite restaurant I stop every time I am in phoenix..... everything is good like the sauces too
2	My husband had been here before & loved the apple pie ala mode.  It had been served hot with the ice cream lusciously  melting onto it. This time our experience was quite different. We had ordered black & bleu burgers with onion rings. The onion rings were quite good, burger was fine. The bun was mediocre & it was served with packets of mayo. Didn't see that coming. The thing is the service was so slow. It took forever to just get the burgers. Then it took our server 20 minutes to clear & get our pie order. I get it takes awhile to cook the pie but we heard the pie was at the pass 10 minutes before it was served to us, cold. We didn't even eat it but got the bill & left. The service was inexcusable. We are done with Bill Johnson & his big apples.
4	After driving to AZ from Southern CA & making a stop at the Phoenix airport to pick up an addition to our group we found Bill Johnson's. What a fun, retro place!  The staff was friendly & very welcoming & they offered great bits of information on the food and the history of this fun, throwback place. They serve breakfast all day. One in our group ordered the yogurt, fruit & muffin plate. It was very nicely presented & plentiful in it's portion. I ordered fill potato skins which were crispy & quite yummy. Additionally, I had a cup of their chili ...which was delicious with just the right amount of kick!  My friend had a steak with broccoli & a baked potato, which looked great & she said the steak was perfectly cooked & tender. We took some desserts to go, pecan pie & carrot cake. Both were enjoyed. The restaurant itself is like being inside an old west tourist attraction. The walls are filled with novelty items that are both interesting & just fun to look at. It's a cool place with good food.
5	Food was great. Waitress was happy and upbeat. Steady flow of customers and everyone looks happy with their meal. So an overall excellent experience. Happy we stopped in!
3	Great place for breakfast.  Simple, no frills menu with reasonable prices, but food is quality and cooked perfectly.  Friendly, prompt wait staff.  Recommended for breakfast!
5	Great atmosphere! This is a one of a kind place and  great to bring guests to. Just brought my family here tonight and they all enjoyed it, all ten of them. I have three young boys and the decor interested them. Kid friendly! This restaurant has a good selection to choose from and the people there are always friendly and fast. The steak I had tonight was very tender, juicy, and tasted amazing. The broccoli I had for a side was the greenest I've ever seen and also tasted fresh. Hope this one stays open for years to come!
5	This is by far one of my favorite places to eat. The food is incredibly.  Drinks are good, and fairly priced. Happy hour weekdays till 6p.m.  I go here at least once a week, sometimes two or three times a week. And I plan to keep coming
3	Was passing through Phoenix a few weeks a go staying near the airport. Went to this Big Apple for dinner. Service was not that great, seems to be operating at half speed. Not bad service but slow service. Having said that the food was pretty good. I had Chicken Fried Steak dinner. The steak and gravy were quite good but the sides were almost too small to be called sides. Wife was about the same for her brisket platter.
4	I was a little hesitant to go here because of mixed Yelp reviews, but ultimately it was too convenient to my hotel to pass up.  I don't regret the decision at all--I had a great steak with a good selection of sides, and the service was great as well.  I could see this being a regular destination if I stay nearby very often.
5	My recent visit to the Phoenix area wasn't complete until we stopped here to taste the food Bill Johnson's is known for. Our waitress was on top of her game, kept our drinks full and VERY friendly. The brisket over four Texas toast with gravy,mashed potatoes,Mac and cheese, baked beans was yummy and very satisfying to the mister.
3	It was about time I visited a historic Phoenix steakhouse. I wish I could say it blew my socks off, but it did not. I ordered Big Bills Big Whiskey upon arrival. It was essentially a huge whiskey sour. It was on. Had a lot of tartiness. The lack of a bar was disapointing. I ordered a top sirloin with beans, mac and cheese, and mashed potatoes. Everything was good, not great, but good. The 10oz steak was reasonably prices. Cooked well but could use more seasoning. The sides were much better especially the cowboy beans. The enviroment is friendly and family appropriate. Service was good and attentive; however, i was one of four people there.
4	It's 2014, Christmas approaches and it's full-on Country Christmas here at Big Apple 1.  The place is generally fixed up, painted and clean,  Great stars of country sing songs of Christmas over the sound system and the halls are decked. I'm looking forward to my grilled chicken salad.
4	This is a fun family restaurant I will say the inside is quite old I was disappointed with the grease that was used for the to deep fry oil needed to be changed the coleslaw was not that great but everything else was very good the staff is young but friendly and we went on a Friday evening and it was not that busy overall this is a fun Country Western restaurant.
3	Old western decor, food and service is average.  They provide a decent meal if you are near the Phoenix airport.
