5	After hearing someone say "Phoenix has a zoo?... Really?  Well it can't be that good if I haven't heard of it." I knew I had to write a review.  (And yes, I did actually hold back from running over and smacking and/or shaking the guy who said that. It was hard, but I had a review to write...)  What you need to know about the zoo.   - Wear comfortable shoes!  Like the rest of Phoenix, our zoo sprawls. - Wear sunscreen.  Most folks don't think about it, but I know lots of folks who have come away from there pink. - Try to avoid going in the midst of the summer.  Not only is it too hot for you, it might also be too hot for the animals and they'll be camped out in the back under some shade.   - The monkeys are awesome, as always, but they have a great area. - They have a really diverse group of animals in a diverse setting - from visiting the croc swamp to barren desert prairies. - The food isn't half bad!  We were surprised! - Zoo Lights!  Starting around Thanksgiving and going through January they light up much of the zoo with cool themed displays.  It's not the entire zoo, so less of a walk, but enough of one that it's worth the price of admission. - It's conveniently close to the Desert Botanical Gardens if you want to make your trip a 2-fer. - 2 Words - PETTING ZOO!  If you have kids - this is the place to go.  If you're bringing a date - SO the place to go.
5	Kristin C.'s review prompted a review from me!I *heart* the Phoenix Zoo.  I volunteered here while in high school.  I went on an awesome tour with the zoo's veterinarian when I thought I wanted her job (I learned that I prefer just loving my dog and visiting zoos).  The people who work here are amazing and love sharing knowledge about the animals.I live in Chicago now, and though LP Zoo is pretty cool, I much prefer the Phoenix Zoo.  The animal habitats are bigger - so you don't always see as many animals, but I like knowing that the critters are running about and are not cramped into little cages.  The Phx Zoo offers so many educational opportunities for kids (the summer camp is great!!!) and fun events for adults, too.  If you really like the zoo, check into getting a membership, you help out animals and get to skip the lines for buying tickets!Definitely follow Kristin C's advice and wear comfy shoes, sunscreen, and drink lots of water - the zoo is huge and you will be walking quite a bit. My favorite part is the AZ trail, it is so cool to see the animals that are native to our part of the country, and the exhibits are really well done. Go check it out!
4	Zoo Lights in December is a definite must do if you have kids.  But even if you don't,  it's a great place to snuggle up with a date, walk around with a beer and enjoy the thousands of lights hung throughout the walkways.Besides that visit, I've also been in June when I've gotten to see the giraffe habitat and meeting areas.  There's also a banquet hall on-site too.The zoo itself is decent size.  It's not TOO big and expensive like the San Diego Zoo where you have to budget your time and dollars wisely.  But it's also not a tiny zoo where you finish seeing it in an hour.  At $14 adult tickets are pretty reasonable.They have all kinds of themed days/nights with fun programming for kids.  It was even recently voted as one of the top 5 zoos in the U.S. for kids.
4	Ever had a vacation that doesn't quite click on all cylinders? That happened to us a few years ago in November when we decided to visit Arizona on the cheap via a time-share offer (you know - the kind were you have to listen to "the talk"). We got the talk over with on the first day. Unfortunately my wife was in tears when I said no because she had bought into the sales ploy that plunking down thousands of dollars for a piece of a resort on a posh Scottsdale golf course was better than a similar offering in Breckenridge or Kauai. The trip to the Grand Canyon was memorable in a no-see-em sort of way. You arrive at the rim to behold a magnificent panorama and...nothing! A snow storm and clouds in the canyon had completely obliterated the view. We did have a fun snowball fight. Sedona shone in all its touristic glory (it really is a beautiful place, though). I thought I felt a jolt of energy in one of its famous vortices, but then realized I was just light-headed from chasing my kids up the hill. Which brings me to the Phoenix Zoo - the attraction that saved the trip for my son and I.What do you do with an active boy when his sisters and mom want to go shopping and tan by the pool? Yep! That's right! Zoo therapy. Let me start the review by saying I spent half of my childhood at the San Diego Zoo which set the bar impossibly high when used to benchmark other zoos. However, it also instilled in me a life-long love of the zoo experience. I've taken my children to zoos in dozens of cities across the US and in Europe. The Phoenix Zoo is one of the best.It's a perfect zoo at which to spend three hours and feel like you've seen about everything. The walkways meander easily through different animal habitats and I was surprised and delighted to see that bikers and skaters are allowed. Very smart! I was relieved that it was November and not August. The thought of walking around the place with the temperature at 115 deg F is daunting.The zoo has some special highlights that bear mentioning:- The walk-through monkey exhibit. They frolic directly over your head via a system of ropes that serve as the monkey highway through the exhibit. I was amused to see the hand sanitizer and wash stations at the exit. Omygosh! Monkey germs! Many in our over-sanitized culture would be shocked to see equivalent European exhibits where they allow monkeys to sit on your shoulder while you feed them monkey food. - The Wallaby Walkabout. Uber-cool for the under-ten contingent.- The Arizona Trail. It's always great and instructive to see indigenous critters in a pseudo-indigenous environment. When we visited, the coyotes were being particularly cooperative in a game of hide-and-go-seek with my boy.The coolest thing in the whole zoo? The tamarin exhibit! These tiny primates share their enclosure with...whodathunkit...chickens! Why chickens? It's a case of the hens guarding the monkey house. The tamarin's inquisitive nature makes them easy victims for Arizona's scorpion population. They pick them up, get stung and get sick. Chickens just happen to like to eat scorpions and are immune to their venom. When my son found this out, he spent an additional twenty minutes looking for scorpions. Either those barbed beasts weren't being forthcoming or the chickens had done an A+ job.I'd highly recommend the Phoenix Zoo as a leisurely and instructive afternoon's activity for the whole family.
4	Okay, let me get my biggest gripe out of the way first: no polar bears! Yes, yes, I know...it's Arizona, it's too hot for polar bears, but that doesn't make me any less sad.Now, onto the real stuff. I got an annual membership for $50 which means I can visit almost any time I want except during special events. I get discount tickets to Zoo Lights and so on. That price isn't bad considering that regular admission is $14. I've already been twice in the last week (no, I don't have a life).The animals are still a little lethargic, recovering from a very hot summer. So far I have yet to see the male lion do anything but sleep very soundly. However, I did meander over to the porcupine enclosure at just the right time and got to see her chase her handler around the enclosure and "target" for treats. I can honestly say I had never before seen a trained porcupine. The safari-type enclosure that houses the giraffes amongst other African animals is really cool. And the baboons LOVE having their photograph taken, no joke. There aren't as many animals as other zoos in smaller metros that I've been to, but the climate around here really limits the types of animals they can keep. Still, it's a cool place to walk around. It's really spread out and easy to get lost in, which is fine by me. Oh, and don't forget to visit the wallabies!
4	Just don't go in the heat of the summer ... holy cow was that miserable ... for us AND the animals who were pretty much all hiding out.  Phew!
3	Great place and my kids love it.  i haven't splurged enough to do the train ride, but the walking is starting to get too much.  Some of the exhibits are not viewer friendly but all in all it is a good place to view the animals.  the zoo lights are not that spectacular, i have been twice now with our pass but have decided not to repeat this year.  still a good investment if you have kids.  don't go in the summer.
1	Ok, clearly the writers of previous reviews are desperately hungry for entertainment.  I just went through this "zoo" yesterday, and I found it nothing more than a bunch of displays with 1 or less animals in them.  The animals always huddled towards the back of the areas making them completely unviewable.  I guess it was a zoo of Rocks n Sticks.Furthermore, the prices for food (this isn't a suprise) is not just a ripoff, it's nothing short of thievery!  No one item of food was worth what they wanted.Plain and simple - go find somewhere else to entertain yourself...
2	No matter how hard I try, I find it hard to like most zoos, including the one in Phoenix. I s'pose seeing animals in cages bothers me. Yes, that must be it. Also, smelling their fecal matter and wondering if the animals are embarrassed that they can't take a dump 1,500 ft away from their watering hole or sleeping spot. I would be embarrassed. Humans don't put toilets in the kitchen, after all. Sure, I love being able to see live and in -person jaguars, snakes, apes, elephants, etc. But I always leave feeling sad, like the animals can't possibly be happy and content being locked up. They must know they're restricted. Sure, you build a cheetah a cage and think he's happy running the same path 1,349 times a day. But, let's face it, he's not. Don't tell me you haven't noticed. And while I love that I've seen live pandas (in DC) or dolphins (in OKC), I just hate seeing animals in captivity. I wouldn't want to be caged. Who knows, one of these days, it could be the flying squirrel and her family, along with donkeys and dung beetles, who pay a minimal fee to come see human beings in cages and behind glass. "Oh, look," the baby flying squirrel will say, "that one there is flinging his poo! How gross!"
3	While I myself enjoyed my brief stint in a hanging cage at a club in Chicago, I doubt very much the animals here are happy about it. At least I got to get liquored up. These poor fellas get Phoenix tap water. Groddy! As far as zoos go, this one rates pretty average to me. Sort of on par with LA's in Griffith Park. A lot of the paths are like navigating Central Avenue with potholes large enough to swallow a stroller. It's difficult to see most of the animals as they seem to hide. But who can blame them. They must thinking..."WTF. Why are these two legged creatures lining up to see me poop?" Strange indeed. And it is really a place for kids. Like Chuck E Cheese. And the room of balls at IKEA. And Mia Farrow's house. If I want to see something on all fours, being held against it's will, I wait for bondage night at Pat's Bunkhouse. At least then I can have a beer and not worry about the stench of feces. Oh, wait. Strike that. Have you been to Pat's Bunkhouse?
4	I'm not sorry that I love this zoo. I have many fond memories here.Yes, it's a smaller zoo, and yes, they are somewhat lacking in good animal watching..but come on people, six months out of the year it's blazing hot outside. They can only do so much. I recommend coming here on a beautiful spring day. If it's hot outside, you'll hate it. Bring your bike, too. I used to bring my bike and just ride around all day.
4	As zoos go this is one of the best. Of course, it's hard to love any zoo after going to the one in San Deigo!I took my girls here this week (during spring break), and they loved it. We tried the paddle boats for the first time. FYI :30 min. is long enough (don't get suckered into buying a full hour unless your name is Lance Armstrong). The kids couldn't get enough of the petting zoo - which is more of a "goat petting" if you ask me.The Phoenix Zoo is affordable: $26 got all three of us in, plus $12 for the paddle boats, and around $20 for snacks and water. We did get smart and had lunch before getting there.For a Thursday afternoon I was surprised at how crowded it was. We were there for several hours, saw the bulk of the animals and all for less than $60.
4	If you've been to this zoo once or twice and think you've seen it all, think again.  I had been to this zoo a few times over the years before moving to the Valley and thought it was a relatively nice zoo, but I had the same complaints as others who visit infrequently...namely the animals are not putting on a show.I have since learned it's not the animals that need to change, it's YOU.  If you find your favorite animal is always asleep in the afternoon, go in the morning.  If you find the animals are hiding out in the August heat, try going in March.  Animals are largely creatures of habit, and the zoo is their home.  They are not there to entertain you.However, if you vary your schedule, you will see something new nearly every time you visit.  I have seen the tigers in trees, the male lion (who is nearly always asleep) roaring at the crowd, the otters chasing each other and "talking" to the visitors.This zoo is spread out, so expect to walk a little.  In fact, it's a great place to get some exercise.  If you go in the summer, go EARLY unless you are doing a sleep study on the animals.  Also, you may want to avoid Spring Break weeks if you don't care to be surrounded by thousands of screaming kids running around.  Those days it is truly a zoo.  I highly recommend purchasing a membership.  It pays for itself in only a few trips, and even if you don't go more than that, it's a terrific way to support animal care and conservation.  The zoo is more involved in conservation than you might think.
4	This won't be the kind of zoo that will win international awards (although in cases with things like 'zoos', there's always an award from some society to hand out), but its a great way to spend a long morning and early afternoon with students.  In this particular case, as chaperon for part of my gf's 2nd grade class.  Something about ushering a group of five hyped up 7-year-olds through the chalky landscape, bomb-pops in hand, loaded up to their D-Backs caps in sugar and expectations can make any place special.  For these kids, the Phoenix Zoo delivered, and in turn delivered on my cautious optimism as well.  A saccharine start in the "Tropics Trail" with a very smooth finish at the tigers, left every single one of my kids-for-the-day overenthused and buzzing.  The highlight was their interactive venture into the Sting Ray pool, where for $3 (trying to remember) they got to dip their hands into the water and "play" with the rays.  This made them literally goofy.  I was also surprised that their food court was fairly extensive and the quality of food far exceeded my expectations.  I had a BBQ burger (comes with an onion ring on top) that was actually top-tier fast food.  I remember it being modestly priced too (in terms of the typical amusement park racket).Overall, I was highly impressed with the Phoenix Zoo.  As others have mentioned, the San Diego Zoo is the highest standard deviation from the mean as far as zoos are concerned, but I can certainly call the Phoenix Zoo a benchmark on which to build.
3	We went to the zoo this past Saturday because the weather was mild and beautiful and it seemed like a nice Memorial weekend activity. Apparently, a lot of other people had the same idea, because it was totally packed! Our favorite thing about the zoo was the way many of the habitats - most notably, that of the longhorns - was built into/around the natural desert landscape. Papago Peak was a gorgeous backdrop for the wildlife. One other really stand-out exhibit was the monkey habitat. There is a winding path through a bunch of trees, and the monkeys jump through the trees and even cross the path every so often. Less enchanting were the tiger and lion exhibits; the habitats were run-down, and the animals seemed lonely and restless. I have definitely been to better zoos, but this was a fun way to spend an afternoon on an unseasonably mild Phoenix afternoon.
3	Unfortunately, the weather seems a little hot for the cute critters roaming this place (except for the reptiles)... but that did not deter me from checking it out.  The planes flying overhead do not provide the most quiet sanctuary for these creatures, but there is plenty of parking and the admission cost is reasonable.Make sure to check out the "open" monkey exhibit - it is 1 of only 4 in the world.  You can step in to a fenced off arena that holds at least 30 little spider monkeys... this was one of the most unique experiences I have ever had at a zoo and I'm sure other people would say the same!
5	Last night we attended the  summer night time activities for kids held on Fridays  form 6-9 during the summer. We had a great time, the kids had water  blow up slides to play on , water play , Phoenix Youth theater acts, fun  family music.   They have only one more Friday left this summer, so come out and have fun. There was a lovely breeze by about 7:00  and the sun  stopped heating it up. Always love the zoo, they seem to be getting more and more exhibits and animals.  I recommend going at the beginning of the day or end of the day. That's when many animals come out to play , feed and  water. Last  night we  saw the family of wild dogs playing and hanging out  also saw the cheetahs which was  a treat , they usually hide to camouflage .The zoo is equipped with clean bathrooms, lots of places  for breaks and hanging out. We have had two birthday parties there and the kids loved it. The kids wanted a ride on the tram which was nice in the evening , we learned new facts from the guide and a little about the Zoo's work on keeping many animals from becoming extinct.My 9 year old and my best friends 10 year old have been coming here since they were 2 and 3 . They love coming here and never seem to tire of it We visit the zoo about every two months just to check out what the animals are doing.  You can bring in your own food, wagons, bikes and stay all day . For little ones there is a huge tree house to play in  and a water splash place for summer.
3	I give it a 3 because the cages or whatever you call them are pretty small. There isnt much to see. This place definatly needs a make over. However I do always have a good time, the staff seems to really enjoy what they do. They just need more shows and new animals, or exibits where you can see the animals. Maybe touch up the aquarium section. I do give 5 stars to the shark and sting ray petting area but it is really dumb you have to pay more to get in there. Luckily I knew the admission person who let me in but I remember it being a ridiculous price.
4	I have been to the Phoenix Zoo twice now. The first time was 3 weeks ago in 104 degree temp. Awful experience. We only went around the big animals side so my daughter could see them. All the animals were tired, hot and sleeping. They looked miserable and we were miserable too. The water mists did not help one bit.We also went this past weekend when the temperature was a high of 76 degrees. Heaven!!! Loved the zoo. Had so much fun. No need to rush. We just relaxed. All the kids were in a great mood. People were smiling, laughing, just having plain ol fun. The animals seemed alive and active. Just a beautiful experience. The Arizona Trail is great. It might have been good to go there with the hot temperatures as well. Some animals are hard to see because of the layout in the cages. The cages are smaller than needed for some of these large cats and other wild life. The Orangutans have a little baby Orangutan in it and he just hangs and plays while the big guys sleep. It was really cool. My favorite part is the giraffes. There were 5 of them this last time.
3	Really, I would give this place 3.5 stars. It is a great, relaxing place to spend a cool day. DO NOT go when it is hot - you will be miserable and so are the animals. Overall, this is a pretty standard, older zoo. What distinguishes it, though, is the amazing desert backdrops. The best areas of the zoo are those that reflect the local landscape, especially the big horn sheep area dramatically set against Papago Peak. As an aside, the kettle corn made on site is really good as well. If you want a salty-sweet snack, this is the way to go.
4	Having a small daughter, walking the malls around here gets old. A friend and I recently took our girls to the zoo and had a great time. 99% of the zoo is stroller friendly. I think the only place I had to park it was the petting zoo and the monkey enclosure. Over all the zoo is beautiful and very well kept, even for it's age. I love that some of the exhibits really show off Arizona's beautiful landscape. I highly recommend packing a lunch and eating in the picnic area though as food is abnormally high priced, even for a zoo/amusement park. Also, if you think you'd use it, BUY A MEMBERSHIP! It's like $75 for two adults and two children and you don't always have to take a spouse, you can bring a guest! Kids under 2 are free anyhow but at $16 each for adults it's totally worth it after just a couple of visits.
4	I am definitely a fan. The place is clean and easy to walk. The animals have lots of room and the viewing is great. We spent about 6.5 hours walking and saw practically everything in the zoo. Theere is nothing remarkable about the collection of animals but the experience was among the best I have had overall at zoos in this country. The food is slightly over priced and there is not much variety. However, I enjoyed the simple but ample chicken cesar salad that cost under $7.  If you want something better, bring it with as they allow for food and drink.The gift shop is sub-par with run of the mill things that most zoos have.
5	It was a beautiful Saturday in Phoenix.  The weather was cool and crisp, the sky was clear.  It really was a perfect day to take a walk and be outside, so I invited my husband to the zoo.Before we went there, we stopped at our favorite taco place, Guedos, and with bellies full we set off.It's been a long time since I've gone to the zoo.  Probably because my life is like a zoo, I really don't want to go there to visit!  I think the last zoo I visited was the San Diego Zoo about 5 years ago.We had a fabulous time.  The animals were out, we got to walk around in the beautiful natural setting, and enjoy each other's company.  My favorite animals were the meerkats and the elephants.  They had elephants there that are older than I am!  No wonder they have so many wrinkles!We spent about 4 hours there and had a fabulous time.  We thought it was worth the $14 we paid per person to get in.  I do agree with previous reviews.  We didn't buy food there, as there was no way I was going to pay big bucks for typical zoo food that isn't really good for you anyway.  We did pay $2.50 a bottle for water and soda.   Best thing for a family is to bring your own.  Anyway, the Phoenix Zoo is a must see on a cool day.  In the summer they open at 7, so you should be able to enjoy the morning coolness.Enjoy!
3	Reason 18,565,992 not to have kids: Phoenix Zoo. You walk in and before seeing any animals you are bombarded with gift shops, playgrounds, a carousel, food stands and stingray bay (admission required). Jesus I felt bad for those with younger ones who couldn't even be bothered by the animals but were lured by all the stops at the entrance. Aside from the qualms mentioned above, Phoenix Zoo offers a decent variety of animals for such a hot climate. The exhibits fit in nicely with the terrain and you won't die of heat exhaustion trying to see the animals if you skip the summer months. But yeah. It's a zoo. You see crazy ass animals in habitats. 'nuff said.
5	I'm a huge fan of the Phoenix Zoo which is funny since I don't really like kids and there are always a zillion kids around. But that's not the zoos fault. There are great animals here and lots to see. Go in the morning when the animals are the most active. A new exhibit is under construction for a Komodo Dragon. How cool is that! I like the Arizona Trail and the amphibians the best. And the sting rays when they are there. I don't ever buy snacks since prices are high. I'd recommend eating before you go. The zoo is very shady. I went last summer on July 8 and had a great time.
3	Phx Zoo is huge. Prepare for a lot of walking or paying for a tram. The animals seem to have lost their minds a la "Happy Feet", but if you go to one of the cafes and buy a $45 hamburger, you'll forget all about their misery. Don't forget your collector's cup! Refills are only $1 each. Buy a membership if you plan on going more than once. Trust me, it's worth it. It gets you into other zoos, like Tucson Zoo for free, too. Pack your own lunch. Fill a cooler and save big bucks that can be used to buy junk in the gift shop (or carry a a tantrum-throwing toddler over your shoulder back to the car, your choice).
5	I love the zoo! My family has a membership and it is used well. For anyone with kids under 10 living in the Valley of the Sun, membership is a must! This way, there is no pressure to see the entire park in one visit. There are so many activities for kids, that we usually cover half the park per visit.Favorite actvities at the zoo include: the monkey walk (there is no wall seperating you from the monkeys and they jump around the walking path - so fun!), the many kid parks/fountains to play in, the kids petting zoo, and the old giant turtles. Also, try out Zoo Lights! You can't use your membership to get it, but it's well worth the extra expense. We went in early July - dress your kids in bathing suits and bring tons of water! There are water activities everywhere, and the paths are lit up with magical lights.If you are visiting from out of town, the Zoo is well worth the trip. If it's a hot month, go early and take the train tour to save energy. Bring water!!
5	The zoo is cool! I have enjoyed the Zoo lights in the fall in the past and this weekend visited for the giraffe encounter. I highly recommend seeking this exhibit. It is $3 in addition to the fee to get into the zoo, but it was worth it. My friend and I got to hand feed a couple of giraffes - how cool to be that close to the animals. Thankfully they also provide a spritz of hand sanitizer to get the saliva off.The exhibit is 7 days a week 9-10 AM. Highly recommend going being this exhibit is gone. Also stop by to see the new jaguar on display.
5	Elephant day at the zoo yesterday was amazing!!! good day at the zoo. Highly recommended specially now that we are getting a good weather to spend the day outside
4	I really dig this zoo.  I had a blast feeding the stingrays- they are just like giant cuddly portabella mushrooms, i.e. AWESOME.  The open monkey exhibit is great too.  However, my favorite is the cabybara- the largest rodent in the world.  My visit to the zoo is not complete without seeing the capybara in all of its sassy glory!I understand some folks' uneasiness at zoos, worrying about the animals being too cramped, hot, etc.  But I really feel that the Phoenix Zoo is a far cry from the zoos and circuses of yore.  It is a non-profit zoo, and it is important to know that it takes part in many conservation efforts and also serves as a sanctuary for unwanted/aggressive/abused animals.  It is an excellent place to learn, especially for children.
5	Love the PHX Zoo!! All the animals were out and about and looked good. The weather was cooler in Oct. Staff was friendly. Kudos to @phoenixzoo on Twitter for getting us out and reminding us to go!
4	I love the Phoenix zoo. So I grew up in south Phoenix and this was our go to field trip in elementary school. Seriously, we went every year. But I was ok with that because I loved it. I've enjoyed picnics (the way too go, the food is not that great and it's expensive), birthday parties, and scavenger hunts here. I even saw a wedding here once. On a nice day it makes for a great walk. Too bad they didn't have the water park type area when I was a kid. It looks so refreshing to splash in during the summer when the afternoons can be unbearable. Trust me, I've thought about shoving a kid or too out of the way just to enjoy a sprinkle.  It's also nice to come here in December when it's a little chilly and grab a cup of hot chocolate and enjoy Zoo Lights.
5	When we first got here I felt disappointed until I realized the zoo is much larger than it first appears. Particularly worthy of checking out - the lions and tigers. Also do not pass up the monkey walk. The little squirrel monkeys are fun to watch. Be sure to shell out the extra bucks to feed the giraffes. It's a unique experience to be so close to these large, yet gentle, creatures. Definitely my favorite part of my visit.Visit Date: 11/19/09
4	A really nice zoo as long as you're not expecting the San Diego Zoo experience. But hey, for $16 (half that if you're a member at a reciprocal institution) you get more than what you might expect. We're from out of town and I was pleasantly surprised at the size and layout of the park and the quality of the exhibits. We didn't get to everything but our kids enjoyed running around and seeing all the animals. The Giraffe Encounter was well worth the $3.Watching the mandrills pick insects off each other's butts to eat was itself worth four stars.
4	Love the zoo.  We had a season pass and went whenever the weather was good (not too hot)  The best part of the zoo, in my opinion, is the squirrel monkey exhibit.  You get to walk thru with all the little cuties hanging around.  We managed to go last when they had their little babies on their backs, too cute.  We also like when they have the stingray exhibit, check for schedule, my daugther spends tons of time touching them.  It does cost extra for this exhibit but if you have kids it is worth it.  We did try a 2 person bike rental to view the zoo.  My suggestion is to have 2 adults peddling.  My child was not able to help much and my legs hurt and on some of the hills I had to push it.  If you are lucky enough, usually earlier in the day, you will find the handlers taking care of and feeding the animals.  They are very happy to answer questions and tell interesting stories about their charges.  We also like to go early because all the animals are usually up and about.  The little critters (chipmunks?) are still out searching for food and are fun too watch as well.
5	LOVE the Phoenix zoo! My son and I are there at least once a month for regular zoo days and breakfast with the animals (special program for youngsters to learn about a specific animal and have breakfast at the zoo) In addition to regular zoo days, we enjoy their special events. We spent "Noon Years Eve" there--they had a special event for kids, they brought in snow for the kids to play and even had a cider toast at noon. We also went to zoolights (holy crowded) on my sons birthday.I also love that the zoo has a social media presence. They're active on Twitter and always have deals and contests going on.
5	There is never a time when I have felt that the entrance price at any zoo is too much.  No exception here!  After all, we are getting to see live exotic animals up close and personal.  Every person's inner child/geek is awakened when the opportunity presents itself to inform the rest of the party everything he or she knows about the komodo dragon, or the lion, or tigers, or elephants.  I know that I am instantly transformed into an obnoxious know-it-all docent recalling even the most minute detail from the safari cards I used to collect as a kid.  There is certainly a time and place for geeking out and my favorite time is zoo time!  I honestly think I missed my calling as a zoologist, and you may feel the same way if you were as book smart as I was in the fifth grade about animals.  I suspect every kid dreams of a lifetime tending to animals when they visit a zoo.All that said, you will have a great time at this zoo.  It's arranged in a couple of concentric circles so if you give yourself an entire day to see it you can certainly make it all the way around, or at least you can see most of it like we did.  The animals here all seem well cared for and don't seem to mind their enclosures.  While not ideal, I did notice they have a good deal of space to roam with the exception of the warthog who was a heck of a lot more active than I had ever imagined.  You will notice that there are fully horned longhorn steer in the same pen as the giraffes.  At first, I thought they had to be some kind of import, but no, just regular longhorns.  Just when I thought to myself, "how boring and odd," they erupted in a battle of horn locking and butting.  I'm a native Texan and I felt proud watching them mix it up like that.  Then I thought, "those are steer, why the sense of pride?"  Silly, I know, but hook-em-horns y'all!Wear a hat and drink plenty of water year round, the Arizona sun is a killer and the desert climate is every bit as dry as you can't even imagine.  Ideally one would go during the winter, the weather is mild enough i suspect the animals are out basking and you won't suffer heat stroke trying to spy the elusive wild dogs or the cheetahs.I recommend this zoo to anyone passing through or if you're a native to the area.  Somehow the zoo tends to lift my spirits and makes me feel a bit smaller and less important in this world.  I like that idea, since some are under the impression that we can treat mother nature any way we please.  The zoo reminds me that there are more important things on this earth than a new car or what my 401K is doing this year.  "When the world decides it's had enough of us, it will shake us off like a bad case of the fleas..." George Carlin
5	My family and I have had our Phoenix zoo membership for 1 year now. We love it! It is worth every penny. We go at least 1 time per month and always have a great time. The volunteers are extremely friendly, we have only met 1 who was not. Even when it is too hot in the summer to do anything outdoors we go to the zoo. We play at the water park then go straight home. We watch many families (parents) rushing their children through the zoo to the point that the kids don't have fun. With a membership we are always walking at a leisurely pace. Sometimes we go and only see a hand full of animals. Sometimes we go to ride our bikes around and don't stop at the animals at all. We love that the new Kimono Dragon exhibit is in, and are excited to see the Orangutan exhibit being started. My daughter is learning quite alot at the zoo. At 5 she is already interested in traveling the world to see these animals in their native habitat. Now, I must say... If you have been to the San Diego zoo, please realize that the Phoenix Zoo can not compare. So, don't go to the Phoenix Zoo expecting anything more than a great zoo for education purposes. But, it is the 2nd best zoo I have been to. My family is from a small city in Arizona. We moved to Phoenix primarily due to the culture a big city can provide for raising children. I chose to live in S. Scottsdale specifically because the Phoenix zoo is about 2 miles away from my home.
4	I've been to many zoo's across the country and this one was pretty good. I am a nanny and I have taken the kids I nanny for there and they love it! It does have a lot of areas in it just for the kids that don't even include animals which can be great! Especially the splash pads with our AZ summers! Bring their suits and some dry clothes. They have nice enclosures for the animals which are great to see the animals but they also seem very comfortable and natural for the animals as well I definitely recommend checking it out as a family, or adult!If you happen to be around during Dec-Jan definitely go see the zoo lights!
5	The Phoenix Zoo is my favorite place to spend beautiful spring Phoenix days.  My 5 year old daughter and I love the sting rays, the petting zoo, the water play areas, the carousel, the tree house, the horse back riding classes ... this place has so much to offer.  My personal favorite exhibit is the Savannah and the new Komodo dragon exhibit is cool too. The membership is worth the money and pays for itself after just a couple of trips.  You also get free passes and discounts as part of the membership so I definitely recommend it.  Once you go there, you will find that you want to go back time and again to play, explore and hang-out.
4	A great walk, with superb animals! The animal environments are very clean, and the inhabitants seem very happy with their man made homes. If you happen to be in Phoenix during December or early January, make it a point to go check out the Zoo Lights. Weather will be much cooler then the summer months, and the lighting displays are really inventive and appealing. Overall, this zoo is one of the better ones I've been to, and doesn't disappoint on any level.
5	Love it! good for kids of all ages (and yes I mean you adults too!)
5	I love this zoo. Big zoo, but can be finished in one day.  Doesn't have all the fluff that the San Diego zoo has. The safari is the best exhibit.
3	Meh, I was pretty unimpressed with the Phoenix Zoo.. Dont get me wrong, any zoo is cool as shit in my book, I just wasn't wowed at all by anything going on here.There is an alright mix of animals, coolest ones included the giraffes, my favorite of course, the jungle cats and the stingrays we had to pay $3 each to hang out with and pet. Then on top of that you pay another $5 for a cup of shrimp and anchovies to feed to them.. $16 collectively for two people for one exhibit alone and you've just bought another adult admission. Steep, but I will say the rays were pretty rad even though all ll I could think about was Steve Erwin and dying a miserable electrical death, so my inhibitions were high, but once I realized 37 5 year olds were braver than I was, I sucked it up and stuck my hands in the pool. In case you didn't know, they are wicked slimy.Another thing that I wish I could have done was ride one of the camels, but my dumb ass wore a dress, so this wasn't about to happen. The biggest let down of the day was the fact that one of the exhibits was under some psycho construction, so there were baco's and dump trucks and other various tractors making copious amounts of obnoxious noise. Needless to say the safari trail was anything but tranquil.. I felt really bad for the chimps that had to sit next to that shit all day too. Not cool.. wait till you close and move those babies.I dunno, maybe its just the concept of tropical animals residing in the desert that is strange to me, but its just not that awesome here. I felt bad for them, and I don't think its just because I am a hippie. Also, I'm not sure if its always as crowded as it was or if every pre-school in Arizona was taking a field trip here that day but it was so loud, there were strollers everywhere, I almost fell on about 12 kids, got tripped by about 54 of them, but nonetheless, it was funny and seeing how excited they got at the sight of the animals made it a little bit more magical, even though this zoo kinda blows.
4	You can ride your bike! Yes, that right - take your bike with you - it's awesome.
3	8am, Sunday July 4th, AZ heat is rolling in already.  You will own the zoo to yourself if you go with all these factors , but if you want to claim seeing any large animals during summer, you might want to try your luck at the 7am opening.  We walked directly twds the tiger enclosure per the ticket window employee's suggestion, but they already were in hiding.We were debating bringing bikes... in hindsight, it's sooo warm and early, there were no crowds, I would recommend your bikes so you can move quickly (or return quickly back later) to see if you can catch an animal sighting before they hide away to snooze when it gets too warm.
4	I hold many fond memories of the Phoenix Zoo. We've been a zoo member family for a long time. My first homecoming dance in high school was held in the gorgeous ballroom here. I remember back in the day coming and watching Ruby the elephant paint.My favorite thing about this zoo is that it's non-profit. I've heard rumors that they don't treat their animals very well which breaks my heart but honestly the animals here seem a lot happier than animals I've seen at other zoos. Zoolights is always a fun family event too. We look forward to it every year.
3	Perhaps the timing wasn't so good...those animals looked pretty exhausted to me.  A tingle of animal cruelty red flags ran down my spine while cruising this place in about 110 degrees of hotness.  Most of them were asleep in whatever sliver of shade they managed to squeeze under while the ones who had any type of pond/water...were in/near the water.  Definitely not as cool as the San Diego Zoo, which pretty much set the bar for my standards of a decent zoo.+ Wealth of ice cream & frozen lemonades for the tourists- Animals could use some air conditioning...
4	A very enjoyable zoo.  I recommend taking someone that is mentally deficient.
4	I always enjoy a good trip to the zoo! I took a few days off work because my aunt was in town and she had never been to the PHX zoo! My sister is a member and had an extra pass so that was cool, but to avoid paying all together we swooped by a library on the way to the zoo and picked up one of those FREE cultural passes so we all got in for free. We arrived just after 10 and it was already in the high 90's. SO HOT. The zoo was pretty vacant as it was hot as all get out and it was a Monday. We got to see all of the animals though some were sleeping in the shade, but who could blame them. My one complaint is that NONE of the little stands along the paths were open to buy bottled water or frozen treats. Sure there were vending machines but we had to walk all the way back to the front to grab waters. The little water park areas along the way are rad. We stopped and my niece played in the water for a good 30 minutes and got cooled down. Also my favorite part is Monkey Village! You get to actually go in and hang out with the monkeys! They were being so crazy and jumping over our heads and even got down on the ground and were just meer feet away! Such a great time! For sure go when it gets cooler but be prepared to fight the crowds.
4	Had a great time at the zoo :) Pluses: You can cover the entire zoo in 4 hours with lunch included. They have animal experiences: we fed the giraffes ($4 pp) & rode a camel ($5 pp). The grounds themselves are very nice, lots of shade. Lots of photo ops. Lots of kid focused activities: farm area, water fun area. You can bring food into the zoo. Cons: The food in the zoo is expensive The animal experiences are short (very). I spent $18 for approx 10 minutes with the giraffe encounter & the camel ride combined. There aren't very many animals (some are actually put away when it's hot,,, and we live in a desert, lol). The park doesn't open in the early morning or late evenings, when it would be more comfortable to be out during the summer time. All in all, I'd go back! It's an interesting way to spend the day & there's a special kind of bonding that takes place when you are seeing & learning about animals from all over the world. You make memories that will last a lifetime & that's priceless ;)
2	Well laid out zoo.Space good for animals...More for kids than adults. Zoo had limited number of animals...who were bored,listless,hiding mostly. Water ponds for animals were stagnant with algae! All in all Not a great experience. They are going to expand it seems...but they should pay more attention to the  animals they have .  Celtcharm
2	The PHX zoo is a great place to take your kids to look at large, charismatic megafauna.  However, if you are like me, you go to the zoo to try and learn something about the natural history and ecology of the animals on display.  There is very little of this, the farthest that the signage goes is to tell you the continent and maybe, if you are lucky, the country where the animal lives. The zoo is also mammal heavy. Don't get me wrong, I love a good mammal display, but I also like to see a nice collection of amphibians and reptiles.  If that is what you like to see, the PHX zoo is not the place for you.  They do have a small collection of southwestern rattlesnake and some common pet amphibians, but that is it for the herps...  They also have a komodo dragon that is pretty large but overall, they lack the fish, amphibians, and reptiles.  Also, where is the insect collections? Maybe I missed it.The animals do have very large enclosures, but some look under kept.  Also, there is one aviary that is very cool and has some very pretty bird species.  They have red eared sliders hanging out in the ponds on the grounds that are probably the reason sliders are in natural waterways now...  a shame...Overall, I was pretty disappointed in the PHX zoo, the admission was pricey, and the breadth of animals small.
5	From late October to end of April, no better place to enjoy spending some quality time with children plus you get valuable exercise.
4	Spent an amazing afternoon at the Phoenix zoo.   The weather was perfect and it wasn't overly crowded.   The animals musta missed the memo announcing our arrival as most were sleeping but they were at least sleeping out where you could see them.  Extras are a bit pricey but overall it was a great way to spend the afternoon outside, enjoying the wonderful fall weather.
4	Having lived in AZ for almost 2 years now, I finally made it over here to visit the zoo.  I have been to others, including many visits to the wonderful one Los Angeles, so that is my background for the review.I think Phoenix Zoo here is more fun than the one in San Diego, & holds its own well against the one in L.A.  One thing I did miss here on this hot day today was that over there I can have a nice big cup of beer or two along with my zoo visit, & I didn't see that here, but with that said, it's a really fun place, & there's a lot to see as long as you make notes on the map they give you.  You need to keep track of what you've seen & what you haven't, because the paths here zig zag & cross each other all over the place!I especially liked the lush landscaping here, but I do have one complaint about the Phoenix Zoo...  the sky high pricing!  Here's a comparison with L.A.:General Admission $18 (L.A. $14)Tram Ride $6 (L.A. free)Senior Admission $18 (L.A. $11)Suppose your parents, age 62, want to come to the zoo & ride the tram.  It will cost them $48, whereas in L.A. it would cost them $22!  That's more than twice as much, & the animals over there eat just as much as the ones here do!Minus one star for an otherwise great zoo here.     :-))
3	I'm reviewing the PHX Zoo only because it's that time of year again...  Time for ZOOLIGHTS!!!!  Zoolights is Awesome!  I don't know how they put it together, but I'm a total Holiday cheeseball, and I love Christmas lights and all the beautiful decorations.  So I look forward to this event every year.  It's always very well done.  Selfishly, I don't appreciate all of the whining kids and the hundreds of strollers being rammed into my ankles.  However, I do understand that other people are entitled to the same enjoyment as I.  And this is considered to be a family event, so there is no hope of escaping the crying children here.I didn't give this 5 stars because I only enjoy this place during the holidays.  As much as I love animals (they are my life)...  I've never seen animals more sad and depressed than the ones here at the PHX Zoo.  PHX is too hot in the summer to have these animals exposed to the outdoor elements here.
5	What a nice place! The zoo is well organized and there is lots to do.  My 17-month-old and the whole fam had a great time.   From the Harmony Farm to the Petting Zoo to loads of animals who were awake and ready to mingle it was a great day.I loved that there are camel rides. Even though we couldn't take advantage of them as you have to be at least 2 yrs old I still like the idea.  Usually it's the same pony ride so camels were quite different.  The gift shop had lots of cute stuff and we even bought the pictures that the staff took of us upon entrance.  The train is not much of one as it's really a bus (I looked for the train tracks for a while on a map until I realized it's not an actual train).  Easy parking and great map to get around inside.  Highly recommended.
4	Lions and Tigers and Bears...ok maybe not bears, but lions and tigers and elephants and camels...the list could go on to describe the Phoenix Zoo! I've been visiting the Phoenix Zoo since I was a kid. It has everything a zoo should offer which is plenty of animals that you can actually see. It's true to the desert environment and there are plenty of family activities including the option to ride bikes, ride a camel, visit a petting zoo and even have a party. The Zoo also does several events throughout the year such as Zoo Lights, Zoo Brew (new name but I'm blanking) and plenty of other. So true to a zoo, this is a great option for a family-fun weekend or a date. I've purchased a zoo membership for my sister, her husband and son before and at only $75, it was a great gift...and a tax write off since the Zoo is a non-profit!
4	Love ZooLights! We go every year. Wouldn't miss it for the world.
1	Well I'm an Phoenician born AZ native so I've frequented the Phoenix Zoo many, many times throughout my life but after the trip today I don't think I'll be going back. It was so very sad to see so many tired looking, bored out their gourd, animals (they looked elderly) subjected to equally tired old surroundings. Many of the animal facilities were closed barring viewing of the animals at all. Display plaques educating the touring viewer were damaged. Often, audio push-button materials were broken. Staff and caretakers seemed to have no charisma or enthusiasm. Everything and everyone seemed quite jaded. The entire facility seemed to seethe of ways to further separate the visiting guest from the contents of his/her wallet with countless inflationary concession stands, gift shop memorabilia, carnival type rides. They were sickeningly blatant and expensive. The up side? It was a beautiful day with plentiful sunshine and little to no discernable air pollution. From now on I think I'll go to the zoo off Northern Ave. Though I understand it is much more expensive for admission, I just can't justify patronizing the Phoenix Zoo in its current state.
4	The zoo is really nice and the staff are very friendly!
4	Bighorn sheep and sanctuary are the most impressive exhibits !  Great use of natural landscape.   The operation oryx is a insipring history for the Phoenix zoo.  The other animal displays were quite normal and mundane.
5	I am not a huge fan of zoos but they have done a good job in keeping a friendly environment for both parties (the animals, and the human animals) :)...
5	In town visiting and went to Zoo Lights for Christmas. Wonderful!!! The syncronized lights and music were great and we actually saw some of the critters awake. Sorry we didn't get to see the zoo during the day.
3	Nice typical zoo with all the usual animals with a few surprises and exceptions.The "reptile house" was a joke.  The prairie dogs...dayum...they're obese!  The different themes throughout the zoo were cool.  And similar to the Toronto zoo, there are peacocks roaming freely and rabbits and quails too.  Oh my!I thought it was odd that none of the "restaurants" at the zoo had any indoor dining rooms. In addition, with one person in a wheelchair in our party, we thought it was ridiculous that the zoo wanted $35 for an electric wheelchair rental!!!  Are we renting a golf cart here?Other than the ridiculousness ,it was a nice big zoo to spend the day.
4	Our family loves the Phoenix Zoo/  We've been to many other zoos and we're still a big fan of our local Zoo.  Zoo lights is breath-taking and the other events they have are loads of fun as well.They have decent food as well.  The sweet potato fries are delicious and the combo meals, though pricey, are a good value.  And they have refillable cups!  Great investment for the annual member.The Children's zoo area is great.  Plenty of interactive play things and animals.  I just wish they could do something about the bee problem...  otherwise they'd be receiving a 5-star from me.
4	$18 adult admission...obtain a coupon if possible.  though expensive, it was still a very nice, large zoo!  lots to see n do, and surprisingly busy for a Tuesday afternoon.  "free parking" doesn't much feel like it when they ding you for admission...ouch, wish it were more reasonable!
4	My family and I love the Phoenix Zoo! Yes its hot and yes its a lot of walking but it is still fun to go to! Did you know that you can take your bike or Rollerblades and ride or sk8 all over the zoo. Its a fun way to see all the animals and its great exercises. The Orangutan sanctuary will be open very soon and that is going to be something to see! You can also pet stingrays and feed them in their open habitat. There is also a petting zoo on the west side of the facility. It is full of goats and the kids love to look at all of the collars to find out the wacky and fun names the workers have given them. The food is eh, but you can bring your own food and have a picnic right on the grass in front of the giraffes or at one of the many picnic areas around the park. They do have pretty good snacks and dessert type food at the food stands, which are everywhere! All in all this is a great place to come relax or go exploring and have a great family outing or a 1st date! Give it a try!
5	My family and I very much enjoy the Phoenix Zoo. My children are all teenagers. We have maintained a membership for several years now and go 6 to 10 times a year. Zoolights is also one of our favorite holiday evenings. The young ones (and us oldies) also enjoy the splash pad to co off in the summer.My husband and I plan ti rent one of the bikes soon with a picnic lunch at the lake there.We also recommend ending your day at Papago Park watching the sun set from Hole-in-the Rock.
4	Fairly large sized zoo tucked in Phoenix, AZ with a $15 ticket price for students that have an ID card ($18 for adults).. In my mind, nothing compares to the San Diego zoo but the Phoenix zoo definitely put that to the test! They have a large variety of animals here that I haven't seen or heard of before and that's always fun because I'm tired of staring at elephants, zebras, and giraffes.. They have a tram that you can ride around the park for a fee, as well as a stingray bay, and food court.. This zoo can definitely be completed within an hour or so but it will tire you out because things are kind of spread apart.. I was disappointed to find that many exhibits were unavailable for viewing during my visit but it was still a good experience.. Luckily most of the animals were within view when I was there and you could even see the ones that were asleep! If you're a fan of zoos like I am then I would recommend making the effort to come visit this place..
4	Me and my wife have a membership to the zoo - and well - would totally recommend it to everyone.  we use it all the time - heck i would go every week if she would let me.  there is just something about sitting at the zoo - in the weather - with the people  - enjoying the day.not all animals look happy there, or comfortable for that matter, but some really do look like they are oblivious that they are at the zoo.it is a huge zoo - it would take most the day to see all of it.  it is so relaxing to just go for a coulpe of hours and then leave.we have been where we didn't see anyone for 20 minutes, and on the busiest day and never felt that there were crowd problems.the zoo does does seem to do too much to just want your money - you pay a good fee to get in and then there are places everywhere to take more money from you - opportunity cost eh.my current favoirtes are the big horn sheep up in the corner - and just sitting and watching the movement at the savana.  it is like my crack.some people sit by the pool and relax - i site by the savana and relax
5	So my friend from school and I decided randomly this past week that we wanted to go to the zoo, so we hopped into his Mercedes and made the little trip. Considering it was Saturday, it was extremely busy and we had to park in the area where the school busses normally park, which isn't a big deal, but it is a tid bit of a walk. We had passes, so we scooted our way past the entire line (which is pretty sweet, because you don't have to wait in line by all of the kids who are screaming and yelling because they're not getting to see the animals yet). The zoo isn't too huge, but we spent a good hour and a half there looking at all of the animals. My favorite exhibit is the giraffe one, and it is extremely cool that you can do the "Giraffe Encounter" where you get to get up close and personal with them. The food and the drinks are overpriced... I mean, seriously? $3.79 for a sno-cone? However, I don't blame you, Phoenix Zoo, all businesses pertaining to amusement tend to jack their prices up 500%.Zoolights is really awesome. If you get the chance to go during the holidays, make sure you do it. It is absolutely beautiful and it is a lot of fun to go with friends or family!
1	OK-so we went to the zoo this past saturday and just our luck it was "the busiest day of the year so far" according to one of the workers.  We had a wonderful time until we got to the paddle boat area and had a horrible customer service experience with an employee named Zach.  We tooled around in the paddle boat for our 20 minute ride and upon leaving went to pick up our $5 deposit.  As we approached the desk Zach raised his voice and said "you will not be receiving your deposit back because you broke the rules and let your daughter sit in an area that is off limits on the boat." We had no idea what this kid was talking about.  He again raised his voice and people started to stare...he said "you signed a contract that said she wasn't allowed to sit in the middle of the boat.  You made a decision to break their rules and therefore have lost your deposit."  WOW.  All I can say is if this is such a dire safety issue, why not tell people when they get in the boat?  So ridiculous and quite the scam to keep our $5.  They even had devised a "hand signal" so the person at the cash register would know not to give our money to us.  The most curious thing to us was why didn't they just tell us to have her move over while we were in the boat?  They never mentioned it to us.  It seriously ruined our trip.  Zach, you really take your job way too seriously dude.  Oh, and I stopped payment on my debit card-take that!
2	I enjoyed walking around on a quiet afternoon.  I was disappointed because we couldn't see many of the animals that we were hoping to see.  The habitats were built in such a way that kept animals hidden from the visitors.  I felt like we were out in the wild trying to spot the animals.  Some of the habitats for the animals aren't that large, so I felt bad for the animals, like the cheetah.   I think the PHX Zoo has some work to do to make the place a little more visitor friendly.  Maybe they should visit the Bronx Zoo, the most amazing zoo on the planet to get some ideas.  Despite my negative feedback, I was impressed that you could get up close and personal witht the giraffes.  I've never seen anything like that before.
4	Coming from a much smaller area (Peoria, IL) I was shocked at the size of the Phoenix zoo.  It is HUGE!!  I thought most of the walking paths were very nice...some were no more than dirt trails and it would be nice if those ended up paved eventually.  It was nice that there were concession stands scattered throughout in case you were thirsty in the middle of the zoo.  It was also very nice that a good portion of the zoo seemed to be shaded which would be nice on a day with a very hot sun.  It was a bit disappointing that many of the description boards that talk were out of service.  It was also disappointing that some of the animals were hard to find though you will find that at any zoo.  I would definitely recommend a trip to the zoo especially if you have children.
4	The zoo is amazing and has something for everyone.  I love all the paths and trails.  The only drawbacks for me were the mass of strollers everywhere and the gross bathrooms.  I know you need to cart your kids around, but it seems like the strollers take over some of the exhibits.
5	Only zoo I've been too so may be a bit biased in my rating... BUT I do know that I get everything I want from this zoo so I've never seeked out a different zoo. :)Last time my son and I went, one of the zookeepers was out answering questions about the tortoises. It was really cool, my son enjoyed it. She was really knowledgeable and friendly. The staff has always been great every time we have gone here.
5	I've loved nearly every zoo I've been to in my life (which is basically limited to the Oregon Zoo in Portland and Zoo Boise), but the Phoenix Zoo is easily the most kid-friendly. We really enjoy it here. If you've got a kid over one year old, I strongly suggest getting a membership. It'll keep you busy in spring and autumn.
4	We love this zoo so much that we just purchased a membership.  It has everything one could want - it has a nice layout and plenty of items to keep the kids entertained.  From the jungle themed splash pad to the Children's Park and Petting Zoo.  We like to go early and that is when most of the animals are out and active.  The AZ heat can get pretty unbearable in the afternoon so plan to go early and bring plenty of water.  You can also bring your bikes and ride through the park for a fun and energizing trip.
3	I enjoyed my one and only visit to this zoo during the evening christmas lights event they have every year. some animals were still out and the light show is a great family event.
5	This zoo just keeps getting better, and better. I've been to this zoo almost every other year since I was 4 years old. I'm 23 now.I'm planning another "back to Arizona" trip, since I moved away from AZ for about 5 years, and missed AZ so much that I just HAD to come back. I went to the Kansas Zoo, and wow, was it HORRIBLE! There was next to nothing compared to the Phoenix Zoo. I remember going and hearing people say how Amazing it was, then after actually going to it, it made me miss and appreciate the Phoenix Zoo even more. This place is huge, and has a really cute lay out. I don't know why so many people said it was a bad lay out, or not a good zoo. Everytime I've went, the animals were out and about. We even saw bear cubs wrestling with each other while the mother/father watched. A white bird kept saying "hello pretty" to me, and "no!" to my brother, hahaha.  They now have the up close giraffe exhibit, as someone else mentioned. They never had that when I was growing up, so I'm really excited to go and see how that is.I give this zoo a 5/5 stars, because I've never once had a problem. For the people complaining about strollers, I completely agree but it's expected when people have so many kids now a days :( Makes it sort of hard for the ones that don't have kids to enjoy stuff when you have 5 kids and 3 strollers in front of you, or on your toes. The gift shops are great! Sure, they may be a tad overpriced, but when are gift shops not over priced? Exactly.Don't forget zoo lights. I don't know of any other Zoo's that have it, but if you have a zoo with zoo lights, consider yourself lucky, and go to one immediately . If you don't have one, come to the Phoenix Zoo around Christmas time, and see the zoo lights. It's so pretty, and puts you in such a great Christmas mood. It definitely brings out the Christmas now a days, since most people don't seem to decorate or celebrate it as much, anymore =(
2	I was fairly disappointed with this zoo. Signage was unclear. Many of the exhibits were on loan. The petting zoo consisted of a large pen of goats.
4	Love this zoo! We come here for Zoo Lights, my kids attend zoo camp and we visit for fun family outings. The new orangutang and komodo dragon exhibits are tremendous and the monkey exhibit and giraffe station are a blast as well. The splash pads and water cave are great ways to cool off after walking around in the Arizona Sun.One word of advice though, bring your own food and drinks as prices at the Zoo concession stands are fairly ridiculous, $6 for a hot dog? I don't think so!Overall though, the Phoenix Zoo is great family fun and one of my favorite spots in the Valley.
5	it's a great adventure when they have free admission days sponsored by qwest.a membership might be a great deal for those that like to exercise but like interesting views.
4	We were here on summer vacation. had a great time checking out all the animals. The only bad thing was how hot it gets. Wanted to see the ferret exhibit they promoted and it was closed. Other than that, everything else was great.
4	As far as zoos go this one is very good.  Having worked at a zoo in the past I can say that the board of directors at Phoenix Zoo must be very progressive.  The zoo is very focused on it's main target audience: kids.  The displays are well done to allow small ones excellent views of the animals.  A couple good examples are the Komodo Dragon exhibit and the new Orangutan exhibit.  The open monkey exhibit is wonderful too.  So much effort has gone into developing interactive and exciting ways to see the animals here.  They put a lot of effort into showing animals together, the big savanna exhibit is well done with many animals allowed to free roam the large area.  It is a big departure from some of the more urban zoos and they have tried very hard to move away from the traditional concrete boxes that are more often seen in many of the older zoos.  One disadvantage of this is that the animals have places to hide and sometimes are not in view.   While this might suck a little for the humans, it is something that lends the animals a respite from the stresses of being in captivity even if just a little.  One workaround is to come early, this also keeps one from dissolving into a puddle of heated goo as the temperatures climb (if you're coming in summer).  We fixed this problem by getting a membership and coming during the member hour in the morning when we can.  The animals are more active and so are we.  I have had many wonderful conversations with keepers and docents alike here, we plan on keeping a membership for quite some time to support this wonderful zoo.
4	I have been lucky enough to visit some amazing zoos in my life.  That being said, the Phoenix Zoo did not disappoint!  Make sure you wear your walking shoes; the open concept layout lends itself to long, meandering strolls through the exhibits.  The place is huge!  I also found this zoo, more so than any other, to be very child oriented.  There are splash pads, paddle boats, a carousel, petting zoo, a hands-on stingray exhibit....the list goes on.  The animal enclosures, or lack-thereof, are a refreshing change to those seen in many older zoos.  The exhibits are expansive and the animals seem happy and well cared for.  If you have kids, this is an absolute must see in Phoenix. If you don't have kids yet...get busy.  You need a good excuse to hit this spot more often!
4	I really enjoyed the Phoenix Zoo. My only real complaint is really just a whine.. I wish they could make an indoor zoo! In a place like Phoenix they really need one.The zoo is set up great although it is a little confusing. They have cool things to do like feeding Giraffes and running through a cave like thing that sprays water on you (primarily made for little kids, but that never stops me).I really admire how well they take care of their animals. I had the amazing opportunity to get an up close look at the Elephants (an absolutely amazing experience), and they really take pride in what they do.The best thing about zoos is that you don't just have to be a little kid to go, I know I will enjoy going to the Zoo until I am old and gray.The Phoenix Zoo is a great choice... preferably not during the summer.
4	What a lovely little zoo!  My 4.5 year old showed me around on my first visit this weekend.  Lots of cute things to do and see...including booth games, exhibits, and photo ops with the kids.  I really liked the time spent here, and recommend comfortable shoes and a hat to protect you from the summer heat.One of the most amazing sights was these 4 absolutely HUGE turkeys.  I am just wondering if they will still be around at the end of November!  Gobble, gobble, gobble!
3	Decent zoo, but not what you'd expect in a city this size.  Agree with previous comments that more indoor attractions would be desirable in this baking climate.  Only tip is to get there early!
1	My husband and I visit the zoo in every city we end up in, so Phoenix was no exception. After reading some lovely reviews online, we were excited to come to this zoo with our hopes high. Upon entering, there were very few sign pointing to anything to see, the map didn't even help half the time. They apparently allow bicycles in he zoo, too?! What a horrible idea! Many of the exhibits were being maintained or he animals wee simply not there. The employees were racing around in their vehicles all day with little care for the visitors scurrying to not be hit. They had so many events planned for the day that the employees were over worked! At 10 after 4 employees were driving around asking everyoneto leave asap as there was a wedding scheduled for the evening. After paying $18 per person for this less than good zoo, we didn't rush out. What a waste of time! Save your $18 for something better!
4	Spent the day at the zoo with my niece and nephew. We took advantage of a google offer for $6.00 instead of the 18.00 usual price.First of all this place is HUGE - and they have a lot of exhibits. Kids will love the place, but some words of warning.1) wear REALLY comfortable shoes.2) if you buy a general admission ticket, be prepared to shell out $2 - $5 for additional attractions such as Camel rides, Giraffe Feeding, Paddle Boats, Safari Train, Sting Ray Touch Pool etc.  (might be a good idea to buy one of the package deals)3) Certain attractions are seasonal, so check the schedule. There is a water play area only open in summer.4) The petting zoo closes at 3:45pm so take kids to see this before you do the other exhibits.5) If you have stroller age kids - you can bring a stroller or rent one, its a good idea because there is a ton of walking and kids WILL poop out  before you get back to the zoo entrance at the end of the day. They have 2 seater strollers too.Some great features to note:1) Yes, we take credit cards! They have them everywhere - even on vending machines. Awesome for me because I hate carrying cash.2) Bring in what you want and need. This is a great rule for families. Bring your own coolers, food, wagons, bikes, etc. Food is pricey (but you are supporting the zoo, so that makes sense) but you can bring your own goodies for kids and they have plenty of places to picnic.3) There are lots of cool little photo op spots and playground areas for small kids.4) Lots of free parking... PLAN THE WHOLE DAY FROM OPENING TO CLOSING IF YOU WANT TO SEE EVERYTHING... We arrived at noon and stayed to closing, about 5 hours total and we still didn't get to see everything...I believe the zoo has made a lot of improvements to animal care and additional funding has helped quite a lot.  All the animals we saw were in good heath and well taken care of.
5	my wife and i went for the Scottsdale healthcare employee appreciation night of Zoolights. i love, love, love zoolights. the zoo puts on a phenomenal experience for this event. just when you think "that's it", there are more and more lights. if there weren't so many damn kids and strollers around, it could be even romantic!great job Phoenix Zoo and Zoolights. see you next year (or if the family ever comes to visit, then maybe sooner).
4	Went to the pre-opening of Zoo Lights for my sisters company party and I must say I was pleasantly surprised. I've been to this zoo many times during the day but Zoo Lights opens up a whole new experience. Obviously, because it's dark you can barely see any animals but the lights are the main attraction at night anyways. The displays were very neat and plentiful. There was even a synchronized music & light show that opened and closed with realistic thunder sounds. There was a huge slide kids can play on as well as carousel. Some of the food places were still open so you can snack while checking out the light displays. The entire zoo was literally covered in lights. This is a great event for kids and some places of it were romantic as well.
4	Zoo Lights were a blast. Brought a wagon and hot coco for the kids, good time were had by all. Relaxing walk. Bring own food and drinks.
4	Three keys for adults to enjoy this particular zoo. 1. Arrive as early as possible - it's cooler, less crowded and the animals are more active.  2. Buy a membership - members may enter an hour prior to opening, when it's more 'cooler', more 'less crowded' and animals are more 'more active'.  The $45 package incl two guest admissions, complimentary Zoolights tix and a couple ride freebies in addtn to unlimited zoo admission.  Now I pop in for a jog or power walk at 7 or 8am, once a month or so, and feel like I really get my money's worth.  3. It helps if you like to quietly observe animals.  Sounds obvious, but there's no SeaWorldesque shows or truly iconic draws banging you over the head here, like Shamu, polar bears or giant pandas.  But there IS a blase anteater coexisting with a red wolf. A gymnastic young orangutan. Playful otters and all the cool cats. Baboons. Javalina and a 700 lb tortoise.  Bighorn sheep loping impossibly along slippery buttes.  Zebras that look like paintings, posing with giant Maribou storks. Plenty to see, if animals interest you.  Arrive early, avoid summer.
5	It's Christmas time and ZooLights at the Phoenix Zoo is not to be missed. With over 35000 lights, this place is a beautiful spot for people of all ages. Additionally, they did a wonderful job of hosting a 250 person dinner which they handles without a hitch!Thank you to the Phoenix Zoo!
4	Zoo. Lights. 4. Ever.
4	I just got a yearly pass so obviously we are fans.  The down side is that not all the informational boxes for the animals are not all functional so that's a bummer.  Otherwise is a clean, well maintained zoo that the kids really enjoy.
5	Review for Zoolights only (although we go a few times year round as well).The Zoolights event was fantastic this year, loved some of the new things this season and it seemed somewhat better organized.  Always a lot of complaining about traffic, but to me it is no worse than leaving a sporting event.   Going on a weekday night, particularly the day or two AFTER Christmas seems to thin it out quite a bit from when I have gone in years past.The biggest tip to give is to buy your tickets online and print at home.  When we left last night at about 8:45pm there was a HUGE line still waiting to buy tickets and go in.  I've pre-bought every year and never had to wait in any line.Great job Phoenix Zoo!
5	What is not to love about the Phoenix Zoo! Everything here is so much fun.             You can walk around the Zoo or ride bikes. They have boats that you can rent and go all over the Zoo grounds.  Every type of animal is here.                                                         You can get a good look at all of them.  They do have food everywhere, and a really nice gift shop.  The best part i think is the stingray bay, You can pet the stingrays and the sharks.  You can even feed them.                     If you buy a membership, you can go any day, all day,come and go as you please. Lots of parking in the lot.   There are lots of fun events all year long. Love the Zoo.
4	We are Zoo members... the Phx zoo may not be the largest or most diverse but they do a nice job. Zoolights was good but the center piece with the dancing lights was is a bad spot as they did not allow people to be across the water with a centered and unobstructed view - they blocked it off and the other angles had tons of trees blocking the view so much of the show could not be seen. Poor form Zoo officials... guess no one was smart enough to check if people could actually view it properly. You just wasted a bunch of time doing something very cool that people could not really get the impact of.
1	I'm kind of shocked.  I'm an Arizona-born-native and I've been to the Zoo and the Zoolights over SEVERAL decades.  I've been bored out of my skull every time.  As an adult, I've attended these events with the youngsters because they somehow believe it's cool.  If you're looking to score husband-points, then, by all means, drag everyone there.  Your feet and legs will be sore from all the walking they make you do.  If you're looking for enjoyment, DO NOT BOTHER.  The sneaky and insidious problem is that this place is EXTREMELY expensive, and pretends that they are providing a service to the community.  Let me explain---  they truly believe that they are a worth-while value for every family dollar you're spending.  Yet, don't believe a salesman--- they wiil bend the truth every time, and smile at you while they take your dollar.  And now, on the the Big Three:1)  Price:  This is the absolute worst problem with this seemingly, family-friendly place.  I mean, who would think that a City Zoo would be trying to scalp you for cash?  Let me give you an example of a small family of 4... this can EASILY turn into a $100 day.  For a 6-8 person group of working-class families, this can easily reach over $150, and outside of a $50,000/yr income household.  If your kids bring friends, it will be even more.  You'll hear cashiers say that "their Zoo" is worthy of their out-of-reach-for-the-common-man pricing.  Their answer is simply rhetoric, because, when pressed, they won't be able to explain why the price is this high for a family.  The bottom line is that, their prices are so incredibly high, that Joe-average, and his family, cannot afford to visit this local zoo without budgeting for it over a couple of months.  Maybe we should've left our fixed-income Grandma and Grandpa at home, although that didn't seem right. 2)  Service:  Everyone we met was attentive and receptive.  They seemed to genuinely want you to have a good time.  3)  Taste:  Everything we tried was tasty, although it was hard to enjoy because everything is 3 times the price that it should be.  In Summation:  I'm not sure why this place is recommended by any kind of governmental body, as to why this is a benefit to the State of Arizona, unless they are making some kind of profit from it.  NO, WAIT, ---- they tax every transaction within the Zoo's control.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------Skip this next portion if you're married with kids.  This section is addressed to some Weinee that complained about my comments where I said the $18 entrance fee was too high...      -----Since you're single, probably going double-dutch, it's no wonder why you'll be shocked by what I've said, because, "...dude, it's only $18....".  That's when everyone else knows that you are alone and have no family responsibilities.  While I might envy your ease-of-movement-as-a-single-guy, please gauge your speculation on the # of your children and the # of your extended family.  For example:  5 kids, plus their total of 11 friends, plus 3 grandparents, for tickets to get in.  Include food/drink while you're there, and I don't even have a big family.  At those rates, I'm sure you'll agree, that this place is monetarily ANTI-FAMILY and prohibitively EXPENSIVE.  No, wait....  LET'S GO EVERY WEEKEND, BECAUSE I'M SINGLE ON A DOUBLE-DUTCH DATE!!!  Way to go, Commenter Weinee.-----
4	I came here for Zoolights and it was really cool.  My local zoo doesn't have anything like it so it was really interesting and impressive.  I didn't really get to see any real animals except for zebras who were feeding right up against the edge of their pen.  I would really love to come here during the day to see the full zoo experience.
3	I came here for Zoo Lights for the first time last week. Since everyone I knew who's been in the past already said it's such a waste of time and money, I had low expectations. I was pleasantly surprised! It was very beautiful - the lights made into different animals was impressive.  Pros: A nice date night or stroll around the zoo if you are looking for something chill to do. Certain areas have light shows. Not sure if they actually have a schedule, but I happened to be at 2 at the right time, so that was cool. I liked the area right past the stingray bay exhibition. Cons: It is a little pricey, so not sure if I would come ever year or more than once a year. The whole zoo isn't open to explore, only certain sections. They also have activities like the slide, but it's $3/ride!!! A bit steep for a 10 second ride. If you've never been, I would say go at least once. Or take little ones who can help you appreciate the simplicity of nature decorated in pretty lights. They're kettle corn is good! And if you have SRP, look out for the inserts. They have a coupon for buy 1 get 1 free admission!
5	I went there with my wife when we first moved here from Chicago . it is a great zoo.big enough to have a lot going on and small enough and it will not take you all day to see everything,  i liked that you could get up close with some of the animals. you can feed a giraffe, ride a camel, just  get real close to a lot of the animals. i totally suggest this place for couples and fa miles.
5	This zoo is great!  We have brought our two year old son here several times and he loves it!  They have a lot to see and do.  It is great idea to but an annual pass.
4	Just so people know... you can get 2 free passes to the Phoenix Zoo at all the Library locations in Scottsdale (I'm not sure about other library locations). Get there early, like before it opens as a lot of people try to get these passes. You can check online for when they will be available. As for the Zoo, it's a fun place to visit. I love the monkey exhibit and the orangutans and what's really fun is that this is one of the only Zoos in the country that allows you to bring your bike to get around. It makes it easier to see all the animals if you are on a schedule or if it's very hot out (like it often is in AZ). Definitely recommended especially since you can easily get free passes. For visitors to AZ, it's still worth the 18 bucks.
3	I am not fan of zoo's in general, but that being said I would still say this zoo is just average.   The animals don't seem to come out where you can really see them much. It is nice that you can bring your own food and eat in the of the picnic areas, but for parents with toddlers I would suggest the Children's Museum since your kids can get out run around and play vs being stuck in a stroller trying to catch a glimse at an animal.
5	I had a great time at the Phoenix Zoo this past weekend. I'm originally from the Pacific Northwest, which has good zoos full of cold weather animals. The Phoenix Zoo is full of hot weather animals (makes sense), but it really nicely laid out and has a ton to do. We had free passes that day, so we skipped the line and didn't have to pay, which probably colors my view a bit, but we walked around for 4 hours and saw almost every exhibit and habitat that we could, and thoroughly enjoyed it.The Lions and the Rhino were amazing...The Jaguar was beautiful, and just paced around his area, like he was stalking prey. There is a cool baboon exhibit, and so many other animals that you can see, from Bighorn Rams to the Komodo Dragon. The coolest area is this wide open space with the giraffes, and it also has longhorns and ostriches. It's a huge space, and you can really see the animals run around be more natural. The elephant and turtles are pretty cool too. In other news, I had a kindred spirit moment at the otter habitat. True story:I've always felt like my spirit animal is an otter (yeah, I said it), and when I went to see the otters, there was one outside laying on a log. After I'd been standing there a minute, he perked up, looked back at me and walked away into his little house thing. A few seconds later, TWO otters came out of the rocks and they came outside and swam around, ultimately ending up at a patch of grass right in front of the railing I was looking over, and both were staring at me. The guy next to me said "wow, I've never seen them do this. I've been coming here regularly for more than a year and they always just hang out on the log". I wasn't the only one that noticed the fact that the otters were clearly excited that I was there...Definitely one of my top animal/human moments so far in my life.After the otter experience it was bound to be a 5 star day, but I also got to ride a camel...Yes, I rode a camel.In short, the Phoenix Zoo is great. I've lived her almost two years and had never been. If you've yet to go, do it soon, and say hi to the otters for me.
5	Such a nice & fun zoo. The kids lived it!!!
2	I must protest the rave reviews on here. The worst thing about this zoo is the price. In this depression (yes, with a small d), why does $18 per adult make sense? I know you can get free tickets at the library, but have any of you ever actually tried to get tickets at the library? They're always out. This zoo nickel and dimes your pocket. If you want to pet the sting rays (who wants to pet a sting ray?), the giraffes, if you require water or a wheelchair, they're ready with their sticky fingers. I feel sorry for the people who paid to feed the giraffes because I watched as they were hounded with instructions on what to do, where and how to do it and what not to do. It really stifles the enjoyment of feeding the giraffes. Wonder how the giraffes feel. I watched as a lady complained in front of a large crowd of people about the giraffe feeding price and the lady taking cash answered matter-of-factly that it's a non-profit zoo. This is the phrase they've been taught to say. The woman walked away, likely feeling scorned. A small salad costs $8. A bottle of water is $3. Boat rides are $12 ea. Camel rides are $12. For a Polaroid of the camel ride, it's $5. If you purchase a $75 membership, you can come back throughout the year and receive an overrated discount on feeding the giraffes and the tram ride and the carousel for a grand total of $1-2 a ride! To clarify, I DON'T have kids. Yes, I'm complaining about the cost of TWO adults. The cashier at the entrance is a nasty woman named Eyvonne. She must have needed a Depends change and that would explain her CRAPPY attitude. The rest of the zoo is staffed by high brow teenagers. It's too bad the animal environment doesn't soften their attitude. This is primarily a hot weather zoo. There are no penguins or polar bears here. A lot of cages are empty and you get disappointed. I've been here a few times and have yet to see the coyotes. On the "Desert Trail", they are true to the spirit of the desert, because there's no water fountains on it. That said, I enjoy the World Wildlife Zoo on Olive Ave. much better and would gladly drive from Mesa to Waddell to go there. You'll actually feel like you're at a zoo at WWZ because they have a much wider range of animals.
4	I'm not a big zoo fan, but since I"m new to the area, I figured I'd see what the local zoo looks like. It's not a fairly huge zoo. But definitely has the typical giraffes, lions, and other hippos. There are different children's program available if parents need something to do during the day. During the winter they have a evening show called Zoo Lights that I've heard is really nice. Adult ticket is $18.If you have an ASU or student ID, show it.. they offer discounts!The day I went, they did close at 4pm for some reason so only had about 1.5 to walk around but I suppose that's enough time to see everything.
5	What a great place to take the kids for a fun day!  Camel rides, petting zoo, great play areas.  It's not the San Diego Zoo, but it's not to shabby...
4	Came here for a class project, but was pleasantly surprised.  It's not the largest zoo ever, but it's still a pretty decent size.  Took me about 3.5 hours to walk the whole thing and I'm a pretty fast walker.Pros: got to see lots of animals and learn something new, lots of shade/rest areas, they're also pretty good about keeping the place clean (it could have smelled a lot worse and I'm so glad that it didn't).  There were a few areas that were remodeling or under construction, so it seems like this zoo is pretty good about updating their trails w/ new and exciting things every so often.Cons: price - $18/adult actually isn't all that bad for the experience, but they really do try to nickel and dime you once you're inside, and they taunt you with all snack booths at every corner!  I saw that small items such as a churro or snow cone were well over $3.  They do have quite a few interesting attractions (sting ray aquarium, guided bus tour, boat ride, feed the giraffes, etc.) that are available at extra cost ranging from $3 - $10 a piece.Tips: - Definitely plan to spend at least half a day there to see everything your $18 covers.  Go early so you can find decent parking and avoid the afternoon heat.- Protect yourself from sun damage: sunscreen, hat, sunglasses- Bring and drink plenty of water!- Bring plenty of on-the-go snacks so you don't have to pay for theirs!  - A travel size bottle of hand sanitizer could be useful as well.
4	If you want to go to a great zoo then the Phoenix Zoo is the place to go...right now they  have construction going on, but its still pretty cool.  This is my son's favorite place in the world to go because he loves all animals.  All the animals are pretty visible and they really do have so many animals.  I have been to other zoos and they do not have all the animals we do...they have a splash pad for kids that is awesome!  The petting zoo is pretty cool...just make sure to wash your hands!  They have an area that you can go in and be face to face wth monkeys...my son loves it...they are jumping over your head and are literally right there...but do not try to touch them!  You can pet and feed stingrays...and feed the giraffes.  They have a carousel for kids and camel rides too!  I love to see the otters, giraffes, snakes, rhino, komodo dragons, tiger and mexican wolves (if they are out).  There are so many animals and the layout is so cool...you get a nice little walk in...there are different trails like the Arizona Trail and so on...they have plenty of food but it is expensive so I would bring your own.
5	Tips from a long time fan of the zoo:1. Arrive early.  The zoo opens at 9 during the winter, 8 during summer, members are welcome an hour early, but very few services are available before the actual open. The zoo will sell you a ticket until closing (full price), but by arriving early you beat most crowds, get the best parking, and often see the animals at their friskiest.2. Bring your own. This includes food, drinks (N-A), strollers, wheelchairs, and bikes. Many of these items can be purchased or rented there (not bikes), but at a cost with a built in convenience fee. Having said that, do not bring Seguways, roller blades, Razor type scooters, and definitely do not bring your own pet!3. Discounts are not widely advertised, but ask about them: Senior (60+), Military, Student, AAA, Other Zoo memberships are a few examples.4. Prepare. Bring Sun Screen, hats, etc. 5. Your admission into the zoo allows you to see most everything, but it does not always cover additional things to do, such as: Camel riding, Giraffe feeding, the "Train" tour, etc. It's hard to say no to kids, but set the expectation beforehand about how the trip will go and things will be much easier.6. If you want the full experience, allow at least three hours. It is actually larger in terms of acreage compared to the San Diego Zoo, and your legs will feel it if you see all there is.7. Take advantage of the free stuff. Upon arrival, proceed down to the area where they sell tickets to the various venues and take note of the animal encounters and demonstrations that occur every day, free of charge. If you do not see the sign, ask.8. If you like what you saw and think you will be back, buy the membership. You can use the money you spent on the ticket that day towards a pass that will allow you entry for an entire year. It has to be the same day, but it pays itself back in less than three trips.I'm taking my daughter tomorrow morning. I know that March is the busiest time of year, but by arriving early and keeping focused on seeing the exhibits, it will be a wonderful time!
2	I first visited this zoo yesterday. My expectations were too high apparently, because honestly it was the worst zoo experience I have ever had. Maybe I am spoiled....the zoo I grew up going to "Reid Park Zoo" in Tucson is 20 times better!The animal selection was pathetic. The only thing that impressed me was the enclosures are large, which is great for the animals, but the variety is lacking. I do not recommend going during the afternoon on a hot day. The animals were all hiding and sleeping to avoid the heat.Bring your own food/water!!! This place is GOUGING it's guests!! $3 for a bottle of soda!!!! The prices for the snack bars are astronomical! $6 for a HOT DOG! OUCH!I do not have plans of ever going back to this zoo, from now on I will take the 100 mile trip to Tucson, and will likely end up spending LESS (with gas included) than at the Phoenix Zoo.
5	One of the nicer zoos I've been too. I found the price to be very in line with what other zoos charge. I loved the nice, large enclosures. The way they were laid out I saw all of the animals, even going in the middle of the day. The enclosures are set up so that the animals can get out of the sun, but you can see nearly every part of the enclosure. I also like the way the sections flow naturally from one into the next. Water is free unless you're opposed to using a water fountain. They're located all over the zoo. Still, unlike many places, they allow you to bring in your own drinks and snacks. I didn't pay a dime for anything other than my ticket and didn't feel like I missed out on anything. Also, even though I'm only in town for a couple of weeks, I got a membership. It helps pay for the nice enclosures and you also get two free passes to bring friends, which I will use. Within a week, the pass will pay for itself and they have reciprocity with zoos closer to where I live.
5	Easy 5 star fun at the Phoenix Zoo. I've never seen critters so closeup before. At the Monkey Village, they don't even have cages. The giraffes came right up to us. I spent half my beer money on fishheads and shrimp feeding the stingrays. It was a blast!We had great time!yow, billPS - I've never commented on other people's reviews before. But jeez. When someone goes to the zoo and complains about the cost of a hot dog or a snow cone... well, for spider monkey's sake, get a clue!
4	Every time I go to the zoo it get better and better. I mean honestly, what get better than checking out animals within an arms length away without having to travel to Africa or Australia? I am a bit torn because I think it's a bit sad they have to live their lives with us gawking at them, but they are treated so well. My first experience at the Phx Zoo was back in the day when Rosie the painting elephant was around. She was so cool! The zoo is easy to get in and out of, always kept clean, decent prices for food and drink, easy to navigate and lots of special events to keep it adventurous. Zoo Lights every Winter is so much fun! Beautiful light displays, fun music and a great time for the family or a date night.
4	I have a love-hate relationship with zoos. It makes me sad to see the animals in captivity. But it makes me happy to see the animals at all! When I was a kid I loved reading about animals from other countries and the zoo was my favorite place to go. I had it a little mixed up in my head with the circus but I blame the fact that a lot of zoos have carousels. This zoo has the Endangered Species Carousel, how's that for a mix of happy and sad? Anyway, I advise just getting a membership. If you're going to spend the money on one trip, a membership is a better deal, and it gets you into all kinds of other zoos and aquariums around the country, so if you go traveling you already have a discount to local attractions. I thought I might not actually use that perk but I've already visited the San Francisco Zoo, the Omaha Zoo, and the St Louis Zoo with business and family trips over the last year. Also if you happen to be some little person's aunt, a zoo membership makes you the funnest aunt around. Yeah, I said funnest.
4	My fiance and I went to the Zoo lights during the Christmas Season. It actually was very nice - most animals were not out but the lights, environment, walk, music etc made it enjoyable. The trails were all lit up and there were even mini light shows at certain areas. The snack/food prices were pricey but hey - it's expected right? This is a good night walk place with your "other" and the fact that it's at night (away from the 110 degree day temperature) - got me sold. Loved it.
5	This zoo is amazing.  Kids love it.  This is my 3rd year as a member.  I think that the best part ie the staff really love their animals.
5	My kids love the zoo... The membership is cheap and is a really good deal if you plan on going often.
4	Great place to take the kids for the day. ESP. Love the zoo lights!
5	Came here for Zoolights... I'll admit, loved the zoo as a child, but at 19, I'm probably the least likely person to ever go to the zoo. To be honest, I hate nature, not a fan of weird animals, and honestly don't care for the smell........Fortunately, I had a great time and would visit again!
4	I think the zoo was pretty cool. When we went, there werent alot of people and i liked that. I hate going places and its crowded. Its best to go there early in the morning because it gets really hot and it can becone tiring walking throughout the zoo, and the animals will hide from the heat. What I absolutely like is that they had this little play area for the kids just before you get to the petting area. My boyfriend and i took a break on the benches and let our 2 year old son play for a bit. It was a great experience overall.
1	I read the older reviews that thought it was way overpriced at $18.  Well now it is up to $30 and still way overpriced.  Went during the day and lots of animals were hiding in the shade as we should have been.  Didn't see much!!!  My advice is to go at night to see all the lights and not the animals, maybe then it would be worth the $30.  Go to the NC zoo, now that's a 5 star and much less than $30.
3	The Phoenix Zoo is probably really great if you have kids and live in Phoenix, but being that I don't have kids...it was just ok. I thought it was overpriced (17$ for student admission) and the admission cost didn't even cover seeing stingrays or giraffes....pretty weak. Many of the animals were hiding (it's hot here), and there were rude people everywhere *oh Johnny just go stand right in front of those people who are trying to see an animal since they clearly don't matter since they don't have kids...* Additionally, the zoo seemed to have a lot of empty spaces...it is under construction right now, so maybe it will improve. I have been to better zoos (woodland park in Seattle and Bronx zoo), but this zoo is fine if you have no other option.
5	During the lighting it seem amazing..like a heaven on earth. I am animal loving person so it drive me crazy when my companions are zoo animals.  This zoo is definitely better than The Brookfield Zoo, The Lincoln Park Zoo, San Francisco Zoo, The Bronx Zoo, The Tampa Zoo, The Fort Worth Zoo. I am also a member of zoo and go there most frequently.
5	I love our zoo! They are constantly expanding and adding to keep it updated. It looks like in the next week or so a brand new entrance will be done. I love the new Orangutan exhibit. It is very large and they come right up to the glass and watch all the people! You feel like they are watching you rather than the other way around! As a member this year they put together a great package with a refill cup for a $1 for each time you go. I love the new stingray exhibit where you can actually pet the stingrays!!! There are two new babys in the tank this week as well as a baby zebra who is still learning how to run. Fun to watch. They have great events throughout the year and I especially love zoo lights which always gets me in the holiday spirit. The halloween activities are also fun for little ones and adults. The zoo always looks clean, well maintained, and there are always people around to tell you about the animals, answer questions, etc.
3	NOTE TO SELF/OTHERS: Check zoo hours before going.  Apparently they close at 4.  On a Saturday.  When it's beautiful weather. Maybe that's an obvious close time to everyone else but we sure were disappointed.I guess there is a whole slew of stuff we missed seeing, and some other exhibits we passed were closed for a wedding.  I guess it's cool to get married in the orangutan exhibit.  Or else the orangutans were getting married.  (Maybe those anti-gay marriage folks were right in that it would lead to animal marriages??!)Anyways, we all know it's not the greatest of zoos because it's freaking hot half the year and it's not super nice to subject a lot of animals to 115 degrees.  But it's a decent enough selection, they have friendly staff, it's clean, and they have free parking. GD I love me some free parking.Lots of the "learn more by pressing this button" things didn't work.  At least one water fountain didn't work (but hey- it was conveniently next to an overpriced soda machine!).  Like most other zoos they make you exit through the gift shop, so your wee ones can spend the car ride home crying about how they didn't get x overpriced toy/stuffed animal.I do think if your kids are young enough, you could probably just take them past the ticket counter and check out the animals you can see below the bridge/in the water. Those ducks, fish and turtles are FREE to see, and what 1 or 2-year old needs the whole menagerie anyways?
4	I was here last year with my niece and nephew and what I learned from that trip was to start out at the petting zoo and work backwards from there.What a great idea, because the kids played on every playground the zoo had and didn't really see too many animals... this may sound bad, but they had a great time actually and we didn't have to do as much walking.I would recommend moving to the petting zoo first and letting kids stop at all the play areas including the tree house, the cactus slide, the rope web and tunnels and the little people playground.Kids will have a great time and get all that energy out early. They will also love the smaller, closer exhibits, like the "Small Wonders" house where you can see snakes and other creepy crawlers.It is a ton of walking, so either rent a stroller if you have kids or bring a wagon or stroller of your own. :)Still a great place to spend the day with the kids on a cooler day.. not in the heat of the summer.
4	Not a big fan of animals penned up.The kids enjoyed the zoo, especially the desert exhibits which gave the kids a chance to see local animals up close.  Worth it for that alone.Good day out for the kids.  We went on a Saturday at around noon, plenty of parking and it is close to the entrance.
4	Phoenix is very fortunate to have such an awesome zoo. It is an awesome zoo that left a strong impression on me when I visited in 2004. Fast forward eight years, and we drove over 200 miles from Las Vegas to Phoenix to see it. The Phoenix Zoo is so awesome that if I had the power, I would trade the best Las Vegas casino for the Phoenix Zoo. Since I don't have that power, I will write a review of why the Phoenix Zoo is so awesome.Instead of repeating facts such as admission is $20, I broke the review into sections. Each section discusses the awesome characteristics of the sections of the zoo.Tropics Trail  As Phoenix builds a bigger and better Phoenix Zoo, the temporary entrance is near Tropics Trail at the far right . This is where visitors get their first impressions of the Phoenix Zoo. The highlight exhibits are the elephant, jaguar, tortoise, iguana, Andean Bear, rhinoceros, anteater, flamingo, and manned wolf. Children's Trail  The southeast section of the Phoenix Zoo is more than a children's zoo. Because it sits on the south side of water it is a hot spot for waterfowl viewing. On the path to the petting zoo is emu, bald eagles, an island showcasing siamang, warty pigs, and ocelot. The highlight of the Children's Trail is the Harmony Farm. Grownup children will also enjoy the Big Red Barn and windmill house.The Main Lake  The Main Lake is the central right area of Phoenix Zoo where the walkways circle Main Lake. Besides the Main Lake; the highlight exhibits include Land of the Dragons, two islands showcasing lemur, otter, flamingos, and gibbon. For an additional expense there is a camel ride. By this time you might be hungry or thirsty. The Cavern Cafe serves decent food and soft drinks.Africa Trail  The Africa Trail sits at the back center of Phoenix Zoo. The highlight exhibits are cheetahs, African wild dog, baboons, mandrils, warthogs, lions, and tigers.Arizona Trail  The Arizona Trail is my favorite area of the Phoenix Zoo. It is here that a visit to the zoo changes into a hike into wild Arizona. The bighorn sheep exhibit is off the charts well done. The bighorn sheep exhibit incorporates a real mountain. This is the exhibit that leaves an imprint that Phoenix Zoo is awesome. It could be the best bighorn sheep exhibit in the country. Throughout Arizona Trail, natural Arizona treats the zoogoer to four star scenery and first rate pictures. It is the part of the zoo where bunny rabbits outpopulate wild animals. The Wild Arizona Trail, in my opinion is worth $10 of the $20 admission.  The Arizona Trail is discontinuous. To the left of the Zoo Plaza there is a more developed Arizona Trail. Here the highlight exhibits are bobcats, Mexican Wolf, Mountain lion, and pronghorn. This is also where the First Aid Station is located.The Savanna  The Savanna is the center of the Phoenix Zoo. In the future it will be the main entrance. It serves as the plaza and savanna section of the Phoenix Zoo. Here you have Savanna Grill (my brother said there burgers are good) and Karibu Cafe. This is where the gift shop is. The main Safari Train Station is here. The highlight exhibit is a savanna showcasing giraffes, eland, and zebras. There is also a stingray bay.The Exit  I left the Phoenix Zoo impressed. I was disheartened that it closes at 4 p.m. and that Las Vegas does not have a Phoenix Zoo. Headed to my car, it was time to explore more of Phoenix. Phoenix Zoo is near downtown Phoenix and Tempe, and Arizona Mills.
5	For people with kids this is a spectacular thing to do. We love bringing out of town friends and families with us and make an entire day out of it with a picnic and everything. We are members and go all the time. We love the summers because of the water entertainment for the kids. Now they have a winter slide that's super fun. Not to mention Zoo Lights (a family tradition!). My kids love to play at the tree house any time of year and we always find hidden pockets of entertainment. I can't forget to mention the sting-rays, the little farm, the carousel, paddle boats, tram rides, shows and classes. There is also an equine facility and your kids can take classes there! Anyway, Love it!
4	Nice little zoo.  The monkey house is pretty awesome!   The Haunted Zoo thing during Halloween is fun!
4	This is a cool place. I've been lucky enough to have visited some of the worlds most amazing zoos, but this one is nothing to sneeze at...unless you have allergies. Then dowhatchulike.Anywho, we had a company picnic here and really had a great time. It's quite a bit larger than I had thought it would be (and makes for a great excuse to get any of your lazy friends, family and enemies (if that's how you roll) to get out and do some walking.)Also, there are tons of things (mostly desert climate-related in nature) to see that you probably won't find at other zoos. We wandered for quite a while and were unable to locate the petting zoo, but loved the Stingray Bay petting tank, as well as going into the monkey enclosure where they are able to swing through the trees all around you. I would definitely recommend visiting here!
1	eh.
5	We love visiting the zoo. Seeing the animals and being able to interact with some of them is one of our favorite things to do.The zoo has many exhibits and numerous animals. It is really a lot of fun to walk around and experience the different habitats and see the animals. All the animals look healthy and happy. Also, the zoo is well laid out and easy to navigate. There are plenty of spots to take a breather or to just sit back and experience the wildlife.I love the recent addition of Stingray Bay. We had been to another zoo where we got to feed and pet the stingrays and was really disappointed that the Phoenix Zoo didn't have that, but then a year later they added Stingray Bay as a permanent addition. It's amazing! You can pet the stingrays, which feel like wet velvet, and then at specific feeding times, you can purchase food to feed them. It's kind of scary at first, but they are really gentle creatures and it's super fun! I could spend hours petting and feeding the stingrays. If you ever need something to do or want a great experience, definitely visit the zoo! I'd recommend going when it's cool out, especially since AZ gets so hot during the summer. It's no different at the zoo - it's all outdoors. Plus, during the winter they have Zoo Lights, which is really pretty at night.
3	Really nice zoo with a layout that proves quite conducive to getting close to the animals but I must say the nickel and diming is a bit off-putting; $3 to look at Stingrays, $5 to pet a giraffe, $6 for a wheelchair, etc - it is a wonder they don't charge you to park.  Good collection and a nice layout, but not necessarily a 'top tier' zoo despite the $20 admission price.
4	We love the Phoenix Zoo! We love the Zoo lights, all the animals, the monkey village, the playgrounds, the fun foods, icee's and the sting ray's! We always buy year round passes...FAV Animals: Monkey's, Zebra, Girraffe, Lion, AligatorsWe also love having a pic nik on top of the mountain next door to the zoo! It has a holowed out area at the top that's pretty cool!The only reason I gave them 4 stars instead of 5 is because they close at 4:00 all year round except for zoo lights. That is weird to me because this is Arizona, the Sunny Desert! It doesn't start getting dark till at least 7:00 or 8:00pm in the summer time.  We always decide to go to the zoo at 2 or 3:00 in the afternoon and then remember that they are going to close soon, Bummer!!
5	EHRMAGHERD I LOVE THE ZOO.Unfortunately, the weather is only nice enough to visit for a few months out of the year, or I would practically live there.The Arizona Trail is fantastic for local mammals, snakes, and insects. My favorite animal in this area is the Collared Peccary, aka Javelina, aka tusk pigs. I love Monkey Village, with adorable little squirrel monkeys swinging around practically within reach (don't touch the monkeys). The meerkats are always a favorite on the Africa Trail, as are all the animals on the Children's Trail (but especially the Ocelot and the Wallabies).There's a free water feature for the kids, so bring their bathing suits and a towel during warm weather. Also bring hats, sunscreen, and maybe insect repellent year-round - even in cool weather the sun shines brightly and you will get burned, and bothered by bees.
5	My girlfriend and I love the zoo. We've gone to almost every zoo in California, and this zoo trumps them all! Besides the bad parking- we drove around for twenty minutes before deciding to park out in the boonies in the smoldering Arizona heat- everything else was spectacular! Even though it was a warm day, the zoo was nicely shaded and had misters to cool off everywhere! Every staff member we encountered was so friendly! We noticed a little boy wandering by himself, and after a staff member asked where his parents were and he didn't answer, she followed him around to make sure nothing bad happened to him. She was so nice and seemed genuinely concerned- not intruding at all! We also went to feed the giraffes for a little extra charge, and the attendant there was so friendly and knowledgeable! We fed giraffes in Santa Barbara once before, and everything seemed so rushed, but not here! The friendly staff member let us take our time, snapped some photos of the two of us, and told us some very interesting facts! We went to the Sting Ray Encounter for another little charge, and spent a good hour there alone! They told us how to handle them, we washed our hands and were ready! Almost. It was scary at first, but we got the hang of it and couldn't stop trying to pet the sting rays! We might have been having more fun than the little kids surrounding us. For a Saturday afternoon, there were a good amount of people, but it never felt crowded. The zoo was large and easily navigated. The friendly workers there made it such a wonderful experience, and we loved all of the hands on exhibits!
3	While I am a fan of the zoo, I'm not a fan of how expensive it has gotten! It is now $20/adult and $10/child from 3-12 years old. This does NOT include the stingray exhibit, carousel, or safari train which are extra. There is a "premium" admission which is $23/adult and $13/child which isn't advertised on the website but does include the stingrays, carousel, or safari train. Even with the premium pricing, the camel ride, giraffe encounter, are all additional charges. The food is way over priced. That having been said, the zoo itself is beautiful. It's very clean with friendly staff and nice, broad based exhibits. The petting zoo is very nicely done and it's always a good visit. Just be prepared to spend a pretty penny on a visit to the Phoenix Zoo. So as much as I'd like to give it more stars, the Phoenix Zoo is pricing itself out of the market with the nickel diming that it's doing to its guests.
3	I was a bit surprised at the low number of animals this zoo had. Maybe they are in transition? It was 20 bucks to get in and literally every animal was asleep except for the giraffes and the giraffe exhibit is monumental but they want to gig an extra 4 freaking dollars for it? COME ON! EVERY ANIMAL WAS ASLEEP. IT WAS WEIRD.
5	The zoo has so much more to offer than just a nice place to walk around and look at animals.    They offer great classes, camps, and programs for kids as young as 18 months old to adults.  Special events include their Walk in the Wild 1-mile non-competitive event, Rock the Zoo concert, and of course Zoo LIghts during the holiday season.   You can even host special gatherings, meetings, or parties there.  The Fisher Price Little People play area is a great space for smaller kids.Yes, it is hot during the summer, but visiting the zoo is not out of the question during that season.  The zoo is open earlier, and the splash pad is a great place to cool down.The membership prices are great; I think the basic membership pays for itself in about 2.5 visits.  We go that many times in a month, so our membership has paid for itself several times over.
4	A nice zoo with a diverse range of wildlife to look at. It's great for kids, and I think the idea of opening up the zoo at night for Zoolights is awesome. The scorching heat of summer does limit the times when I actually feel like visiting though.
5	I've been to the zoo many times as a visitor, and I would give it 5 stars as a world class zoo with many wonderful animals to see. But I also just had my wedding there, and I would recommend it to anyone who is planning an event in the Phoenix area. There are multiple event spaces to choose from, and the event staff (thank you, Kelly and Maria) were amazing. Even though we had a small event, they treated us like we were the most important people in the world. Kelly was with us every step of the way, from showing us our options to answering my avalanche of questions. It was hard to plan a wedding from afar, but we felt confident because of the professionalism and care we received from the staff. The location was beautiful and everyone went the extra mile to make sure we were happy. All of my guests told me what a wonderful venue it was and many of them had a personal story about how Kelly or Maria had made a positive impression on them. We even had a free animal encounter for our guests! The location can't be beat, the staff are AMAZING, the bar fees are much lower than any resort or golf course, and you can feel good knowing that your money will go back into the zoo to support its mission.
3	This zoo is a pretty cool place to check out (just avoid the summer).  I wish more of it was indoors because it does get pretty toasty, but if you live in Phoenix you have to check it out.The library does have free passes so grab one of those to keep your cost down.  Also if you can spare the extra cash please feed the sting rays!  That was pretty awesome :-)Overall though, there are better zoos that are just a "daycation" away.  I recommend Bearizona and Wildlife World Zoo.
5	Been many times before remodel and liked it Okay. Really good walking material and  a place to enjoy the weather in Phoenix. Post remodel completion I REALLY love coming out here. Nice little touches for the kids and little ones (I have 2 older kids and 2 young toddlers.) They don't overcharge for everything. (Some of the concession stands are high priced)  Lots of great exhibits and everyone in the park is great. Really clean and up to date. Animals seem very well cared for. Been out a dozen times this year and we live a long drive away. Well worth your time.
5	What an amazing zoo! The exhibits here really highlight wildlife and the animals look like they have a nice home. This is a really well-maintained facility and well-staffed, so there is always help and guidance when you need it. We really enjoyed the opportunity to feed the giraffes for an additional $5/person. Totally a worth-while experience to be so close to a large land mammal. We were lucky we came on a fairly mild-weathered day. It wasn't too hot - probably in the 70s - but we did bring a water bottle. Our stay was around 2 hours and we were fine, but I bet if it was any hotter, we may not have made it. We are also from San Francisco and this zoo makes ours suck so badly in comparison, so if you ever visit San Francisco - skip the zoo. It's in a bad location and the exhibits are never complete.
4	one of my all time favorite zoo's! ticket prices are a tad high for phoenix, but overall its a great place! its HUGE! so be prepared to be doing a lot of walking :-)
5	The Phoenix Zoo is tucked away in Papago Park. Just look for some hills that remind you of Disneyland's Big Thunder Mountain and you've found it. It seems Phoenix could do a better job directing traffic to this little gem. I never saw one sign until we arrived, basically. It's a great oasis for all ages. Little kids can fall in love with all sorts of animals while older kids can get a thrill from the zipline ride. There are so many snack options including: popcorn, ice cream, frozen lemonade and more. Plus there are lots of water attractions or the little kids like a little river under a tree playhouse and a water pad area. There were a lot more things to see then we saw so you could spend hours there. Don't forget to get a family portrait while you're there, too. They photoshop animals into some of the poses so it looks like your kids are holding a lion cub or other wildlife. We only stayed a few hot hours there but, I would recommend it to anyone visiting the Phoenix area. Very nice indeed.
3	First off I have to talk about the damn ticket sales people by the Stingrays. The zoo closes at 5pm, the last person is let into the stingray area at 4:50pm...HOW DOES IT MAKE SENSE THAT THEY REFUSE TO SELL YOU A TICKET AT 4:44PM? Oh, because they are counting up the days earnings...15min before the zoo closes. WTF!? This is the equivalent of the gift shop refusing to sell you an item 15min before the zoo closes because they are 'counting'. How about counting after 4:50pm when it makes more goddamn sense? Oh, because the Phoenix Zoo doesn't like being very sensible.It's a nice zoo. It's a pretty decent sized zoo. It's a zoo that has nearly 10% of their animals off exhibit, and usually don't have any immediate signage for it. Take the Andean bear for example (their ONLY bear), it's little habitat is up a hill, not a bad hill, but a hill that could have been avoided if a damn sign had been put down at the bottom that said what the one at the top says, "Animal just had baby, not here." I'm serious, there was a ridiculous amount of animals not there at all- and waaaay more signs that said "Animal being monitored." What does that mean!?Prices are low- too low in fact for any jerk off the street to come in and act, well, like a jerk. I'm sure if it's just that people from here are innately annoying and lack any common courtesy, but they sure as hell did at the Zoo, and so did their snot nosed kids who let out as if this place were a Laser Tag. One kid spit in the prairie dog habitat. Full one SPIT, and his parent? "Oh, that was gross." Uh, ok, gross and fucking rude. I felt like knocking out the teeth of a group of kids by the Maned Wolf habitat (which IS NOT A WOLF dur) while they screamed and howled at it... BECAUSE THAT WILL TOTALLY MAKE IT HOWL BACK. Six. Kids. And the mom thought it was the FUNNIEST thing in the world! "Oh look guys, he's looking at us! HAHAAHAHA" Dear god in heaven.Besides the annoying people you will HAVE to deal with, and the missing beasts, the zoo here is nice. They have really cool 'experiences':1. Giraffe encounter- If you are a non member you pay 5$ a person to go up and feed giraffes! We only got two tiny biscuits each, but it was worth it! You get to take pictures with the giraffe, and the zoo keeper will tell you whatever you want! I advise to get there early, so you can be one of the first, since the whole thing depends on how the giraffes feel, and remember that they do this twice a day, so if you go the second time, they may not want to eat.2. MONKEYS!!!- There is a little monkey house, where you go in, and monkeys are running all around you! It's FREE! Tiny little monkeys jump from tree to tree, and even run across your path- SO FRICKEN CUTE!3. Stingray- We, obviously, didn't get to do this, but, it's a cool thing nonetheless. Pay 3$ to get in, pay some more for food, and lean over a pool and touch some stingrays!The best habitat would have to be the prairie dogs- they are in the Arizona Trail, and you can lean over a get a really close picture of them since it is basically open. There are nearly ten at a time running around and kissing each other, and it's very entertaining!Food here is of course very, very expensive, but you can bring in your own, and even a cooler.
4	Always a wonderful experience.  Such a great zoo.Visited the zoo with family last Friday.  Upon entry the cashier was very kind and patient explaining the available ticket options and even providing info on show times etc... I was very impressed with the kindness.Upon entry we were solicited to have our pictures taken.  Given most everyone has their own camera's, the zoo should probably consider discontinuing this practice as fending off a solicitation of this nature takes away from the wonderful experience this zoo provides.Fed the stingrays - checkFed the giraffes - checkRoad the camel - checkRoad the carousel - checkPetted goats - check.So much fun.The petting zoo isn't really a "zoo".  It is a dozen or so exhausted looking goats standing around being petted.  Seems like the zoo could have few different kinds of animals in there besides goats.  Just seems like they are coasting on this when it could be better.Had some ice cold drinks and other snacks.  The snacks are pricey but I did not feel I was being taken advantage of.  I liked that were plenty of shaded areas with available seating to rest.  A nice touch.Overall, the Phoenix zoo is an amazing experience providing lifetime memories for visiting families.  A very well run zoo.
4	What is there to not like about this place? The only thing I can knock it on is that it isn't as big and bad as other zoo's. Nevertheless, you will have fun here. IMHO, it is geared more towards kids than adults as it has rides, petting zoos, trains, etc. this isn't bad as most of the time you are taking the kids too.
5	Absolutely awesome! Allow four or five hours, and have a wonderful day! Shady paths, with plenty of benches! A+++
4	The Phoenix Zoo has been one of my favorite places to go on a Sunday afternoon since I was a kid...but it is EVEN better now!  I renewed my membership this year for myself and my son.  Pretty much two trips to the zoo and you pay for your membership, PLUS you get discounts on any of the "extras" like petting the stingrays, feeding the giraffes, paddle boat rides, etc.  My favorite tip, especially if you have a membership and even if you don't, is to go late in the day.  The zoo closes at five, however they do not kick you out....but they DO start feeding the animals.  This can be super cool because the animals all seem to wake up and get restless, lions roar, monkeys jump around and run across the ropes....its just cool.  And no crowds at the end of the day!!  In the summer, it does get HOT, so I would highly recommend packing a small backpack with cold waters, and some snacks.  The food at the zoo....well it sucks, the animals eat much better.  If you are happy spending a fortune on stale popcorn or a bag of cotton candy along with your $3 bottle of water, be my guest, but you are allowed to bring food in and I highly recommend it as the last two times I have been there, the majority of the snack stations were closed anyway.  The guys at the photo place are pushy and salesy.....but I still bought the silly picture because my son is the most adorable person in the world and we get very few pics together, but steer clear if you don't want to deal with paying $15 for a picture that isn't actually great....unless of course your son is as adorable as mine is. :)Phoenix Zoo is a must visit for all ages!
4	I loved this zoo! I'm from cincinnati and our zoo is great. I've also been to Columbus and that zoo is tough to beat. Overall I would say this is upward toward cinci's. I think going today was good timing because there were a few times I thought I was going to keel over from the heat and walking on the blacktop. I would guess going during the summer would be TOUGH! The animals were still out today and we were able to feed some giraffes and pet stingrays (: it was no surprise the food and drinks were overpriced but what can you expect.  Just bring your own to tote around and you're set. My experience was great and I imagine it'd be just as great for people with kiddos....if ya haven't been....go!
4	This is a fairly large zoo.  You definitely need an entire day to see everything.  There are lots of interesting animals, the prairie dogs being my favorite.  I was disappointed though that there weren't any aquatic animals like seals, polar bears and shark.  Parking was no problem, lots of space.There aren't many indoor exhibits so beware the sun! I ended up getting heat exhaustion by the end of the day and vomited.  Drink lots of water and wear a hat!  I would also recommended bringing snacks and even your own lunch.Tuesdays are only $10 instead of $20.
4	On my new resolve to visit a zoo in every city we travel too, we popped in to the Phoenix Zoo. I had no expectations (I prefer going without others interpretations). I was pleasantly surprised. The parking is super easy and ticketing is too. You will have choices if you want just an entrance fee, the "wild" (all inclusive) price or a membership. We chose the "wild" so that we could experience everything. I found the extra's to not be very special for us, especially since we are adults, it might be more beneficial if you are traveling with children.The zoo is very easy to navigate and has a natural flow with the trails. You can easily see all the attractions without even referencing the zoo map. What I loved the most about this zoo is that many of their attractions are the kind in which you walk into the attraction. Meaning that quite often you are literally face to face with the animal life. At one point I was only a foot away from a free flying Turkey Buzzard, who found us amusing and followed us around the enclosure. The opportunity to photograph these amazing animals with nothing to impede your camera is AWESOME. The negatives are that you are in the desert and are subject to high temperatures. The day we were there the temperature was in the low 100's and when you are walking in the areas that have no shading you start to really feel it. Then you will come across an exhibit like the Orangutan's and you are in a perfectly air conditioned environment. I also found the train ride to be absolutely a waste of time. It is a guided tour through the park that takes 25 minutes, but I have to warn you, it doesn't go a route that you can't walk on your own and it NEVER stops. As the guide tells you to look for an animal under a tree, behind a bush or whatever, you are lucky if you spot it before he has moved onto the next exhibit. For you photographers, don't even bother, it was useless. Also if there are loud people or kids in your section of the train you will not be able to hear a bloody thing the guide is saying. Halfway through I put down my camera and just looked around, usually for the wildlife that was not in an exhibit.Speaking of the wildlife, the grounds at this zoo are beautiful. It is for the most part natural desert landscaping, with water moving throughout the park. There are many picturesque spots to stop in and get out of the heat and enjoy the natural environment. There are TONS of indiginous wildlife running around you in these areas. I took equal amounts of photos between the exhibited animals and the ones that have chosen to make the zoo their home.I love LOVE that the majority of the exhibits are large and in a natural state for the animal they are housing. They have given the animals the choice on whether they want to be seen or not. And even though this may upset some guests, I love that it is in the animals favor. A must see is The Monkey Village, it is a very rare opportunity to be in a monkey enclosure with nothing between you and the Squirrel Monkey. One more area that merits special attention is the Stingray area. It is included in the "wild" purchase price or you can pay extra to go into it. Here you will have the opportunity to pet and feed stingrays. They were fun to watch and pet. There are other one on one opportunities in the park, like feeding giraffes. If you've always wanted to get up close and personal this is your chance.Definitely would recommend visiting the Phoenix Zoo, make sure you check their schedule because their hours change depending on the season.
5	By far the best zoo in the valley. The year passes are great and pay for themselves. Plenty of shade and places to sit and rest, especially in the AZ sun.
4	Did camp zoo at phx zoo and the kids had a marvelous time. They got to meet the animals in their habitats and learn about the various animals in the park. One of the better camps in Phoenix.
5	ZOO REVIEW: Pricy but worth it. Go early and you'll get your money's worth. Anyone complaining about not seeing enough animals needs to understand that zooming by each exhibit is not the way to go. You might need to stay for a while in order to see the animals. If they don't show up, go to the next exhibit and swing by later. I would HIGHLY recommend going during OCT- FEB and not during the summer. It;'s easier to walk around when it cooler. You can save on food costs by bringing your own food which is allowed. You can also bring chests and coolers.ZOO LIGHTS REVIEW: I got free passes from the Arizona Lottery and went with the fam. Beautiful all around. Just don't expect to see any animals. The main lights are all off so they can sleep. It's a beautiful place to go for a date night. Very "magical" feel and they serve hot cocoa among other drinks and snacks.
5	Went to zoo last Saturday, it was very hot so we opted to ride the train the toured the whole zoo.  Since the zoo is only open till 2pm during the summer the train was a great time saver as well as cooler.  We spent a lot of time at Stingray Bay, my child loves the stingrays. The worker there was awesome, she answered and all questions.  The zoo also has area's were kids of all ages can get wet and cooled off, believe me these spot were very popular!!Overall a awesome time as usual.
3	It's a nice small zoo. The kids enjoyed feeding the manta rays. 99% of the concession stands were closed and it was really hot out
5	This zoo is amazing. I love that they have two splash zones. Please make sure to have your kids bring water appropriate clothes to play in. The barn and petting area is my daughters favorite place to check out!
1	I am surprised to see other reviewers rate it anymore than an one. I would have given it a zero if it was an option.  We went to the zoo with my family, as we are visiting the Scottsdale area, plopping a hefty $45, expecting to be blown away. I am not well versed in zoo's other than as a mom of two young kids only to find an endless walk to see no animals. This zoo/park reminded me of a deserted zoo- could it be the time of year (Dec)- I don't think so.  Yelpers!! Take your money elsewhere. Did I happen to tell you that I asked for a refund and got a flat out NO REFUNDS. They offered tickets for another day but if I did not see any animals in the park why would I travel again for the same sub par experience?? The two supervisors listened with their Starbucks in hand and had a lot of reasons why our experience was terrible. Not exactly what I expect from a business.
5	My niece who is a student at ASU, worked here during her Spring Quarter this year, and spoke to highly of it.  So when I was there in May for my nephews graduation, we spent the day there.  Go there early in the day since it gets to warm there.  We got in free (Nice!), but I would have paid to go there.  Be prepared for lots of school groups if you go during the week.The zoo was so well planned and all the buildings were in good shape - way beyond my expectations.  There was a great tram ride which gave you good views of the large plain animals like zebra, gazelle's and Jiraffes.  The manta ray tank in the beginning area of the zoo is amazing.  You get to put your hand in the tank and have them swim under your hand - such a cool experience.  They also splash people with their tails.  Funny.This zoo is poised to become a world class zoo with many research projects to house and study endangered animals such as the SUMATRAN TIGER EXPERIENCE,  ORANG-HUTAN: "PEOPLE OF THE FOREST" ORANGUTAN EXPERIENCE and LAND OF THE DRAGONS KOMODO DRAGON EXPERIENCE.  They seem to have many wonderful benefactors and big donors to make this possible.Highly recommend!!p.s. you can also get a ride on a camel
2	I really hoped this would be a nice outing for my nephew while he was here. It was ok, but just ok. Many of the animals were "not currently on display" and most attractions, shows, etc. were closed. The ones that were open, Sting-Ray Bay, Trolley ride, etc. you had to pay more to participate. Seems a little steep since we had already paid $30 for one adult and one child's ticket. Zoo itself is in a mediocre state of repair. A frozen lemonade was almost $6! Unless you have absolutely nothing else to do, i would suggest you skip this "gem".
4	Yes, I went to the Zoo in 100+deg weather.You know what? It wasn't all that bad. I took my little buddy there in the Morning. The park is very well shaded and there were several mister zones. We were able to see several of the animals get their breakfast. There were very few people at the park so I got to let my little buddy run free for a bit. We went to the petting Zoo and the goats got lots of toddler attention. Once it got a little warm out, we went to two water/splash pads zones. The first one the Leapin' Lagoon is more open and more suited for older kids. The Yakulla Caverns is great for the little ones. It is better shaded and has a small moat which is perfect for sitting a splashing in. I recommend going with your toddler into the caverns. Can't wait to go again!
5	Had a fun time at the Phoenix Zoo with the kids yesterday.
1	We went to Phoenix Zoo on Wednesday 08/28/13.  It was very disappointing even those we got to the zoo at 8am, there are no animals to see, it is so hot they hide in their house.  After working for like an hour, I was thinking it what a waste of money & I was pissed & thinking I want my money BACK! Hey 4 tickets is a lot to paid & nothing to see. It is so hot in a 3 digits degree. There are some places you have to pay additional money for the rides.  Finally, we come to the money village. This house 15 cute Squirrel Monkeys & the cool part is you get to go inside the cage to get close to them. Off course, you can't touch them & there are many zoo keeper there to keep the monkeys from attacking you & from you touching the monkeys. Another place in the zoo which makes our money worth is the stingrays feeding. Off course, you have to pay additional money to go in & buy the food (fish & shrimps) to feed the stingrays.  There are 31 stingrays in the tank.  FYI, if you gonna let you kids feed the stingrays, you have to be there at noon, lunch time.  Also you must bring a change of clothes for your kid to change afterward, because the smell from the stingray's food (frozen fishes & shrimps) smell HORRIBLE.  We been to bigger & better zoo with much animals & many other activities to for kids to do. However, feeding the stingrays & be in the cage with the monkeys are the 2 things other zoo don't have. At least these 2 activities make my money worth because my niece & nephew loved it.  Will not return, one time is enough.
4	Great zoo. I think admission is reasonably priced. It's really large, with a good amount of shade along the paths. Exhibits are well maintained and displayed; it's nice to get so close up to various exotic birds and small animals. I think the membership is the way to go; you get early admission (8 AM vs 9 AM) in addition to unlimited admission for a year. It's really nice to stop in for an hour to an hour and a half, take a look, and then return at your convenience to tour the rest of the zoo. It's also really great that you can bring in your own food and drinks in a bag; save yourself some money and bring some water! Can't wait to see Zoo Lights.
5	We have been members for almost two years ago and we love this zoo. It's just big enough that there is always new stuff to see, but it's not so overwhelming like some larger zoos. We just had my son's birthday party there and the hostess was fantastic and the ramada was lovely, right next to the lake. The kids had a great time. Occasionally we receive absolutely TERRIBLE customer service, employees who bark at us or are extremely unhelpful. But most of the staff is first-rate. Would highly recommend for a birthday party, just beware you have to lug everything in yourselves, so have a wagon!
3	This review is based on past experiences which were about 2 stars, and today which was a 3-4ish. The last time I went to this zoo I was NOT happy. But I figured, hey let's try again...First off, do not go to this place without a coupon. I had a free kid coupon from the savvy shopper which put admission for my daughter and me @ $20. Not bad. Get there early. Parking is a nightmare around lunchtime. Avoid photo vultures at entrance upon arrival. We walked in and decided to hop on the safari train for an extra $5 each. For the size of this zoo, that was the best idea EVER. We went clear around the African trail and surprisingly saw most animals and decent views as well. I have walked that trail before and seen NOTHING so I was happy with that. After that we hopped off the train and walked to the exhibits you miss from the train. Orangutans must have all been sleeping. Boo. That's usually the best part. Bears were out, which is usually not the case. Little monkey exhibit is VERY cool, only problem is the little kids who run around and scare the monkeys back into the trees. Seriously I could not believe some of these kids in this place were allowed to act the way they did. I didn't buy any concession items. Brought my own snacks and water. They looked pricey though. I think the cooler temps had a lot to do with the animals being out. It was around 65 or 70. I'll go back next fall. With a coupon, of course.
3	This zoo is very close to my house and I need something to do with the kids, so I bought a membership. It is a good zoo in the sense that they have a great selection of desert and African animals. That being said, it is the most commercialized zoo I've ever been to. I would expect this at a theme park, but not at a non-profit museum or zoo. You have to pay extra for EVERYTHING here: the train, the carousel, feeding the animals, going to a special exhibit (the bat rays). They even have a zip line and photo booths to squeeze more out of you. And at the end, you have to go THROUGH the gift shop to get out. Not by it, through it. It makes for an unpleasant experience with kids, who of course want to ride the carousel every time, and want to look at and buy all the toys at the end. I would rather pay more for a membership and then not have to bring extra cash EVERY time I go to the zoo just to ride the carousel or see the bat rays. Please, Phoenix Zoo, add a little to your admission price and stop this madness.
4	A whole day adventure! The zoo was a treat. I took a day trip from Tucson just for the zoo and wasn't disappointed. There is so much to see and there are several employees/volunteers at exhibits which educational tables or more information about the animal exhibits. Wear your tennis shoes and plan for a day to see it all so you don't feel rushed. Lions, tigers, and bears OH MY!
4	This zoo is huge. I got a good workout walking the joint while my kids burned 5x their normal daily caloric amount by darting through the place like a bunch of zoo animals.  There's lots to see and the habitats are arranged in a good way where you can actually see the animals with minimal effort.  There's nothing as frustrating as playing where's waldo with a 2 year old screaming "where is it?!" after you've paid some ridiculous admission fee.  This was nice.Kids also got to ride a camel (pay extra) and go zip lining (again, pay extra), but it's part of the experience and seriously, when else are they gonna get to ride a camel unless I decide to take them to Egypt soon, which I'm not.Side note, which is also part common sense, animals tend to sleep in the mid-day so don't expect to see much activity then.
4	This is a great zoo!  The zoo is very spread out so no matter how busy it gets, you can still find a way to see the animals.  One of my favorite attractions is feeding the giraffes.  We have been here a few times and still have not seen everything.  We'll be back soon.  Zoo lights is fun too!
5	I love zoos!! And this one is great. I come here about once a year with my kiddos (who are now 7 & 9). It's just as cool when they're older as when they were teeny tiny. The monkey exhibit is my favorite, since they're wild and free and all around you!We really enjoyed the presentation they give with the orangoutangs. The staff here really know their stuff! The rhinos are also really cool. And they have a really fun bird show here as well. One of my favorite visits was when we got to pet the sting rays. The kids and I had so much fun letting them glide under our hands. And bonus, no stingers! The food here is of course pricey, so eat before you get there if you can.
4	It's the zoo...It's quite different from when I was kid, I like the new stuff...minus the area where the monkeys could possibly attack you...but I just sit outside, so it all works out.
1	Visiting from California, absolutely loved it. The one thing that absolutely killed my entire family's experience and the day of my family was the guy named Alan at picture kiosk toward the entrance. Definitely beware of his callous crabby attitude ruining a family day out. He treated us as if we didn't have feelings and ignored a lot of our questions. You'd think the customer was always right.... Nope. It's Alan's world.
5	I had a terrific experience at this zoo! I'm from NY so the zoo I go to is the Bronx Zoo. The bronx zoo is much bigger and about 100x more crowded. We went right when it opened on a weekday and it wasn't crowded at all, in other words I didn't have to clamor over people to get a glimpse. The staff were so nice and knowledgeable and helped us find our way. The zoo could definitely use more signage and directionals.I was lucky enough to stumble on the the giraffe feeding experience, and for five bucks I got to feed Migoo, the zoos' only male masai giraffe. It was truly a wonderful experience and reaffirmed my connection with nature. What a beautiful animal as well. I got some wonderful pictures.We went in November when they were just setting up for Zoo lights! I hope to return one day and get to see the zoo all lit up. I have been told it is very cool.
4	J's company just had a private preview of zoolights/their holiday party a few weeks ago.  The Phoenix Zoo - I can remember going as a kid on field trips or with my grandparents.  We (my family) loved the zoo so much that not only did my grandparents donate for an exhibit (which I think has been remodeled/turned into another exhibit) , but they'd purchase a club membership so we could go anytime we wanted.  It's been years since I had last been to the Zoo, other than going to Zoolights (which last time i had been to zoolights was in 2008), and A LOT has changed.  A few that I was able to spot on our zoolights/holiday party - moving the admission windows to across the lake and having the main exit go through the gift shop, to the orangutan exhibit indoor inclosure. Caleb loved seeing the animals we were able to see in the 45 minutes the zoo was still open to the public. I cant wait to take him back!  I'm sure a zoo membership is in our future. :)
4	My boyfriend and I went for Phoenix Lights and it was pretty cool.  The zoo did an amazing job putting up all of the light displays and it just looked beautiful.  There were plenty of employee's around to take your picture (and to keep you from getting into places you shouldn't).  I was pleasantly surprised that they did have holiday booze station with beer, Kahlua, Schnapps, and peppermint tequila.  If there was any draw back at all it would be that the zip line was too short. A great date night and/or family night event to go to.
4	The zoo is pretty big. I liked playing with the sting rays and walking around looking at the animals during the day. Whenever I go to Zoolights during the night, everything is asleep.It's the usual zoo with your jungle, desert and whatever animals. There's plenty of shops and snack shops. You can go on a tour, ride the camel, go on the slides (which is really expensive because it's $3 per ride going down a slide), get up close with the giraffes and even get up close with the elephants.Good place to take the kids and spend an entire day there. Let them look at the animals and also about them too. Bring some water and snacks so you don't have to pay for it at the zoo.Oh... FREE PARKING.
2	We went to see the zoo lights while visiting Phoenix.  I am certain the lights took a very long time to put up and people worked hard to put on the show but I,  personally,  wasn't impressed.
2	The zoo is ok, and has become nicer over the years. For a zoo, which caters to little kids, there sure is a ton if walking between exhibits. Very poorly planned if you have kids under 3 who want to walk. I would suggest heading west to the wildlife world zoo. My kids much prefer that zoo over this one.
4	So much to do! We have the season pass so I never feel as if we have to see the whole zoo. Season passes are the way to go with families! Just wish their food prices were lower.
4	Enjoyed this beautiful zoo while on vacation! Perfect weather in December. Best part is the interactive activities they have for the kids. My favorite experience was riding the camel. Staff are very polite and make the experience much more enjoyable.
5	The 2013 Phoenix Zoo ZooLights was a tremendous event hosted with a Wizrd of Oz theme. It seems the number of lights may have doubled and the Talking Giraffe is still telling good jokes. This is an incredible venue for corporate events and the park is lit up to perfection.Thank you Katie for a great event!
5	This zoo is beautiful. It was my first time at the PHX zoo and also my sons first time at the zoo ever. He loved it. Amimals are amazing and the staff was helpful. Prices are very affordable and the year pass with unlimited year access is the best value. If your thinking about going... DO IT. Great family fun!!
5	I think this is a great zoo. One of the better ones in the country. The exhibits are great and they are always adding something new. It is a nice walk around the place too. Good exercise.The new Orangutan exhibit is really nice. It is very large. I think they watch the people more than the people watch them. Also make sure to check out Stingray Bay. You can actually pet the stingrays. That is quite the experience. Plus now the zoo has the new baby bear. He is pretty cute. When we went to see him he was harassing his mother.With everything at the zoo has to offer it is a great place to spend a day. Plus with Zoo Lights every year it makes it even better.
5	We have been to the zoo a couple of time and each time was great! They have a wide variety of animals and the layout takes you through each exhibit nicely.  We were able to spend several hours here each time we went.There are plenty of places to sit and enjoy the day, or take a break from all the walking. There are a few places to eat throughout and considering other zoos / museums the prices aren't bad. We don't have kids, but we still enjoyed all the things to see, and plan to take my neice and nephew here if / when they come to visit from the East coast.  I think that they would really enjoy being here.Overall: AGreat place to kill a few hours and enjoy animals!
4	Ok, we live in San Diego, which has a pretty good zoo in its own right, plus an equally awesome Safari Park. But we were in greater Phoenix over the holidays and had never been to the Phoenix Zoo. It is definitely smaller than San Diego's but overall it is a great facility and our whole family enjoyed the visit.  My favorite animals were the huge African lions - seriously those kitties looked as big as Budweiser Clydesdales. Huge. What we didn't love about the Zoo was the nickel and diming.  We bought the more expensive premium ticket, which did get us on to the carousel and safari train, but everything else was extra. Can we get close to the giraffes?  Nope - that's extra. What about that fun-looking 5-second polar inner tube ride?  Nope - that's additional too. If they are going to sell a premium ticket, they should be more clear about what is and isn't included. The zoo also flubbed the family photo taken as we entered the park. We inputted our code after we returned home. $16 for a 5"x7"?  Shouldn't they want to encourage folks to bring home a nice family memento of a great day at the Phoenix Zoo, to be displayed for friends and family to see and consider a visit of their own?  At least we could send the photo to friends and family, right?  After all, a nice low res photo for use on social media would have been a great inexpensive advertising and marketing opportunity for the Zoo. But when we hit the link to post the photo it had PROOF written all over it. No thanks. Swing and a miss. Our experience was mostly great. Sure, the narration on the safari train was too soft to be heard over the chatty passengers, which was annoying, but the zoo was awesome, despite the a la carte pricing.
3	It was a nice zoo but VERY small. And I mean extremely small. I've been to free zoos that have more to offer. You could walk through that zoo in 5 minutes if you continues through at a consistent pace. Not many animals and they missed out on some really cool animals. Not worth the price in my opinion.
5	My family had a blast! The staff was very friendly and helpful. They were knowledgeable & willing to go the extramile to make our day. Our daughter loved every minute. Feeding the giraffes was also a huge high point of the day! We will be back!
5	Who doesn't enjoy a day at the zoo! I took my boys here to just enjoy a lazy Sunday. The crowds weren't bad at all and since this weather has been amazing, the animals were out and about. Word of advice, bring in your own water and snacks because they can be a bit pricey there. The camel rides are fun for children and the tickets are only 5 bucks per person! This is a very clean and well kept zoo, you'll enjoy seeing tons of animals from all over the world. Overall, this was a very fun experience!
2	People who give the Phoenix Zoo 5 stars have never been to a world class zoo like San Diego.  If you have kids this is a great place to take them since there are  a lot of things for them to do.  For adults, not much to see and the zoo itself is small.
3	Went to the Phoenix Zoo a couple of days ago and had a good time. I hadn't been in about two years (except for Zoo Lights which is different) and a few things have been added. My fiance and I got a $2 off discount each for AAA membership which was nice. They do let you bring your own water which is great because it is $3.79 a bottle at the concession stands, ouch! We started at the Arizona Trail area which has animals from around Arizona. While this is a cool exhibit for learning about Arizona natural history, it does not wow me in the long run.The zoo is well maintained and clean for the most part which is good. I did take off one star because the bathrooms were absolutely disgusting! I understand that this is a zoo but the utter stench coming out of the bathrooms is enough to scare a wild animal away! Bathrooms = Bad! The majority of the animals were napping on our visit which is understandable but a little disappointing when you want to see them in action. It was really cool to see the white rhino. We caught the tail end of a tour passing through and learned that she is 43 years old and most rhino's in captivity only live to be 35 at most, so she is really beating the odds! The lions were taking a cat nap but the male lion was rolling around every once in awhile. We also learned from the tour that the female lion, Cookie, had recently had surgery and while she was recovering for two days, the male lion waited outside the door and paced the entire time she was gone. Awww... We made our way around to the spider monkey house which was pretty cool. You get to go in the cage with them and see them run and play around you. We also learned that all of the spider monkey's (13 of them) are named after Star Trek characters which I found awesome, being the nerd that I am. The orangutan exhibit is also really cool. It is pretty big and has a lot of space for them to socialize and run around. One of the orangutan's had a dixie cup with some liquid in it when we came around the corner and another one was trying to steal it from him. It was quite entertaining. It is nice that the keeper's provide them with enrichment activities.Overall this is a pretty good zoo. I would recommend bringing kids here or even if you just want to have a good day trip outside while it is still nice and not an inferno.  Return factor: 70%
5	Had a great day at the Zoo today!  I hadn't been there for a while and we decided to just go.  Weather was perfect (mid 70's) and it was during the middle of the week.  There were a few schools there on field trips but other than that, not many people which was great!  In all my years of going to the Zoo this is my first experience where all of the animals were out and about.  It was really great.
5	I love this place and take the kids there whenever we get the chance.
2	Not worth it. The animals are old, often hiding behind something. Not asany exhibits as when I was a kid, with many animals, just simply missing. With many display of wiled pigs to act as fillers in now empty exhibits.  Adding to it. It is highly over priced. If this was drastic park and I was goingbto see a dinosaur, but I'm not. Food was not the best. And again, over priced. The only goid thing is the stingv rays and that just more money to see. All in all. You are beter of not going.
4	What is not to enjoy at the zoo.  Love coming to the zoo with my family. The animals make the kids go crazy, walking the park is a great workout, and experiencing the plant life and different terrain is awesome. Check out the farm exhibit in the back of the park. It reminds me of how I grew up in the Midwest. Let the kids pet the goats and check out the garden section. It's always good to know how and what will grow here on the desert.
5	I am not usually a huge fan of the zoo, but this one was great.   The animals seem well taken care of, and their cages look like enclosures instead, which I think is really important.  I loved the set up and would definitely go back again. Loved how they integrated the natural landscaping for some of the animals (re: onyx). Go check it out!They also have a place to pet goats! That was sweeeeeet.
3	PLEASE clearly post senior rates on admission booth signs. Please enlarge the big cats exhibits. Well planned landscaping for shade!
3	I had an OK time at the Phoenix Zoo today. My biggest complaint is not necessarily the zoos fault.... but it sucks that its so warm/hot here that all of the animals sleep, and/or are inactive during the day, so it's rather boring to see exhibit after exhibit of sleeping non active animals. The grounds are beautiful. The "add-ons" are pretty reasonable price wise. Zip lining is $10, camel ride is $5 per person, and the paddle boats are $10 for 20 minutes. All in all pretty fair. I can't say I left with a really "favorite" attraction...which is sad. Usually I do. Hotdogs are $6. Not much else to eat (that I saw).
4	Really nice zoo. We were there for a wedding at the Desert Tents. What a magical location! The staff was great and it was gorgeous. There is a large fire pit in the middle and 5(?) tents. The bride and groom had one for music, one for cocktails, one for board games for the kids - very cool. There were all kinds of white Christmas lights all over the site. It was truly beautiful. We had about an hour to check out the zoo before the wedding started. It's a smaller zoo, but nice, well kept facilities and the animals looked to be happy and in good shape.
4	Very clean and spaced our. Walking around this place with my 2 year old in toe was a nice way to get him tired out while looking at some cool animals.Unfortunately we went in the middle of the day and it was fairly hot so most the animals were asleep :( the camel ride was awesome and they have a carrousel, both for decent prices. Would love to come back early in the morning when the animals are more active.
3	I'm not a fan of zoos. Seeing the animals confined saddens me. Last week I had family in town and this is where they wanted to go. This zoo was surprisingly okay. Most of the animals had plenty of space to roam free, that is the animals that we saw. I didn't like the camel exhibit. They were tied up waiting for a kid that wanted a ride on a camel.I won't go again, but it is a good place to walk around and get some fresh air.
5	One of the best presents I got was a zoo membership. I have always loved the Phoenix Zoo for their conservation efforts, helping save animals from extinction, and making constant improvements on the facilities for both their animals and their guests. A.A. Milne once wrote, ""There are some people who begin the Zoo at the beginning, called WAYIN, and walk as quickly as they can past every cage until they get to the one called WAYOUT, but the nicest people go straight to the animal they love the most, and stay there."Once you've walked through the Phoenix Zoo, you'll feel the same way as you find your favorite animals you just have to visit over and over again. The membership is worth it, because you can't just visit once. If you can, try to take advantage of the early member hours during the warmer months. This way, you won't tire out as fast and you can see the animals when they are out and about.
3	It has promise, but could be so much better. So much better.The time I visited, there were way too many animals unavailable, too many obnoxious, unruly children (raise the price of admission, maybe?), and (some) employees apparently left a lot of their motivation to actually work at home, on their outstretched, unnaturally stiffened tube sock. Highlights:Giraffe feeding For a nominal fee (5$ when I was there), one can feed these lovable, majestic creatures two biscuits, which are provided. Additionally, the personable staff at this section will tell you the whole life history of the particular animal you have fed. These animals -- giraffes and zoo staff at this section -- are among the best and top of class of any zoos I have visited thus far.Monkey walkFor free, one can go inside an enclosure where small monkeys are running, swinging, and otherwise monkeying around.  Stingray petting For a nominal fee (I cannot recall), one can get up close and personal (as close as Mandalay Bay's Shark Reef allows) and even pet/feed/whatever the stingrays. Seems like a highlight, although I would not know, since the staff at the pay booth refused to do their jobs because it was ten or fifteen minutes before closing. Did not realise it required arriving an hour early just to purchase an admission ticket to a small section. Note to Phoenix Zoo: Fire everyone at the stingray exhibit working the admission booth.Wolves The Phoenix Zoo has wolves. Some other zoos have them as well, but there they are used exclusively as companion animals to cheetahs and thus are not on exhibit to the regular paying patrons. In Phoenix, they have a relatively large enclosure which gives them room to run around, although the downside is that it affords them plenty of opportunity to find hiding places.On an additional editorial note, I have to congratulate the Phoenix Zoo for their efforts on animal conservation. I read somewhere sometime ago that they took an endangered species -- on the verge of extinction -- and, successfully bred them to the point of being able to reintroduce them into the wild. I think this zoo has been around since the 1960s, so okay -- cool.
1	Very poorly kept, poor selection of animals, all of which looked miserable and very dirty. There was not a single exhibit that I thought was well maintained with happy animals. The ground squirrels living near the zoo were more fun to watch than the actual animals in the zoo. They also make you pay extra for anything extra.  A regular ticket doesn't include much except walking around.  They would charge you extra to sneeze if they could.
5	Good fun for the family. I'm from Chicago and this zoo isn't as big as the one I'm used to, but I liked it better that way. We were able to see everything available without having to spend the whole entire day there. It was a lot easier for the kids! Feeding the giraffes was the best part. The monkeys jumping around right above your head was pretty amazing as well!! Overall, it was totally worth it. We had a lot of fun!
5	We love the Zoo. It's in Papago Park, which is one of the coolest areas around Phoenix. If you'r planning to go more than once in a year, it's worth it to get the membership. The zoo has the basics like flamingos, bears, zebras, giraffes, orangutans, rhinos, tigers, etc.... you can feed the giraffes, ride a camel, and walk under the monkeys in a special enclosure.
1	Phoenix Zoo employee Brandon (white male in his 20s). who was working the front gate called me a Dick. You are not gonna believe this, I'm still in shock. Worst interaction with any employee ever. My mother was visiting here from out of town and we decided to take my 2 1/2 year old my mom and myself to the Phoenix Zoo today.We got there at noon and purchase the Wild Ride bands.  We spent all day at the zoo and were exhausted at the end of the day. It was 5PM and the zoo was closing so we were making our way to the exit. I had my 2 1/2 yr old daughter in a wagon and had pulled her around the zoo, I've been to the zoo several times and know that they want most traffic to exit through the gift shop but I didn't want to lug around my wagon into the gift shop, instead I preferred to exit through the entrance so I made my way towards the entrance to exit.  There was one young guy standing right in the middle of the gates and he said to me are you looking for the exit and I said well I want to exit here instead of going through the gift shop because I don't want to roll this wagon through there and he responded sorry you have to this is not an exit. I wasn't turning around though so I kept walking toward the left side of the gate, he was still standing in the middle of the section and said you can't exit here and I said, well listen this gate here opens can you just open it? (I waited for him to come over and offer to help but he stood fast where he was and said no)When I realized he wasn't going to accommodate I started to work the latch and I said it opens this way right (pulling instead if pushing)? he says No, then I pushed and it opened and he said it opens that way.(At this point I wasn't mad, just wanted to leave). As I opened the gate and rolled through I said I am not going through the gift shop with my daughter and this wagon, when you have kids you'll understand, to which he replied; "maybe you should learn how to say no." I stopped in my tracks and turned to him (still leaning against the turn style) and I said "Maybe you should mind your own business." Then I turned around again and heard; "maybe you shouldn't be such a Dick." WOW I was really speechless that an employee would say something like that in front of my child!!!! Of course physical contact is out of the question so I said "do you like working here because today's your last day buddy."He looked and rolled his eyes, I said get your manager out here right now and he said "No." So I noticed his radio was sitting on the gate right in front if him so I walked up to grab it and he said oh no and took it. I turned around looking for someone and no one was there so I started to call the zoo on my cell phone and just then an employee was walking in the office and I waved her down from the outside she came out and I explained what just happened and the she said OK hold on and went back in to return moments later with a supervisor, I didn't catch her name but she came out and shook my hand and introduced herself. I explained what just happened and she looked at the employee and waited for his response.  He said I walked up and asked for him to open the gate and then I just opened the gate and walked out. He totally denied everything after that and didn't admit anything! Crazy right?!I've gotta say in hindsight this supervisor didn't handle this effectively. The first thing she started to explain to me was their gate/exit policy saying how they do ask all guests to exit thru the gift shop and that the only reason the entrance gate is open is because of the fire code...I kind of interrupted her and said "you don't have to explain that to me..." Then just asked what's your policy if a guest insists on exiting here are you required to allow it and she said yes. OK then that's end of story this guy did nothing and was very inappropriate and she said "well this is a he said she said and we will have a talk with him. "When I got home I told my wife what happened and she was furious, she said you paid to have a good experience there and an employer was not only rude to you for no reason but used bad language in front of your child and no one apologized to you or offered you anything. What kind of experience is that???So I decided that first I need to notate what happened so I don't forget, second I am going to place a call tomorrow to the park manager and discuss what took place.I was real exhausted today and just wanted to leave and didn't take the time to think about how I should of handled this.Update to this review:I called the Zoo Tuesday morning and left a message for Jennifer which is Janelles supervisor but she never called me back, so I called the zoo Wed and asked for Jannelles boss Bonnie and left her a msg in the AM and no one called back. If I hear something I will update this review.
5	I love going to the zoo in Phoenix zoo is really good make sure you don't leave without feeding the stingrays it's an awesome experience
4	This Zoo is very fun, and they seem to be adding things or redoing things in the last few years. We really like the petting zoo, as my kids like the hands on stuff. We usually just go for a few hours and then come home to eat meals/take naps. I'd say we go a couple times a year, so our Pogo Passes work perfect, as they get us in twice for free. Two adult tickets cost $40, and with a pogo pass costing $40, it pays for itself and then the rest of the stuff is free. If you haven't checked out Pogo Pass do it! Use promo code TAKE60OFF and get into the Phoenix Zoo for free twice a year~!
4	Love taking my family here but for my family of 7, it's sooooo expensive. Zoos should be an accessible and budget friendly option for families.
4	This is a pretty decent zoo, not the best of course, but if you go at the right time, it will be pretty empty and you will end up seeing the same people throughout your three-hour stay or so in the place. Highlights include:- Monkey Village - Giraffe Overlook- Orangutan area- and for me all the Vultures that were scattered in different areas.-Giant anteaterOf course, you could complain about things, like the Bear they have is an Andean Bear, a tiny guy. Where is the Grizzly? I'm sure some of this has to do with the desert and heat and that also affected the visit as about four or five displays were missing their occupants due to weather and others were in their cages, while dudes were sweeping up. How about sweeping the cage when there are no visitors. anyway, every visit will probably be different. Some animals were out sick and the javalina and wolf and wild dogs were nowhere. A good majority of the rest, including the lion, tiger and jaguar were sleeping and the two cheetah's died and haven't been replaced. There were enough animals out though to keep me happy, but the park has a bunch of nooks and crannies, so check the map to make sure you haven't missed anything. Oh yeah, new record price for a bottle of Aquafina...$3.59. It's only 3 bucks if you use the vending machine though!
1	I have received a letter from the zoo apologizing (and a refund) for the rude employee. I am not satisfied in that I felt like I wasn't believed that the employee used derogatory remarks in front of my child but I will never return to this Zoo again, will tell everyone the experience I had let people know that if you have children then going to the Phoenix Zoo is not a great idea since you might be called a bad name in front of young ones.
5	WE have a family membership here and it is worth every penny.  The stingray exhibit is worth the money.
5	Joined the Zoo for the third time.  It's the best deal and come fall we'll be back several times. This Zoo is so large it's best to pick a side and see the other side next time but then you risk missing the lions and tigers on the North side of the zoo.....decisions decisions!  Wear your walking shoes for sure and try the train for a full loop.Note: the orangoutangs tend to play all night and may be lazily sleeping in the the morning. Evidently on our early morning jaunt the elephant was still snoozing as well.  still fun to see them.The zoo employees are a plethora of advice and inside information so don't hesitate to say hello and ask questions.Enjoy and thanks Phoenix Zoo!
4	Just a tip...if you're going with kids in the heat, pack bathing suits and towels and hit up one of the splash pads area.
4	$10 dollar Tuesday. How can you beat that kind of a deal? During the summer, the Phoenix Zoo has a deal on Tuesdays where tickets are only Ten Dollars. I love a good deal and hadn't been to this zoo so my kiddo and I decided to brave the Phoenix heat to check it out. We actually couldn't have picked a better day. It was overcast most of the morning until about 11:30 when the sun decided to break through and then it admittedly became more and more brutal to be there. The zoo closes at 2pm during the summer because of the heat. If you decide to come during the summer take advantage of their early opening of 7am. As far as the Phoenix Zoo goes, it's pretty cool. The exhibits are natural looking so it mentally takes you out of the city for a while. They also utilize the mountain and desert landscape for some of the exhibits. The Bighorn Sheep exhibit particularly comes to mind. It's well done, and cool to see some of the sheep climbing around the natural existing Phoenix mountain crevasses for shelter and shade.  The only thing I would complain about are the crazy prices of food and drinks. I don't mind spending money to support the zoo, but I don't want to feel like I'm getting ripped off in the process. I realize food and drinks are generally on the pricey side at amusement places, but there has to be a happier medium. Overall though, the Phoenix Zoo is a fun experience and from the looks of their current construction projects, it's only getting better.
5	My family and I have been coming here since I can remember. It is one of the only zoos that is not supported by the city, but instead through donors, ticket sales and members. So they really can do what they want to and with the zoo to make improvements, bring new animals in, etc. It is a large place with plenty of animals to see. I love the Arizona Trail; all the things that are right in your backyard are there! Well, kind of. I'm glad there's not a mountain lion in my backyard! But the animals are treated really well, and there's a wide range of them. You can ride camels, pet the sting rays, go on a safari ride, get up close and personal with a giraffe, etc. Prices for food are, of course, high, because they can charge and people will pay. But they don't bar you from bringing your own food and beverage in which is nice. And, the splash pads for the little ones are awesome when it is 100 degrees outside!
4	$10 Tuesday is the way to go! This place is huge! It took us about 3 1/2 hours to get through the entire thing, it was great for what we paid. Food was overpriced (of course) but it was a nice way to relax in the heat. My favorite part was the Orangutan exhibit.  We got to watch them feed and play around with the zoo keeper.
4	If you are flying into Phoenix and have a 4+ hour layover this is a great place to kill time.  It may be a relatively small zoo but it is very nice.  I really enjoyed the corner devoted to native Arizona fauna.  Cab ride is 15 bucks and is only about 5 miles away.
5	What a great zoo! There is plenty more to do here than just watch the animals. We have a toddler and going to the zoo is now an entirely new experience... the petting zoo, splash pads, and playgrounds. We even became members for $85 for 1 year plus 2 guest passes. This zoo can be enjoyed all year round!
4	First time at the zoo in five or six years. Liked that there were new exhibits and changes to some of the old. There is quite a bit of ground to cover, so we started with a tram ride. It costs $5 ($4 for members) and lasts about thirty minutes. Well worth the price! A nice way to learn little facts about some of the animals, and it allowed us to get a general idea of the layout for later.We spent several hours enjoying the exhibits. Brought our own lunch but selection and prices for food options looked good.Definitely a great way to spend the day!
3	A great Zoo with entry to see and do.  Wear comfortable shoes because there is a lot of ground to cover.The camp programs that the offer for kids are exceptional.  Both my 8 and 11 year old loved the camps that they attended at the Zoo.Consider a family pass if you are a local.  It allows you into the zoo before the regular public.Get an early start if you want to see more animals, especially in the summer.
5	Great zoo!
5	This zoo is amazing, easy to navigate and very clean. Wear comfortable clothes and shoes there's a lot of walking. It's even worth bearing the summer heat to go. Only con is the people that chase you down when you first walk in to get a picture. That gets kind of annoying :-)
2	How very disappointing to take a Massachusetts guest to the Phoenix Zoo only to find that 6 of their 11 Encounters, Tours and Experiences were closed. They did tell us one was closed but failed to mention the other 5. Be sure to contact them before you go! Even the seasonal (yes, summer items) were closed.
5	Awesome Zoo, love the employees, orangutans, monkeys, giraffes and the gift shop is superb!
4	We had a great time here! I have been to the Phoenix Zoo many times since moving here as it is a great activity when my friends and family fly into town. I'm also excited for the upcoming zoo lights which is always amazing! The only downside here is the food. I expect the food to be way over price at places like this but the food here is not just over priced it's gross. Simple fix - don't eat here. Since I'm there for the animals and not the food it only cost them one star. I will also say most of their concession stand are closed every time I have gone there. It would be nice to have soda or water easily available when getting thirsty instead of having to walk all the way back to the center of the zoo. If you have AAA bring your card as you will get a discount on your tickets :-)
5	Great Zoo, one of the top 5 I have ever been to.Animals appear well cared for, staff is knowledgeable and accommodating. Beautiful and natural settings.
5	We have gone to a lot of zoos - More than I would like to admit. This is one of the best zoos I have been to - I enjoyed it far more than the San Diego zoo. It is large enough to spend 3-4 hours (easily) at however it doesn't feel overwhelming. All of the animals are easy to see, there is plenty of room to see the animals (no small confining spaces), it has a nice flow/layout, staff is friendly and helpful, and this zoo has a lot of different things to cater to each guest. We got the Wild pass and did the Stingray experience, rode the carousel, and rode the tram. We also splurged for a camel ride! Our kiddos loved the farm experience area and I loved the play area there which allowed me to catch my breath while they played! I did, initially, feel that the price was a bit steep but after spending the day there my mind was changed - it was worth it. People have mentioned feeling nickel and dimed  while here and I can see how that can happen. There are a lot of "extras" - but I think it's nice that you can go and not have to get those extras, however I can see how it can cause parents some angst. We went closer to closing time and practically had the place to ourselves. Their hours change seasonally so check online before heading out!
5	A great place to enjoy the company of friends / family, get exercise and view the beautiful animals!  I love feeding the stingrays too!
4	Always a favorite way to spend a day.  The year membership is definitely worth the price, as it allows you access to other zoos as well, some at no cost, some at a discounted cost.  Also, membership allows you an earlier entry time than other patrons and you can feed the monkeys.
5	This zoo is fantastic. My family and I have only been in AZ for 2 months and we've already been three times. Their membership is totally worth the money. This is a fun place to come to get exercise while having fun. Our kids love the zoo. They don't get tired of it. We always pack a lunch so I'm not sure how their concessions stack up. We've taken the train once and that was okay. We prefer walking around and going at our own pace. If you plan on going to this zoo a few times a year then I would definitely go for the membership.
4	Ver nice clean zoo. Better than most zoo's that I have been to. Would never come in the summer time because of the heat.
5	I got the pass and it's great to take my son.  Members get in an hour early. Which is nice to beat all the field trips
5	This just might be my favorite place in all the Phoenix area. Been going all my life and look forward to continuing that tradition with my family.
2	Recently, I had family in town from Canada and we decided to go to the Phoenix Zoo since it was so close to where we live and we hadn't been in years.  After speaking with one of the customer service representatives near the front of the entrance, we decided to sign up for an annual membership.  It was $55 for one membership plus $40 for an additional adult on the membership, plus it allowed us to bring a guest.  In the long run, it was a little more expensive than just buying day-passes but we decided it was a good buy.  That was until we entered the zoo.We came to find out that many of the attractions, like feeding the giraffes, seeing the string rays and even riding a carousel costs extra.  Our year membership no longer feels like a good buy and I wish I could return it.  I don't think it's fair that as members of the Phoenix Zoo, we have to pay extra to see certain animals at the zoo as well as Zoo Lights.  We are also members of the Desert Botanical Garden and while we do have to pay extra for special exhibits, like the Luminaries, we are not charged ridiculous additional fees inside.In addition, I wasn't impressed by the minimalist selection of animals.  I'd also like to point out that many of the animals, like the elephant, rhino and meerkat, only had one of each.  I think it's sad that the animals are all alone by themselves.Simply put:  We were not impressed in the least and won't return. I just wish we could return our year passes that we regretfully purchased.
5	The Phoenix Zoo is so amazing and one of my favorite places. I find that each time I am there I encounter something new to see. The staff has a deep love for animals and really embraces what they do. Ive done volunteer events there to and they are highly accommodating.
5	I came here with my husband and my mother in law for the zoo lights program while we were visiting over Thankshibing. It's always cool to be at a zoo after hours. I wish they had more animals on display. The lights were very well done. I've never really seen lights done in the shape of animals like that before. We also participated in the feeding of the sting rays and the carriage ride. The carriage rise was very cool because you got to see parts of the zoo that are normally closed off to the public. The driver could have been more informative and explanations of the zoo as she just started the horses and talked to her friend.
4	The Phoenix Zoo is a genuine pleasure.The Phoenix Zoo is a huge zoo located a little outside Phoenix that has a lot of heat-savvy animals - think lions and anteaters, not pandas and penguins.  The place itself is ridiculously huge, but not in a tiring sort of way - paths are laid out in a pleasant (albeit overlapping) way.  I do think that more signs and guidance could be provided in certain locations - there were times I felt a bit lost - but that wasn't a big deal.  The place is clean, comfortable, and accommodating.  Delicious kettle corn and cotton candy is sold here, which is also nice.The animals themselves are obviously awesome, and it's nice to see plenty of space and breathing room for all of them.  It's sometimes awful to see zoos with little "elbow room" space for the animals - that's far from the case here.  The monkey exhibit, which allows you to literally walk into the exhibit with the monkeys - was definitely a stand-out.There's an argument to be made that there should be more animals here (as stated by other reviews), but that's ridiculous. This place is clearly set up to give all animals adequate space while having a good selection to see - cramming it full of stuff to show visitors would be negligent.  There are a lot of animals to see here already as it is - I'm not sure why this complaint is commonly raised.All in all, this place was really enjoyable.
5	had a great afternoon at the zoo. Haven't been to one in about 6 years and loved every minute of it today. This zoo was clean and the staff is friendly. Overall a great experience!
4	The Phoenix Zoo is simply a top rated institution.They have good exhibits and a wide selection of animals. You should definitely visit this place if you are visiting the Phoenix area. Don't miss the Tiger and Lion exhibit. My other favorite is the reptile house because they have a good selection of poisonous snakes. Many zoos don't have as wide as a selection. Make sure to wear good walking shoes because the zoo is large and you will likely need to walk a bit from the parking lot to an entrance gate. Bring snacks and drinks because like most other zoos the food and such is quite expensive.
4	Remember that your admission to these is essential to keeping them open and maintaining their wildlife. Remind yourself that each species is a piece in the jigsaw puzzle of the ecosystem. Invite your friends to come and meet the residents!
4	It has been a long time since I visited the Phoenix Zoo, and I was pleasantly surprised. Gone were the old animal houses, replaced with outdoor exhibits and walk throughs. The staff was friendly and the variaty of animals was awesome.
4	The zoo was fun and we had a great time visiting all of the animals. Some animals were so fun to watch, as others were hiding and sleeping. It was a very hot day! A Rainforest Cafe would be perfect!! Overall, had a fun day!!
