3	Though Primanti Brothers is really good, it is not as good at the stadium.  I tried it IN the stadium and OUTSIDE the stadium at one of their regular locations and there definitely was a difference.  You get more and pay less at the outside locations and inside PNC, you get less and pay more.  So next time I am in town, I will definitely get one outside the ballpark so I can get more for my money.
3	Not quite as superb as the stand-alone restaurants [http://www.yelp.com/biz/primanti-brothers-pittsburgh#hrid:C30sebXtI6ykCBDwI0b1ew], but that shouldn't be a surprise. The cheesesteak felt like it had been made an hour earlier and partially re-heated, but still tasted like you hope it should. And it certainly beats your other options at the ballpark-- lukewarm frankfurter, anyone?
4	First of all, Im from the Bay Area, so we don't have Prim Bros out there.I had Prim Bros for the first time on the Southside. My buddies took me there and it was amazing!Then I checked out the Prim Bros at the game. Still delicious, wasn't as fresh, it was kept under a heater... but damn it beat eating a regular ol' hot dog!I'd take a ballpark Prim Bros Cap and Cheese now whenever I go to the Giants game over anything there!
3	Very dissapointing, i love the original Primanti Bros, but the booth at PNC park is not in the same league, i suppose the sandwiches are bulk made & kept under a heater, just not that great, but stilll better than average ballpark fare..... Served with IC lite, possibly the worst beer in America.
2	I must of had the wrong sandwhich...I had the traditional Primanti with steak coleslaw and fries and I thought it was dry  a dry as can be. The woman at the counter was very nice but sorry I wasn't inpressed.  Sorry
2	***The good thing about the concessions at PNC Park is that they feature local brands/products like Primanti Brothers; the bad thing (and definitely not surprising) is that the ballpark version of Primanti Brothers is probably not a good representation of their food***I have never been to an actual Primanti Brothers location, but I've heard of it.  This Primanti Brothers location is inside PNC Park and it features a limited menu (a few sandwiches and their fries).  The sandwiches are served on thick bread and topped with French fries.I ordered some of their French fries as a side.  They were freshly cut, but the fries had been sitting around for a while.  Some of the fries were crisp, but most of them were limp, soggy and cold (they were also quite greasy).  With the skin on and everything, the fries might capture the great and guilty pleasure experience of carnival fries when they are served just out of the fryer.  But given that the fries are so unevenly cut here, you still may not get consistently great fries with one order (even when they are hot and fresh).Cheese dip is also available for an extra charge.  The cheese dip was the standard cheese dip you get with stadium nachos.The fries were expensive, but I did purchase them at a ballpark and the portion size was generous.Service was fine and quick.Since ballpark food often sits around (I had a similar experience with garlic fries at AT&T Park in San Francisco), PNC Park is probably not the best location to try Primanti Brothers.  The fact that Primanti Brothers is a local product might make you consider giving it a try over other generic concession food at PNC Park.  That being said, PNC Park seems to feature a lot of local food so you may want to explore the park a little before committing to Primanti Brothers (or at the very least, you should request the staff to serve you a fresh batch of food).Primanti Brothers is located within the stadium so it is only for ticket owners.  There are several parking lots and structures nearby.  The lot right next to PNC Park is $25, but a structure just one block over is only $15.
2	I was looking for that Pittsburgh experience... Pirates game and a Primanti Brothers sandwich. The Pirates got shut out and my sandwich left me disappointing as well. I KNOW ballpark food is overpriced and not the same. I get the gimmick that the sandwich is stuffed with coleslaw and fries. Interesting and worth a try, but not something I will try again. Next time I will get a sausage or brisket.
5	New baseball season at pnc park this is Primantis Bros 14 season at pnc if you have any problems at Primantis at any sports Primantis please ask for bobby I will everything I can to fix your problem lets go bucs pens steelers
3	Next time I'm going to be sure to eat a full-sized dinner before coming. I totally understand ball park food is overpriced, but I paid $6 for fries in a little cup. At the regular primanti's you get a nice amount of fries (for $3) Also, they werent hot at all and the only option for cheese was on the side. ($1.50)
