4	Jumpin Jehosaphat.  An even MORE authentic Texas roadhouse style saloon than 4 Mile Bar.  People dance here, on a dance floor with a spinning disco ball - the music's country, but it's tolerable country.  It was refreshing to see people actually dancing - I believe it's called line dancing, yes?  Sort of charming in a sickly sweet way.  Then there's about 12 pool tables for the "billiards" afficionados, and a real live actual fake bull for bull riding in its own padded pen.
4	If you have ever watched the movie roadhouse or Coyote Ugly and thought "I have to go there!" or "That there is a drinking spot". Well, look no further then Dylan's Roadhouse (originally Dylan's Dance Hall) in Vegas. This place is not your average Vegas strip location with covers and the same fist pumping clubbers. This place is about 5 minutes from the strip but is diffidently worth the detour. The vibe when you first walk in is this is an "anything goes good time rock/country bar". They have a live wolf chilling at the entrance! I mean, Come On! When you walk in you are greeted to a great mixture of country and rock. The staff are so extremely nice and are quick to give introductions to other patrons. It truly feels like a unified party in there. Just watch how much you drink, those ladies have a heavy hand and their drinks are quite stiff. Beyond the bar you are also greeted to tons of TVs that play sports and old dukes of hazard videos. There is a mechanical bull, beer pong, and a huge dance floor to two step on. But out back I hear a little rumor they will show live MMA fights! Once again I give it another, Come On! How cool is that! This is a great place to grab a beer and enjoy some chill people who don't need bottle service to have a great time!
4	The name describes it exactly a saloon & dance hall. Grimy without presence. People actually dance!A great place to go when your in sneakers and ready to throw back some shots & beer.Very Very country without apology none of that urban cowboy crap here. Super fun if you know what to expect.
3	I like the drink specials here, I have booked here before and our bands never get paid. That is my problem with this place. But if you want a place to dance and drink for a low price than as a customer wanting to cut the rug this is the best place in Vegas for that! "PAN"
