1	Yesterday, two co-workers and I got $18 tee times at Desert Rose, which we had deemed a steal. We'd never been, but I knew that it was the oldest course in Las Vegas. It's also in a dire state of emergency; frankly I'm surprised it's still operating. I live on the east side near UNLV, which is no utopian paradise by any means. So when I say that the neighborhood surrounding the course is sketchy, I mean bombed out and on the verge of being condemned. There were more boarded-up houses on the entrance road than I could easily count. Somewhere around the 7th hole a kid in a neighboring house was yelling at us while we were teeing-off in an attempt to distract us. I believe it was the 16th hole where a gentleman in front of us intentionally drove a ball into another neigboring house (we assumed for similar circumstances). And, not sure which hole it was where someone had their home stereo cranked to 11 blasting some sort of favela crunk. Enough of the fun stuff, let's talk about the course:  There is a dry wash that cuts through Desert Rose, which is literally a trash dumping site. See my photos. This starts at the first hole, and continues through most of the course. There is also a creek with actual water running through it (a flowing trash heap), and dozens of ducks hanging around the first two holes (duck crap covers the greens). The fairways have a 20-foot wide swath of live grass leading up to the greens, everything else is brown, dead, dusty mess. My bag literally emanated a dust cloud when I smacked it at the end of the day. There are two areas where the golf cart goes through concrete flash flood sewer areas covered with grafitti. It looks and feels like the inspiration behind a Red Hot Chili Peppers song. There are two holes where the signs have been stolen, most of the bunkers don't have rakes either (assumed they were also stolen). I believe it was the 13th or 14th hole that was literally a construction site (tractors, caution tape, sewer pipes) which required driving the cart "off road" into the drainage ditch. One bonus was that whenever I sliced and lost a ball in the drainage ditch abyss, I usually found 2-3 other lost balls to replace it. We chatted with an older gentleman looking for his ball on the other side of the ditch; he said "I think it may have landed in this trash heap". When was the last time you said that at a golf course?  Onto the positive part of the review. The clubhouse was fairly comfortable, had some great deals on gear (we bought some balls and tees), and had great food in my opinion. The bartender/server was professional and attentive. I'm a fan of "vintage Vegas" which is why I wanted to try this course (I also want to try National; I hope it's better) but in this case it's fallen into neglect. For another 10-12 bucks you can find tee-times at Boulder City muni or an exec course like Desert Willow.
1	I wish I could give this place no stars. We got a Groupon for $79 for 4 people. Sounds like a steal, but for some reason I'm the one feeling robbed, bamboozled, hoodwinked, and possibly lead astray. The course appears to be a dumping site for things that are old. There was an abundance of trashed sprinkled throughout the course and what appeared to be a sewage of sorts. There was also construction going there as well. There was also a few vacant lots of units sitting around. At some point a stray dog came strolling through and followed us for about 6 holes. This appears to be a place where dying golfers come to lay rest. Thank the trees that I made it out alive.After the experience I had with golfing I should have known to pass on the food. I ordered "The Ace of Clubs". My sandwich didn't come close to the description they gave of it. There was no lettuce, I got sourdough and not wheat bread, they used cheap deli meat and to top it all off they put Kraft singles cheese...straight from its plastic package goodness.I made the best of my time here, but look elsewhere for a golfing experience.
2	The course is dormant right now due to flooding.  Okay if you like to walk, but don't expect any grass to be growing.  Will probably be a lot better when it gets warmer.  They didn't overseed this year due to flooding.
1	I read all of the reviews before coming here so I had an idea this course would be in rough shape, however it's hard to turn down a $10 greens fee with cart.The first hole was OK, but after that it was all downhill.  There seriously is like a sewer that goes through the middle of this course so it stinks really bad.  It had rained a week prior and the "creek" washed a bunch of trash in with it.  I lost a few drives, not because they were in the rough, but because I couldn't tell what was a ball and what was a piece of trash. I wasn't the only one either, I picked up several balls around the course that earlier players had given up on.I found the following items:- A beat up chair- 3 tennis shoes- Tons and tons of trashAlso the houses surrounding the course are pretty rough and many of the owners have some sort of angry dog (how fitting).I can't say I'll come back here, even though the price is cheap, the frustration of losing balls well hit makes me too angry.
3	I've read many bad reviews about course (many were quite true). However, I've been coming to this place for around 2 years and for the deal you can't beat it. Yes, there was one time I saw a homeless guy living in a one man shanty town that he cobbled under the wash that runs between #10 and #18. Yes, I did see a man on Nellis (drinking a 4Loko at 3 pm in broad daylight on the street) get into a screaming argument with a golfer between a chain link fence for apparently no reason. Yes, sometimes you do have to play winter rules after your ball snuggles up next to a crumpled Natural Ice tall boy on the side of the fairway. And yes, a stray pitbull did pick up my golfing buddy's ball in it's mouth and run for about 50 yards back towards the tee after a drive. All of this is true. I think that's part of the reason I keep coming back. I've played some pretty nice courses, but this one has charm. However, for locals after twilight - $15 for 18 holes and a cart can't be beaten. Desert Rose has a pretty nice practice area with full chipping and putting greens, a sand trap and very cheap range balls with grass practice tees. They even have a pretty good deal on 6 Michelob Ultra's and you get a cooler. The staff has always been very nice every time I've been there. If people want to complain, this course is what it is: a great deal. If you don't want to complain go to Rio Secco and pay $200 a round.
