5	We stumbled into Urban Boba recently while hanging out at Norterra. This is a new Boba spot that just opened recently. The spot is clean with an extensive menu of Boba varieties- frozen, blended, snow, etc. we had a great experience. The coffee Boba was delicious and the clerk was very chatty and informative. Also the price was good- 4 bucks for a 16 oz. Will definitely be going here again.
5	This is awesomely delicious! The staff is so friendly and nice and they know thier boba! My daughter and I came here for a mommy and me time and now it is our favorite. If you haven't tried boba- please do- you won't be sorry! The dessert is next on our to try list.
5	Such a great environment and literally, THE BEST boba I've ever had! And I've tried a lot of different boba places! Everything I've had there is so delicious and their boba is made PERFECTLY. It's basically my second home now.
5	Sooo many choices and all of them delicious! Perfect location, incredibly clean hangout, and staff is super friendly. You can never get tired of the drinks, because there's such an extensive menu. There's something for everyone there! I absolutely love this place!
4	Wandered around the Shops of Norterra today and found this boba place! I was SO excited that there's a boba place! Not only that, but they sell Snow Fluff. My friend and I shared the 16 oz mango snow fluff with red beans and condensed milk. The fluff was a tad icier than other ones I've tried...and didn't have a strong mango flavor. It'd be awesome if they were a little more generous though. The fluff was $4.95, and each topping is 50 cents. For this price, I can get it somewhere else where it's overflowing! It is pricier than the one place I love in Mesa...but it's in Mesa, so considering the time and money spent driving over to Mesa...I'll take this.The ladies working there were nice, and I want to go back ASAP to try their boba and tea. Also, the Avalanche!! It looks delicious, and perfect for a bigger group of people, and perfect for people like me who wants to try a bit of everything.Oh, and a tip, $10 minimum for credit cards.
4	Yayyyyy a great boba place next to work. Whooo hoooo. Great customer service, great atmosphere, what a way to stop in, grab a freah drink and go shopping. Haha :)) so...I was super bummed that they were out of bobas....so I got the mini boba instead :/ for my ice thai tea.  I'll live. I can always come back right? :)They do snow desserts here. Definitely have to come back for that. )Kevin and gabe will be my favorite people :))
3	I ordered the Royal Milk Tea with boba and grass jelly. The flavor of the royal milk tea was good, but the boba pearls and grass jelly were too sweet. It tasted like they didn't drain the preservative syrup that came with the grass jelly in the can. I just didn't taste anything special that would make me want to make the incredibly long drive out there again. On the plus side for them, their interior looked very modern and appealing. The location of the place is directly in front of Harkins Theater so I'm sure it's probably a pretty good hangout spot.
5	Got the taro milk tea, blended, with boba. Delicious and comparable to the great boba places I go to in California. Hard to find at first, but near the movie theater in the back. Free wifi, just ask for the password. Seating is a bit limited though and there's only a few wall outlets if you're trying to come here to do work.
4	I had Royal Milk Tea not bad with boba no jelly. It was a little expensive $5.00+ for a small about the size of a grande at Starbucks. Didn't try anything else.
5	It's was late and I saw them cleaning, but they were nice enough to service me. That right there tells me that they care for their customers.What I ordered: mango and taro snow with mochi balls and fresh mangos. The mochi balls were the perfect consistency and and the mangos were freshly cut. My girlfriend got the Thai tea and she said it was the best she's ever had.. The boba were top notchThe interior is very modern and clean and the staff were very professional. I highly recommend to any boba fanatic
5	I was in the mood for boba and we came here I got the blended coconut boba it was so good!!!!! And my mom got a regular iced Thai tea and she said it was very good. This is my new favorite place for boba
4	I come from Chicago, where we take boboa (bubble tea) very seriously, and this is better than the best place there. The ambiance is ok, I hate the music they play there. It's like all the awkward 2007 music videos. I don't like staying in there too long, I just really love their bubble tea!
5	After watching a movie across the way, we headed into this quaint corner shop and discovered a new favorite spot! The snow is delicious, and the milk tea is delightful. Don't even get me started on the macarons!
5	We're visiting from CA where there are plenty of boba and shaved snow cafes. Turns out that this is one of the best shaved snow we have been to. The boba is also excellent. Great location and friendly staff. Price is definitely very reasonable
5	Love this place! So many options and combos! My whole family loves it! So glad to see a high quality boba establishment in Phoenix, lucky me it is near my work!
5	Awesome Boba spot in the area! I get the blended taro with boba and it is a tasty treat, lemme tell ya. Highly recommend to anyone looking to get in on some delicious beverage.
5	I visited this place many times and loved everything I tried. Their Thai tea is incredible. It's different than the other places. You will need to shake it up before drinking it because tea and cream are separated when the drink is given to you. It's really one of the best Thai tea drinks I have had in AZ. Highly recommended!
5	One word...."YUM!!!!"Was visiting from out of state and step upon a Boba Tea House.  Ecstatic!!!  Tried the Thai Tea Boba with pearls and it was SO GOOD!!! Another review didn't quite like the flavoring, but for a person who was born in Thailand...I beg to differ.  Try it for yourself and make your own judgement :)
3	Excited to see a boba place in Phoenix,  however, the service was slow and they ran out of boba. Hopefully things come together for them.
4	Finally have a boba place near my house! This place is really good, as long as you aren't looking for something crazy.  It's hard to find places that use real fruits for boba, so I normally order their royal milk tea.  Their snow fluff is good - just make you verify what you order. Three times now they got my original snow fluff with strawberries on top mixed with strawberry snow fluff
4	For the NW valley, their milk teas and snow fluff are really good! I always get their royal milk milk tea over ice with boba and their original snow fluff with toppings, and I am never disappointed. Unfortunately, the other stuff I tried like their smoothies weren't great at all (I would not trust their "real fruit smoothies" claim, tasted like 95% powder, and 5% fresh fruit). But as I said, I love their milk teas and snow fluff (no need to drive to Snoh). They also have a stamp card program which is great! The place is always clean with nice service and the music videos on their TV keep the place lively. Be aware of the weekdays they close.
4	After a day playing in the snow up north and drinking coffee most of day, I needed something different to wake me up.  The location is so convenience, easy access off of the I-17 and next to Harkins Theater. If it wasn't so cold outside, I would want to try their snow fluff.  I ended ordering just a hot basic milk tea.  The hot milk tea was decent but was on the sweeter side for me. I believe it was the owner that indicated no boba can be added with hot drink. If you want boba, stick with the cold drink. Thumbs up for the friendly staff, clean restroom, and clean tables.Thumbs down for lack of snack food items on the menu.
