5	My favorite juice bar in town. Smoothie King and Tropical Smoothie just don't compare.  Jamba Juice smoothies taste real because they are made with real frozen fruit, sorbet, and juice. I would eat here everyday if I could. The banana berry smoothie is great and my SO likes the PB and J smoothie which really does taste like Peanut Butter and Jelly. The only negative is that it closes at 7pm everyday unfortunately.
5	Always good service. Never a long wait. Very clean. Btw... military discount. If you want a treat grab the Dream Machine, yummy. Also, sign up for their e-mails and you'll get coupons here and there.I don't like that this locations closes kind of early. Like 7 or so. BTW this location isn't the easiest to find from the parking lot. It's hidden in the corner around the side a little. There is a Panda Express right across from it. Subway a couple doors down from that.
5	One of my favorite places to get a healthy smoothie.  This location was very clean, fast and friendly.  I like how they offer a free boost with each drink that you order.  I normally get the Matcha Green Tea Blast with 3G Charger Boost to wake up.  I love green tea so I'm used to the weird flavor of it, so if you're like me, I suggest you try it.  My husband gets the Red Gummy Bear and it's so good!  It tastes just like gummy bears.
4	Great spot for fresh smoothies. The only problem I've had is they have a sign saying they take discover card when in actuality they don't. Otherwise very speedy and delicious.
4	This place is great, wish they had more smoothie specials advertised at this location
1	Wanted to get a Jamba Juice, but they are closed by 5:00 PM on a Sunday and 6:00 PM on week days.  Change your hours and you will get more sales!
5	Never fails all Jamba Juice locations have great employees, vibrant energy and filled with knowledge on the drinks and meals. Yumm! A must try. Great for after workout boosts!
5	Wow went here today instead of Tropical smoothie just for a change... I have to admit the smoothie had a lot more flavor...... I might have to change my smoothie place...
3	Overall solid or good, but not great.  The staff is courteous, friendly and provides good service.  The location is clean and bright, its aroma is a bit like citrus.Many of the menu items are good and fresh.  Better than Tropical Smoothie, but falls short to Smoothie King in my opinion.The hours are a bit odd, closing early on weekdays (i believe 6:00).Not sure of any specials, or in the least they don't advertise or announce them. Will return again because of convienance.
1	For years I have tried to understand this location.  I love Jamba, but this location is a mess.  The credit card machines are always down.  This makes me believe they aren't paying their credit card vendor fees.  Then they have terrible hours closing early opening late.  Half the time they are not even open when they say they will be. Their employees are passive and passionless   The owner does not respond to complaints. Truly, Jamba should pull their franchise.
