4	To me this is the ideal for getting your dance on.  A free lounge with a live band that covers all the current top 40/hip hop dance tunes, you know the ones you hear on your car radio that make you want to boogie?  My only complaint is it seems like they group artist's songs together.  They did 3 or 4  of Fergie's songs close together, same with JT.  Minor nit pick.  I would definitely return.
4	zowie bowie really knows how to get the crowd goin and they sound awesome!!!props to 'em!
5	Zowie Bowie are AWESOME. They are now a featured act at the Pub in the Monte Carlo. Great venue, they really got the crowd going. We went to see them two nights in a row!Had the best time. They sing all the top 40 as well as some classic and still magically loved pop music.
5	Zowie Bowie IS the HOTTEST act in Vegas!! Now playing at the Pub in the Monte Carlo.  Admission is free. They have so much energy and they sound GREAT!!!  They are very crowd pleasing! This is a must do if you are going to Vegas. They ususally play on Fridays and Saturdays. When I am there I go BOTH nights! They play the latest top dance music.
5	Awesome show!  I finally got to experience this cover band and I definitely enjoyed my night at Rocks Lounge in the Red Rock casino.  It took us awhile to find a table to sit all 9 of my friends and I so I kind of wish the place was bigger, or had more places to sit since people on the dance floor just stand there and watch.  It is so upbeat, I'm not so sure why there were so many wall flowers!Anyhow, as the night ventured on I had a great time.  They played great Top 40 music and they take from all genre to please any diverse audience.  I like the fact that in some parts of their show, they take it back pretty old school.  I really enjoyed the woman who sings in the cover band; very entertaining!  Zowie Bowie guy kind of sings low where you can't really see him, but he is quite entertaining as well.  I will definitely come back to this show again.  Inside a casino, free cover, and great music!  Everyone should try going!
5	I am one of the "regulars" that attends Zowie Bowie any chance I get.  I've followed them from Red Rock to the Palms to the Monte Carlo and back to Rocks Lounge at the Red Rock Casino. The last time I went was unlike any other time as they now have a new bass player and "J-Boogie". "J-Boogie" is definitely entertaining but any guy would be foolish not to go for the eye candy that is Marley Taylor. Marley has even been so kind as to invite me up on stage numerous times in my 6 years of attending their shows. :-)
3	silly and stupid, but fun!!
3	Maybe you have to be drunk to really appreciate them.They were okay, they really get the crowd going and include the audience alot through out their show. You can tell they have alot of regular followers. I liked most of the songs they covered. I think Marley is the star of the show, great eye candy and she's a good dancer and singer.  I would continue to see them as long as it's free.
4	They perform at the "M" Resort inside the Ravello lounge. Dance floor is small but people dance everywhere. We sat in the VIP area. Music is top 40 pop hits mixed in with some old school. I'm not sure if they are really singing or doing a voice over because they really sounded like Rihanna, Pitbull, Usher, Black Eyed Peas, etc. NOTE: once the music stopped and they didn't sound very good. Yikes!Overall, fun show, lots of energy and not the typical "club scene" on the strip. Get out there and DANCE!
3	cheesy but fun... i saw them friday at rocks lounge so i dont know what the ravello lounge is. pretty good for no cover charge
5	Always a fun show. For a free Vegas lounge show this is as good as it gets. They are always right on the mark and high energy.
1	We like to listen to local bands and decieded to check out Zowie Bowie, we arrived early for seating, they were to start at 1030, at 1130 still no band, the lead singer was t here  zipping around in the crowd but not performing, we finally lett putting it down to a wasted night.
2	Please retire the violin or burn it, yes burn it. Not the best local cover band. It seems like they're trying to become more hip but it's just not working very well.  Doors open at 10 but they don't show up until 12...okay. Much preferred seeing The Peelers or even just the DJ at Red Rock Rocks Lounge.
5	Have seen these guys preform many times at Rock Lounge at Red Rock Hotel and on Fremont St. They are awesome. Such high energy, great talents with singers and band members. I always highly and with great confidence, recommend people see them while they are in Vegas.I marked good for kids.. on Fremont St yes.. their show at Red Rock starts about 11:30
5	Love..... Zowie Bowie they are good  performers and know how to include an audience into the concert and dance. Saw them in Phoenix when I was dating , my now husband,  haven't had that much fun in Phoenix since then. Looking forward to seeing them again at Red Rock tonight.
