5	I just completed my 4th class at polecats and I am hooked.  Every class I take I am amazed by the things I can accomplish and strength I never knew I had.  The trainers are amazing. Extremely helpful and encouraging! I am always looking for ways to make my workout fun and never boring.  Polecats has a little bit of everything to keep my workouts new and challenging. I have taken the aerial silks, the pole and the dancers workout thus far and I am looking forward to all the other classes they have to offer! Did I mention how much I LOVE Polecats??
5	I love PoleCats! They offer so many fun aerial fitness classes like Pole, Aerial Silks, Hoop/Lyra...and more. Ive always done weights in the gym, but playing on silks has changed my body..from my curves to strength and flexibility! I also tried hoop/lyra & am loving the challenge. At PoleCats I get to "play" while I workout! Thanks to Karley & Benji for opening such a fun & inviting space to learn, workout and play again!
5	I love going to Polecats for their intimate class sizes and skilled instructors.  Silks is my new obsession thanks to this studio!
5	I give Polecats 5 Stars. To keep it short it's a great environment, fun, clean, and non-stop learning.  I have done only four pole classes thus far and I feel like I have progressed so far! People can't believe how much I can already do! If you want to take a class where you actually learn to how to do your walk and spins in the first session then join polecats! I cannot wait to join their silks class.  Also, I forgot to mention I no longer need to attend my chiropractor sessions because the workouts they have us do actually help my back pain and also I no longer have migraines! I used to have daily migraines and ever since I started they have gone away!  Join polecats it's fun friendly and easily maintainable with your schedule and best of all it's affordable!
5	I've quite recently started taking classes here at Polecats. I have to say that this is by far the most fun that I have ever had working out. Ok, so I have spent the past 3 years quite ill. Long story short, I was very inactive during this time. I gained 30 pounds and I lost a lot of my body strength.  I have finally been given the ok by my Dr. to get back into exercising. I chose to try something that I felt would be both fun and physically challenging.  That led me here to Polecats. (I felt like the back story is necessary to understand my fitness level)I felt very intimidated and overwhelmed before my first class. I nearly didn't go because I was so worried that I wouldn't be able to handle it or that I would look absolutely stupid.  I must tell you that though my first class was challenging, I had an amazing time. The instructor was very helpful and encouraging. She helped me to start at a place that was right for my fitness level. She has been very encouraging and though I may not be up to speed with the rest of my class, I did not feel left out or discouraged. All of the other instructors that I have had were equally as nice to work with. I just wanted to share this because I know that for some women going to a new gym or starting a fitness class can be overwhelming. If that is something that you are dealing with then I think that this is absolutely the studio that you should try. I already feel more confident and I actually look forward to class.
5	I loved using this deal. I was able to go to an aerial class and try it before deciding what I wanted to do with the rest of the deal in regards to purchasing a membership or just taking a few classes.The environment was clean and open. Staff incredibly knowledgeable helpful and friendly. I loved the small class size (4-5) because of the individual attention I received and flexible teaching strategies for each students level. It was awesome to learn something new and such an accomplishment when I was able to climb to the top of the silk(:I bought a 10-class membership and plan on continuing learning silk but also going to other classes such as Pilates Zumba and Pole to learn other fun and different by activities (:
5	Really great place! I love the small class sizes - all 5 people in the class were at different levels and we all got personal attention.
5	I only took a class here to try it out since my yoga teacher recommended it.I wanted something a little different than then traditional yoga setting, so I tried the aerial hammock yoga class. It was very different indeed. The studio was very clean, they provide yoga mats but you could also bring your own, which I did. There were only three of us for the class and that was my yoga teacher and the instructor. Alas, my husband made me choose between this studio and my gym membership considering that I already had another yoga membership. Either way, the drop in fees are reasonable and the instructor was very helpful in getting me positioned correctly. If you're looking for something totally different, I'd give them a try. Class sizes are small and it's fun learning new things.
5	I have been a Polecats member for 6 months now I take pole classes and do the unlimited monthly membership. This works out to be the best value, it's surprisingly affordable considering all you're getting! There are 5 poles - they only use X-Pole which is the best brand. I highly recommend trying out this studio for your aerial fitness; I find it to be a really relaxed, comfortable and non- judgmental studio. I started here with many previous years of Pole training but had taken a 2 year 'Pole Hiatus' so I had lost a lot of my strength & ability. But thanks to awesome classes, motivation and care from Karley & Alexis It only took me a couple of months before I had fallen back in love with Pole and see strength and skills improve each week. I have to say that Polecats is especially perfect for absolute beginners with no experience taking that brave step to trying your 1st class simply because of the welcoming atmosphere, individual attention and approach to classes. No matter your size or age come try it! You might just find it changes your life. From the first moment I enquired I had a good feeling this studio was for me, that was mainly due to Benji's charming & very hospitable demeanor
5	I love coming to polecats. It feels like a family. The owners,Benji and Karley , have awesome personalities. They really care about their business , but even more about everyone that walks through the door. Karley is beyond talented and an excellent instructor. You will learn so much from her and the other teachers. If you're looking for a new hobby or a great workout , this is the place to be! - Heidi S
