5	The Dog Wash does a great job. We have 2 dogs and they both like going there. One of our dogs is older (13) and had trouble standing for a long time. They take great care of here there, and she is always happy to return home to us...clean and shaved!
5	These guys are great! I recently moved to California but when I was living in Tempe I would bring my 3 year-old Border Collie here at least once a month because I was traveling a lot on weekends. Jeanette, one of the owners, was so accommodating when I would need to pick my dog up at times outside of the usual pickup times. They always had a spot for him, even on a busy holiday weekend. I really liked how friendly the staff was and the fact that the dogs can run around all day without being cooped up until it was time to go to bed. Great place overall, I wish I could still bring Cisco there because boarding rates in San Diego are insane!
4	I went in today to use the self dog wash facilities with my 14 year old Cairn Terrier.  The staff is extremely nice and helpful.  The environment is overall very clean.  The place is a bit older and the tubs and equipment show wear.  The water is plenty warm and the pressure can go up to super high. The available shampoo and conditioner are hypoallergenic.  I decided to use my own shampoo since I prefer the smell.  Brushes are also provided, but again, I used my own.  The dryer has a super high blower motor, which removes the water, but doesn't use heat..  I had the staff trim the nails on my dog, they did a quick, gentle job. The dogs do roam freely in the sectioned off day care room.  There is a frequent customer punch card, if you buy five washes, the sixth is free.
4	I take my dog here mainly for boarding because the grooming seems a bit on the expensive side to me. With that said I really feel comfortable boarding her here. She's always excited to arrive there and seems comfortable with the employees which tells me that she is treated well while I'm away. Its actually the cheapest place I have ever boarded her and I really love that she's not just cooped up in a kennel the whole time. They have a little playroom for all the dogs to socialize and run around in during the day. Staff is friendly and obviously are pet lovers. My only complaint is that they are not open on Sunday or Monday which is generally when I need to pick my dog up. If I can't make it during the 1 hour pick up window on either of those days I have to wait until the next day. Not a huge deal but I miss my dog when I'm out of town and wish it was possible to always get her back as soon as I'm back.
5	Excellent and convenient Grooming Services! -They have a play area for the dogs, so you don't have to feel like you are dooming your dog to a cage after the bath. They do the nails, teeth, wash, anal glands, shave/trim/style/bow and even doggie cologne if you want. and  I've always been extremely pleased with how they've cared for my dogs.I've been taking my dogs here since 2009 when my friend (a professional dog handler for dog shows) referred me. They will do any style you like so you can walk out of there with a show-ready dog or any other style you prefer. My pekingese (who sadly passed) loved going there and would always behave as if he returned from a spa treatment. My Silky-terrier is impossible for me to groom on my own. Two people cannot hold him down; he fights at the sight or sound of scissors, clippers, and the buzzer. I don't know how they do it, but he always comes home looking great. I couldn't do it without them!My newly-adopted elderly Silky-maltise mix has been here for grooming twice so far. She's very old with thin sensitive skin, but they always take great care of her and she is obviously more comfortable after grooming. I wouldn't trust my dogs to anyone else.
1	After reading Yelp reviews, I was looking forward to washing my dog without flooding my bathroom. I went there about an hour ago........yuck, double yuck.The tub was so filthy I wouldn't put my worst enemy in it, let alone a dog that sleeps in my bed. I beat it out of there as fast as I could, but did notice a generally dirty, smelly, neglected shop.I guess the place has really gone down hill since the glowing reviews of last year. I cannot believe they are making a living with boarding and grooming in those conditions--I didn't hear a single dog sound although I was there mid-day.There was no sign of grooming equipment and shop windows were covered so you couldn't see in except the very front.The attendant did apologize, saying "I'm just a worker." I know she wasn't entirely at fault, but I can't understand why the owners would let the shop get to this point. Must be making their money on something else.Yuck--I felt like I needed a bath myself after just walking in the place...
1	First visit (and last one) was on Jan 23, 2013. I wanted my dog to get a bath. This business is nearby and had same day availability. I called the business at 1230pm and dropped her off at 130pm. I picked her up at 3pm and all appeared to be fine. However, at 440pm, I saw blood on her dog bed and after inspecting her body, I noticed that one of her toenails was bleeding. So, I went back to this business and Isabelle said "sorry, but your dog must have moved during the process." But I informed her many times when I dropped her off that I only wanted a bath for my dog and nothing else. She proceeded to place some 'ointment' on my dog's toenail but my dog kept trying to pull away from her. Finally, after a few minutes, I told Isabelle to stop but she only did after I said stop 3x.  My dog's toenail in question is cut about 1/4" shorter than the other ones and still is bleeding almost 4 hours after I picked her up.  The foul smelling odor inside this business is obnoxious and maybe should have been my third clue as to not trust my dog in their care. The first indication should have been their abundance of availability and my second clue should have been that they did not even ask for a rabies vaccination certification.   I'm sure that Isabelle feels bad about my and my dog's experience, but I do NOT recommend this place because of my experience. You and your dog have been warned.
2	I really would like to use this boarding place that is not too far off from me, also the bathing services would be nice. However the hours of operation are just not useful for people who have jobs. I called and asked if they were strict about the 5pm closing time and was told they were (many places, including Scottsdale Pet Hotel, Wiggles and Wags, and Smelly Dog are not). I cannot wrap my head around how I am supposed to drop my dog off and pick my dog up during the time that I am actually at work. The other places I deal with either will work with you or are open 7am to 7pm (y'know, reasonable times to drop off and pick up your pet on the way too/from work).I had hoped that perhaps the hours would expand in time, however they have not...oh well. Maybe some day the timing of this place will make sense.
1	The self wash is absolutely horrible. Dirty and smelled bad. Avoid.
5	I love this place! So does my dog, Stuart, once he's done being washed and gets a few treats from the friendly staff!My dog is about 70 pounds and bathing him at home is a serious hassle! I'm not comfortable taking him to a groomer because he warms up to other people VERY slowly and I don't think things would go well.I like The Dog Wash because they provide everything I need to wash him myself and not trash my bathroom at home: shampoo, conditioner, ear cleaner, towels, air dryer, etc.They have a bathtub with a convenient sprayer set up at a height so that I can stand up to wash my dog. There is a platform for him to hop up onto and then it's an easy hop up into the tub. There is a harness attached to the wall above the tub so that he won't try to jump out. And the entire room is waterproof!I've gone to a 'fancy-schmancy dog wash' before but I really didn't like it. Yea, they had cutesy little products and it was clean and in an upscale shopping center. But it was all one big room where my dog could see and hear all of the other dogs being washed. This was a HUGE distraction! Every time another dog made a sound my dog would get all nervous. At The Dog Wash I was in a private room by myself with just my dog. Nothing to distract him or make him nervous.Also, at the other place the tubs were stainless steel (very pretty) but any little bump and they would make a bunch of noise that further scared my dog.No, The Dog Wash isn't pretty. In fact, it's kinda run down looking. But it's convenient, clean . . . and it works for me (and my dog)!
4	I have used the self-wash here, and it is all about convenience! You take your dog in when you have time, they provide you with everything you need, and you only spend the time there that you need to wash your dog. I love being able to clog someone else's drain. The staff is very friendly and encourages you to spend time with your dog. They always tell me to 'make a mess!'They recently re-modeled the self wash area so it is much nicer than before. Only down side is cost. I was charged 20 dollars a few weeks ago (I do make quite a mess.) but for 5 dollars more I can get a groupon for a full grooming session elsewhere. Less convenient yes, but better value.
1	This was the first (and probably the last) time that I brought my dog Milo in for grooming.  When I first walked in, the facilities looked clean although the smell was very unpleasant. The lady that greeted us in the front was very friendly, but I was very concerned that she did not ask for proof of vaccinations and she immediately put Milo in a room with a bunch of other dogs. Milo gets very upset and nervous around other dogs so this made me worry about his safety. When i was asked what kind of cut I wanted for Milo I specifically said a short puppy cut, with a round face, and trimmed tail. Not only did she rush through the process, but I felt that she didn't take the time to understand what I was asking for or to explain to me what she had in mind for my dog. When I picked up my puppy, I was infuriated with the way he looked. He was completely shaved off, bushy ears, very blunt clipper lines, and a half shaved half bushy tail. I told her that I was very VERY unhappy with the way he looked, she said that that's what the teddy bear cut looked like (as she quickly swiped my credit card). I guess I will be taking my business back to Petsmart, I feel that the staff there takes the time to analyze Milo, make recommendations on what type of haircut is better for him, and they use visual aids to help me decide on the length of his hair.
1	I was pleasantly surprised to receive a call from the owner yesterday in regards to my experience at The Dog Wash. I explained what had happened during Milo's grooming visit and she offered a blameless apology. I find it very comforting to find people that can apologize for a situation instead of passing the blame along to the next person, even when they were not at fault to begin with. She informed me that the person who groomed my dog on Saturday is no longer with the company and she asked if I would be willing to give The Dog Wash another chance. I was hesitant, but because of her sincere and helpful customer service I decided to give it one more shot. I won't give it a 5 star rating just yet, I still have to say what Milo's hair will look like, but it is a step in the right direction.
5	I returned to The Dog Wash for a second chance and I am beyond pleased!! I am terrible TERRIBLE with names so I am sorry that I can't tell you exactly who greeted me when I first walked in the door, but she was very friendly. She called over the lady that would be grooming my Milo (Again, sorry I'm terrible with names) she took her time listening to me. I asked her to shave Milo but to leave his face round, I have severe allergies and needed to keep his hair extremely short to avoid dirt and grass getting stuck in it.  She explained very carefully that it would not be a "cute" cut and I was ok with it. Well, few hour later I came back to pick up my puppy and let me tell you, I don't know what she meant by not cute. His hair cut is perfect!! It is short, cute, there are no blunt lines throughout his cut, he smells fantastic, and he looks absolutely cute. The best part in all of this is that Milo didn't run to me when I came to pick him up, which means that he was happy and had a great time while at The Dog Wash. I will definitely be returning and I recommend The Dog Wash it to anyone who is looking for excellent customer service, grooming and care of they loving four legged babies.  Ps- I took a peak at their Self Wash stations and they are fantastic!!!
5	I have been using the Dog Wash for years. They take such good care of my animals. I have a Dog and a Mini Potbellied Pig that use their services. I have used their grooming services, which are excellent. In between grooms we use the self wash services. We even use the self wash services for our pet pig. The ladies who work there are very nice and help whenever we have a question. We have used the boarding services a few times. Our dog is always happy when we drop him off and pick him up. I know our pets are treated well here, at the Dog Wash. We highly recommend them for all of your pet's needs.
2	They are very friendly, I'm sure they are great groomers. I went in to use the self wash and I should have just done it at home. There is no grooming table, so you have to bend/hunch over to brush your dog. Very uncomfortable. If they are going to offer self grooming, they need to have grooming facilities for the customer to use.
5	I love bringing my dogs to the Dog Wash. They are so kind and patient with all my dogs. They first took care of my Oldest dog Gillie. Gillie just loved going to the dog wash and just hanging out. She was a big girl and they were so gentle with her. Than I adopted Emma and Lulu. Lulu is a sweet dog but afraid of a big crowd. Both Jeannette and Christine are wonderful with her. Thank you for taking such wonderful care of my pups. Kitty
