5	Yesterday was my first experience at a Primp and Blow. I've only had one other blowout at a different company so I was excited for my second experience. First of all, this a new location for Primp and Blow, the place was spotless, clean, and very welcoming. I got there about 15 minutes early and my hair stylist for the day was ready for me about five minutes after my arrival. I was paired with Morgan and thank goodness I was because she was AMAZING.Morgan was incredibly friendly and listed all the options available for me. If there was an extra charge on a service she was telling me about, she made sure to let me know. Next she took me over to get my hair washed. Getting my hair washed by Morgan was hands down one of best hair washes I've EVER received. She massaged my scalp, head, and neck whilst shampooing and conditioning it. It felt absolutely incredible, she could have put me to sleep! It felt like a solid 20 minutes of washing which was awesome. While I was getting my hair blow dried, she allowed me to read some magazines from one of their iPads which was really cool. She finished my hair, washing, and drying within an hour, just what I was hoping for. My hair felt and looked great as I walked out of the salon. I would highly recommend visiting this location and requesting an appointment with Morgan.
5	What a beautiful, clean and professional place to get your beauty on! Next time bringing my friends back for a girls day!! They offer great membership deals so you'll never have to style your own hair again!! Thank you Jeanette!
5	I went in for their Grand Opening party, and it was a pleasantly posh event.  They offered a wide selection of hors d'oeuvres (sushi, sandwich bites, chicken, fruits, veggies and dip, etc) and mini bundt cakes from Nothing Bundt Cakes.  There were vendors onsite and drink offerings from wine to water.  They offered deals on their memberships that evening as well.It's a beautiful salon and it was elegantly decorated for the holiday season.  Several TVs are suspended from the walls, so they're easily visible from wherever you may be positioned in the salon (aside from the wash bowls). I love the chairs at the wash bowls.  They are very comfortable and you may prop up your feet, if you wish.  A warm towel is placed under the nape of your neck. Very cozy! My hair was thoroughly washed and the 5-minute massage is absolutely my favorite part of the process.  It's so relaxing. I'm pretty sure that I snoozed off for a few minutes. When leaving the wash area, I noticed a small beverage cooler/case which was stocked with different sodas, juices and water.  I'm assuming they are complimentary for guests, but I wasn't thirsty so I didn't ask. I'll be sure to ask about it next time.The chairs at the styling stations are also very nice. The pillow makes them perfectly comfortable for me.  I got a blow dry plus a hot tool (flat iron), and my hair came out very silky and shiny.  Lovely job on my ethnic hair.  They used a new product (I don't recall the name of the brand) which was very light (as in it didn't weigh down my hair) and it smelled delightful. To top off the night, I left with an awesome goody bag, filled with all kinds of cool goodies. This Primp & Blow is in a very nice location along the up and coming High Street (near Desert Ridge) area. Street parking can be challenging during certain times.  I know there's a garage somewhere close, but I lucked upon a spot across the street.  I'll look for the garage next time.  This location is now the closest one to me so I do plan to frequent here.
