5	OM to the Mofo G! This Place Is In the Airport, And Boy I Tell You What...The Buttery Flaky Biscuit  And The Crispy Seasoned Chicken Fillet is Freakin' Awesome!!! I'd Say Skip The Fries If You Cant Get Them Hot From The Fryer. But Please Do Have The Sweet Tea, Its Great! I Cant Wait To Fly through Charlotte Again! MMMMM... Chicken Biscuits!!!
3	(2.5 stars)I haven't had Bojangles since the early-mid 1990s when I was on vacation in the South.  Bojangles is a fried chicken chain in the Southeast region that would be similar in style and menu to a Popeyes.Connecting through the Charlotte Airport on my way back to LA, I knew I was going to stop at Bojangles to give their chicken a try (this Bojangles is located in Concourse B of the US Airways terminal).  Bojangles may be fast food and a chain, but at least it is a regional chain and provides something different than other nearby airport eateries such as Burger King, Chili's, Quizno's, and KFC.There is a sign posted that says the food gets out within minutes of ordering (to capitalize on those commuters who have to get-it-quick-and-go).  They delivered on their promise because the food came out really quick (less than a minute).  Service was also friendly and efficient.  They also seemed well-staffed to handle peak times.  It looked like many travelers were choosing Bojangles for their layover dining destination.Their individual meals were not in the $5 range, but they were under $10 (which is not bad considering that airport food is often overpriced).  Family meals were also available.  I had three pieces of chicken (2 thighs and a leg) with one side (mashed potatoes and gravy) and a biscuit.The chicken was quite crispy on the outside.  Often, fried chicken at fast food places can be overly fatty or skimpy on the meat, but there was a good portion of chicken meat on the thighs.  The dark meat had the appropriate amount of fat, but it was not too fatty.  The chicken was also juicy.Unfortunately, the chicken was a little bit bland and I was expecting more kick.  Popeyes has a nice spiciness to their chicken, but Bojangles' chicken (on the other hand) could have used a little more heat and seasoning.  Honey and hot sauce were available, which helped give the chicken more flavor.  There was some greasiness to the chicken, but it was fried chicken after all (that is kind of a given).The mashed potatoes were similar to the mashed potatoes you would find at KFC.  Same taste with that signature texture that can only be described as not real-mashed-potato-like.  The gravy at Bojangles had a little more flavor than KFC.  I'm fine with KFC mashed potatoes so I thought this side was okay.The biscuit was large and had a nice, crunchy golden brown top.  Unfortunately, the biscuit was quite dry.Airport food is often average quality, overpriced and the same everywhere.  I still can't figure out how there seem to be Cinnabons at most of the country's airports when they are so hard to find elsewhere.   Since Bojangles is a regional chain, I think it would definitely be worth trying if you are a fan of fried chicken and have some time to kill at the Charlotte Airport.(Irrelevant Note) I sat next to NFL QB Jimmy Clausen on the airplane back to LA and I was surprised that there were not many people in Charlotte who recognized him--especially considering that he was the Carolina Panthers' top draft pick just a few weeks ago.
4	I don't think I would ever give a fast food chain 5 stars, but if I did this would be it. I'm kind of glad they don't have these up North because I would probably give myself a coronary by eating there way too often. I love their fried chicken. The spice is perfect. The biscuits are light, fluffy and buttery. Those two items alone are mouthwatering and worth going there for. I liked the dirty rice, mashed potato with gravy and cole slaw too. My son is a big sweet tea fan and said it was really good. Every time I go south I check their locations to see if there's one close enough to go to so I can get more.
1	we are familiar with Popey's (West coast version of this restaurant) so we thought, great! Landed late at the airport, let's go get some of their famous Dirty Rice, Fried chicken and fixings.  When we finally reached the order box at the drive through order station, the young lady's voice kept cutting in and out of the speaker.  We thought :"well there must be something wrong with the microphone or their speaker box and continued on to pay. As we reached the payment window a man was at the window asking for $7 for the supreme meal, we said, "no, we ordered the 12pc chicken with dirty rice, you know your supreme package with all the fixings.  He walks away waves his hand and yells at someone to come take the order right, this young african american comes up, asks why we dont want the supreme meal box and continually shuts the service window on us as we are trying to tell her we ordered the family meal. She turns around slams the window shut again and throws her hands up and walks off with this attitude!  Never comes back or to tell us what the price of the meal is going to be...she just abandoned us at the pick up window!  We have never been to this side of the state before....is this how you all treat your customers? No wonder Disney World is making a killing in this side of the woods!  There's got to be better employees than this...Suffice it to say we will NEVER eat at your restaurants in this area if your employees are this horrible to their customers.  We will not frequent any of your businesses here because of your poor training methods.
4	Very quick..not quite as good as outside airport but still pretty darn tasty
4	Bojangles is my once or twice a month guilty pleasure. When It comes to the biscuits, Bojangles is the best of any other fast food place. The biscuits are large, fluffy and golden brown. My two favorites are the cajun flllet and the steak and egg. The sweet tea is very good, being just sweet enough without being to overly sweet. Great coffee as well.The chicken and sides are also very good. I always get mine cajun (hot), with dirty rice as my side.Most Bojangles I have visited are clean and the staff is friendly.Can't eat here to often because of the ol' waistline, but I do look forward to the times I do eat here!
4	We stopped at a Bojangles off Rte 95 in South Carolina on the way back from the Orange Bowl. Just as yummy as the other times. Boy, I wish they would expand up North even though it would make keeping my weight down even more difficult.
4	Maybe it was because I came in late, or because it's the South, but service here seems a bit slow.The sweet tea dispenser was empty when I came in too, but they filled up my cup when I asked. The chicken is excellent though. I don't like how they guard the ketchup behind the counter, but they will give it to you if you ask.When I flew out of CLT, everything was in good shape.  Tea tanks were full, so I was able to drink my 4th or 5th cup of diabetes(sweet tea) - take that bloomberg - without feeling like I was being judged.
1	First time , last time. stopped  by the drive thru for some quick food.  Someone in the family ordered a chicken wrap and that item made it a 20 minute wait.  No big deal, we are back home in Florida and Bojangles in non-existent here.
5	Bojangles is always a must visit for me when I am in the South.   Their spicy bone-in chicken is the best of all the chains. They really set themselves apart with their breakfast.  Their cajun filet biscuit and their steak biscuit are absolutely delicious.  The biscuits are nice anf buttery and soft.  I usually eat half the sandwich together and then have the rest of the biscuit by itself with some jelly.The reason for my review today, though, is because of the service I received.  I also love their dirty rice, but it is not usually available at breakfast.  That was the case this morning - no problem.  As I was on my way to my table - the woman behind the counter calls over to me and says thay they just brought the rice out and here is a side.  She could have not done that and I would not have been the wiser. That kind of above and beyond service deserves to be rewarded - nice work Bojangles.
