3	Do you like ice cream and want to have fun with it?  Grab a cup or cone at Cold Stone and you'll have fun getting the ice cream as much as you will eating it.  When I lived on Guam they opened one in the mall, and this place had long lines all the time.  I finally gave in and grabbed a cup of ice cream, and the entire experience was like a mini show.Here in the states it's almost the same. Some shops will sing when you tip and some don't, so location and ownership changes the level of entertainment you do get.  This particular one doesn't sing, but they are very friendly and fast.  Service is never a problem at any of the Cold Stone locations here, song or no song.In terms of the ice cream, it's creamy, thick, and rich.  If you're diabetic, take your shot or pill before you come here.  They don't hold back on the milk fat or sugar.  Great variety of flavors are available all the time, and seasonal as well.  They have standards that they can make and mixes that they do, but you can definitely make your own mix.  I personally order Cake batter with whipped cream mixed in, or chocolate with whipped cream mixed in.  My niece loves bubble gum with gummy bears, m&m's, fudge sauce and marshmallows. They have nice, huge waffle cones for an extra charge, some chocolate dipped with or without sprinkles, so take your pick. Cold Stone is fun and a great treat for kids.  I still like going here when I'm in the mood for lots of ice cream done my way.  If you're looking for a rich, large scoop of ice cream to treat yourself, stop by at Cold Stone.  It's delicious and fun.
5	Love it here! There's so many things to do with ice cream and the staff is super helpful.
5	I loved this place.  Past tense, as it's closed.  I didn't even know you could run a Cold Stone out of business, but much like the ESPN Zone on the Strip, it is inexplicably gone forever.
5	Clean store and great service. I had to drive way out of my way to find a Cold Stone that had waffles cones in stock, yup my craving was that serious that day.
