5	Dude, I didn't want to go to Lens Crafters.  I'd only ever gone to eye doctors you had to make appointments for and gotten designer glasses.  I didn't want to go replace my Salvatore Ferragamos with some knockoff brand.  But, I'd decimated my Ferragamos beyond repair.  I couldn't see.  I needed glasses, well, in about an hour.  That, plus my insurance covered it.I was pleasantly surprised.  I was in and out of the exam quickly with my new prescription in hand, and I actually had to take pictures of myself in about 6 different pairs of glasses and message them to my best girlfriend to choose them.  I liked SO many!  They carried a lot of lines that I liked, and although they didn't have the same Ferragamos, I ended up with a pair I loved.I had to go back to get glasses recently, and I went to Lens Crafters again.  Same thing - in and out quickly, and I left the mall with a pair of Dolce & Gabbanas that look like they're from a boutique, but I paid a little less than retail for them.  Superawesome.
1	BOOOOO! HISSSSSSS! I called this place up and asked how much an eye exam was, guy on the phone quoted me $78 (he worked at the Lenscrafter, not at the Optometrist) - when at my appointment they tell me basic eye exam is $94 - wah?! They said that the doctor and the Lenscrafter store are not affiliated with one another(even though they are in the same store) - I understand how there was a miscommunication, but they needs to coordinate with each other better....this along with being made to wait almost 45 minutes before being seen mades me grumpy and surly, so I threw a tantrum and left for the Vision Center at Walmart where I was treated much much better, eye exam there was $65 (just for glasses, for contacts it's an additional $30) not to mention the frames at Walmart were much less expensive (some less than half the cost) plus I just walked in without an appointment and had to wait less time than I did at Lenscrafters with an appointment!I won't ever go into another Lenscrafters again, I'll stick with Walmart
1	I have been waiting one month for my glasses. The first time they came in they were broken, I was told they would expedite the next pair. I still have not heard from them. I just called to talk to the manager and was told that he was in a meeting and that if I didn't hear from him today that I should call him back in the morning. This is the first time that I have purchased glasses from anywhere other than Costco. So far I am anything but impressed. I will take my lumps, but will never purchase from Lenscrafters again.
5	Great friendly and helpful people. Plus I like the fact that I got my glasses in an hour. 100 times better and friendlier then Pearl Vision on Marks Street.
1	I came here once to buy one of my eyeglasses and the service (like about 7 years ago) were very helpful.However, I came back a couple of weeks ago to see if they can get one of my eyeglasses fixed and just wanted to ask a question. And they were completely rude and I didn't even get to finish my question and the person that helped me just said "No, we do not fix that!I was surprised by this encounter and was kind of offended.  (maybe because i wasn't buying an eyeglass frame from them).  The only Pro i would say is that they do have a great selection of high-end frames!but Im pretty hesitant on going back there again even though they have a frame that I really liked.LOL.
2	Selection of eye wear is pretty good. The prices are affordable for your basic frames.  Designer and higher end better quality ones cost alot more though. The prices for the lenses is where they hit you. I still had to pay an additional $325 for my designer frame n lens since I got anti-reflective, anti glare and thinner lenses.  I had priced other places that carries eye wear and LC charges the most, but I'm tied down here since this is the only place that my insurance covers.   Service here is fine when it came to purchasing my frames.  You may have to play the waiting game here because they focus on one customer at a time and if there are more customers vs employees to help expect a wait.  Some of the eye wear can be made on the premises, some they have to ship to the lab if they don't have it in stock to fit your frame.   I checked with the eye wear specialist and mine could be done in house and ready in 45 minutes. Well all that went smoothly, got my glasses, was happy, end of story...NOT....Six months later one side of my the nose pads of my Chanels was getting discolored.  I went back into LC to see if it can be replaced. Unfortunately mine couldn't since mine just happen to be the most expensive designer frames they don't carry the special nose pads for my frame.  What??  Well who does then?..What do I do? Ended up walking out with no suggestions whatsoever.   Now nine more months have gone by and the reflective coating on one side is peeling.  Went back in couple weeks ago and got the "too bad so sad" attitude and was told I would have to pay additional to replace lens.  So I'm pretty peeved about not only about the price but just the attitude and treatment of their sales staff here. They're fine when they see $$ but after that they wont give you the time of day.
1	HORRIBLE MANAGEMENT!!! when I bought my glasses they offered the insurance, which I bought, and they said should anything happen to my glasses they would be replaced. Needless to say Cheryl did not disclose the copay and here I am paying for my replacement glasses. When we told the manager that she never explained the copay, which she never did, he state multiple times WELL  LIKE I SAID I WASNT HERE WHEN THE TRANSACTION OCCURRED SO I WOULD HAVE TO ASK HER AND SEEING AS SHE HAS BEEN ONE OF MY LONG TIME EMPLOYEES I KNOW SHE DID EXPLAIN IT AND GO WITH WHAT SHE SAID.  We will be filing a BBB complaint. Do yourselves a favor folks and go somewhere else where there is some sort of customer service or at least to another lenscrafters where they actually treat you with respect and don't give you the ITS THIS WAY OR THE HIGHWAY option.
5	This was great.  Went in on a Sunday without an appointment and just over 2hours later walked out with an eye exam and new glasses.  All the staff was great and very helpful
5	This was my second visit and it will not be my last. A totally professional and customer oriented business.From start to finish this was an excellent experience.I thoroughly recommend them to you all.
1	don't get your eye exam here. The staff is very friendly as they rip you off with fee after excessive fee, on top of any insurance coverage you may have. They may even suggest financing. You should not need to get financing to get an eye exam.
4	Service is slow, BUT  one of the few places in town that can get same day glasses for higher prescription lenses after noon.  PLUS they have a $30 one year warranty where they will replace/fix the glasses up to three times in one year.  Huge deal since Frame Fixers charges $55 to repair!  And they offer a straight 50% off everything for kids 12 and under, then give you the paperwork to submit back to your insurance if you are out of network.
1	I knew within 5 seconds of walking in for my scheduled appt I should've walked out. The first guy I encounter was rude. He sent me over to "her". She was overwhelmed helping 2 people at a time. When I called over a week ago to make the appt they told me to go online to fill out my paperwork. I did. This morning when they handed the stack of papers to fill out I told her I already filled out my paperwork online a week ago. "Oh, well, we can't find any of that."  Oh, well, I guess you shouldn't tell people to fill it out online then because that takes time and everyone doesn't love to spend their time filling out paperwork 2 times. So then she tries to up sell me on every aspect of the exam. I've worn contacts for 20 years and have an exam yearly. I'm pretty sure I don't need the lesson on how to install my contacts. She wanted me to pay over $250 ON TOP  of my 2 insurances!!  But, she was going to cut me "a sweet deal on my contacts!"  Give me a break!  I walked out before the exam started. But like is said I should've followed my instincts and walked out as soon as I walked in!
5	My eye examiner was Dr. Efrem Prado and he was very thorough, pleasant, and just plain nice! He was a delightful experience!
1	Just pass this place by. Made an appointment at the counter gave the snippy lady at the counter my insurance card. Was told they could get me in tomorrow or I would be a walk in today? Can you get me in today? No you would be a walk in. Ok whatever must be having a stupid day. Booked for tomorrow then was told my portion is 79.00 for the exam. What? we have a new provider but that is like a 50 dollar jump from what I'm use to paying. That is with my insurance. So I leave turn around snippy lady gone I cancel my appointment decide some investigating needs to be done. Following day I call eyemed our provider copay for exam is 15.00 what the heck? was the appointment for contacts they ask. No it was not I made it clear I just wanted a standard eyeglass exam. So if the appointment is 79.00 I'm sure the price of my glasses will be 400. I did tell eyemed they quoted me 79.00 and filed a formal complaint with them.Also as I was scanning the lol lol 5 star reviews beware yelpers these ratings have been written by people who have only ever done 1 review. Really? I find the 5 star reviews of LensCrafters a bit suspect.
4	Friendly staff and great selection of eyewear. I enjoyed my visit and the optometrist was very professional.
5	I've been to this location in the past.  Great service and equipment.  I will definitely be going back.  I have recommended Lenscrafters to others based on speed, thoroughness, explanation of benefits, and selection (although not as varied at the Henderson location).
2	Sitting here waiting, waiting, waiting to be seen by a doctor. Staff have taken my husband back a few times but then they just deposit us back out in the waiting room. Plenty of bored staff milling around but apparently no doctor (or ridiculously over scheduled). I only gave this place 2 instead of 1 because some of the staff were friendly. Recommend avoiding this place!
5	Nice staff, good doctors and ample selection of frames. Will definitely return next year.
5	Dr. Kelli McLaughlin fitted my RGP's and could not have done a better job. She took the time to make sure I had the best fit and that my seeing ability was the best it could be. These are most comfortable contacts I have ever worn to date. The staff was friendly, attentive and on-time. ( A big plus for me) I will go back gladly for follow-ups as needed.
5	I have had many eye tests and examinations over the years, but this was the most thorough examination I have ever received. Personal skill and modern technology were combined to make me feel very confident that my prescription is the right one.I fully recommend this office.
5	Super easy and quick. Doctor shared lots of information about my eyes and tests. Glasses done in an hour!!
