1	Love kitchen stores, so I went up to Madison to redeem a groupon and check this store out. Really disappointed in the selection of items and also the fact that they will not honor this Groupon. I have to believe that Groupon has something in place to tell the retailer to expect people to buy! Poor customer service... and a pretty bad strategy to tick off new customers and have them leaving empty handed. I was looking for expensive cookware and they would have had enough to offset the small discount. Madison is pretty full of choices beyond this out of the way neighborhood. I won't be back.
4	The very best shops in Madison feel personal.  The Kitchen Gallery, a rare retail shop on Willy St., is one such place; the owners have clearly curated items that they know and love, and have created an oasis for anyone who loves baking, cooking or entertaining  with a well-appointed kitchen.  If that is you, then you will undoubtedly recognize many of the lines carried here, from cutlery to crockery, cookware, bakeware, stoneware, utensils, and serving ware.  Everything is nice and the store is charming.  Contrary to a reviewer below, I can report that prices are actually quite competitive and reasonable - and are, in fact, comparable or lower than Williams-Sonoma, such as on the Emile Henry pie dish I looked at today.  Every time I have dropped in on the Kitchen Gallery, they've had what I needed in an "instant gratification" sort of way.  Salad spinner?  Yep.  Tiny tartelette tins?  Indeed.  Cheese serving plates for a last-minute dinner? Mmhmm. A serious kitchen apron for a gift for a serious cook?  Got that, too - and at only $17.It is a pleasure to have such a cute little store in this neighborhood.  Just down the street from the Willy St. Co-Op, it is walkable, bikeable, busable and driveable and is a great option to keep you from having to make a trip to West Town Maul, or even to Orange Tree, whose prices are higher and whose lack of organization and generally cluttered feel have bugged me over the past years.Give the Kitchen Gallery a try, especially if you're in the Willy St., Atwood or other Isthmus/Near East Side neighborhoods, or would simply like to patronize a local spot for your cooking needs.  They are wheelchair-accessible with ramp access into the store.
5	The Kitchen Gallery is a fabulous small-shop.  I am a regular customer, as I live in the neighborhood and prefer to shop local.  The staff is knowledgeable, friendly, and willing, nay, excited, to help.  Each piece is handpicked, so one won't find 20 different brands of the same melon scoop.  I have purchased several knives from the Kitchen Gallery, as well as many last minute serving platters and utensils (very reasonable prices) and hard to find gifts (their selection of coffee mugs, including french-press mugs is outstanding).  I will certainly keep coming back.
4	If you believe in buying stuff that will last you a lifetime vs. cheap throwaways from target, this is the place for you. A little more money up front, but you'll have the guidance to quality products that in the end is better for the earth.
5	Excellent, unique, hard to find, top quality hard goods for those who love great food. Staff was impressively knowledgeable, professional and pleasant. Tip? Just be aware, Williams-Sonoma will never be the same for you again.
5	Love The Kitchen Gallery, wonderfully pleasant and knowledgeable staff. Being knowledgeable myself I asked questions to see if I would be pointed in the direction of the most suitable item for my needs or one that would make them more money. Happily they have always helped me find the most economical choice for my needs, and can clearly explain the small perks that can be expected with pricier options. I wish they would carrier more specialty (not available at major bookstores) cookbooks, so it would be one less thing for me to order online. **More small specialty baking dishes please**
5	I've grown to love cooking over the past few years, and with that comes a taste and appreciation for quality cookware and kitchen must-haves.  Until about a year ago I only knew of Orange Tree Imports on Monroe Street for locally-owned shop, until I stumbled upon the Kitchen Gallery online when searching for a Le Creuset vendor.  I am officially in love with this store!  The staff are so extremely helpful and education on every product I've asked about...not to mention they always seem to have just the item I'm looking for.  I was recently on the hunt for a specific Peugeot pepper mill, of which they make many, and stopped in last weekend to find two of the exact ones on the shelf...score!  They will also have great specials on All Clad pieces...I think all they're missing is cooking classes!  Love this place!
5	I want everything.Every time I go. That's a good sign, right? Worth noting.... there's an awesome selection of useful gadgets and gizmos, many priced under ten bucks. This is a great place to stock a kitchen with add-ons and extras, inexpensively but with great quality products!
5	They have awesome cook's tools. (You know that.)They have frequent sales on All Clad. (You probably knew that.)They have quirky and fun gadgets for under $10. (Did you know that?)And now... I feel like it's worth mentioning that these guys have an incredible cookbook collection. Whether you're attempting Asian, fancy something French or just want to go basic with a book that has simple steps (and in my case pretty pictures) these guy are sort of a one stop shop for rad recipes bound between a cover. And what's more, they're always adding to the collection when something new and noteworthy is published. I've often visited the Kitchen Gallery needing a cookbook for a gift, and when I can't pick one, these friendly folks are able to tell me extensive info about each and cool background stories that help me make a decision. "This one was written by so and so who owns such and such in Chicago" and "This was was authored after so and so went to such and such and fell in love with the culture." It might be easy to aim for Amazon, but supporting a local business and learning cool info if far more exciting to me shopping on my laptop. AND, heading to Kind Street is a heck of a lot faster than UPS, even if you have Prime.
5	How did I not even know this store existed?  I was killing time before an appointment, saw the signage, wandered in & suddenly appeared in heaven.  Granted, I  spent $1.06 on a cookie cutter today ONLY because I left my cards at home for some much needed rest but will definitely be back for gifts... and more importantly, myself.  Lovely staff, lovely store, could have spent hours lovingly looking over the fabulous cook book selections if I didn't have to run.
5	Ugh. Gimme everything.I love wandering this store and lusting after the possibility of just owning it all. I love the way the store is laid out: neat enough that it looks pristine and everything is visible, but full enough that you feel like the spice racks and french presses are embracing you and telling you they'll never let you go. The ultimate cooking porn experience.
4	We have family in Madison who turned us on to the Kitchen Gallery a few years ago...All I can say is, whenever we do come here, we wind up leaving with a shopping bag! This is the kind of place you feel happy to spend your money in- it's local, it's low pressure, the service is knowledgeable and friendly and they seem to have a bit of everything. Another plus is that it's not overwhelmingly big, like some stores. The only downside is that it's a bit pricey-- not unreasonably so, given the quality of the merchandise, but it's hard not to be able to buy everything you like, especially when so few stores have the items you need and want. We were here last weekend for a new bread cutting board, which we found (made in the US- bonus) and then spotted a clear glass bowl made in France. I'd been looking for such a bowl for my popcorn but it has so many other uses that I may wind up going back and getting two. Prior to this visit, we've bought tea towels and butter knives and all manner of doodads. You can spend a little or a lot- but you're always treated well. One note- they are only open until 3 p.m. on Sundays.
1	Used to like this store, but then I discovered their ZERO TOLERANCE RETURN POLICY!  Have always liked to support the local family owned business, and so would choose to overpay for nice items in this store, just to be supportive.  Then I bought an $11 pizza cutter, which basically would not cut pizza, and was completely unusable.  Stopped back the next day for what I thought would be a simple return.  The manager Steven said they cannot accept merchandise back in their store.  He even used the example that if I bought a hot-dog and didn't like it I couldn't return it.  Ohhhh-K.  Thought I was dealing with a 5 year old.  Owner Katrina echoed the same sentiment and claimed "No Returns!".  Five bucks profit in Katrina's pocket is evidently more important than a happy customer.  Ugh, I'll just go back to the big-box stores.  Note that you can find anything in this place on Amazon or Bed-Bath, and you'll be treated much better.No returns for you!!  NEXT!UPDATE: 7/19/2014This wasn't a case of the owner not liking the pizza slicer, this was a 1 day old slicer that didn't slice.  The receipt says "defective products will be handled on an individual basis".  I'm not sure what drives that decision, as both manager and owner refused to even look at this product to determine or acknowledge that there could be a problem with it.  A broken cheese slicer? OK.  Broken pizza slicer?  No.  I guess buyer beware is the word of the day here.
5	I love the Kitchen Gallery.  The staff is a delight - welcoming and knowledgable!  It is a beautiful shop and has something for everyone.
4	Unlimited shopping spree at this place and my life would be made.They've got the kitchen staples and the crazy awesome gadgets that you never knew existed. I bought a new springform pan from here in prep for the cheesecake I planned on making and the pan wa not only reasonably priced, but it was sturdy and made one delicious cheesecake. It's all in the pan and the pan rocked it.Service is lovely as well. The workers allow you to peruse the shop at your leisure, but are readily there to assist. Love.
