4	I don't think I could feel complete without a pet in our family.!!!We have two pups and a cat, so I frequent PetSmart quite often. They have the best selection of dog treats, we like to use the dental sticks which helps control tartar and helps with stinky breath! They work! Plus the boys really love them. As for Klaus our cat she loves the grass they sell there. Service is always friendly and the return policy rocks! I purchased two Kong balls and the boys fought over them constantly, I had to return them - they were great! No problem, I received store credit, but I didn't mind. This PetSmart also has a Banfield Pet Hospital, Pet Hotel , Grooming and Doggie Day Care. It's a nice to have sooooo many options  close to home.
5	Helpful employees, healthy fish, and great prices. Great news for those of us out in the sticks!
4	Good selection on pet products. Fish seem to live well. Dog treats are more expensive then Wal-Mart. The dog day camp and kennel have been fantastic for my larger size dog.
5	We walked in and there were 3 younger looking employees chattin it up. Didn't acknowledge us. We went to the aisle we were looking for and there was a group partaking in dog training. I felt nervous, perhaps we'd distract the canines, but they were fine. When we went to check out the cashier was really nice and engaging. I'm definitely going to be returning because it's so close but if you're looking for a warm fuzzy place, this isn't it. Store is clean though!
1	I would actually put 0 stars if it would allow.  This review is strictly about the grooming salon (not the rest of the store).  I would never return to this pet groomer due to the lack of people skills and customer service received several times by one employee "Michelle".  She is very rude and argumentative.  She does not listen to the needs or concerns of the customer.  She "scoffs" at your while talking to her or when you correct information she repeatedly gives you that is incorrect.  We have been using Petsmart for months, but I will tell you after the service and treatment rendered today (as well as another issue on a phone call a few weeks ago with Michelle), we will terminate our relationship with this groomer.  We have had great groomers in the past... but it seems that the turnover rate is so high, you don't get the same groomer twice.   I would look for a more personable company to leave your dog with.  Even with an appointment time, it can be anywhere from 1 hour to 5 hours... you will never know.   Apparently they use "block scheduling"- we dropped off for our appointment at 10:30a, only to get a call at 12:41p and they hadn't even started the dog yet.  So your dog is sitting in a kennel for hours "until they get around to them".  Find a groomer that takes appointment times seriously and doesn't waste your day waiting around for when your dog might be done.
1	Follow up to my previous review -Petsmart hires untrained groomers Please readLink below:http://www.dogingtonpost.com/dog-dies-after-being-groomed-at-petsmart/Do not take your dog to petsmart groomers.  Find someone you trust.
5	Did a great job taking care of my dog recently!  She was with them for only 3 days, but the staff seemed to really know her little quirks. The Pawgress Report was so cute and really described my dog to a T!! Great experience.
5	They have the best crickets.  I've never tasted one. I'll have to trust that my son is telling me the truth when he says the crickets are DELICIOUS!  Ask for egg crate.
4	Miss Emma LOVES LOVES LOVES spending her days at PetSmart! Grooming is so nice . You can wait and watch your pet get groomed . Also cage free grooming available!
