4	Clean, well organized store, and the staff there is very helpful.  Marlin is the man.  Suit up!
1	Clean and spacious arrangement, however, customer service is VERY poor here. Was promised pant alternations would be done by certain time but when called they were still working on them. Was leaving on extended trip and wanted to have the pants so rushed in a few hours later to pick up. Since this was now very close to my departure, I was in a huge hurry. Had already paid so literally just needed to be handed my pants and on my way. However, with two guys working both were busy and did not even acknowledge my presence as  I stood there and circled around for 10 minutes. Not a peep. No "will be right with you" or anything. Finally grabbed one guy off of phone and got my pants and was out of there. But after this experience I would NEVER shop at Jos A Bank's again. I'm used to "Nordstrom" (and independent clothier) customer service. And this was far, far from it. Very unprofessional!
2	Ok, so I got suckered into checking this place out one day because of their Buy 1 get 2 FREE TV commercial.  After hearing it 100x on TV, it finally got to me and I had to check it out.There's a large selection of suits.  They're made from a variety of places around the world....Mexico, India, Southeast Asia....and the quality ranges form OK to poor.The OK quality suits were severely overpriced at $1100....yes, that's right, $1100.  Ok, so that means the Buy 1 get 2 free really means 3 suits for $1100....that's if you're on the ok end of the quality scale.  The poor quality suits are priced around $400....so that's $133 per suit on the low end of the scale.  Well, forget that.....I can get better suits elsewhere.I just couldn't get myself to pay that kind of money.  I'd rather have 1 very nicely tailored Italian suit for $1100 than some ok tailored suit from some other country.  Well, they got me in the store, but couldn't close the deal.  Return Factor - 1%
1	Sad, just plain sad.  The salesperson was kind of rude.  Nothing overt but far from friendly.  I was shopping for a sport coat and they had zero in my size.  Ok, I'm not tiny Tim but no 54s?  I too was suckered in by the buy one get 3 free.  Well, not if there is nothing that fits.  Went to Men's wearhouse across the parking lot who had a huge selection to choose from and a friendly and helpful staff.  Two coats being tailored now.
