1	It's Taco Bell...A fast food chain...How anti-Yelp of me. I may even get a talk thread all about me as an example of all things wrong with Yelp..But I eat TB alot and frankly each deserves a different rating so why not give it a go? If you need your fix of burrito with fillings from a caulking gun I would reccomend you drive to the next TB since they are on every corner and this one is sub par. My half pound cheesy bean burrito weighed nowhere near a half pound and while I can't figure out which layer was missing there were definately only 6 layers in my 7 layer burrito. There is a Del Taco across the street; what was I thinking?On the plus side when I say alot of fire sauce, I mean it and they complied.
3	The food is gonna be what the food is gonna be, you know that.So I judge a FFchain on a few things.Is it clean.Are they friendly.Do they fahqew in the drive thru?This Taco Hell scores consistently mediocre on all counts, except that they are quite friendly.It is refreshing to pull into the drive thru, and even if there were a line of cars ahead of you, to hear the mechanical voice in the box say, "Hi, How are you?"...and then pause for an answer!They do it all the time, so must be made to say it, but it always seems sincere.  It catches you off guard at first, but now I have grown to really dig the tone it conveys.  I don't think that the couple of seconds it may delay the order is a big deal at all, compared to the warm fuzzy feelings I get when I respond, "I'm fine. How are you?"...and get a genuine response back.I'm not here that often, but more since they demolished the Del Taco across the street to build a CVS freestanding location (good call, since the strip mall CVS in that shopping ctr is gross).I have noticed that there are several employees that seem to have stuck around and worked here for well over a year, maybe two -- good sign when you're judging a FFchain, since turnover = non-caring employees.So in summary:It's clean enough.They're quite friendly.They haven't yet fahq'd me in the drive thru.Edited:Meh for food.Yay! I'm a fan for friendliness.According to my personal rating system that's much too complicated to show here, this equates to an A-OK overall.
2	The food sucks but I buy it because I go for the Strawberry fruitista which are SOOOO good.  But this month they blew in 3 times.  Machine broken, out of stawberries, machine frozen up. Guess I have to call before I go to make sure I can get a fruitista.
3	I have to say I have a love hate relationship with Taco Bell. I love the food and hate it when they get my order wrong! My bean burrito had some other "bonus" ingredients this time (a little beef and lettuce). I LOVE the Baja Blast Mountain Dew!! Hey Pepsi... did you guys put crack in the Baja Blast?? I wish I could buy it off the shelf, but alas I guess I'll continue to brave Taco Bell for my fix!
5	This location has friendly service , and great food. To top it off , they have wifi. So stop writing hateful reviews everyone , gosh. Makes me so tired. Just enjoy the food and stop being jerks.
1	Worst location ever! I just moved around the corner from this particular TB and am very unsatisfied with the service. The people are relatively nice but the speed of service sucks. It always takes at least 15 minutes to get your food in the drive thru and it is usually ice cold once I drive the 3 minutes to my house.(edited below 4/23/13)The other issue I have i that every time I have visited this location, they get my order wrong. Not just a little wrong, completely wrong. Today the store manager came to try and help the incompetent employee mess up my order. I decided it was time to speak up, She never said sorry, acted offended that I was giving her negative feedback about her store, and proceeded to talk down and mock my concern.  I was so upset that I banged on the window and demanded my money back. I drove 15 minuted to the next closest TB. NEVER AGAIN!!!!!
3	The "fast" in fast food apparently doesn't apply here.  I was on my way home from work,  appx 9:30 Friday night. The drive thru was busy,  so I went inside.  I was one of 2 customers inside when I went,  and the other had already ordered before I arrived. There was no acknowledgement,  and it took forever to get my order (combo #2 - grilled stuft burrito and a taco).  I don't understand why it was so slow either. .. There were 5 employees just within my line of sight. As a matter of fact,  I've been able to type this entire review so far as I wait for my food... From a clumsy phone keyboard. I realize Taco Bell isn't typically considered fine Mexican cuisine,  but the service wasn't great,  even by their own standards.Update: I am going back and increasing this review to three stars, because even though the service wasn't the best, the food was good when I got it. I think this location has a lot of room for improvement though, at least on the service side of things.
2	I love Taco Bell food. However, I hate this location, because although they make your food very quickly, it lacks quality. Also out of all the times I've been here, I've received my burritos undercooked and still cold about half the time. They do a great job of fixing their mistakes, but if they would take a few extra seconds, this mistake wouldn't happen as often.
