5	Fantastic groomer.  My 100 lb English lab Arthur loves the pampering he gets here.  They treat him like one of their own.  Great friendly service.
5	Amy and her staff are fantastic to their customers and their owners. This is a locally owned business and that is another reason I take my Maltese to them. I love supporting small business owners!
5	Just took my dog Izzy to Hair of the Dog and she loved it.  The business owner Amy is a true dog lover and her little store in front of the grooming station is so cute and full of fun little doggie accessories.  Izzy is a rescue dog so she needs extra TLC during her grooming and they were really gentle with her and put a cute bow on her collar at the end.  Everything went great and I was very happy with the service, pricing, grooming, and the products I purchased.  Highly recommend. ~  Kim
5	I take my 4 dogs to Hair of the Dog and will never go anywhere else.  Amy and her staff are top notch.  From the minute you walk in, you pick up a great vibe.  They truly love dogs.  My dogs are always well-groomed and happy at pick up.   I highly recommend Hair of the Dog.
5	I took my dog there recently for a summer shave down and she came out looking so much better than expected.  She is a bit scared of new places and people, but they reported back that she did good and she seemed to be pretty happy with her new do when I picked her up.  The price was great and I look forward to continuing to take her there in the future.
4	Great people, great grooming, great prices.  What else does one need?  My dog actually gets all excited to go here, and he comes back so cute and well done!  Amy's so sweet and obviously a dog lover.  Once or twice it seems that either this has been forgotten or maybe just wasn't finished - the ever so fun hair plucking from ears of a poodle - so i'll need to ask, but otherwise, the best.  And family owned!  I've already recommended them to others.
4	You cannot beat the price or speed of Hair of the Dog.  This little local grooming shop does a good job and only charges $35 to groom my 15 pound Maltese/Jack Russell mix (prices go up based on the size of the dog).  Hair of the Dog also gets the job done in about 2 hours or so.  That's at least $10 cheaper and and and an hour and a half quicker than the big box pet store down the street from me.The owner is really nice.  She always remembers my dog and me whenever I call for an appointment.  She's also been very accommodating on the days that I've called to see if she could squeeze him in at last minute.The only real negatives are that Hair of the Dog is not open on Sundays or Mondays.  But it's a small business and people are definitely entitled to a day or two off each week.  There also have been a few times where I've gotten home and noticed that my dog's ear or tail fur were left ridiculously long (hard to tell in the shop when he's running and jumping all over the place, but I'll consider that my bad for not being observant enough when I picked him up.Hair of the dog is a wonderful place to take your dog to.  I highly recommend supporting this local small business.
5	We are so happy with Hair of the Dog.  Rambo the terrier has never looked better.  For the same price as the ugly clipper job he got at PetSmart, his hair was hand stripped here.  Amy, the owner, is a pleasure.   Great job!!
5	Such a cute little place
4	Good price and dogs seemed well groomed and happy. One concern, while I was waiting for my dogs a client's dog came running (no collar or leash) into the small main lobby. Seems like the half door that separates the grooming area from the lobby does not shut tight. I know it was being groomed as it had just been washed and luckily didn't go out the door to parking lot. Other than that, she is inexpensive. I'll probably look for a place a bit closer to my house, as she was recommended by a friend to escape the high cost of Petsmart grooming.
5	Both my dogs go here....One of my dogs that goes there is a cavalier King Charles spaniel which can be challenging to groom but they do amazing she always comes out happy and refreshed and cute as a button (which she always is) and my second dog is a Lhasa apso poodle mix she is still a pup she had her first big dog hair cut there they did amazing especially since she a nervous little dog. They made her feel real relaxed and loved and had her in and out.
4	Cute little place.  When I stopped to visit, they were busy with dogs coming and going!  Amy, the owner, was very nice and she willingly accepted my business card for pet sitting.  Asked about trimming my older Jack Russell, because we had a bad experience in the past.  They did a great job, and he seemed to enjoy his stay there:-).  Will be back as a regular!!
4	They really do a great job here, and my boxer KING loves to come in before he goes out on the road to show.
