3	::sigh:: Oh Big Lots...I remember when you were MacFrugal's...and before that, Pic'n'Save...those were the good ol' days... I still like Big Lots, and I'll admit, the quality and the variety of the items that they sell now has greatly improved from many years ago. Unfortunately, that also means that some of their prices aren't all that budget friendly. Frequently I can find comparable (or even nicer!) items for my house on sale at Target, Kohl's, Marshall's or Ross! That's not supposed to happen!  Nevertheless, I still stop once in a while, usually when I need stuff for my classroom at school or when I want to check on the latest bargains available.  But if you're looking for specific items, know your prices before you buy!
3	I do like Big Lots. But at this location it always seems like there aren't enough cashiers. You see employees standing around doing nothing it seems when there is one lane open and quite a few people in line. Usually it takes a while to rung up by the cashier, I think they need to get a better register system but hey maybe that is that best for Big lots...lol...Its does seem like the people who are employed there dont like being there.......There are some locations better than others...Sometime I see good deals there, sometimes I don't. I have been going to Big Lots for years and also when it was Pic n Save (I grew up in Carson, Ca). My big go to stores are Walmart and Target , but all in all I will still frequent this Big Lots from time to time.
1	I have tried on several occassions to find something good to say about this store and all I can say is "They carry Wise potato chips".  Only place I have found in Phoenix where I can buy these.Now on the other hand, the management and cashiers are very rude to the customers.  They also are not knowledgeable about what they sell.  I had a question and they had to get one of their customers to help me.Last time I was in there was for a sale which I had received an email saying about 20% off sale starting that afternoon.  I called the store to verify this and was told it pertained to ALL merchandise.  When I checked out they did not give me this discount.  I complained and cashier had to call store manager who had to call the employee I had talked to earlier. It turned out to be a mess but they finally decided (begrudgingly) to give me my 20% off.  After I left the store I discovered they had lied and not deducted the discount and charged me the fulll amount.  I thought they would give me the discount on my credit card bill but just got my bill and there was no credit.  I called the HO and talked to customer service who then contined to argue with me about the discount.  She told me she would have her manager call me back but of course he has not.This whole corporation is filled with liars and rude people.I saw one woman who came into this store late one night in Dec when it was pouring rain.  She had pulled up close to the front entry and the security guard asked her to move her vehicle.  This woman was handicapped and all spaces were filled.   She asked if they could loan her an unbrella if she had to walk from the back of lot in the rain.  They refused even though they had many of them sitting in the front of the store.  She walked out and drove away.  Good for her!!!!My friend who worked at the HO was off for 16 weeks with an injury (Non work related) and the day she was released by her doctor to return to work was FIRED.This is not the type of business I wish to deal with any longer and ask all intelligent persons to do the same.As for my chips, I will get someone on the East Coast to send them to me.
2	Damn, the workers here are terrible. I went to buy an item that was on sale, and they took it up for the front for me and realized the sale tags were out of date so one of the workers disposed of them before I got to the checkout! I was buying $400+ worth of items, and I still had to argue with them to get the advertised price. Next time I went into the store, the $79 signs were back up. They tried to charge me $125. The cashiers and managers always cop major attitude, yet I go back again and again because its a decent store and close to home.
2	They don't really seem to care. Prices are okay but not as low as they make them out to be. Employees just look at you like they are annoyed at you coming in or are judging you. This is mostly the younger employees though. I only come once in awhile but the atmosphere never changes. Also disorganized.
3	Been to this store a few times for odd n ends.  Good place for phone charger car and wall adapters for roughly $8.  Staff has been okay to me.  Directed me immediately to HDMI cables as requested, which beat lowest price for 6 foot found at Walmart by 6 bucks.  Then, after I'd hacked open the clamshell package, I found I had several to spare at home, so went back to this same store with receipt in hand, and got a cash refund with no hassle at all.  My cashier was fine and apologized for the short wait while she took care of something.  Staff otherwise sometimes seems a little lethargic.  I think it's probably because they're having difficulty staying awake at this lonely, otherwise nigh abandoned far end of the plaza.
