3	The Bruntsfield / Morningside area of Edinburgh is awash with great places to eat, and tucked in at the top of Viewforth is Le Mouton Noir, a small restaurant serving a variety of French cuisine.  I visited this restaurant for a friend's birthday meal back in March 2010, and this provided me with my first encounter with  French food - an encounter which was an enjoyable one.There was a party of around 16 of us, and we were all accommodated without any hassle.  The restaurant is only small, but this adds to the atmosphere.  Combine this with reserved but modern decor, and you have the perfect place for a meal, whether it's a meal for two, or a larger group dinner.There are two menus -  a standard menu that is used for lunch (Tuesday to Saturday) and dinner (Tuesday to Thursday), with a special menu used for the Friday and Saturday dinner.  This second menu offers the choice of two or three courses for a set price, and it was this menu that I sampled.  I found the prices to be a good reflection of the quality of the food, which itself was served swiftly from the kitchen by waiting staff who were attentive through the course of the evening.Le Mouton Noir provides a great introduction to the world of French cuisine, and brings a great taste of France to Bruntsfield.  Well worth a visit!
5	Having been In France this summer I have been sorely missing the wonders of French cuisine, the garlic, the wine, the damn good food all in all. Dining with a group of fellow yelpers they were always going to have a hard task to impress, but they were up to the job it has to be said. The interior is a great modern feeling space, with a touch of Parisian cafe culture to it, a great place to be. Noticeable by the French girl in at the same time as us who was in for coffee and some cake :o) As to my meal....! Sharing with a friend we covered off the duck gizzards, escargot and the oysters. The gizzards were not at all what i had expected - very rich and meaty, they had been beautifully braised and were Delicious. The oysters were as they should be - ice cold, fresh and served with lemon on the side as a well as a red onion vinaigrette. The escargot were also perfectly cooked and smelly of beautiful garlic - if I had to be critical would say it could have done with a touch of salt. Onto main and for me there was only one option - steak tartar! The meat was so so so tender, marinaded with great flavours and top with a stunningly rich and fresh egg yolk. It was accompanied with frankly the best chips I have had in a long time - the group all came to conclusion they had been cooked in duck fat! Ooooober tasty! The salad if a little tired looking was tasty - perhaps some seasonal greens would be nicer...? At the end of this I was very full but did enjoy a lovely brandy coffee and a nibble of Jenny L's rum soaked prunes which were delicious as was Joe A's cheesecake! Something to be tried on my next visit! JD = very happy man!!
2	I wish I didn't have to do this but I really didn't find this place that impressive the second time I went. My family and I were the only people in there and the service wasn't very good. The music was terrible and too loud, we had trouble hearing eachother. My family and I discussed in passing that it would be great if they changed the playlist in the future. So as we recieved our cheque my dad tried to mention as nicely as possible that it might benefit the business. They were very rude and said with lots of people no one noticed. Well.. we were the only people so we did! The food was great, but throughout the night I felt as though the service wasn't up to par. It's sad, but I probably won't return here for a while with so many other places to try!
5	I've been holding out on writing this review as I 'd never really eaten proper French food before and I didn't want to gush max-treme amounts of praise if, once I finally ate more French food, I realised Le Mouton Noir was an imposter and a fraud. Well, we went to Paris last weekend and I can confidently say.....Le Mouton Noir serves French food!My mind was LEGITIMATELY blown! Woo.The butter! The cream! The sauces! The beef! The soup! The bread! The wine! All spectacular, served in a comfortably dark room filled to the brim with satisfied food-eaters. It really is a tiny room, and it really is quite dark, but there was a buzz in the air that made the whole experience grin-widening. And such a mix of people! We had a table of four young girls sitting across four young guys (quadruple date? mixed doubles tennis mixer? Jack Wills Christmas dinner?), various old couples all conversing animatedly, an Australian bogan inappropriately ordering the kangaroo (carn' mate, ya signpostin' it. Yer as subtle as pingers at the bowlo'), people ordering in French (legitimacy!) and finally a handful of Luke & Sallys- all people-watching, committing faux pas', stoking love-flames and enjoying a FANTASTIC restaurant. At a mightily reasonable price!
4	I really enjoyed my visit to Le Mouton Noir. I had the onglet (skirt steak) and it was tremendously good; probably one of the top three steak dishes I've eaten in Edinburgh.Overall, we said: "So whilst they didn't hit the right soup quest notes, Le Mouton Noir rather charmed me. The service was very understated, which may not suit all tastes, but I found them quietly efficient. The main course was good enough for a repeat visit all on its own, so I'll definitely be back. Next time, I'll try a different starter; maybe the oysters or the snails."
5	For a few months now i have been stopping periodically and looking at the menu wondering whether there was anything on the menu that my 7 year old son would like.I finally decided to chance our luck last weekend and WOW firstly the dish my son had the half Poussin with Lemon and rosemary butter and frites was a winner for my son plus he polished off half of my moules!The atmosphere is very laid back and interior is very rustic, the service is fantastic and our waiter could not do anymore for us and he was great with my son. The food is fantastic and at a reasonable price.The winner for me was the dessert of a duo of creme brulee one of them being a lavender creme brulee truly amazing.We will definetly be back
5	Absolutely Gutted that this brilliant restaurant is now closed for business, I will need to find a new french restaurant to sample!
