3	Centre commercial assez aere.
3	I didn't expect much when I look at the facade of Complexe Desjardins... I don't even know it is a shopping centre... All I remember that it is cold and windy and anywhere indoor is a relief... Such a huge open space with huge windows and skylights...You can find your usual retail stores here and even a hotel on site.It is also connected with the Underground City and Metro Stations.
3	Pratique ce grand centre commercial  Un peu de tout
3	I would never come here to shop because the stores are not impressive, but it is an extremely convenient and well located complex if you happen to be near the festival sites or Chinatown.Whenever I am at a festival at the Quartier Des Spectacles, coming in this mall is always a nice relief to cool down with some air conditioner, take a seat or use the clean restrooms.This mall has a bit of everything, if you need a bite to eat, there is a food court but also an IGA supermarket, SAQ, ice cream shop, a pharmacy among other clothing boutiques.The lower floor is very spacious, home to a huge water fountain that shoots up all the way to the ceiling, which always seems to thrill kids. The ample space is also used to host a series of events throughout the year, such cheese and wine samplings, mini job fairs or information sessions.
3	Was there for Fromage D'ici, how do you rate a shopping mall if you ain't a mallrat?
3	Complex Desardins is quite interesting that it's a mall.  Although I don't see many stores that wow me!  14 women's stores and barely any men's stores (4 eek).  It does however have a food court and IGA plus a health club.  If you are staying at the Hyatt or live or work nearby then this is super convenient!  However head to another mall as selection is limited!  What is super cool is the huge open expansive atrium space in the middle!
1	Was shopping here on Monday evening when a few exits were blocked before 6 pm with no directions/help offered on how to leave the building - 'Sorry, you can't leave here' - Where can we leave?' - 'there are other exits open'. We ended up circling inside of the building trying to get out. Finally, got out and had to walk all around the building in the rain to get back to the hotel. Thanks for great customer service.
