4	This place is a great value.  Food was served in generous portions, you get complimentary wine and prices were very reasonable for dinner (especially if you like Italian food).  I'd say the entrees were better than average but some were better than others.  The garlic bread is so dangerous.  They just kept refilling our baskets.  so tricky..  It's a nice change from spending too much in one of the hotel spots and it has "character" (or something like that cozy feeling).  Apparently, it's been around for a while and they have all these pictures of stuff/people from the past.  It's right off the Strip too but definitely gets pretty busy so make reservations.
5	This place is an excellent value with great Italian food and a fun atmosphere!  It has a really comfy family feel.  All meals include salad, cappuccino (delicious!!), and all the red and white wine you can drink - seriously, we were drinking as fast as possible and they just kept bringing out more.  We visited while in Vegas for a bachelorette party and I will definitely return.  LOVE LOVE LOVE the little old man that plays the accordian, he was so sweet and sang to the bachelorette!
4	great place if you love wine.neat place to go to--the food is pretty good, the atmosphere is fun--somewhat on the noisy side, but it is worth the wait.and the wine--red or white----or both if you must.and it keeps on coming and coming.best to have a cab or a designated driver if you like wine.
3	House white and red wines included! The food wasn't excellent, but it wasn't disastrous. The plates look small, but they fill you up! I had the cheese ravioli, and the ravioli was big.. not like the Old Spaghetti Factory kind. The best part was the cappuccino.. mmm It's not really a hole in the wall either.. in my opinion. If you want pasta, just pasta with cheese or meat sauce or whatever, price is either 18.95 or 20.95. Meat.. is more obviously..24.95 and up. Not bad, considering you get the bread, salad or soup, the meal, cappucino and of course.. the house wine.
4	Oh snap!This place was fan-freakin'-tastic.  Barely a block off the Strip...but priced like it was out by the airport!You picked the entree off their extremely small but still varied menu...and it comes with all the red and / or white wine you care to drink...as well as a post-meal cappucino.It was a tremendous find, and with prices being somewhere in the neighborhood of $20 for most everything on the menu, given all that's included...well, it's a must visit for anyone heading to Vegas who really enjoys good Italian Food, in a real "hole-in-the-wall" feel.Unfortunately "Gordy" the accordion player was off on the night we went...but I would imagine that he only ads to the awesomeness of Battista's.Have the Chicken Parmigiana...it was a great deal on a great deal of food.Enjoy!
5	What a great deal!  My friends recommended this place, thank god they did.  The food is well above average,  and for one great price, around $25 you get all the red or white wine you can drink, plus a post meal cappuccino.  Very family friendly and comfortable, a great deal right off the strip.  This will be one of the places we visit every time we go to Vegas.
3	I really recommend this place as something completely different to do on your visit to Sin City.I love Battista's.  It only gets three stars because the food is only okay.  In spite of my 3-star rating, you should go here because:1) The little guy with the accordian singing "When the moon hits your eye like a big pizza pie, That's Amore" is PRICELESS.  And followed by the Chicken Dance song.2) The wine flows, and doesn't suck.  In fact, I liked it!  The red anyway, didn't try the white.3) The several course meal in the dark rooms, walls covered with photos of icons of the past who used to hang out here... it's great for chillin' with your friends, drinking, relaxing and stepping back from the standard Las Vegas vibe.4) Elvis used to come here.
5	Possibly the best meal I've ever had.  For my courses I had minestrone soup, garlic-butter shrimp on pasta, all the wine I could drink and the most amazing cappuccino.  Both the food and service were great.  There was even a cute old man walking around playing music. Next time in Vegas I will definitely be going here again.
4	In town for another week/end in Las Vegas, this was a consensus pick for a "night on the town" dinner destination.  It's an "italian family style" type place, though the particular style of Battista's marks it as a uniquely Vegas location.The menu is on the wall- 15 choices ranging from spaghetti to "Steak Caruso".  Free white and red wine is included with the meal.The portions are enormous.  My veal parmesan was terrible, but I was expecting the food to be terrible, so it wasn't that big a deal.  The free cappucinio that came with the meal was hot chocolate?  Why don't they just put it on the menu like that?The cheesy decor is fun.
5	What a blast! This place was recommended by someone from home (Boston, MA) to our traveling group of 8 and we figured why the hell not.They pack you in there, but that was half the fun-- there was even a rehearsal dinner while we were there and the whole room stopped to hear the toast of thanks from the bride to be. Very cozy. The accordion player is a real delight as well.Overall-- fantastic! My lasagna was to die for and soup or salad, red and white wine and cappuccino are all included in the meals, priced about $20-30.I really do love the glitz and glamour of Vegas, but this was a nice respite, and so close by, for one meal.
1	For Italian food, there are much better choices in Las Vegas. This place trades on the past, and on an overblown reputation. I found the prices high, the portions small and the food mediocre. If you enjoy looking at black-and-white photographs of dead celebrities who ate there once 35 years ago, then you might enjoy this place. The only thing that keeps it afloat is that it is near the Strip and can get a lot of walk-in traffic. You won't see many locals there, because we know of far better restaurants that cost far less.
4	Wine included with your meal?  No cheesy casino 'rings' around it?  Great Italian, family style cuisine...good ambience, and great for big groups...celebrated a fantastic birthday here with friends during a birthday debauchery weekend..and it was NICE to get the hell off the strip for a bit (how much strip can one person take at a time?)There was this cute old man who played the accordion and serenaded me too..Loved it.GO!Get the hell off the strip.
2	Let's start with the positives.  I like the atmosphere.  The little guy playing the accordion is cool.  OK, I'm done.The wine is served in large quantities, but it is not good.  Stay away from the white wine.  It's bad.  Don't drink the white wine, man.The food is not good.  I would say the food tasted like ass, but that would be mean.There are better Italian restaurants in your home town.  Frequent a nice, independent Italian restaurant when you get back home.
1	When I was 21, a group of my more straight-edge college friends decided they wanted to go to Las Vegas.  A week before the trip, my dentist told me I absolutely had to go to Battista's.  Sure thing.  Then-boyfriend and I checked it out.  We thought it was great.Fast forward four years... my brother is now living in Vegas, and my immediate family decided to meet there for Christmas.  Having remembered my wonderful experience at this restaurant, I decided we should all go.  BIG mistake.  The wine tasted like 2-buck Chuck that had been opened five days before.  The salad was comprised of iceberg lettuce and topped off with a hunk of salami.  I'm pretty sure the sauce was Ragu.  My brother, an erstwhile captain in the Army, said he'd rather have an MRE (meal ready to eat) than dine at Battista's again.The little man playing the accordion knew the Ohio State fight song.  Battista's better hang onto that guy - it's the only reason they even get a star.
1	Battista's. Hot dang, the food was gross. Terribly, terribly gross. My manicoti was just a solid block of bad cheese with pergo-like sauce on it. But then it was paired with something (spinach) that was inedible. Seriously, I don't know how one makes spinach taste like that, my only guess would be artificial flavoring. Yes, it's that type of place. Then cap it off with cheap wine that'll give you a killer headache and some sweet hot chocolate standing in for coffee. Blech.
4	Ate there on Valentines Day while on my trip to Vegas with a friend. An hour long wait. The food was decent, reasonably priced, and the service was excellent. How can you beat all-inclusive price for dinner (salad or soup, entree, cappuccino, and wine) in Vegas for under $30/pp. Fun atmosphere. Accordian player was adorable.
4	f- all the bad reviews! f- them all!!! hello free vino....what more do you want? so the wine isn't the best bottle you can ask for, but it is free.....F-R-E-E, FREE!!!!!! and besides, the cheaper it is the faster you get drunk! hahaha!this is the place i have my annual viva dinner. we meet some friends here and do the town right, well, or wrong if you look at it as the drunks takin' over. this year was no different, except for the fact that we were seated in the same room as two wedding parties. no problem....we were all loud and we were all drunk. i like the food here and for a flat price you get soup or salad, main course, hot chocolate or cappuccino, and FREE vino! so everyone who didn't like the food, shut your pie holes and drink up, everything gets better the more you drink!so, we drank through six carafes of white and red vino and through two wedding parties. by the time the third walked in we were on the topic of hula hoops, skip its, and bondage ball. we're a diverse group....what do ya want? we somewhat quieted, through giggles, as the best man gave his speech. however, once the praying started our eyes got wide and we felt as though we were in the wrong place at the wrong time! hahaha! whatever! jesus turned water into wine for a reason.....we were just drinkin' it up with the lord!lastly, my man sings there. he's so cute and old with his musical talent. normally i hate the old, amongst other things, but this is one elderly man that i love to see once a year. so, needless to say i will be here next year again and i would recommend it for the experience and the FREE vino! take advantage kiddies! it is FREE!!!
3	Bachelorette party this past weekend and one of the gals made reservations here.  From what I hear it's been in the same location longer than 35 years and it's family owned.  The decor is kitchy...very old corny Italian place with a wall full of shot glasses and small liquer bottles, stuffed moose, turkey and other items.  The service was QUICK and much appreciated.  The staff was helpful and nice.  The overall idea is, I think, what Bucca tries to achieve.  The menu's on the wall...I ordered eggplant...yumm-o for the most part.  All dishes come with house wine (complimentary), garlic bread, salad or soup, entree, a pasta side (if pasta's not already somehow included in the dish) and cappucino.  Salad was not tasty at all...garlic bread was OK...eggplant was outstanding, pasta was ok, cappucino had yummy whipped cream on it and that's about all I have to say.  Oh,....the red wine was great.  All this for about $25 per person.  The BEST part was the little old guy playing the accordian table to table.  He asked what we were celebrating and then sang "Get Me to the Church on Time".....best 2 second show of my life. Overall...I MAY return if someone really begs for it.
1	No no no - this place is not good.  Food is not good (worst veal parm I have ever had), service sucked (dude was trying to fake an Italian accent, really demeaning) and the wine was horrible (it doesn't matter if its free).  When you are in Vegas you should treat yourself to a quality meal.  Do not come to Battista's because it seems like a great deal (its not).  The money you save on the all-inclusive option just isn't worth it.  There are only a handful of places worth leaving the strip for and this isn't one of the them.  Please do not trust the positive reviews and stay away.
3	The House Red Wine is outstanding and it's all you can drink with your meal so it's worth a trip just for that.  The food is Olive Garden quality.  The restaurant has a neat feel to it and feels very authentic--both authentic Italian and authentic old school Vegas.  I only wish the food was as authentic as the atmosphee.
3	This wasn't the best Italian food I've ever eaten, but it certainly wasn't the worst. I had a group of 18 people I had to feed and Battista's was very accommodating. Salad and hot chocolate for dessert was included with our meal. Not to mention the free red and white table wine. For the price, the wine was great. The service was excellent.My scampi was under seasoned, but the portion was large. I couldn't finish.Considering that the Rat Pack used to hang there, it was worth going. At least once.
3	Ate here for a wedding rehearsal dinner. The fare was good, the portions were HUGE though. I flove eggplant parm but couldnt eat more than half of my plate. The most adorable old man on the planet was there playing the accordion and serenaded the bride and groom, it was good stuff. The cappuccino was PHENOMENAL. I regret not grabbing a second cup before leaving Vegas.
4	I wish they served a full menu at the bar since I often come here on business and sip vino and catch up on the days events.  It's typical italian with all the charm of a old school restaurant.  Since I hate the strip and I'm forced to eat there enough I love little places sticking it to the big guys - and this is one of them.  I was debating between 3 and 4 starts and after reading some weird reviews (lowball) on this place I figured 4.  The food is solid, the place is usually packed and the staff has always treated me well.
3	The food is just adequate, at least that was the case with my linguini and clams and my partner's veal parm.  The "sauce" with my linguini and clams tasted bland and odd (a little like I imagine dishwater might taste), but the pasta was cooked perfectly and there were tons of chopped clams.  Yes, the cheap wine is free, and if you don't mind it and intend on draining several carafes, go for it.  Gordy the accordian player popped by our table and sang a few bars of something and then was off to work the rest of the patrons.  He is cute as a button, but didn't make up for the merely adequate food.  The cappacino at the end was delicious, but as others have mentioned, tasted like hot chocolate, NOT even a hint of coffee flavor in there.  Soooooo .... Go for the free wine, the friendly service, and all of the eye candy on the walls, but don't expect a stellar meal.
3	I would give this place an extra half star for the memorabilia if I could.This place is classic old Italian.  It has a half barrel for a front door and no windows that I could see.  It is a little dark and all the walls are lined with classic photos of mid-century movie stars, movers and shakers, et cetera..I didn't know who everybody was but these walls are definitely preserving unique Vegas history.The food is solid Italian with four prix fixed menus to choose from that all offer all you can drink wine, soup or salad, and a cappuccino to end your meal properly.  The service was excellent and I thought the 20-30 dollar a person price with all that it included was a good value.
4	I friend recommended this place and since I travel to Vegas at least 2 or 3 times a year, I thought I'd give it a try. I'm glad I did.  I thought the food was great. I've had the chicken parmesan and on another visit, spaghetti with red sauce.  Both dishes were great, and the portions were HUGE.  Even better was the free wine they kept bringing (it's all you can drink, and it's a house red or white served in a carafe). The place reminds you of gangster hangouts you've seen in the movies.  It's dark inside, no windows (reducing the chance of driveby's), with lot's of nooks and crannies (small rooms, and even smaller rooms). One great advantage to their location is their proximity to the hotels on the strip, but your not on the strip.
3	Very charming place inside an old strip mall off the strip.  Old style Italian food with a sense of humor.  Pretty reasonable, big portions.  Menu is small, written on the wall.  I had a special mushroom ravoli, it was really good.  Salad was token iceburg with a huge slice of salami on top (yuck...  guess they don't get many vegetarians!?).  Garlic bread is huge and greasy.  Love that you get a carafe of wine with the meal.  Classy.  Sweet old accordian player comes to seranade you.  He had a WI Badger sticker on the accordian and we told him we were from Wisconsin so he played the On Wisconsin song for us.  Cute.  Definately an experience!...  a change from the glitz of the strip!
5	Another classic in homely Italian eateries. Not to pompous, not to flashy. Just good food, with good people. Just as I said before with my review of Volare back home in San Diego, just come to eat for a good time and don't expect a flashy scene and you'll have a blast with good food. And Hello, endless wine! 5 stars just for that. Great atmosphere, great food, great experience.
3	Food is great and all but waaaaay expensive!!!! The all you can drink wine is great but not tasty. Definitely the right "date-place"!
4	My bf heard about this restaurant the week before so it was perfect that we were in Vegas this weekend.  We went on a Sunday night to check out the place.  The menu is small, as people stated.  It seems a bit pricey, but it's really not that bad considering you get salad or soup, free house wine (red or white), garlic bread, and cappucino at the end of your meal.  I had the linguine w/ chopped clams in red sauce.  The sauce was a bit too watery for me, but there were lots of chopped clams.  It was pretty good.  My bf had the Italian sausage with ziti.  That was tasty as well.  I had the white and he had the red wines.  The wine is free, people.  It's not really good wine, but the white is better than the red.  The salad was a basic iceberg with light Italian dressing, a slice of salami, a piece of mozzarella, and a pepperocini.  The minestrone was a basic minestrone.  The garlic bread was large and greasy.  As you can probably tell, it's one of those fun, old-fashioned Italian restaurants with decent food.  Lots of fun decor to look at.  They probably have a million things up on the walls and ceiling.  The cappucino at the end was good.  Sweet, like a mocha.  Fun eatery to check out.  Not exactly a hole in the wall though.  What's Vegas without a large sign with flashing lightbulbs? :P
3	My first trip to Battista's came some 12 years ago, and then again a couple years after that for the wedding of a friend.  On both of these visits, I am pretty sure that I did a whole lot more drinking than eating, and my memory is that the food was good, if not downright tasty.When we went back to Las Vegas, I figured that we had to visit Battista's again, so we stopped by - with the same friend who was married on our last visit.  As it turned out, none of us really drank (other than to taste the wine that still flows freely).  We found out that it's really pretty bad.  Sure, it is included, but the reason for that is that it's just not very good.The food portions don't seem to be as large as I remember, though the prices haven't really changed that much.  All-in-all, it brings to mind that old saying "you can't go back again".
4	I like this place :) I lived in Vegas back in 2002 and would take visitors here before going to the strip. The food is good, the wine is free (not top of the line, but what do you really expect for free?) and the service has always been good. I just moved back and I thought it was just as I remembered. Great place to have a date :) I got the eggplant parm, which I thought was good. Eggplant can go badly and this one definitely did not!I still think it's a fun place to eat and will continue to bring my friends here for a meal when they come to visit.
4	So I have to say this place is an experience. We came here on a recommendation from a local. The decor and history of this place is very interesting and the food was just what I had wanted for the evening. We had garlic bread, salads, our main meal and lots of wine. I could have been just a nice uneventful evening enjoying food if it had not been for the folks in the both behind us. I think what caught our attention was the loud guys saying, "Fucking Wetbacks" and then continuing to quote fox news, Rush Limbaugh, and Bill O' Riley. I would have just been amused by the politics and ignorance but the racism was just uncalled for and made the dinner a bit less than enjoyable. I do not fault the restaurant or penalize stars but just had to share. It was good to know I was not the only one annoyed because another patron stood up and told the guy he was glad to be leaving so he didn't have to listen to such a "Blowhard" any longer.....but I digress, I would be back for sure, great food, service and value for Vegas.
4	all you can drink wine and a little old man enthusiastically playing the accordion while giving you and your girlfriend little winks??  sold.
3	My experience with Italian restaurants is that the best ones are not overseen by some chef wanting to make his or her mark on the cuisine, but by an immigrant who had spent the majority of his or her life feeding the family, and now that the kids are grown, has taken those skills to care for the restaurant's patrons. These establishments are usually holes in the wall, garlic and tomato-scented spots inserted into strip malls between a convenience store and a dry cleaners.With that in mind, I chose Battista's Hole in the Wall when I went out to dinner with a group of convention-goers in Las Vegas last week.First off, this place is FUN! The walls were as crowded as the restaurant itself with pictures of Las Vegas royalty from years past. Trinkets and chotchkies hung in the room's nooks and crannies. Entering this restaurant is to enter the home of a person devoted to living life around the dining table, for that is where the day begins, pauses for respite, and ends.Once seated, a stern waiter placed carafes of wine on our table, announcing that the wine and garlic bread are free, and the menus are on the wall. And indeed they were, but we hadn't noticed them until this fellow had called them to our attention.During our meal, a petite octogenarian traversed the dining room with an accordion as big as he (if not bigger), playing various tunes on request and hamming it up for the crowded tables. He focused on the pretty lady at our table and played her the tarantella, pausing to point at the black buttons on the left hand of the accordion to passionately cry: "The BASS! Nobody plays BASS anymore!" This was indeed dinner and a show.I had the cannelloni. It was OK. The accompanying spinach reminded me of frozen spinach, the kind that came out of a box and most of us generally detested as kids. A similar complaint came from another member of the group, who'd had the salmon and expressed concern that it had freezer burn. I'm not an expert in meat, so perhaps group-think has since led me to believe that the meat in my cannelloni was similarly spiced.Another member of the group called the cappacino that the restaurant gives for free at the end of the meal: "truck stop cappacino," referring to the machines that make it. It's no Starbucks drink, and it does taste like hot chocolate, which is why I liked it.Would I come here if I were dining alone? No. Would I come here with my date? Not a chance. This restaurant is not suited for such moments in our lives, neither where food nor ambiance are concerned. However: would I come here with a bunch of acquaintances who want to have a good time and perhaps eat a little food in the process? Sure. Battista's Hole in the Wall drops the pretentions of normal dining, challenges us to not take things as seriously as we normally do, and pay attention to those oft-ignored things that we rely upon throughout life.For, in the words of the restaurant's owner: "The BASS! Oh, NOBODY plays the BASS anymore!"
1	well we had originally made reservations here on valentines because we thought it was a cool little place. the menu was on the wall.. and was it family style? single dishes? the waiter gave us a carafe of red wine while we waited. we figured out it was single dishes and for the price, it did not seem worth it at all. $20 for spaghetti and meatballs in this little dump? i chugged a glass of wine wine and we slipped out the door & went to ventuno at the flamingo and had one of the best meals ever.
3	This place is SURREAL.  I strongly recommend you visit it at least once just to experience it.  You'll feel like you're having dinner in the 1960s.  Surprisingly, it's my second dining experience in the last two months that involved time travel.  First, there was the world famous West Shore Diner . . . (http://www.yelp.com/biz/west-shore-diner-lemoyne#hrid:DHBdTFfMrO-QCOqxjxFx1Q), and now - Battista's.  Holy flux capacitor, Batman!We came here at 5:30 pm last Monday, because my friend had a coupon for a free dinner for two.  Didn't I tell you it helped to know the right people?  The restaurant brags about its "hole in the wall" appeal right in its name, although in reality it is much nicer than that.  This restaurant is located directly behind The Barbary Coast, or Bill's Gamblin' Hall & Saloon as it's known today.  Battista's even has its own parking lot - enter on Audrey St off Flamingo Rd.When you walk inside, you feel like an Applebee's opened a new location inside Abe Lincoln's Log Cabin.  There are so many tchotchkes on the walls, you don't know where to look first.  The gems of their trinket collection, in my humble opinion, were tiny liquor bottles neatly arranged inside a glass cage.  The "Maximum occupancy: 8,000 people" and "Parking for Italians Only" sign were nothing compared to the sign above the urinals in men's bathroom: "Your future is in your hands."We were seated at a large table with red vinyl chairs and a white tablecloth.  The waiter came by with the menus and waters, although the menu was posted on the wall.  It looks as though it hasn't changed since the 1960s anyway.  You can only get complete dinners here.  You pick your entree, and the rest is included.  The entrees range in price from $20.95 to $31.95, depending on what you choose.  Since our meal was free, I went with the more expensive option of veal parmigiana for $29.95.You meal includes a salad or a cup of minestrone soup, garlic bread, a side of pasta, a post-meal cappuccino and unlimited house wine, red or white.  "Hold on a second!  Did he say 'unlimited wine???'"  He sure did.  I don't know anything about wine, but I'd venture a guess it's not the best wine you've ever tasted.  Still, you can't beat the price.  FREE is FREE.The meal also includes a serenade by a 5' 3'' 75-year-old man with an old accordion.  The serenade is pretty much a must, since there's nothing you can tell him that would stop him from singing it.  Hey, he works for tips.  We weren't on a date, but he still said he had "something special for the beautiful lady."  So, I was guilted into paying $2 for a so-horrible-that-it's-funny rendition of:"When you're smiling, when you're smiling,The whole world smiles with you;When you're laughing, when you're laughing,The sun comes shining through."The food wasn't very good.  I'd say it's Olive Garden quality at Las Vegas prices.  My veal parmigiana was tasteless with loads of cheese on top.  The garlic bread had so much butter, I am surprised it didn't seep right through the basket.  The salad was pretty good, and the cappuccino was delicious.I'd go there in a second for a free meal.  However, now that I've tried it, I wouldn't rush back.  You have to go at least once though.
2	Go for the atmosphere and to hang with friends to chat over the endless house wine.  For whatever reason my friends get a kick out of eating here, so every once in a while we stop by.  During my last trip in the middle of last month, a bunch of us stopped in for dinner.  The food here is just really average.  The decor is cool and the location is really popular.  If you go, make a reservation and be ready for crowds.  I ordered the Veal Marsala and my veal wasn't the tender cuts of meat that you might expect.  Instead it was chewy.  Chewy veal?!?  Come on...  I do like drinking the endless house red wine out of the Godfather glasses, but that shouldn't be the only reason to go here.
2	AMBIANCE:Eclectic, casual and fun. It starts with the stuffed moose head over the receptionist's station dubbed, "Moose-olini" and spreads to the walls filled with tiny airline-sized bottles of booze, pictures of celebrities and anything else one can think of except the kitchen sink. Who knows everything that is stuck in the ceiling. I was almost afraid to look. One thing I am sure of--it's all been there for a very long time.ENTERTAINMENT:A tiny, wizened, ancient little man who is seemingly dwarfed by his big accordion. He comes around every half hour for about two minutes, plays very badly (in a "it's so bad it's great" sort of way), panders shamelessly for tips and then disappears (probably to get oxygen and rebuild his strength for another two minute appearance a half hour later).Ref: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/yNVcnSaMSrTmjJBMrHTy9w?select=jJQ-WqpZTRkjYGSqFF-nyQCONCEPT:Charge double the value for run-of-the-mill Italian meals that are posted on a board and then try to compensate with free vino by the carafe. In a similar vein to Olive Garden, you can stuff yourself with unlimited garlic bread too. If you drink enough wine and chow down on the garlic bread, you'll enjoy the accordion serenades, go away full, and really not care about the quality of the meal and the price tag. If you're with good friends, it probably will be an enjoyable experience.OUR EXPERIENCE:We walked over to this little hole in the wall before a Penn and Teller show based on our concierge's recommendation. We drank the "free" wine, ate a lot of garlic bread, sang a lot of "Happy Birthday's" to various folks in the room, listened to the little old man butcher "O Sole Mio", and ate pasta dishes. I ordered linguini chopped clams in a white sauce for $26.95. The other dishes were all priced in the mid-twenties. My clams and linguini were of the $11.95 caliber. The wine was simply bad.In summary, Battista's must have a very good working concept to stay in business for over 3 decades. That concept just doesn't work for me. I'd even recommend the place for those in a Monty Pythonish mood and looking for "something completely different." If this is the case, just go in with the right expectations which shouldn't be centered around their culinary excellence.Battista's was the only recommendation by our excellent concierge that I don't heartily endorse.
2	The first time I went I was very satisfied. The second time I went it seemed that the prices had been raised and it just wasn't as good as I remembered it being. The atmosphere is cool, but the menu is kind of pricey considering the service and the food. The best part about it all is the wine carafe that is 'free with dinner' so I don't know if you can really call it free or not. The old guy with the accordion is a really great scam, he pretends he's going to play a whole song for you but never actually finishes one and the proceeds to linger for his tip. The second time I used the 'no eye contact' strategy so that he wouldn't come bothering my table for money. Everyone pretended to be busy or on the phone!
5	if you want a great Italian dining experience it doesn't get any better than this! the prices are awesome, the food is fabulous, the environment is welcoming and energetic, the service is always primo, and they are truly an all around experience of fun.
4	Fantastic! Very unique atmosphere. Try the chicken cacciatore!
4	Man, talk about a rough crowd!  Battista's is the perfect place to go with family or a group of people you want to share a great experience, dinner and set the stage for some memorable times.  Battista's offers just that and more.  Contrary to the many other reviews here, we had wonderful food, and got to share the experience with 15+ family members.  Aside from one particular grump at the table, EVERYONE loved the food and had an amazing time, and we were paid a visit .  Yeah, the wine is a little "off" but hey, it's a package deal.  Up the ante if you want something more and stop complaining.  Folks, this is a Las Vegas landmark.  If you're up for a good time, great company, and yummy food, hit up Battista's with an open mind and you will not be disappointed.  In fact, you'll walk out the door saying "I'm hot tonight!"
4	What's not to love? The food is classic American-Style Italian.. great little guy running around playing his music on an accordion..and most of the staff has been there a very long time.. 20-40 years in some cases. it is very inexpensive, filling, and always a good time. Please check it out and ask fr Luigi! He will take care of you and has been there almost as long as the restaurant itself!
3	This place is a legend in Las Vegas dining.I felt i was eating at the original bucca di beppo's.  Nothing to go out of the way for.  Not cheap either.
4	I'm in Vegas for a conference... One of the folks that is here with me recommended Battista's, so we decided to check it out. The decor is quite something... Lots of history in the place, that's obvious! Supposedly it was a hangout for The Rat Pack, back in the day. Service was friendly and responsive. Interesting the way they price groups of things together... Enjoyed the free flowing house wine and garlic bread. I opted for the lasagna w/ meat sauce for my entree... It was very good! I think the meat sauce was a little extra, but well worth it. The meal was finished off with a cappuccino that was of convenience store machine quality, but not bad. Far from fine dining... but then again, what do you expect with the name Battista's Hole in the Wall, right? If ever I'm in Vegas again (on business, no doubt) I'll be back to Battista's.
3	I do not know what all the hoopla is about this place. It is average and a little expensive if you ask me. Typical Italian restaurant. The food is OK not exceptional. the shrimp scampi was a little disappointing to me. Nothing to get excited about.
3	Hidden behind the Flamingo Hotel is this old school joint that looks like it just hosted an exorcism for the ghosts of Vegas past.  Photos, memorabilia and bushels have exploded onto every wall and every part of the ceiling.  Looks like those old Vegas spirits put up quite a fight!It wasn't totally complete though, as an ancient old man roams the restaurant with an accordion twice his size asking for tips, and jovially playing songs he probably played for the Rat Pack.The vibe IS fun, and all things considered the food is pretty good too.  We weren't starving, so we got by on splitting the Meatball and Spaghetti entree, which helped make the whole experience a lot more economical.  They add on a ridiculous ten dollars per person if you are splitting something, but that does afford you your own soup, wine, bread (garlic-y goodness!) and cappuccino.  It all adds up to a bit over thirty bucks for two that way, so it's not too bad.  But if you're getting your own meal, I can see how it could get a bit pricey.  Battista's is a great place to escape the bright lights for a bit, and get lost in a little hole in the wall that is holding on tight to some classic Vegas memories.
4	After a buddy and I landed in Las Vegas, we asked the cab driver to take us to a hole-in-the-wall restaurant, away from the strip. He actually took us to a restaurant named, "Hole in the Wall." Who knew?Menu is on the wall. Bottomless jug of wine on the table. Food served in your mother's bowl and plates. What is not to like?Sure you can eat at one of those restaurants on the strip that is owned by some famous chef that I never heard of, and pay $50 a head. Or you can go to a family style restaurant that doesn't take itself seriously, has a casual atmosphere about it and get a good meal for the money.The food quality may not be top notch, but just have another canter of house wine. Welcome to Vegas baby!
4	I was pleasantly surprised by Battista's. It is tucked away behind the Flamingo and across the street from Bally's. From the outside, it looks like, literally, a "hole in the wall" type of place. Do not be put off by the dingy appearance. Remember the old adage: "Don't judge a book by its cover." Yes, it is attached to a dumpy-looking liquor store and bar, but once you step inside the restaurant proper, it is a charming, warm, and inviting old-school style Italian "ristorante". It's the type of place that you'd imagine the old Vegas mobsters patronizing back in the day.I met a business associate of mine here, and once we were seated, we ordered from the menu, which is up on the wall. The meal includes free house wine, either red or white (which wasn't very good - I didn't really get a buzz from it, but what do you expect when it's free?) and a cappuccino after your entree. The only things that are a la carte at the restaurant is the dessert, and better liquor from the bar.I ordered spaghetti and meatballs and my colleague ordered veal parmesan. I thought it was very good, along with the garlic bread, and strawberry cheesecake I ordered for dessert. They also had a cute little old Italian man who walked around singing and playing his accordion, entertaining guests. I thought it was a very nice place, very cozy. Since it was Friday night, it was hopping and full of people. What also impressed me were the vintage liquor decanters from some of the old Vegas hotels that are now defunct. They also had other little curios inside the cabinets, as well as various objects hanging from the ceiling. I liked the ambiance and the buzz of Battista's very much. I would definitely come back here again. Good food, reasonable prices, close to the Strip. Definitely better than some chi-chi, snooty, overpriced, faux Italian restaurant in one of the hotels. What more could you ask for?
2	Sad to report that I was disappointed when going back.  We brought some friends over here after raving about how great of a deal it was and were sadly disappointed.  I didn't remember how expensive it was!  For some reason, I thought it was a lot cheaper... :(Everyone's food was alright.  Nothing great or out of this world.  But one of our friends got the ziti w/ meatsauce and it tasted like soap!  The server took it back and brought out a new one, but it tasted the same.  We realized it was just a LOT of herbs that they used, but still... majority of the people at the table thought it tasted soapy.  Boo.
4	Went to Battista's Hole in the Wall this past weekend for a nice dinner party with nine others.  We all had a blast.  Complimentary soup or salad, red or white wine and cappuccino  with meal.  Old school Italian and Vegas pictures throughout creating a nice decor and ambiance inside.  The wall menu is simple yet diverse to satisfy any palate.  A must for everyone at least once.
3	Decent Italian restaurant off the strip. Good sauce, excellent calamari, tasty desserts and nice portions.A little on the expensive side, though.
2	Yelpers, I love ya, I really used your feedback to plan my latest trip to Vegas.  So take it from me, this place sucks.We were staying at Bally's, upgraded to a great suite, having a great time.  Also having fun finding the best low-cost meals (see Ellis Island and Gold Coast reviews).  But we had a hankering for Italian and the restaurant inside the Bally's (for which we had scored 1/2 price coupons) was closed (!).  We had seen Battista's on our way to Ellis Island, and decided to try it, despite not-so-stellar reviews.The outside is ugly, but the inside atmosphere isn't bad, typically Italian, pictures on the wall, old menus, photos of old Vegas, whatever.  Oddly, fishing nets on the ceiling -- did this used to be a fish joint?  Impossible to know.Now one of the problems with this place is -- entrees are expensive.  But, that's because salad and hosue wine are included.  Big deal.  We order, and the waitress asks us if we want red or white.  Me -- white, wife -- red. So she brings two full carafes!  We barely drank 1/10 of each -- there goes most of our money.  The wine wasn't that good, BTW.Then the fabled little man with the accordion stops by.  Seriously, he is old and bent over.  It's like having Gollum come to your table to play music.  To be honest, he wasn't as creepy or disturbing as we feared, given previous reviews, but he definitely plays a few moments of a tune and then wants a tip.  I gave him three bucks and thankfully he went away permenently.Then we got our food.  I got fettucine alfredo with chicken, and I did not like it.  It tasted like the kind you would get from Sbarro (a place we had considered) -- not cheesy enough.  Admittedly, the wife really liked her eggplant parmesan.  But I almost immediately started feeling sick.  We got the check, and hopped the monorail to the tropicana to see Bobby Slayton, but by then I was feeling pretty bad and we ended up skipping the show.  We didn't care -- Slayton was a cheap ticket and just a way to fill time. But as far as Battista's goes -- I don't recommend it.  There must be better opportunities.P.S.  Bally's rocks, and for dinner, Ellis Island and the Gold Coast buffet rock.
5	MY BOYFRIEND AND I LOVEEEEEE THIS PLACE!!! every time WE GO TO vegas we eat here, no questions asked. The hours are the only bad part. The eggplant is sooooo good and I love the fact that there is UNLIMITED wine :) who wouldn't?! There is an old man who sings and he is quite funny, not the best singer but he def. puts a smile on your face. I also LOVEEEE the capachino they serve to you after you eat. Everything is amazing. It does not look like it would be that great from the looks on the outside but DON'T JUDGE IT till you eat there. YUMMY!!!!!
1	The food is bad. The wine is bad. The salad is wilted lettuce drenched in Italian dressing. The guy playing the accordion is not very good, although he is old and appears to be ill in some way, so i feel bad saying anything. I'm not sure when this place was considered cool, but it is not. Anyhow go if you want a bunch of tourist drunk on cheap wine screaming quotes from Goodfellows, and the Godfather. Your in Vegas for God sake live it up, and plunk down a few extra bucks for a good restaurant.
5	My brother in law had his wedding dinner here last weekend and it was a great success. I cannot speak for all the plates of food, but the Lasagna that I had was very very good and very large. It was about $25 for the meal, which included the Lasagna, salad or soup, beverage, hot chocolate drink, and unlimited wine. Not too bad. The food was great. The atmosphere is very quaint and cozy. LOTS of trinkets hanging around the place from the many years it has been there. Lots of famous people pictures on the wall with the original owner. Very nice. The servers were amazingly professional and friendly. Fast service for 30ppl was shocking. Everyone had a great time and the overall experience was perfect. The only couple of things I can say in a negative light about this joint are as follows,1. Food was a little expensive even with the unlimited (cheap) wine.2. We had to wait a litte longer than expected for our table, however we did have 30 ppl, but we did have a reservation so we were expected.Even with those little issues, I still think the place is a Woohoo! As good as it gets! Place. Enjoy.
3	We asked about this place at our poker table. A local told us "everyone should experience Battista's.". It's a family run Italian restaurant located between Flamingo and Bally's. It is not in a casino, but is located by a mini-mart. Reservations are recommended and it is only open for dinner (4:00 - 10:00). All meals include garlic bread, soup or salad, all the wine you can drink (house wine red or white only) and a cappuccino. We had the lasagna and chicken parmesan, which came with a side of pasta. Complete meals range from $20 to $40. A little old Italian guy goes from table to table and plays his accordion for tips.The food was OK, nothing great. The wine was not good, but it was free. The garlic bread was great and the cappuccino was excellent (and I don't like coffee).
5	Love, love, LOVE this place! Great table wine-all you can drink! Great food!! Great salad!! Super cute inside and it feels like your not even in Vegas once in side this quiet "hole in the wall" . IMO it's a MUST for any trip to Vegas! It's my second time there and I will always return!!
4	All you can drink house wines are really good! The menu is short and simple, but taste's great. The atmosphere is what really makes this place pop, and I love the little old guy with the accordion! It's a local fav, and easy to find. Parking is limited, so walk from the Flamingo.
4	we stayed at the Planet Hollywood hotel and were walking around looking for somewhere to eat and we stumbled across Battista's.wow, this place is an experience! we saw 'free wine' and we were sold!the menu is on the wall, i ordered ravioli and my husband ordered chicken alfredo. the salad and bread were good. the wine was so so, and our food was just ok. there was so much food, we could not eat it all. the food is ok, the wine is cheap but the atmosphere is amazing. there is so much to see, i was looking around the entire time. i really liked the cozy feel of this restaurant, it was pretty cool, i would love to come back.
3	Hole in the wall says it all. Food is almost cafeteria like but it's old Vegas style and it beats the chain italian joints by far because of the atmosphere.  Gordie the accordian player is quite the entertainer. Good fun with a bunch of friends.
4	Battista's is my fave Italian joint in Vegas . . . it may not be the gourmet Italian, but it has real Vegas flavor! This was a place we always took guests whenever they were visiting and a place we have to visit now when we're in town (used to be locals). Favorite things about this place are: unlimited free house wine and Gordie, the accordian player. When they have the wild mushroom ravioli on special (not a regular item), that is a MUST get. We called ahead this trip and the chef agreed to make it special for us. I couldn't be happier!
3	I was gonna give it 2 stars, but they do serve free red and white wine.  Price was kinda high, and the chicken fettuccine was.......bleh. Blandest i've ever had.  I know places in OREGON that truly has better tasting chicken fettuccine.  There was a lot of food, and the garlic bread was good.  Actual cloves of roasted garlic are pressed into the bread.  Really i feel it's more of the EXPERIENCE that makes this place what it is.  It's cool they have pictures of Elvis and other famous faces, but really when it comes down to italian the next time were down, we're looking for something else....BUT HEY!!! Thx for all that wine!!!
4	First time in Vegas and after 4 days of all-you-can-eat and fine dining my husband and I went to Battista's.  There was a huge line and after speaking with the hostess she made us a reservation an hour and a half away.  We were lucky enough that our hotel was right by the restaurant.  Sure, as the reviews say the entree prices may seem high but when you think you don't need to order anything else I found it was cheaper than going to other restaurants.  I ordered the Chicken Marsala, my husband the Veal Marsala.  It was absolutely wonderful.  I thought the pasta that came with it did no wonders for it but after the garlic bread, soup and wine who could eat all that anyway?  I would go again if I ever visit Vegas again.  The waitress was friendly, the feel of the restaurant was good and we had a good time.
3	Dined at Battista's this week.  For those who complain about the prices at Battista's, I think it is important to point out that you get a bottomless glass of red or white wine included in the price.  The red was certainly not fine wine, rather I'd call it an easy drinking wine.  The food is pretty darned good.  I'll pay $22 every day for a decent egg plant parm and all the wine I can stomach.  An added feature of note is the accordian player who makes his rounds serenading each table.  While I'm not a big fan of musicians performing at my table, this old dude is a real gem.
3	Battista's is great. Simply great. And there it is... simple.It's often said of restaurants by restauranteurs is that simple is best, and we've found it here. And right in the middle of the strip no less! What a find!Old Las Vegas adorns the walls, wine casks abound, a dark, busy and welcoming interior, matched by a staff that's used to managing and shepherding packed packed crowds day in and day out.You can eat in the bar area, wait for a table with drinks, or stand around and read the short menu until your reservation comes around. Either way, there's lots to see and take in.The menu is simple, and contains simple Italian food. And yes, everything comes with bread, wine, and soup or salad. What a treat!For $30, Sarah and I stuffed ourselves by splitting the Lasagna, the salad, basket of bread, and three carafes of wine. Including tip! What a steal, as I said, in the middle of the strip! All the menu says is that there's a $10 minimum per person, so why not split all that yummy simple Italian food!This was one of our favorite meals from our last trip. The energy, the location. It was a truly old school Vegas experience. Imagine what it was like when Battista's was just one of a few options along the strip of smaller hotel/gambling outlets.... oh yeah, it was just like this, busy, dark, and simple.
3	Casual setting with good homestyle Italian. I'm a huge Italian food lover, and this place is good. I wouldn't say it's the best I've ever had. I had the veal parmesan with the usual bread, salad and wine. The wine wasn't very tasty. The meals in my opinion are a little over priced, but they do give you a large sized portion. It's a great place for large groups of people or just for a good Italian atmosphere. There is an 90yr old man that walks around entertaining people for about 30 seconds with an accordion and he sings. If he's done, he's expecting a tip.
3	They were surprisingly nice to us despite the fact that we rolled in 20 deep and were obnoxiously drunk.  The all you can drink house red and white were already in carafes on our table and we were ready for more merriment.  Fairly loud restaurant (or maybe we were the ones being loud) that can easily accommodate large groups such as ours.  I'm actually surprised that we weren't kicked out with all the f-bombs that we were dropping.The food seemed well rehearsed, as the bread came out quickly, as well as, the standard single-serving sides of salad or soup.  Our pasta orders were placed fairly quickly and the meal arrived on room service carts.   The after dinner cappuccino, with a healthy dollop of "whipped cream", arrived just as quickly afterwards.  Food is not too spectacular (seemed fairly Costco-y if you know what I mean) but the service was quick and they have a doorman that can take care of your after dinner entertainment.   Parking lot was right in front of the restaurant and fairly safe despite the look of the neighborhood.  They let me leave my car there, overnight, and it was alright the next day.  Made reservations and had to put down 10% on a credit card due to our large party size.    ~$32.5 pp including autograt of 20%.  I probably won't go back for the food, but works for large groups, not interested in buffets but interested in drinking copious amounts of cheap wine in plastic cups.(2* for food, 4* for service)
3	Its kind of like a buca de bepo.  Food is ok.  Nothing really taste fresh, but it doesnt taste that bad either.  Atmosphere is pretty coo but a litte pricey in my opinion.  The best part of my meal i would have to say is the garlic bread in the beginning.  Lasagna was ok and my wife had a chicken dish which was ok as well.   I would go somewhere else unless you have your heart set out on some OK Italian.
3	Great service, great atmosphere, and a bar which is very great when you're waiting for a table during the busy hours!  On the other hand, the food isn't great... to me it's pretty bad.  The linguini with chopped clams was okay... the spaghetti looked and tasted like it sat under the heat lamp all day... the chicken parmegiana was dry.  My friend liked his veal marsala so I guess they can cook a steak.The restaurant itself looks fantastic.  I love the menus and pictures on the brick walls.  They also have stories about the history of las vegas which is nice.  Oh, you also get free bread and wine... free bread and wine never tastes bad. :)So if you want to go to the restaurant for the ambiance, then Battista's is the place to eat at.  But if you're going for the food, then maybe try somewhere else...
4	THe best thing about this restaurant is the great sides.  I love the complimentary wine, garlic bread, salad, and cappucino.  OMG they were amazing.  The food was unfortunately ok.  But, I will definitely return for the garlic bread.  It was amazing!  Also, service was great as well!  OH, the spaghetti and meatballs were delicious.  Definitely get that.
3	Go for the fun stuff on the walls. Yeah, this is your basic italian spot with moderately decent food, but it's cheap, it's fun, and service was excellent. So the table wine may not be something to write home about, but it will get your Mother-in-Law drunk, and that's really all that matters, right?
1	Seriously, I'm not sure how anyone could give this restaurant anything higher then 2 stars. If they did, they should get out more often. Here's the thing, if this place was in a little town in the middle of nowhere, I'd say okay but it's just off the strip in Vegas. The culinary capital of the world people. There are at least 100 superb restaurants within a mile radius, so WHY would you ever go here??? lol but people do and my guess is, they're tourists and they don't know any better. I can pretty much guarantee if you are a local you would never ever choose to go here! The place was packed! We had to wait over an hour, which didn't bother me because there was plenty of seating. The atmosphere is kinda cool but there are plenty of restaurants with that type of atmosphere/decor. The service was not very good. My friends raviolis came out ice cold. I had the chicken parmigiana, it was okay, kinda bland - nothing special. The "free wine" (I use the term free very loosely since I paid $28 for a piece of chicken - I'm sure the price of that nasty free wine was compensated for with the overpriced piece of chicken) was disgusting....the red smelled and tasted like red wine vinegar and the white wine was warm - yes white wine warm!? There was spinach that accompanied my chicken that as soon as I took a bite I wanted to spit out....but of course didn't. It was the most disgusting thing I've ever tasted. I sat and tried to figure out this distinct (overwhelming) flavor in the spinach and when the server came over I asked her if anise was in the spinach. She looked at me in surprise and said you're the only person that has ever guessed what's in that. She said people either love it or they tell her to get it off their plate. I'm guessing the former group is a small group, so I'm wondering why they serve it? Oh gawd it was gross. Black licorice flavored mushy over cooked spinach.....not my idea of good food. Sorry but if you're planning on going, I'd say go across the street to McDonald's and save yourself some money......seriously! BTW - there were a group of Italian speaking guys behind us that got their food as we were leaving......gawd I wish I could have seen their face when they bit into that "Italian" food!!
4	We went here for our last dinner in Vegas and throughly enjoyed the experience.  Comparable in atmosphere to the Rendezvous in Memphis, Battista's had all sorts of celebrity photos adorning the walls, along with a basketed ceiling and a waiting area filled with mini bottles of liquor.  Completing the interior decor is the dinner menu, printed in large print on each wall.Traditionally, I choose chicken Parmesan whenever I eat at an Italian restaurant for the first time; tonight was no different.  The dish came with a side of penne with red sauce and spinach.  It wasn't the best ever but it wasn't the Olive Garden.  Next trip to Vegas, I will pop in this place again.
4	Battista's is a tremendous place to go for a large group dinner. The service is great and the food is fantastic.
4	While this may not be the best Italian food I've ever had, its certainly the best Italian restaurant that I've ever been to.. The ambiance is fantastic.  Complete with the old man with an accordion.  The Garlic Bread is delicious, complete with garlic cloves!  Free Red or White Wine with the meal is also a bonus, and I've never had a better Cappuccino Parking is surprisingly ample too.All and all I really enjoyed my experience at Battista's
4	What great atmosphere.  So nice to get off 'The Strip' and go to a 'real' restaurant.  The service is great, the food is decent, the portions are huge, and the unlimited table wine and garlic bread will shut you down!
2	Warning: After living in Italy for 3 yrs and having an Italian Mother in law, I am an Italian food snob. Better to have high standards than none!Honestly- this place is way over priced and the food not so good. Only good thing going was the decor and the ambiance.Here's the breakdown:1. Food way over priced. Yes, you get salad or soup, garlic bread and free red & white wine. But when you're paying min. $21, the main entree better taste good. And it didn't. Granted the portions are HUGE but still not worth if if the food is bad.2. I ordered the linguini seafood- the seafood part was good but the sauce was bland and tasted too much like tomato paste. The pasta itself was way too al dente. 3. My sister ordered the cheese ravioli- the sauce was also way too bland and there was too much sauce on the dish. 4. For dessert, we sampled the cheesecake- tasted like a frozen cheesecake from a local grocery store. 5. The "cappucino" is really not cappucino. It's more like hot chocolate. Also, as an Italian restaurant, the owners should know better- in Italy, cappucino is a breakfast drink. In the evenings, one drinks espresso with or without liquor in it. 6. Nothing special about the salad or the wines. I can definintely say I have had better wines.7. The guy with the accordion was a little creepy.I would never recommend this place to anyone other than to walk past it.
3	To my chagrin I went here for my wedding dinner. Ack!!!Listen to the folks who say this doesn't hold a candle to real Italian food. This is, indeed, cafeteria food. Way overpriced cafeteria food. I wouldn't be so critical but the price warrants any and all criticism. Really, only a cheap or lazy establishment should post menus on walls.The free wine is garbage... Though some folks (the folks drinking to get drunk) may not mind. If you buy your vino in a box disregard that last statement.The only memorable thing was the mocha coffee dessert. It was good, but short lived.They had a hack accordian player wandering the room for tips too. He was unabashedly terrible. My father, who lived in Naples for a few years, tipped him to play a song that the guy promised he knew how to play. The guy messed around for a minute but did NOT play the right song and DID take dads five bucks first. What a tool!Leaving here we tried to call for a few cabs. One cab showed and one limo, who was stalking the parking lot. The limo disclosed, after taking us for a two minute ride around the corner, that it cost $40!!!!! This was not the restaurants fault, but had they listened when we asked them to call TWO cabs we would have saved $30.RUUUNNNNN!!!
1	The absolute worst Italian food at the most outrageous prices I have ever eaten. I would rather eat at The Italian Garden than here. I had the veal picannte, tough in a horribly thin and weak picannte sauce. My wife had chicken parmesan and it was tough as well. Prices from $21 to $38, this place is way over priced even with the acceptable free white & red wine. The accordian man was cute but an annoyance. This is a tourist trap to be avoided. This food is worse than cafeteria food.
3	Located right behind the Flamingo.  Ambiance is great.  1950's old Vegas style complete with OLD pictures of dead celebrities who have eaten there.  Dinner was $38 with tax and tip.  Included all you can drink red and white wine. (As E40 would say, "I think it was that top of the line wine, Carlo Rossi").Veal parm was great. Included antipasta salad, garlic bread, and capachino (which tasted like Swiss Miss hot chocolate).
1	Terrible. My spaghetti was overcooked and flavorless, the free wine was like vinegar (but what do u expect of free wine), the cappucino tasted like it came from a vending machine, the service was slow, and the old frail man on the accordian was kind of entertaining and cute until he asked for money.
4	Even though I live in Vegas, I didn't hear about Battista's until I was talking to a friend of my brother's who only comes to Vegas once in a blue moon. However, after his suggestion, the wife and I gave it a shot. First, its not the best Italian food in Las Vegas..but it has the best atmosphere by far. When you eat at BHIW you will be taken back to a time when the mafia had more control than the giant corporations. The pictures on the wall include all sorts of famous people, and each little dining area has a bit of a different feel. The menu is basic, and written up on the wall. Dinner is an all inclusive deal, with soup, salad, bread, entree, ALL YOU CARE TO DRINK HOUSE WINE and a cappuccino. The price is higher than other places, but you have to pay a little for the authenticity and proximity to the Strip...as well as the free wine. I've never had anything bad here, and it has become a favorite of my very picky family. The wine isn't the best, but its included! My favorite dish is the manicotti, but I don't dig the spinach that comes with it. The atmosphere is also improved by a little old Italian man who plays the accordion. For a few dollars he will play you a tune. Some people may think this is creepy, but I think its charming.
1	I hate you, Battista. Your food is watery and mushy and it made me sick within my first few hours being in Vegas and I had to spend my Friday night in my hotel room. Let me say that again; I was in bed by midnight on a Friday in VEGAS because I felt like an ewok was clawing its way out of my stomach. Blasphemy! I should have been sick from drinking too much tequila out of a stripper's bellybutton but no! You ruined that, Battista. There was no bellybutton tequila for me that night.I hope you liked the taste of the tears you made me shed. I'm sure they were better than your ravioli and wine that tasted like homeless children had been washing their feet in it.
4	Batista's Hole in the Wall is a Las Vegas landmark. The decor is on of a kind, with all sorts of crap on the walls and strange little collections everywhere. Service is OK, they are what they need to be. With regard to the food, they have a very straightforward menu and the meals include the salad and their amazing bread, as well as the weird cappuccino, which is mostly Swiss Miss hot chocolate. The kitchen is workman-like. They obviously know how to crank this stuff out in the kitchen, but I've been there many times and have always enjoyed what they put on the plate. The food quality and taste is comparable to a chain like the Spaghetti Factory or Buca de Beppo. The atmosphere bumps it up a star, for me.
4	Just took our son with a big group of friends and family to celebrate his 21st birthday on our visit to Vegas.  Been here many times....not it's not 5 start dining, but the food is good, portions are big, the place is fun for a group, and service is good....gotta see/hear Gordie and his accordian.  Just go, drink the 'free' wine and have a blast...
1	This place is terrible. Oh and the wine is not free its just included in the over priced meals I mean really $22 for chicken alfredo and some salty soup and warm bread. Do not go here
4	Finally ate here...very tasty...eclectic and fun! I had one of the spaghetti specials with sausage and it delivered...very tasty. My brother in law wanted something off the menu and they gladly cooked it up for him...Also, love the wine and cap at the end....my hubby wanted just one more glass of the house red and of course they brought over the carafe...very cool. It is a really cute place with so much to look at it. love the menu on the wall idea...we had a great time and look forward to going back. :)
3	Came here with a large group (11) and had a nice little space all to ourselves. We really got a kick out of Gordie the accordion player as he came around and showed us his chops.I have to give some credit to the free table wine - it was flowing freely, and the carafes were always full. The food was good overall. Delicious garlic bread. The minestrone was tasty, and the italian salad was fresh. I decided to try the special for the day - veal osso bucco. The veal was amazingly tender, but the orzo pasta base was a bit lacking in flavor.A fun joint, unless you are about to get whacked.
4	I've been here several times and you can't beat the ambiance. True old school Italian restaurant. Simple menu and good value and fun atmosphere. I love this place and go back as often as possible.That being said, the food is simple and the taste is also. This is not high dining. Odds are you can make food just as good at home, but then, no atmosphere.The "free" wine is questionable, but by the third glass what the hell do you care! ;-)At the end of the meal the deserts are really good but the "cappuccino" really taste like hot chocolate. I must say really good hot chocolate, but not cappuccino. Great place for a big party dinner.
1	WOW!Eating here was an absolute waste of time and money.  How in the hell has this place survived for so long serving below average food?  Such a shame...is it that hard to make decent food?
2	It is hard to review this restaurant without shedding a tear.   I first visited Battista's around 1978.  It was fantastic experience.  Deserved six stars.  That was "before" it became a tourist attraction.  In the early days only the "locals" knew and supported Bassista's.  Battista himself was there as well as some of his family.  An entertainer would come by and tell "very naughty" and also very funny jokes with an Italian flair.  Unlimited wine was also served for one price per person.  The last time I visited was back around 2003.  I was with a very savvy business woman and we ended up in one of the back unused rooms and spoke to several of the original (or close to original) employees.  While Battista's remains an over good place for many - unless you visited them before they expanded decades ago, you'll never know what you are missing.  It wasn't just a good meal, it was an experience.
4	Imagine eating authentic Italian food nestled in a cozy restaurant. Large groups welcome. Sing-a-longs encouraged! All tables receive endless red and white wine and after dinner, served cappuccino. There is not a bad item on the menu (which is located on the wall), but try the lasagna. Also,  it allows an escape from the strip...
2	Gimmicky and a bit Trashy.Bland food, and even worse wine...They only ask you if you want Red or White. That should be indication enough-Simple menu options, and a really sweet "Cappuccino" to end the meal...I went once, and that was more than enough.The old school Italian ambiance is what makes it worthy of that extra star...
5	We came in with a party of 8 on Sept. 11, 2010 at 7:00pm.  The original number of people was 7 but the restaurant had no problem accomodating us.  We were taken to our table promptly and within 5 minutes the waiter came to take our order.  Since we were not ready, we asked him to return 5 more minutes which he did.  The red and white bottle of wine were placed on our table, which I enjoyed.  After our order was taken, we were served soup or salad, and both were very good.  The bread was good as well.  I had the ziti with meat sauce and to me it was very tasty.  My daughter enjoyed the cappuchino.  I'm not sure why other people give this restaurant negative marks.  To me, I loved the service, FREE wine, food and atmosphere.  Would definitely go back again!
4	Kind of like an authentic Buca Di Beppo. This is a great spot for out of town guests and tourists!!!This place has a really fun atmosphere AND all you can drink wine. That's a definite bonus for anyplace on the strip. For about $20 you get wine, soup or salad, garlic bread, main dish and a cappuccino. You can split the entree for an extra $10 and you both get the extras, including the wine. The food is certainly not the best but it's not at all bad considering the portion size and ambiance. Seriously, I've paid close to $20 for a crappy sandwich and fries on the strip and it didn't even come with a soda let alone all you can drink wine...even if it is two buck chuck. I don't care what the rest of you Yelpers with your one and two stars think!We fell in love with the accordion player who's probably been there for decades. He adds just the perfect amount of cheese to the experience. You'll feel like you just stepped out of a scene from Lady and the Tramp.
2	Cool atmosphere, complimentary house wine with your meal. Despite great reviews and a friends recommendation, I didn't think this was really anything special. Shrimp scampi was a bit bland and definitely not the best I've had. Might have been a better deal had I drank lots of wine with my meal.
3	I gotta say ...the food...eh. its ok. but this place is so cute . All you can drink for twenty dollars with your food...the wine is probably carlo rossi or whatever that stuff id that comes in a box, but i wouldnt go for the food. Id go to just look at the pics on the wall and listen to the cute older gentleman serenade me. Its really nice to get away from the main part of the strip crowded with people and full of snobs.. this place has a "family " vibe and I think everyone should visit it at least once. because we all know the "old " vegas landmarks can only hold on for so long before they get plowed over for a new starbucks or mac store can be built in its place...
1	Hole in the Wall?  I think Sh!t hole is more appropriate.  While the server was pleasant and professional, they served my daughter sour, curdled milk.  How does that happen?  The garlic bread was stale, the wine was horrible, neither of my girls could stomach their meatballs and the salad was limp.  It was like stepping back in time... and not a good time.
2	My sorority uses this place for some small events. It's nothing special. When I think of "hole in the wall" i think of a small place that no one knows that is awesome! This place isnt it. The food is so-so. Service is actually pretty good. The place is cramped. It's nto a place that I would go out of my way for... except for sorority events. But I suppose this place is good for a drunken time on the strip for a decent price.
5	As a frequent Vegas traveler, I always look forward to an evening meal at Battista's. The meals are somewhere in the vacinity of $25-$30/person, but you also get a carafe of house wine. If you are lucky, you can also catch this little short old guy playing the accordion, which makes for a romantic evening. The food is fabulous and you won't leave hungry, that's for sure. The place is located right behind Flamingos, so if you are staying on the strip you have to give this place a try.
4	Visited in May of 2009 and headed back for my anniversary trip (boyfriend's first time in Vegas!) in 3 weeks.  If anything changes I'll review again, but my first visit was awesome.  The food was good, certainly not off the charts, but for the price we were not disappointed one bit.  Meals range from about $20-$26, which includes soup or salad, bread, entree, capuccino, and all you can drink house wine.  As with the food, the wine was adequate but not outstanding.  However, I went with three friends before a night at JET, and Battista's certainly got us off to a nice [buzz] start!  Recommended :)
4	This place was a decent meal.  I think you should come to place with low expectations so you wont be disappointed.  The decor and atmosphere is what makes it OK for them to charge $20+ per plate.  The menu is simple and your table wine, soup or salad, entree and after dinner coffee is included.  Like I mentioned above, the atmosphere is very old school Italian and has a great atmosphere.  The service was really good and the food was decent.  If you're expecting a high end meal here you're in the wrong place.  The food is "OK" to "decent" but to call it "really good" is stretching it.  Would I come back?  I think so!
4	You can go on the strip and pay $50+ for your average dinner and $100 for a gourmet dinner; without booze. You can go to Buca or Olive Garden for generic Italian food.-YUCK (the people who think Buca or Olive Garden are true Italian restaurants are the type of people who think Italian is pronounced with a Long i. lol Or you can stop at Battista's which is old world kitschy-old school; dark and woodsy with huge collections of salt and pepper shakers ...the menu is on the wall...prices range from $20-35. Each meal includes soup or salad, garlic bread, carafes of Chablis or Cabernet and your entree and then capp after your meal. I ordered the boring spaghetti and meatballs....loved loved loved the dish.  I rarely finish a meal as pasta seems to fill you up so fast but I hated to leave the pasta bowl. It was a wonderful sauce seasoned just right with huge meatballs-home made. Service was just fine and the accordian was a nice touch.
3	To use a cliche, "it is what it is."This place is basically your family owned Olive Garden with a kitschy decor of trinkets and air/railroad liquor bottles. Free flowing jug wine can turn this $20 pasta entree place into a pretty good deal if you drink enough of it.It's a laid back place just off the Vegas strip behind Flamingo and Sam's (fka Barbary Coast). OK for an occasional visit - just don't go with high expectations.
3	Well upon second glance Battista's is a little less great than I remember... still good but unless you are going for the free-flowing table wine, skip it.  This is not the best italian food, I don't even think it's quite as good as Olive Garden.  The salad was good.  My boyfriend hates salad so he had the minestrone.  I didn't try it but he said it was good.  Both our entrees (lasagna, chicken parmesan) were fine, but nothing to write home (or a yelp review?) about.  The bread was pretty good.  "Cappucino" or as other reviewers have correctly identified it - Swiss Miss was not hot... not even warm actually.  I guess they fill the mugs in large batches?  How hard is it to pour a cup when it's time to serve it?  We went through a carafe of the white and a glass or two of red before hitting the dusty trail back to Bill's Gamblin Hall.Anyway, I like this place... but come on - $22 for lasagna and $26 for chicken parm?  Who are they kidding?  I'd rather pay a more reasonable fee (knock off $10) and then pay a separate price for all you can drink wine.  Because if you don't intend to drink the wine **Read** you are wasting your money.Wish I could give 2 1/2 but I'm rounding up to 3 for the ambiance.  Very cool :)
3	The pasta was OK, but overpriced, before you take into consideration that it is all you can drink wine.  You start with a liter of red and white, and when finished they will give you more.  We where there with a group they all though the food and wine were OK, nothing great.  We may go again, but I feel this is best done with a group of 4 or more.
3	All you can drink wine and accordian, so good your wife will kiss your friends husband!Seriously, the food is your average Italian fare and the atmosphere isn't really classy. But this place is fun!
2	Terrible food, bad value. You show up and they ply you with cheap wine on the house. There's only a set menu including wine, salad or soup, entree, bread and 'cappuccino.' Salad was so limp it  had obviously been sitting in dressing for hours and made me miss the olive garden. They actually managed to make spaghetti with meat sauce taste bad, and I'm not sure how that's even possible. 'Cappuccino' was actually a mug of instant hot chocolate. Would not recommend this place.
3	The food is pretty average italian, but good.The all you can drink wine is what makes it worth the price, so I'd pass if you're not planning on drinking.The old accordian player is pretty sweet as well.
1	I am italian, the experiance that I aved on new year eve was the worst on my life. I will never comin back and never reccomand to anybody! Nothing was italian, it was  orrible!!
5	I enjoyed every second of my meal here and can't comprehend why anyone would write a bad review. If you want to dress up and spend $200 on a meal, go to Sinatra. If you want free wine, fun decor, an accordion player that plays at your table and food like your Italian grandmother used to make, then come here.I got the Chicken Cacciatore and it was better than some other fancy places I've been to. I can't say I love the Marinara, which came with my boyfriends Veal Parmesan (it's on the sweet side), but it wasn't bad.You start off with a basket of hot buttery garlic bread, followed up with a big bowl of Italian salad with their excellent house Italian dressing (or Minestrone soup if you want it) and then you get your meal. I did think the plates were a little small... I would have loved more pasta to use with that delicious Cacciatore sauce.Your meal is followed up with a hot chocolate-esque flavored Cappucino. By this point you would have realized you're not getting Starbucks here.Gordy the accordion player comes to every table and asks you where you're from. Then he'll hit a few keys and attempt a song related to your state. Ask him to play more and he will, just don't forget to tip! I only had the red wine, but for free wine, it's not half bad!This place really reminded me of my Italian grandmother and the food she used to cook up every Sunday. I'd take that over a $200 meal at some posh Italian joint anyday. Our flight got canceled and we already plan to go back before we leave.
4	Really good food.  Decent prices for Vegas.  Nice deal with the meal that includes salad and unlimited wine.  Good place with festive decor.
2	Came here with 15 other girls and expected to have much more fun than we actually did. The house wine was below average but the salad and garlic bread were good.  We waited for the accordion player but he never showed up. I had the chicken Parmesan which was good and a very substantial amount of food.  The host was fun and took plenty of pictures when we asked, we just expected a better time.
4	Awesome atmosphere and great food. The cappuccino was actually hot cocoa with whip cream but other than that it was a fun experience. Very accomodating for our big group of 10. The wine was better than good too. Quick service, fast food. Overall, we were all happy with a good base before a night of drinking.
4	Love the Garlic Bread, with wine.What Battista's lacks in awesome food, is made up for in atmosphere and charm.It's like the GoodFella's brought their cousin's here back in the day and left them here after Vegas cleaned up it's act.It isn't the Olive Garden, so don't expect some sort of chain restaurant trying to go over the top with flavorful, catchy sounding entree's that really aren't Italian.It's just simple Italian dishes, you eat what they serve you, if you don't like it...scram.The menu is screwed into the wall with woods screws...because that's just the way it is.
4	Okay, I sort of feel like trying to write an honest to goodness serious review of this place is akin to trying to write and honest to goodness serious review of, say, The Big Lebowski. First; it's a moot point, and second, it robs the experience of some of it's charm.In a nutshell; I've never had a great meal here, the food is average at best and the free wine at the tables is pretty horrendous. But, let's be realistic, anyone who walks by this place, looks in, and thinks "Hey, this place looks like it serves Great food!' should probably have their head checked out.What makes this place such an experience is the atmosphere. Imagine if you opened a restaurant and left the interior decorating to your 87 year old grandmother. Also imagine that you only gave her a budget to collect her decorations from the local Goodwill.Yes! there is a wall and ceiling under there somewhere, but they are currently being held up by the bunches of plastic grapes, and Duke Ellington record covers.The place is literally covered floor to ceiling with knicknacs. And that little crooked old man playing the accordian? He's possibly been there since the restaurant opened.In short; if you want great food in 'classy' Vegas, you should probably go elsewhere, classy this is decidedly not. If you want something you will talk about for awhile, come here.
1	My fiance and I finally had a date night after I don't know how long and we had heard this place had been in Vegas for a long time and had an old school feel to it plus great food and all you can drink wine. Double bonus....but to our surprise the food was sooo tv dinner ;but with less flavor and 1000% increase in price than Stouffers...which would have been tremendously better.  The service was good, and the salad was average. The garlic bread had flavor but was stale, and my fettuccine alfredo had no flavor...i had to salt my dish 4 times! My finance's dish was equally disappointing...and the wine tasted like it came out of a cardboard box. We are foodies and my fiance just so happens to be a chef that cooks the cuisine of northern and southern Italy..so this was the worst food we had ever paid for.  Never again.....could have made good food for 40 for the price we paid.  If you have the palate of the average person, I would definitely suggest saving your money and either going to the frozen food section of the grocery store or cooking at home.  Even if you cant cook, look up a recipe and try it yourself.  It would be more fun and better tasting ........REGARDLESS!!!!!
4	I think this place deserves better reviews.  It is about 2 blocks off the strip distance wise.  In other ways, it is years away from the Strip and that is a good thing.  No CHA CHING CHING CHING of the slot machines and no Paris Hilton wanna bees (don't get me wrong, I like that but need a respite).  Good food and reasonably priced.  If you are on the Strip and getting overloaded, go here.
5	Battista's will always have a special place in my heart. My boyfriend proposed to me here. The food is great (the garlic bread is the best hands down) I love the atmosphere, and the service is all done with a smile. The menu hangs on the wall at each booth, free wine, and hearty portions of food. You will not leave hungry. The parking is a mess and the strip mall is very questionable, but they have a posted guard which made me feel safe going to and from our car. LOVE THIS PLACE!! Just try it!!
5	HID-DEN GEM!  HID-DEN GEM!Well, maybe not so hidden since we had to wait about 15 minutes for a table even with a reservation, but this place really does look like a "hole in the wall".  I've been to Vegas several times and had never heard of this place even though it was steps from the strip.The decor is kind of cheesy, but the service was impeccable and the food was absolutely delicious.  And seriously, all you can drink wine, garlic bread, soup/salad and side of pasta with every entree for under $30??   That's one of the best deals anywhere, let alone Vegas.I got the sauteed salmon... the fish was really fresh and the sauce on it was delicious.  Tried bites of a lot of my friends pasta dishes.  Absolutely everything I tried was outstanding.  I really wasn't expecting much of the food... I kind of thought this was going to be more of a cool experience than anything else.  I was very pleasantly surprised.The accordion player was absolutely adorable also.
4	My friends and I always start our trip to Vegas with this restaurant.  It has good food, a social crowd, and all you can drink wine.  That's right - all you can drink wine comes with the meals!How could you not want to start off your stay in Vegas with a full belly and good, hard buzz?  And call me superstitious, but the drunken sports bets my buddies and I place after our meal always end up doing better than our sober bets...So stop by, I recommend the Chicken Rio, and have some fun.  Oh, and if you spill some wine on the table, splash a nearby patron, and park yourself at the table for way-to-long, don't worry - it seems that everyone is used to it.  Trust me, I know from experience (my apologies Battista's)...
5	Every time I go to Vegas, I look forward to eating at Battista's.Every dish I've sampled here has been delicious.  It's all simple, good Italian cooking.  Meals range from like $18-30 depending on what you get, and that includes soup or salad, bread, wine, and a cappuccino for dessert.  Definitely a great deal, especially in this town.  Eat 'til you explode and drink yourself stupid on house wine...the Strip and all the tourists cramming it up get way more entertaining that way.The decorations are kitschy, but that's part of the charm.  The tables are a little crammed together in some areas; this is more a homey, friendly atmosphere than a quiet, romantic restaurant.  Be sure to keep a few small bills handy to tip Gordy, the restaurant's accordionist.  He's an absolute trip.Reservations are definitely recommended if your party is larger than two people and/or you don't like to wait over an hour for a table.
5	Old time Vegas at its best. Great ambiance compared to ultra glitz and glamor of mega casino restaurants. Food was very good. Carafe of house wine, salad and garlic bread were all great. My true test of any Italian restaurant is the spaghetti and meatballs. Their meatballs were some of the best I've had. Spaghetti could have used a little more sauce? I like a lot of sauce. Asked the pleasant wait staff and they brought me a soup-bowl of extra sauce. I would definitely come back. Seems to be a locals favorite which is always a good sign.
5	One of the two places we go when in Vegas ( which is 2 times a year) Love the place. You seem to expect the Rat Pack to walk in any time....Love it....
3	We came here for dinner a few nights ago with family. The decor is fun, and the staff is friendly.Red and White wine is included with dinner, I can't drink because i'm pregnant, but the family enjoyed it. The man says that the free red wine was good. :)Also included with dinner is soup or salad, and garlic bread. The garlic bread was good, nice and warm. I really liked the dinner salad, but I had to pick some of the stuff out before I could eat it (no lunch meat or unpasteurized cheese), it was perfectly dressed though. The soup was run of the mill, nothing memorable.I had spaghetti with meat sauce and a side of italian sausage. It tasted good, not great, but there was barely any sauce on it, and i'm the kind of girl that likes a lot of sauce with her pasta so I can dip bread in it. There was always a different person waiting on the table, never the same person twice, and they didn't come around that often, so I didn't get a chance to ask for more sauce. However, besides that, the staff was very friendly when they did come around, and the guy playing the accordion was adorable.After dinner everyone gets free cappucino, ( yet another thing i can't have, WTF man, it's a conspiracy!) the family all enjoyed it.When we go back to Vegas I don't think we'll head back here, overall it was just ok.
1	I don't understand why anyone would eat here. it's not Italian food. it's American crap that's one step below chef boyardee. if you ate here and like the food you need to come out from the rock you've been living under and try a real restaurant.to be fair, the garlic bread is yummy
2	I have gone to this place for years and USED to really love it.  I still love the atmosphere, but the food has gone WAY down hill.  If your looking for great decor, friendly staff and poor food this is your place.Seems that they are resting on their fame now only.
4	I love the concept of having the menu on the wall in several places to make it easy to see what you want and remember what you ordered. I also enjoyed the convenience of the "pre-fixe" menu, in that you get the wine, bread, soup/salad and entree included with every dinner. The only downfall to this is if you aren't hungry enough for all of the food that's coming your way. It would be nice to be able to order just an entree or soup/salad, but I the current system works as well.   The bread was AMAZING!!! The eggplant parm was AMAZING, even though it didn't have spaghetti included, but I wasn't hungry enough for that anyway.   Stay away from the white wine if you like things that taste good. It's all about that red wine. Unless, of course, the red wine carafe is empty, in which case drink up that free booze!  Overall, a great experience. Loved the accordion player. And cheap booze at the bar! $6 whiskey and coke!!!
1	Nasty nasty nasty food and wine thats all I can say Nasty Nasty Nasy
2	Very very meh. The food was ok, the wine was nasty. Had fun with the group of people I was with, but it's not likely I would go back.
3	I like the atmosphere in this easy laid back hole in the wall.The food is average but the all you can drink wine helps.Garlic bread is great salad is nice.To me Gordie is the star of this place,Gordie walks from table to table with his accordion asks where your from or why your there and breaks into song,just tip him great entrainment .Keep in mind that Gordie once stood over 6ft tall but carrying around that accordion for over 40 years has caused him to shrink!
2	I should have read the yelp reviews first...I'm surprised at the people who believe this is an authentic Italian restaurant.  I admit, I was pulled in by the sign...I was given the impression that this was an old school italian joint so I thought maybe the food had a chance.I'd rather go to Olive Garden and that's pretty sad.  Beware of any restaurant that has a bunch of bullshit on their walls and some dancing monkey doing tricks.  It's usually a sure sign that they're trying to distract you from their mediocre food.This is pretty much standard SYSCO food supply.  I ordered the cioppino, my girlfriend got the veal parm.  The cioppino was acceptable, but still a bit bland.  Not much seafood and like 5 strings of pasta at the bottom.My girlfriend's veal was very bad.  Had a strange aftertaste that for me, made it fairly inedible.Everyone mentions the garlic bread.  Sure, it's good, but it's garlic bread.  If you go to an Italian restaurant and your lasting impression was the garlic bread, the restaurant has failed.I didn't need the accordion guy.  Again with the gimmicks.  I know people think that guy is cute and funny, etc, but personally, I found him very uncomfortable.  He bets on that uncomfortable to you pass him some money so he'll go away.  I felt kind of bad for him.  In a town where selling your soul for the hustle is standard practice, I didn't need it in my face while I'm trying to have a good meal.I've been eying this place for a while, so I'm glad I got it out of the way but with all the great restaurants in this city, I felt like I wasted an opportunity.
3	I'd always heard about this place when I lived out here, but never got around to eating here until now. While back in town, a group of five colleagues went here for a weeknight meal before heading out to a show. Food was solid and classic. Loved the garlic bread. My lasagna was good and I enjoyed the white wine (though I've read others may not care for it here in the Yelp reviews...) With two carafes on the table, you've got your choice.  The decor was a hoot. I wouldn't be surprised to hear that Buca di Beppo design was inspired from this place. Not the best Italian food I've every had, but a fun experience. And it ain't a chain. Bonus points for that!
4	I had a blast here, and sort of wish that the accordion guy was my grandpa, but that may have been the all you can drink wine talking. This is definitely an "experience" type of restaurant... don't come here if you are a huge foodie looking for authentic Italian food. The inside of this place is totally kitsch and slightly cheesy, but I loved it. There is a fixed menu, everyone picks their entree and that includes salad and bread and among other things.... all the wine you can drink. The red wine was great! Not the best wine I've ever had, it tasted like sort of a cheap chianti. My salad was very tasty, and the cheese ravioli I had were good, but I liked my companion's dishes better. They treated our birthday guest to a great little song and dessert, and we had a blast laughing and talking with the tables around us. Like I said, it's more about the atmosphere than the food, so take that for what it's worth!
2	1. Overall, a mediocre mix of food and generic experience. It is truly, by all definitions - a tourist trap. One sign of this is that it is only open after 5 pm daily. Literally, a bus or two will come through every evening as far as I can tell. (I am a 36 year resident of Las Vegas.)2. First, the food. Olive Garden is at least two levels better in quality. My wife and I believe the sauce is simply canned, nothing more or less. The lasagna, again, normal. Any degree of spice or uniquity is simply altogether missing. Strangely enough, the garlic bread was good and so was the expresso - small victories for a higher, mid-level priced dinner.3. I think the 'never-ending' free wine basically makes many customers happy in lieu of good food. It's normal.4. The wait was was long - 30 minutes, because of the tour bus. The bar drink we had while waiting was experience.5. With all due respect, the accordion player with the disability, was playing off of peoples emotions. He would play a few seconds literally, say the same thing to most of the tables in the room - most of it was geared towards how beautiful the female was, everyone would give him money,and then 30 minutes later, the same routine, and same peddling for money. It's not right. We felt pressured to do as the other tables did and give him a few bucks each time.6. Of all the Italian places to eat in Las Vegas, I would never suggest this place to eat. Fast-food or sit-down are all superior to this. 7. As I read in another review, it is true that the decor is somewhat interesting with vintage Las Vegas pictures. But does this overcome the shortcomings? No. I am torn between 1 and 2 stars.
5	Great restaurant with authentic Italian food and a fantastic environment.  The price is the best I've seen in Vegas, without sacrificing the quality.  Highly recommend!!!!
4	I think the food deserves three stars, but really... unlimited wine?  How could I give it any less than 4 stars? (Disclaimer: Since they do offer unlimited wine here, please keep this in mind as you read this review.  Due to certain reasons, I may have somewhat of a selective memory.)I've gone here with big groups on trips to Vegas before we go out.  Always make reservations if you have large groups!  The place is huge, but usually pretty crowded.  They have their food menus written on the walls, and they have these meal combinations that include an entree, salad or soup, bread, a hot chocolate type drink, and of course... as much red and white wine as you want!  I believe they range $20-30.  But again I repeat... unlimited wine.I usually go with the eggplant parmesan, which is delicious.  Cheesy goodness.  Probably a 3.5 star, but gets the job done for a dinner before a night of dancing and drinking.  Other things that friends have ordered just looked okay.So I know I keep talking about the wine, but what really stands out to me about this place.... is the first time I went here, they gave us two giant to-go cups of wine!  I'm talking Big Gulp size!  That's the Vegas spirit!
4	good food.. actually great food (the wine sucked) but again food was delicious.
3	Was desperate for food. Stumbled in here. There was a huge line. We waited a hour. I was disappointed. The set meals were run of the mill. Try somewhere else unless you are really hungry. The decor is cool,I thought there was going to be mob hit LOL,
1	I'm really not one to give crappy reviews.  If you check my yelp ratings, you'll see that I usually only review things that i LOVE or HATE.  Battista's Hole in the Wall...i HATE this restaurant.  It's SOO over-priced -- yes you get free wine, but it tastes like vinegar; yes you get a "set" menu, but it sucks.  everything just  tasted SOOO bad.  I can't believe the waiters don't feel bad serving you this food.  Also, that little accordion man...he's sooo creepy.  shamelessly panders by playing a BAD song to get a tip at your table.   BEWARE.  DON'T GET TRICKED BY THE 4 STAR REVIEWS LIKE I DID.  DO NOT COME HERE.
3	We have been here for two years in a row as a post carb-up meal for the Las Vegas Rock n' Roll Half Marathon in December.  The food is fine, and the atmosphere is awesome, cheesey yes, but fun.  Wine is included, and you can order from a variety of dishes off giant menus on the wall - and the best Accordian player makes his rounds and sings songs to you!  We love throwing bucks his way to hear him sing state-specific songs to us like "California Here I Come", and "New York, New York".  I think next time I am going to be from Oklahoma.Its perfect for a big group - make sure you have a reservation because its been packed when we have been there.You can either park in the lot or walk from the strip (its back behind Flamingo/etc.)
4	Visited on 7/11/2011 for my friend Tim Young's 37th birthday.This place rocks, (Thank you Phil Browning!)PROS: OVERALL FEEL.. This place is THE authentic Italian joint! Everything from the Over sized (bullet proof?) door, to the personally signed photo of Elvis Presley (The King) and all other photos, this place overwhelmingly reminded me of an Italian restaurant out of the movie CASINO.  (WITH ALL DUE RESPECT  :)   ) I think this place is where Bucca di Beppo got its inspiration with with real food that doesn't come from a bag...THE BREAD: FUGHETABBOUT IT.....  Just remember, ask for the oil & vinegar. Delish!THE WINE: ALL YOU CAN DRINK HOUSE WINE. Enough said.THE FOOD: I had the spaghetti w/ Sausage Cacciatore.  Really, really good!THE SERVICE: Our waiter patiently explained all the ins and outs of each dish giving a well scripted definition of the dish which set the expectation of the guest. CONS: Be prepared to pay around $30 per person, but hell it's Vegas and every trip should have at least one solid meal.OVERALL:Great conversation, Great food, Great environment.And as always friends and neighbors, when it comes to Food, Drink or Overall Value........Always trust a FAT MAN! :).Pat WaltersAnaheim, CA
5	love this place, no trip to Vegas is complete without visiting here.  Go with a big group and be loud and fun, or go with an intimate date.
3	This is truly a hole in the wall AND a perfect place to come hang when you want a nice environment with a quiet ambience. They supposedly have an accordion player. Cure place, I'll definitely make it  one of my "locals" getaway.I've been told that the food here "aint' bad", I'll get back with you when I know more about that, but for now, it's such a great place for groups of friends to hang out together, be NEAR the Strip but not on it,  have a great bar, drinks that aren't overpriced, Cider (which I love) and, at some point...some dude on accordion. Where, in Vega$$, can you get all that???
1	This place is so over rated, it's not even funny.   First of all, way to expensive. 20 plus dollars for everything. Any type of pasta dish is over 20 bucks.   Secondly the food. I ordered the veal parma. It was not fresh, it tasted frozen and reheated. Not mention it was over thirty dollars. They serve it with a side of some green stuff I couldn't make out what is was. Maybe spinach. Tasted like dirt. It also came with a side of pasta. Under cooked. I tried my wives pasta, it to was under cooked.   It's a bottomless house wine place. I think the price of this place is trying to make up for this free house wine.  I was celebrating my return to work and my wife's vacation. A friend of mine joined us. He has been here at this restaurant fifteen years ago. He warned us it isn't all that. I never have been here before.I should of took his advise and went to my favorite Italian restaurant down the street. Bucca di Beppo (it would of been a lot cheaper also). Did I mention I know the ex-chef. I'll be sending him a personal note also. The other reviews I have read talks a lot about the ambience. It seemed old. It looked like it needed a good cleaning threw out the dinning area. I didn't feel like home. I'm Italian and this is not 'authentic' italian food. I know authentic and the difference of re-heated.  All in all I will not be returning to this place ever....
1	No.  We went here, since we had a group of 8 and it was late on our first night in Vegas, and it was close.  What a mistake.  This place is so overpriced it is laughable.  Paid $23 for cheese tortellini with "meat sauce".  With that you get a salad, garlic bread, and their house wine (red wine vinegar, perhaps?).  My pasta had clearly been sitting in a vat too long, and there was no meat to be found in the sauce.  I could have done better with a bag of frozen pasta and a jar of Ragu, and I hate Ragu.Seriously, I don't know why anyone who reads these reviews would come here.  Dining in Vegas can be pricey and it can be bad, but at Battista's you get both in one visit.
1	The is overpriced olivegarden. I would not recommend this place to anyone. I go to Italy every year and this food does not even come close to the taste. Try the spinach its canned for sure and taste like black licorice. The Red sauce taste canned  I really hope someone goes there and trys the sauce and spinach and tell me im not right. Terrible
4	$27 + tip for a very hearty and tasty meal!   I got a dinner salad, delicious, chicken Parma with a side of pasta and marinara sauce, I've had better but I wasn't dissatisfied, endless white wine, pretty good also, and a cappucino (didn't really drink it because I was stuffed!).  I'd go back again and I'd definitely recommend it.  The waitress was also very attentive.  A very good experience!  4 stars because I wasn't blown away!
1	I read the reviews and should have steered away...but it looked interesting.  Salad was wilted, menus are on the wall, with no explanation so you are ordering blind, service was NOT with a smile from the bartender to the waitress, to the server who helped the waitress, and the waitress never checked back to see how everything is.  Terribly overpriced for what you get, and as an Italian, this does not even pass for a facsimile thereof!  Stay away for sure.  I only gave them one star, as I had to fill something in, they should get no stars!
4	I give battista's four stars due to the fun atmosphere and experience altogether.  The lively staff and the accordian player always make me happy to be here and I have always had a wonderful time dining.  I feel that the food is prettty good, but not really anything extraordinary.  But with unlimited refills on carafes of wine and the delicious cappuccino to finish the meal... you can't go wrong.  Bonappetit!
4	This place is only one block off the strip, behind the Flamingo.  Mr Man and I love this place for their unlimited house wine with your meal.  I love their Seafood pasta, Eggplant Parmigiana, and their Linguine with Clam.  Mr Man recently tried their Special of the Day - a huge 16oz steak with mashed potatoes.  All the guys' jaws dropped when that big ol' hunk of meat came out.  All the guys tried it and instantly regretted not ordering the steak. hahahah Regardless, we all loved the food and had such good service from our waiter.1 star taken due to being a bit pricey.  But hey, it's only 1 block away from the strip so you can't expect it to be cheap!
3	The first time we went here, it was one of my favorite stops to eat at in Sin City. But after our last visit, the novelty has kind of wore off. Battista's is located about a block off of the strip behind the Flamingo. Plenty of parking right by the door. Expect a little wait, but it's worth it. We usually pass the time by stopping at the dive bar in the same parking lot for a couple cheap PBRs.Like other reviewers have noted, it is a bit overpriced. You can expect to pay in the neighborhood of $60 with tip for two adults. But hey, it's Las Vegas, who cares!? You wont leave hungry or without being at least mildly buzzed. My wife usually gets fettucini and I'll order Spaghetti and Meatballs. As soon as your wait-staff approaches your table you are offered a craft of house wine. Its good enough, you wont be disappointed. The garlic bread is very very good and i'm usually not that generous with garlic bread. My wife gave the salad a thumbs up and you can sub applesauce for the picky eater in your crowd. The entree portions are large and we have no complaints with the food at all. The complimentary desert Cappuccino is AWESOME. I don't drink coffee or cappuccino and I love it.  I think its closer to hot chocolate than any kind of coffee/cappuccino. But seriously, it's a tasty way to round out the meal.The biggest bummer is the increasingly creepy accordion player. The first time we went to Battista's we were entertained and thought it was a neat touch, the rest of my family loved him as well. He'll ask you where you're from, pretend to play a song associated with that place and mumble out-of-tune some lyrics for 20-30 seconds and then stand there uncomfortably until he sees some money. I didn't really have a problem until our last visit. Being that we were on vacation, I didn't have any bills smaller than a $50. We hoped to avoid him, but he was unavoidable. Once he was done singing his 20 second off-key rendition of "Back home again in Indiana", we thanked him as he tapped on the money clip on his Accordion. I explained that we appreciated it and we would catch him later in the night once we paid our bill. We got a snide, "Well I guess we'll just see about that" back at us. Super awkward and embarrassing moment in front of my wife and others seated near by. Really!? We're here eating $30 plates of spaghetti, do you really think i'm trying to cheat you out of a couple bucks for a tip? We're on vacation and only have large bills/credit cards. Once we paid our bill my wife tracked him down and gave him a tip, but made sure to tell him how disappointing he made our stop.It wasn't until I read a few reviews on here that I found out I was not alone. We decided we're just going to decline as soon as he steps up to our table if we go back in the future. Though it would be fun to try out some new places and see if he has a song for Madagascar, Bokoro, or somewhere else equally obscure.I'm not saying I wouldn't recommend this place to someone else, but the accordion guy can suck one. If you try somewhere exotic, post and let me know what he plays.
5	Complementary Wine with dinner...Sold! Meals include salad and garlic bread as well as a cappucino after your meal. Prices are between 18 to 36 dollars...for all that you are getting the prices are decent. The food is amazing..I have been here a few times and have always left satisfied and happy! The place screams old Hollywood with pictures of actors from back in the day. Lots of charm and the service is excellent. If you are in Vegas and are tired of all the usual buffets and such..check this place out ...you will be glad you did,
1	This was our second visit.  Went last year and it was good.  This year, everything was bad.  The white wine was warm.  The salad was pre-made and wilted.  Last year the cheese in the salad was real mozzarella but this year it was cheap crinkle cut white cheese.  UGG!    My ravioli was hot but had no flavor.  I tried using salt and the grated cheese to give it some kind of flavor but it was no good.  We were given a booth in a corner and told to sit there.  No one helped pull out the table so we could get behind the table.  We were able to avoid the accordion player but heard others who were not so lucky.  The cappuccino was not even warm.  Heard the people next to us say that even Ragu spaghetti sauce tastes better and we agreed.  We were so looking forward to eating here, but after last week, we will never go back.  I know times are hard,  but where you cut corners by serving inferior food, you are killing your business.Pretty bad that we had to go out to dinner at another place right after paying the hole in the wall for their "dinner".
2	For years, DH and I have wanted to visit Battista's when in Vegas.  Finally, on Wednesday, November 23, the day before Thanksgiving, we came to have dinner.  It definitely gets a star for environment.  It's like stepping into Old Vegas.  You expect to see Sinatra and his Rat Pack sitting around the corner.  DH and I commented that our parents would have been right at home in this replica of the 1960s Italian hangout.We were seated and immediately offered red and white wine.  As the waitress said, "It's on the house."  Of course, it's on the house.  It's common red table wine, a bit vinegary for my taste but what the heck!Immediately, DH said, "Look at the tablecloth." I glanced down to see old food stains on the tablecloth.  Don't they wash their table clothes??  Yuck!   Should have gotten up and left right there.We saw our waitress three times.  When she brought the wine.  When she took our order.  And, when she brought the bill.  The second star goes to the young man who was the bus boy.  He took it upon himself to serve our food and check up on us.  Now, let's talk food.  Having the menu off the wall was a cute gimmick.  DH ordered the Chicken Cacciatore and I ordered the Manicotti.  His soup was ok but a bit watery with a few veggies floating on it.  I had the salad.  Really liked the dressing that came with it.  A bit strange to see a piece of lunch meat on the top of a green salad, however.Our entrees came.  Extremely generous portions.  Both of us commented that we could have shared one dish.  DH's chicken had a very interesting sauce on top.  I've never seen an off red sauce on Chicken Cacciatore before. I had a bite and the sauce tasted like it had tons of celery.  DH liked it.  Whatever was placed in front of me was definitely not Manicotti.  Manicotti is a long tube pasta.  I got what looked like a round ravioli filled with way too much ricotta cheese.  We didn't have their dessert drink because it doesn't come decaf.  The nice bus boy brought us decaf coffee instead.  Overall, average food if the prices were low.  But, considering the prices ($20s and $30s), it's outrageously  and inexcusably bad.Finally, I want to say something about the creepy old man with the accordion.  I know that some people think he's absolutely adorable.  Sorry, I don't share the feeling.  He really made me feel very uncomfortable by leaning into me.  I even told DH to quickly tip him so he could leave us alone.  Thankfully, he never came back for more.  We came, ate, and will never come back.
1	I feel so sorry for people that come here as a tourist or with out of town guests.  Folks, this is as bad as it gets.  Living in Las Vegas I can deal with having a crappy restaurant experience and paying too much because sometimes you just don't know or have a choice.  Unfortunately, I had never been here and had a couple of out of town guests who googled Italian food on their phone and this one popped up and was close to their hotel.I tried to steer them away from this place as restaurants on or near the strip are usually incredibly overpriced and the food is usually at best mediocre.   Well my attempt at steering them to a known commodity did not work.Battista's it was.I'm not going to get into details on this place as they have been discussed ad nauseum on Yelp.The food in this place is not only unpalatable but is probably dangerous.  Chemical tasting food that I can picture being cooked up in large tubs in the back is what this place serves.The 'wine' they serve is not quite up to the same quality someone on food stamps would buy to use as cooking wine.  Don't get me wrong I don't mind cheap wine but this stuff was not fit to be consumed by humans.To top it all off they serve a Nescafe Corn Syrupy type chocolate drink at the end.This place has a cozy ambiance according to other review but that's where the positives end.  This place preys on unsuspecting tourists who don't know any better until it's too late.  I can't imagine anyone ever going back to this place.This place treats its customers like cattle, well, maybe worse actually.  They could care less about your experience and possible return business since they are located in a spot that see's a few million new visitors each year.  This restaurant wouldn't last 3 months in another city that must rely on return customers and positive word of mouth.Please people do not go to this awful place with these awful people.  This restaurant represents everything that is wrong with the Las Vegas dining scene.
2	We were recommended this hotel by a local.Walking in, I was delighted. Fun to look around (as we waited an hour to be seated).  While waiting we were approached and asked if we'd like a drink. When we asked what they had, we were told 'there's a long list on the table behind you' - the table with people sitting at it.  FYI - they have a full bar, but nothing on tap.So, the food. Great salad and a yummy hot chocolate they call cappuccino.  The garlic bread and wine that also come with the meal were mediocre. The food was...just ok. I guess when I pay $30 for a bowl of spaghetti I am expecting to get wowed!  Not the case here - and the portion is not a family style portion which would have helped explain the cost.We were entertained by the accordian player - sweet, little old man who made us smile and enjoyed the overall ambience of the restaurant. Not sure I would return, or even suggest to it a friend though.
3	Not the best Italian food, but pretty decent and the cost covers everything. So even though $20 is a bit high for some spaghetti, it comes with house wine, salad/soup and after dinner coffee/cappaccino/hot chocolate.Food size is quite large and filling. Flavors have a lot of garlic, which I like, but is not to everyone's taste. Everything tastes good and was cooked well. I think it's better than an Olive Garden and actually has better quality.Ambiance dark and cozy with a ton of random stuff on the walls. Definitely book reservations if you can. There is not a lot of room to stretch out and the tables are tightly packed in.We came here the night before the Las Vegas Rock N Roll Marathon for some carb loading. Reservations were key; there was a 3 hour wait when we left at 8 pm.
3	This is good old school Italian. For $32 We got soup (delicious minestrone) or salad, garlic bread, very good veal parmigiana, a full liter of house wine and a delicious cappuccino for dessert. It was worth the cost.
5	Great little hole in the wall! Free wine with dinner so you can't go too far wrong. The portions are huge so girls I would suggest sharing especially if you plan on going out after! The best is they have an elderly probably ninety year old little Italian man that plays the accordion he alternates between take me out to the ball game and I left my heart in San Francisco... It's fabulous!  This is a true las Vegas gem that is a nice break from the neon lights of the strip
4	This is always a favorite of mine when I go to Vegas.... I think primarily due to the atmosphere.  The food was above average but not stellar.  For the price you a large quantity of food and free house wine.  It's a price performer and worth the trip here.
4	I love finding a good hole in the wall restaurant.  The food was excellent and so was the service.  Complimentary garlic bread and two carafes of wine was a plus.  I had the chicken rio which I highly recommend.  Overall, a great fun experience.  Will definitely return when I'm back in Las Vegas, NV.
5	This place was outstanding.  The salad, the bread, the lasagna and more wine than we could drink!  Atmosphere was so cool I thought I was in Italy.  Definitely a must do!  Located behind Flamingo.
4	The atypical Italian Restaurant, huge portions, wine, checkered tablecloths, wine bottle centerpiece holding a candle. When last in Vegas, my friend John had said he came here a few years earlier and raved about the white clam sauce. He mentioned at least a pound of succulent little morsels of clams over a full pound of linguini. It was our last night in Vegas, and frankly, I was sick of buffets.We arrived, and if I hadn't been shown how to find this place I would have never found it, It literally is a hole in the wall. But when you enter the place is a full sized eatery. It's like Bucca De Beppo without the clutter. Our waiter arrived just seconds after being seated, dressed in black pants and a white shirt, slicked back hair, looking around, all the waiters looked like clones of each other. With him were two carafes of wine, red and white. Then he expertly explained the daily specials, including an eggplant lasagna that sounded amazing. But I had my heart set on this amazing linguini with white clam sauce. John ordered the eggplant lasagna, and I ordered the Linguini, and we said we'd share since the portions were so huge. John also got a meatball.We sat a bit talking about our success at the blackjack table and how we were always so close on the Roulette table. I had a good day at the sports book, picking the Steelers over the Browns (duh) and picking the rams and teasing them with Buffalo. So yeah, I was picking up the tab. Not bad wine for being free. Garlic bread was delivered, nice and cheesy, garlic out the wahzoo! Very good indeed.Our waiter arrived with two HUGE, oversized bowls, one containing my linguini, the other the eggplant lasagna. and two smaller plates for us to share. (no extra charge for sharing!) Can I say I come from a big Italian family, I saw my father eat healthy amounts of pasta at one setting, but I had never seen a bowl of linguini with clams as big as this for one person. I even said to the waiter "are you sure this is mine and not for a table of four?" He assured me this was a single serving. I swear it was over a pound of pasta and a pound of clams. Fresh grated Ramono cheese was dusted over the top, and plenty of cracked pepper. He even left the cheese grater and a healthy block of cheese at the table for us to help ourselves.The pasta was perfectly al dente, a bit of bite and wonderful flavor from the clams. The clams were very tender, meaty and succulent. John's Eggplant Lasagna was very dense, flavorful, but a bit greasy from frying the eggplant. There was a lot of different cheeses used, I could taste ricotta, Parm, Romano, and a smokey cheese, maybe Provolone? Aside from the grease, it was delicious, rich and tasty. The meatball was very dense, stuffed with all kinds of fresh herbs and garlic. It was easily six ounces.Battista's is a great place in a great city, after you've had your fill of buffets and quick bites, go have a wonderful sit down meal at an Italian restaurant that does it right.
1	Long Long ago Battista's used to be one of the Better Italian Restaurants in Vegas. It has now taken over as the WORST Italian Restaurant in Vegas (knocking Capo's to second worst). I can't imagine that Battista or Desi or any of the Battista family member have anything to do with it anymore because of how terrible it is. It has expanded over the years and still has the look and charm of its better days. The hostess doormen are friendly. "The future is in your hands" sign next to the mens urinals is still there. I took a friend here that has never been but always wanted to try it. I hadn't tried it for 7 years so I was happy to revisit again with my BFF. I remember 7 years ago, the food was going down hill and was average at best, but everyplace deserve a second change and especially since it had been so long. It was just the 2 of us and we were seated shortly after our 7pm reservation in the section to the back left as you face the kitchen.  The meal comes with your choice or Minestrone soup or salad, garlic bread, wine  with whatever dish you order. The wine is in large carafes on the table when you are seated. 1 is white the other a red blend. It comes with the 3 ounce glass. The wine is drinkable but its basically church wine.Even though I'm not usually a white wine fan the white was better than the red. Shortly after our server Brittney came over explained how the ordering and options work and took our orders. We both chose the Minestrone soup. I was split between that or a salad but on Brittney's suggestion I chose the soup. The soup comes out fairly quicklyand took the first sip...It's FRIGGEN' Progresso Minestrone or canned stuff for sure. It was closer to luke warm than hot but I eat about 3/4 the soup since I was starving. Its not that the soup is bad it just not good and canned soup is never okay to serve without at least doctoring it up.  I was unimpressed but so far not bad just not good. The garlic bread comes out and it was the highlight of the meal. It is probably the frozen garlic  hated as the consistency was not fresh baked or from a bakery at all. The pre perforated slices were a give away too. It was  fairly good though. We both order the Cheese Ravioli. They give you quite a few Ravioli unlike most that give you 5 or 6 at most you get twice that here. Unfortunately just like the rest of the food, it was just frozen Ravioli heated up and covered it what was most likely Ragu or some jarred garbage sauce. There was nothing home made tasting about the entire meal. Asked if we wanted the Cappuccino at the end , I couldn't stomach it after the disappointment of what I was put through the rest of the meal. The highlight was the service and the original decorations/pictures hanging everywhere.  Brittney was a sexy, attentive and good server.  The busser was also quite good and of course the accordion player who was built with the place.Even with the service and atmosphere pluses I can't give Battista's any more than 1 star because the food does a disservice to Italian food and now Las Vegas. They exist now solely to trick the poor tourists into buying crappy food and cheap wine making them believe it is a deal. They need to close up shop or if they want to stay in business move shop to the Circus Circus Buffet.  I can't believe the Locatelli's would have anything to do with Battista's anymore and they just handle the real estate they own around the Valley now. That's what I believe at least.
4	Typical Italian restaurant but it has good food and is always busy. The portions are gigantic and I love the cappuccino that is served at the end of the meal. Good stuff, just remember to come here hungry!
1	We've been to Battista's before but it's been a while.  As last night was our friends birthday and she wanted to go there, we figured it would be great to go back. "Aye Carumba", what the heck happened to this place.The place was jam packed with people and took forever to be seated because, unless your whole party is present, they won't seat you even with a reservation.  Once we got seated, it was a quick explanation of the menu and if we needed any time to order.  We ordered our food and "Wham-O", our food was there immediately.  We had Chicken Cacciatore and Veal Parmigiana as our main course.  The chicken was dry and the veal was thin & fatty.  The sauces were thin and seemed watered down.  At the end of our meals, the server, who had the personality of a wet mop, immediately threw down the check without asking if we needed anything else or if we wanted dessert.  It would have been a shame because the Cannoli, which wasn't the best, was the best part of this meal.  We also ordered a side of sausage, which were thin sliced pieces covered in a pasty tomato sauce for $8.50!  Parking sucked!! It was a nightmare to get there, the parking lot is small and they park limos right in front of the entry making it impossible to get by.  We had to park at a nearby hotel and walk to the restaurant.I don't know if the original owners are involved or even care about the place anymore but it SUCKED!!  Obviously, they are only catering to tourists and their past history.  I can't see how locals would keep going there with so many other good Italian restaurants in town.Unfortunately, we will never be back there again.  I'd rather remember the past good times there than the feeling like I just ate at a Furr's Cafeteria!
4	Literally a hole in the wall. You enter and expect a little place and walk through the waiting area, and the restaurant opens up to a pretty big space. We were seated on a two seater tabel in the corner. It was of course crowded because it was a holiday. The tables were a little too close for my comfort, but the food was awesome. Dinner came with your choice of complimentary house red or white wine. I had the clam linguini with white wine sauce and my partner had the chicken alfredo. Both were delicious and I was full, but stuffed my face to finish it, I HAD TO! It was too good to take home for later....... plus we wer on our way to a concert that day. We finished up with a complimentary cappuccino and went on our way. Good value for quality of food and service.
3	I remember coming here as a kid and loving the place, so I decided it would be a good candidate for taking Dana out for Valentine's dinner. Walking up to the restaurant, it was good to see that they still have a doorman that welcomes you inside...a nice touch. Once inside, it was pleasant to see that it literally has not changed ONE bit since I last ate there however many years prior. It's still extremely dark and the walls are covered with a plethora of random memorabilia. A polite older woman at the hostess station greeted us and we only had to wait five minutes or so before we were taken to our table. The waiter promptly came up to the table and took our drink order, and the drinks were out in a flash (along with the complimentary wine). The next items that came out were a basket of garlic bread, an Italian Salad for myself and a minestrone soup for Dana. We both LOVED the garlic bread...it was extremely soft and very tasty. The salad was pretty good and Dana loved the Minestrone.As for our entrees, she ordered the Lasagna, and I had a New York Steak with a side of Ziti and Marinara sauce. She thoroughly enjoyed her dish, and I thought mine was decent. The steak was a little on the bland side, and the sauce that accompanied the pasta wasn't too great.The desserts we had were excellent though. First, we had the cappuccino that comes as a part of the meal...and in addition, we had the cannolis. They were quite delicious, though not the best we've ever had.This is a great place for a romantic evening, and it's not too terribly priced. You can expect to spend around $25-30 a person, but you have to figure in the unlimited wine as well as the salad/soup, garlic bread and cappuccino.
2	Since this place was right behind the Flamingo Hotel, thought we would try it out since it got good reviews from locals. You have about 10 meal items to choose from and all come with wine, salad or soup, bread and meat selection. I don't drink wine so that was a waste, salad was OK, bread was excellent but the main dish, Lasagna, was poor. My wife's had the steak and she had the same reviews. Cost to eat here was around $80 for two of us.  We had better italian food @ Buca di Beppo at Excalibar and half the price.
4	I have been coming here for over 25 years and have always considered this one of my favorite Vegas attractions. I went here Friday night and took my wife for the first time. We did have to wait about an hour, but luckily the bar was open and we had a couple of drinks. The food is pretty good, not perfect, but considering you get soup or salad, pasta, bread, and a wonderful cappuccino (favorite), and unlimited wine for around $25, it's tough to beat. Got plenty well liquored up pre-evening and would recommend this place for a old-time Vegas mobster feel.
5	I had a great time recently at Battistas.  A friend and I went there for dinner when it was recommended to us by someone at Bally's.  Reservations are important, but you can get one same day if you need to.We got there a few minutes early and were seated right on time for our reservation.  The first thing they did was put a big bottle of wine on our table and say that we could have all we could drink of it (yay!).  The menu is pretty simple, different kinds of delicious italian food separated by price range (about $21-30 a plate, including soup/salad, wine, garlic bread, and meal).The garlic bread was delicious and the wine was decent (but free, and for some reason I liked it more and more as the night progressed...).  The salad was a pretty average italian salad, but the lasagna was wonderful (although by that point I had quite a bit of wine in me, but I think it would have been great anyway).So I would definitely recommend this place, I found myself disappointed when I was full because there was plenty of food left on my plate and I wished there was room for more of it in my stomach.  It was a night ender though because my friend and I were both completely trashed from all the free wine by the end of the meal.
4	Been coming to Battista's for many years....it is a Vegas icon/tradition. It is a kitschy place, where every square inch is covered by either a photo of a celebrity, a cluster of plastic grapes on a trellis or a drippy candle in a wine bottle. Even before you walk through the front "barrel" door (built to resemble half a large wine cask), you are greeted by aroma of garlic and other fine Italian fare.It is always busy here....reservations are recommended, especially for a big party. If you don't have reservations, be prepared to wait. (They do have a full bar though, and there is plenty of seating).Now to the food.....the food varies from various pasta dishes to chicken marsala/parmigan, veal, steak pizziola, fillet mignon, etc. All dinners come with either soup or minestrone soup, a pasta side, all-you-can drink house wine (red or white) and a cappachino for desert. (which is unbelievable.) Maybe my palate gets more sophisticated the older I get, but I used to think that Battista's had excellent food....now I can honestly say, it is just good. All in all, I can say that if you have never been to Battista's, you have to at least try it once and then make the judgement call yourself. It definitely is a fun place and a little piece of LV history.Highlights: Great atmosphere, all you can drink house wine, minestrone, garlic bread, after dinner desert cappachino.
2	The food isn't nasty, but it's not worth the time or effort, and it requires both.  The food is cafeteria quality and assembly line style.  It might have been cute and interesting before, but it's now not worth the upset stomach.
4	Simone and I have always loved Battista's Hole In the Wall located just off the strip in Las Vegas. It has an old Vegas vibe, and always has very good home cooked Italian food.  We first went to Battista's during our honeymoon on the advise of a travel book and we have been back three or four times since. With our vacation winding down and the reality of going back to our everyday world creeping in, we decided what better way to cheer ourselves up then to visit our old standby.  Although located in a easy to miss small strip mall behind the Flamingo Hotel and Casino Battista's is always busy, no matter what time or what day you go, be prepared to either make a reservation or wait for at least 15 minutes. They are only open for dinner and locals and tourists alike fill up the many tables quickly.  Waiting for a table at Battista's is torture for the soul. As you sit and take in the many pictures of celebrities, the mini Liquor bottle collection and the strange Knic-knacks that fill the ceiling you are overcome by the delicious aroma from the kitchen of fresh baked Garlic Bread and Ripe Tomato Sauce.After about a 15 minute wait Simone and I were led to a table in one of the side rooms. It was only a few seconds before the waitress got to our table with two full pitchers of House Red and White Wine. This is one of the wonderful surprises that you get at Battista's. With every meal comes lots of House Red and White wine, and while a wine snob may not find this to be the best they have ever tasted, to a Maine redneck like me, it is perfection in a pitcher. Also free with the meal is some very toasty Garlic bread that is pasted with crushed whole cloves of garlic. Don't worry about saving the bread for dinner, when you finish it they'll bring you more... Each meal also comes with Minestrone Soup or a fresh Italian Salad with house made vinaigrette, salami, cheese, tomatoes and an olive.  We have never had the soup ( don't want to fill up on all that broth) but we do enjoy the salad. To finish off the free stuff you also get a side of basic pasta with your choice of sauce.There are no menus on the table at Battista's. They are posted on the wall of every room. Although the prices at first glance seem pricey ( chicken at 27.00- insanity !) keep in mind you are getting endless wine and bread, fresh soup or salad, pasta and oh yeah, the best damn Cappuccino ever to finish the meal. More on that later.For her meal, Simone had Spaghetti and Meatballs and I ordered Veal Parmesan. While we waited for our meal we were greeted with a song from our favorite little old man accordion player. It is rumored that he has been going from table to table performing since Battista's first came to Vegas more then 30 years ago. He looks to be in his nineties, but he plays a damn good accordion, and in my opinion ( which is always correct) He really just puts the icing on the whole Battista experience. Italian wine, Italian food and Italian music. You get it all when you are here. The food arrived shortly after our evening serenade and although I have seen prettier dishes, they were cooked perfectly. The Veal was literally drowning in melted Mozzarella and fresh ripe tasting Tomato Sauce. If you do not love your cheese then avoid this. If you do love cheese ( and also baby cow) then this is the dish for you.  Along with the Veal was a side of intense flavored spinach seasoned with spices including a good dose of nutmeg. This was different but good. Simone shared her meatballs which were also very good. Large, tender and well seasoned they mixed perfectly with the tomato sauce and al dente spaghetti. Surprisingly we finished everything ( including most of the wine-yow!)   After some deliberation we decided to finish the meal with the Italian specialty Cannoli, with of course two (free) Cappuccino's. The Cannoli shell was crispy and mildly vanilla flavored while the smooth and creamy cheese filling was rich and dense. The Cappuccino is not to be missed, it is unlike any other - Its not at all like coffee. Its not bitter but slightly chocolaty sweet and it is the perfect way to end your meal.  We love it here and would suggest it to anyone looking to get away from the craziness of the strip, get drunk on cheap wine, and have some damn good Italian food while being brought back to the old
1	The fake Italian drawl from the server, the crappy free house wine, the mushy lukewarm minestrone soup. The garlic bread that was more buttered than garlic....The fettuccini Alfredo was creamy, but bland, the tastiest thing was the char grilled chicken breast slices. It was a decent amount.However, for $27.95, I'm underwhelmed lol. Oh well!
2	Went here decades ago and it was really good.  Went again last week and I wanted to cry.  The red marinara on the manicotti tasted like canned pizza sauce.  Really awful.  The wine wasn't very good but it was free table wine so I should shut the hell up about that, don't you think?  I was so disappointed.  I do have to admit the service was good. And thank God the after dinner cappuccino was as good as I'd remembered it being.  Guess I'll have to give it at least 2 stars because of the cappaccino.
3	I'm on the fence with this place. I think it's a little overpriced but the idea is pretty cool. All inclusive meals with salad, bread and unlimited wine. They have a limited menu, such as they only have one salad dressing, though. It's not family style either, which you kind of assume it will be, so if you want to split add $10. The service is just fine and if you have a reservation you can be in and out quickly. I would go back at some point but I'd rather try several new places before then.
3	Big limousine outside the entrance, many photos of stars posing with the owner. Thanks for the song about Portugal!
4	Went here last Friday night for dinner before hitting the strip.  We had made reservations and I'd highly recommend. Only had to wait 10 minutes just long enough to order drinks.  The menu is short  like 10 items to chose from and it's posted all over the walls.  Everyone in my party enjoyed their meals - lots of food as all dishes come with salad, bread and unlimited wine! :)  I got the meatballs. They were definetly good pry not the best italian food ever, but this isn't italy.  The cost is reasonable between $20-30, but I feel everything costs that much in Vegas.  They didn't mind running a couple credit cards which is always nice.  I'd definetly come back next time we are in Vegas.
4	This place was 5 stars a few years back, but with the economy in Vegas, there is nothing in this town that is priced right, and while Battista's held out longer than most, their prices have risen with Vegas.  I hate Vegas, but I love Battista's.  Gordy serenades you with his accordion stylings, not as late as he used to, but then again, he's about 90 now.  Anyone complaining about the wine on here can always buy a bottle of what they want, but when a place gives you free table wine, I put away my wine snob nose and drink it, and it's not bad at all.  I've paid decent money for wines I've liked less.  The vibe is old Vegas, pictures of celebrities from the Rat Pack days and beyond.  The food is good, very good.  Not Food Channel Celebrity Chef Italian, which most pretentious Vegas posers desire, but good italian food.  You do not leave here hungry.  The garlic bread, soup, salad, all the free sides are good, once again, if you are going to criticize the comps, don't eat them, get something else.  It used to be perfectly priced but the prices have gone up or they would get 5 stars.  This is a place to go if you happen to find yourself in the city of posers and wannabe's.
3	This place is old-world from everything to it's food, service, entertainment and decor. It's like a mom and pop restaurant with old world cooking and casual dining. And it has a unique menu that has a lot of sides that come with your entree. Every table gets a carafe of red or white wine, I'm told it's unlimited. Then you get a choice of minestrone soup or salad. Each order comes with garlic bread, your choice of a side and cappuccino! That's a lot of stuff!! I don't remember the prices since I came here over a year ago maybe 2, but even if they were high you get so many other items with your meal. The wine isn't the greatest but it comes bundled with your meal so why not. They do have an old old man that goes around playing the accordion, it's actually very sweet and comedic at the same time. But I prefer people not to go around soliciting for money and entertainment while I eat.I ordered the Chicken Parmesan and I believe it was a huge piece of meat. The pasta was just okay, slathered on sauce onto spaghetti noodles. The garlic bread was more just buttered french loaf. Not really a fan of the food. But the cappuccino was yummy and a nice ending to the meal. This place is definitely a dive but it's kitschy and nice that they try so hard.
3	Food isn't over spectacular but it was good enough to get the job done; fill me up. I've had better italian elsewhere but I don't expect much from Vegas restaurants. Then again, this is an old school joint so maybe it should be better. With that said I would come again for the comfort.
5	My favorite stop in Las Vegas, gone there for many years. Food is great, prices are good, ambiance is very cool.
1	DOG FOOD! This is by far the WORST place I've ever eaten in my life. Nothing more than microwaved frozen, low quality, tasteless, no worse... really bad tasing food. Then they force on to patrons all the wine you can drink, which is undrinkable. Nothing good about this place, overpriced, dark and dingy, poor staff attitudes, a total disaster. And a prevailing feeling by our table of four. Whomever gave this place any kind of a favorable rating are probably paid to do so.
5	5 stars for a 5 star job of taking care of our party of 33 without any problems!I called a week before and made the reservation, no problems.  We were seated once our entire group arrived, which was a tad annoying that we had to wait for everyone, but it is understandable.Everyone's order was correct.  No one made a face about having to deal with such a large group. Service was fast and friendly. They won't split the check on huge groups, but we managed to all chip in enough to cover the bill in one go.  Vegetarians can get the usual Italian stuff - manicotti, ravioli, pasta with marinara.  All meals come with soup or salad, garlic bread, a side of pasta (if you don't get pasta as your meal), cappuccino, and most importantly - free house wine (and yes they bring refills)!  Plan on $25-40/person depending on how nuts you want to get.The garlic bread is a particular winner.
1	I went to Battista's on Cinco de Mayo. It is true that the restaurant has an interesting ambiance. But for me that is where it ended. I have read reviews about the garlic bread. It was good, but just that. The free wine that everyone likes. I thought the red was terrible and the white was less than average. I didn't expect Napa, but this wine was not good. I had Veal Parmasaen and it was over cooked and over sauced. The sauce bothered me the entire evening, way too much paste. It was awful and for the price I was just bewildered how this establishment is still around. My wife couldn't finish her food (Seafood Pasta) and my friend made negative comments about his dish. Service was good.  I'm sure this place has it's loyal customers and maybe it used to be a good place, but I'll never eat here again.
4	What a surprise.  Have been coming to Vegas many years and have seen the place but, I guess the name and location just caused me to go past it without a thought.  We took a large group there and they took wonderful care of us.  If you are seeking fancy dining, linen tablecloths and classical music playing...this is not the place.  It is noisy, tables are close together, and menus are on the wall.  We loved the atmosphere and cheesiness of the place.  The prices aren't awful but the food was spot on.  Ate at the Pasta Pirate downtown earlier in the week and this place blows it away.  You won't be disappointed if your expectations are realistic.
4	I have been coming here since I was little. A few years ago you couldn't pay me enough to go back, but a few nights ago we had a decent experience and I will continue giving it a try.The best part of the meal is that it includes table wine, salad, bread and cappuccino. Even just off-strip you could expect to pay $20-30 for just an entree, not including any of the extras. The place feels very kitschy and has a lot more character than anywhere else you can go, if that is what you're looking for. This particular night I had the veal, which I can't say that I recommend due to its intense saltiness! However, I tried a bite of each other dish--fish ravioli, chicken alfredo, chicken rio, chicken parmesan--and they were all tasty.  I'll be back because it's a good deal and it's a fun piece of Vegas history, but no veal next time.
5	we got there at 10 because we were on an excursion whose tour bus broke down...twice but that's another story.  any way, they close at 1030 but happily seated us.  we did not know going into it about the unlimited wine and prix fixe type of meal but we were excited.  i got the salad which was a bit overdressed but very good.  another got the soup which he loved.  the garlic bread is to die for and stays hot and fresh forever.  the wine was delicious!  i would def be willing to pay for a few bottles of it, i only wish i knew what kind it was.my main was the seafood fettuccine, i think it was breaded crab pieces and small shrimp in a red sauce, i enjoyed it but wow, huge portions!  the other 2 got eggplant parm which the really liked as well.the cappuccino you get at the end of the meal tastes a lot like wawa french vanilla (for you east coasters) and def worth a taste (hey, this is all included).  dependent on what you order the price per person can be anywhere from $20 to $35 - definitely worth going!
4	I liked this place a lot. Decent Italian food and for the price, a pretty good deal. The group I was with has the chicken parmesan, spaghetti and meatballs off the kids menu and beef cannelloni. All were good. The inclusive dinner menu includes various pasta and meat dishes, salad or soup, good bread, after dinner coffee and even all you can drink wine. The ambiance was kitchy, casual and fun - looks like this place has a lot of history. This would be a good spot for families and groups. If you're ready for a break from the high prices of the Strip's restaurants (remember when casino eateries tried NOT to be expensive?!), try Battista's out.
4	Great italian food. Like homemade
4	I loved this place.Dark, cozy booths - CheckOld Vegas Vibe - CheckNOT on the strip - CheckGood Italian - CheckFree bottle of wine - CheckThis place is everything that the strip restaurants are not.  The food was great, the red sauce was sweet but it worked well.  After a day on the strip, take a short cab over to Battistas and more than likely you'll be back the next time you are in Vegas.
5	This is a great out of the way place, prices are right and you will have leftovers! Plenty of others have left more detail reviews, so I won't go into much more than to say, you simply have to get there and have a little slice of the "non tourist" Vegas life.
1	Don't waist your time.  Overpriced, low end Italian food.  Limited fixed menu.  Garlic bread looked like split hot dog bun baked with garlic powder, salt, cheese, and margirine. Poor, I attentive wait staff.  Used to eat here when I was a local - current venue is amateur and not a good value. Succeeds as a tourist trap!
5	This one is for Johnny Vegas! We went here last week for his birthday after I have always wanted to try out. Dark cozy atmosphere with clutter on the walls like Buca. The price along with the food is great especially since any meal come with unlimited wine, a salad/soup, bread and coffee. Might go back next week for my birthday actually!
2	went on a sat nite due to a Friends recommendation. atmosphere great food not so much. veal tasted stale  & steak Caruso was very bland.endless table wine a plus
5	We held our post-wedding dinner here in June for about 25 people, and after worrying a bit because we were planning this from across the country and had never been to Battista's, they knocked it out of the park!  It was perfect!  We had a reservation from 6-8 and because of the photos taking longer than expected, the bride and groom did not arrive until almost 7.  The wedding party hung out in the bar until then (and were having a blast I might add), and they seated us and extended our reservation with no problem.Service was perfect, the food was great, and the night could not have been better!  We even got a few songs by the guy on the accordian, and an ovation by the entire restaurant when my bride and I walked in!Simply great, and we will DEFINITELY return on our next trip to Vegas!Thank you to a few of the reviewers on here who I spoke with about this place!
3	I first came to this restaurant about 20 years ago.  I just went for the first time in 10 years last week.  The food was great.  Expect to drop about $50 a person with a couple of drinks. Nice mood lighting, cozy and romantic.  The only downside was the waiter.  He was not very accommodating.  He seemed annoyed that we were asking for items we should have already had, like water and bread.  It really took away from the experience.  The history of this place is incredible the pictures the memorabilia. maybe he was having a bad day but when I am paying over 100 dollars for pasta I expect a little more.  maybe he thought we were not going to tip him being younger people ....I don't know. overall it was a good experience because the food and the atmosphere . I can definitely recommend this place. if you go here and have a bad experience with the waiter as I did please yelp it .
5	I love Battista's and have been coming here for about 8 years. Can't beat the excellent prices for a salad or soup, entree, garlic bread, all you can drink wine and cappuccino (which is really hot chocolate,but who cares)ALL YOU CAN DRINK WINE!Old Vegas charm, a home cooked style dinner, an amazing accordion player and did I mention all you can drink wine! What could be better!
3	This place isn't the best food. But its a fun environment and a good place to drink bottomless cheap wine with friends. Including tip it is around 30 dollars a person. Easy walk from the Paris or planet Hollywood.
1	I'm 100% Italian-American. I grew up on Italian, home-cooked food, I've spent a month in Italy and literally ate my way through the country, and have an eleven-letter Italian last name that people constantly butcher when they try to pronounce it.  It is that experience that prompted me to sign up for Yelp and give Battista's its deserved one star. It was dismal. The main reason I am writing this is to dispel myths circling around (from LOCALS no less) that this place is fun and has good Italian food. Neither is true. Though our wait staff was attentive and prompt, the good service we got just didn't outweigh the bad food. The decor is kitschy - crap all over the place. The food pricing is way too expensive for iceberg salad, adequate garlic bread and mediocre wine. I ordered a chicken dish and had minestrone. They were both way too salty (a trick used by restaurants to hide poor quality or good-tasting food). And yes, the accordion player was awkward to say the least. Over-priced, overrated and a tourist trap with a miraculously good reputation. My advice? Go to Maggiano's for GREAT Italian food. Or Olive Garden. Or Buca di Beppo's even.  Just please, don't go here. Don't perpetuate the Battista's myth.
4	Battista's is awesome.  You can find higher quality Italian food out there, but the food is still better than most, especially better than your generic crap like Buca di Beppo.  Battista's is all about its convenient location to the Strip and all the stuff you get with your meal.Your entree comes with a soup or salad, cappucino, garlic bread and UNLIMITED wine!  The cappucino is delicious in my opinion, a great way to end the meal.  I've had the spaghetti and meatballs, chicken parm and ziti w meat sauce.  I will recommend that you stick with the meatballs / meat sauce.  The chicken parm is not worth the extra 5 bucks or whatever.  It is good but not high tier for chicken parms.  The meat sauce is definitely above average, along with the meatballs.Some people here say it is too expensive.  Sure, I can go down to South Las Vegas and get unlimited wine and beer from Studio B at the M Resort, but Battista's gets you filled up and full of wine 1 minute from the strip.  It is right behind the Flamingo.  I milk it a bit, take a while to order while I enjoy the wine.  I get my money's worth.Accordion player comes around to serenade you and your hot date.  Overall, I agree with the majority of posts here, the food is good, not the best, but solid.  You get a bang for your buck.  My advice is to stick to the cheaper options for a value play on Vegas.
1	SUCKED!!!! it used to be soooo good years ago. The prices are way too high for what you get and on top of that they charge you $10 extra per person if you share a meal. Food was not great tasting either. I used to recommend it but not any more
4	This place is great.  The food is very good not great but the atmosphere makes up for it.  Simple italian menu written on the wall or you can read it on a menu.  You have two choices of all you can drink wine, red or white. I make a point to come here every time I am in Vegas.  I often bring groups of customers here for some thing a little different.Don't forget to tip the squeeze box player.
5	All-you-can-drink red or white wine, endless basket of delicious garlic bread, large bowl of Ziti with Meat Sauce, minestrone soup and homemade cappuccino, all for $21.95! It doesn't get better than this! LOVE THIS PLACE! Great authentic Italian food with romantic (dim lighting) atmosphere.
2	This place is a piece of Las Vegas history.  You could spend hours looking at all the photos plastered all over the wall of famous and semi-famous people that ate there throughout the years.  The atmosphere is sort of romantic and casual depending on where they seat you.  The menu is on every wall and is all inclusive.  So what ever meal you order ($21-$45) it includes soup or salad, garlic bread, entree, cappuccino and all the free wine you can drink (red/white).  One word of caution on the wine if you love and know good wines, this stuff is not that.  It is the cheapest stuff you'll ever choke down.  I've have the veal in the past and the spaghetti with sausage which are ok at best.  I've spent a lot less and had much better food at other places like The Olive Garden. The only reason I've been here several times is because my wife loves it.  If it wasn't for her I would not be back!
3	We at at battista's for first time last week sunday 8/5/2012 and it was just so so. Got a recommendation from the bartender at Mesa grill the night before so figured it was a good bet.  Loved the old school vibe.  Watched the little accordion player leave while we were in the bar so didn't get to hear him play.  I'm a red wine drinker and love me a bottle on the table, but this stuff was not my favorite, but don't get me wrong unlimited is better than nothing.  I ordered the lasagna and my husband ordered the spaghetti and meatballs. He wad not impressed, mine was good. They don't have those thick homemade noodles I expect, and my German heritage sauce I make  at home is better than they served. Cappuccino provided would be ok for all kids as its like zero coffee and all sugar.  In the end a dinner with drinks included for $60 in Vegas is cheap, and it's filling. I would give this  place a try for what it is, and it's not: it's old school and been around, it's not in a casino, its a locals favorite. I think for what they offered for food (bread, drinks, wine) I would try it again and find what I really like nextbtime
4	Another good meal we stop in every we go to Vegas. The food is above average and the service is always right on top of things. Not the best wine but after a glass or two it is good (all you can drink). Stop in they never disapoint.
2	This is an interesting place to go to while in Vegas.  Its right off the strip,an easy walk or short cab ride.  It has a very "old Vegas" vibe to it. Don't expect great food though.  My linguine with clam sauce was overpowered with basil.  The garlic bread was not very good and I think if you drank more than one glass of the inclusive wine you would end up with a headache.  The service is excellent though and all the memorabilia on the walls are fun too look at.  Check it out if you want something different and off the strip but just don't expect too much.
4	Drinking too much always makes me crave carbs, so it's no wonder that during a recent trip to Las Vegas (where there is liquor-a-plenty) I found myself with a craving for a big bowl of pasta.  We were staying at the Flamingo and could see Battista's from our hotel window, and considered it a sign!  Besides, Yelp seems to like this place, and I always trust my fellow Yelpers. Yelp, I owe you one.  This was a great find!  My husband and I both had bowls of pasta which were delicious.  I had spaghetti with marinara while my hubby had ziti with a spicier red sauce.  Both were amazing, and really hit the spot!   Also, every dinner comes with buttery garlic bread, a salad, and unlimited wine.  Yes, you heard that right - UNLIMITED.  Amazing. The decor is classic Italian meets Vegas for sure.  There are lots of autographed pictures of older celebrities, a giant collection of miniature liquors, plus just about everything else you can imagine.  It's very interesting and entertaining.  Bottom line is:  I came here with a hangover, and left with a full belly and feeling a little tipsy.  That's what I call a win!
4	I wish we lived closer to this hole in the wall but it's OK, we'll drive here and not complain! This restaurant is so unique and the ambiance cannot be compared to no other establishment in Vegas.The menu is very limited but it has such a variation that you can definitely choose something to eat. The menu is also placed on the wall. Did I mention free house wine all night? Red and white? Does it taste great? Not really. Could a vineyard survive with this vino product? Hell no. But it's free! Drink up!!I ate the cannelloni the other night. It has pork in it and it was so good. The waitress set my plate down and red, white, and green were screaming back at me. My food looked like the frickin Italian flag. It was the goddamn Olympics on my plate with that flag waving in my face. I ate an Italian burrito and I loved it!
5	This place is great. Walking distance from the Strip and includes so much.  The meal was 21 dollars (one of the cheaper ones, be wary), but came with a salad, garlic bread, and unlimited house wine (!!!) included.  Oh and a cup of cappuccino after dinner, which usually isn't my thing but tasted more like liquid nutella than anything else.  Battista's has become the romantic dinner spot my girlfriend and I head to whenever in Vegas.Be warned, it takes about 2 hours to eat dinner, so don't be planning on going anywhere fast.  Personally I loved having the time to talk, but the people at the next table over we pissed.  So just a friendly warning.
5	What is it about drinking and partying in Vegas that makes you crave carbs?After a couple days of punishing my liver, we saw this place and as soon as I saw the sign, I craved spaghetti for the next 2 days.Food- Like my tip said, unlimited red AND white wine at your dinner. Challenge accepted [insert meme]. The food was really good, not great but definitely good. The meal also came with a salad or soup which was good size. I didn't eat all my meal I think because I tried so hard to drink the wine. Service- Not bad, but not good either. About run of the mill. We called earlier in the day for a reservation and we still had to wait 10 minutes? This place on a Tuesday night wasn't even busy?It's decorated like a buca di peppo and has celebrities on the wall. Anyway, I felt that because of the wine and the value/size of the meal it deserved 5 stars. Possibly 4.5 because the service wasn't so great, but anyhoo, lots of fun.
2	It was not at all what I had hoped for - I was expecting a more relaxed restaurant with a wide variety of food. The serving staff was distracted and disinterested. The food was average, and the atmosphere was dull, except for an old geezer who was going around all the tables playing a few chords of the same melody - quite annoying after the first couple of renditions. This is adequate but not at all great. Far better options for good Italian food in Vegas. Not going to be returning.
5	No idea how this place can get a bad review.  The menu's are on the wall.  Right across the street from Bally's (little bit off the strip).  If you can eat all your food, I'll be impressed.  I normally don't like capacino, but theirs...Oh wowza.  Food was awesome however their wine I wasn't a big fan of.  I'll most definitely be back!
3	We had a big party, about 20 or so and we were all craving Italian.  We had a different place in mind, but couldn't get reservations.  Overall experience was ok.  Food was decent, but not great.  I order the spaghetti and meatballs.  The price was about $23 or so, but it did include wine and bread.  Don't think i'll be back, but decent overall.
4	The food was pretty good, and the prices seemed decent for Vegas.  I had the soup and the seafood pasta.  The best part was the never ending wine and the to-go cups at the end :)
3	There were mixed reviews about this place from our party of 15. Having just been in NY a couple of weeks before, I was looking forward to seeing how the food compared to by Patsy's Italian Restaurant NY experience which was amazing! I have to say, it really didn't compare. The free red wine was not good at all. It had a vinegar taste. No one at the table liked it. I didn't get to try the white though. I ordered lasagna which the waiter said he thought was the best thing on the menu. I have to say...it was pretty delicious. The side of meatballs I got were average. No one else was thrilled with their main dishes either. The meals where a good size, so if you're not ravenously hungry, I suggest splitting a meal ($10 fee) with a side of meatballs or sausage.
5	Great taste of "old Vegas" here. Great food that comes to you in the simplest of menus that include all the house wine you can drink! Watchout for dinner rush.
2	Pros:* all the wine you can drink*"cappuccino" chocolate, hazelnut flavored coffee  with whipped cream is yummy.*meatballs were tender and tasty* cannolis were super sweet but yummy * garlic bread was actual garlic bread Cons:* salad was drowning in italian dressing* spaghetti tasted like noodles in tomato catsup.
4	I swore I wouldn't overeat tonight!  And I managed to pull it off, thanks to the clam linguine.  We love this place.  Just remember to make reservations....you'll be glad you did.  Dinner is a production, so allow plenty of time.
5	Value Value Value... and a little accordion music!  This place is hidden away, just a few steps off the strip across Flamingo from Bali's.  You will wait to be seated, and then you will read your dinner off blackboards on the wall.  That price includes everything for your dinner including the wine!  Go ahead, empty the carafe, they'll bring another.  Want good food, funky atmosphere and NO PRETENSE, this is the place.
4	Everything was good from the start , hostess and bartender to waiter and busser !!! Food was excellent esp. my Veal Marsala . I will start sending people there !! I was there Mon. Oct. 22 2012
2	It only get's a 2 just because of the good ambiance and reasonable prices.  They served this swill wine that was absolutely disgusting.  I drink cheaper wine sometimes, but this red wine was  absolutely aweful.  The food was very generic and nothing really worth noting. Bland.  Fairly priced, but I definitely won't be back.  Can't believe some people think this is actually good italian food.
5	I contacted Battista's back several months ago about my daughters wedding and they were so helpful and reassuring. I read the Yelp reviews and as with all restaurants, some people liked it and some people didn't. As for me and the 35 guest that either drove in or flew in from as far away as Australia, we all loved it. The restaurant had suggested a great bakery to make a wedding cake and they also were great. All my guests and my daughter as well as my new son in law had a great time and they couldn't stop talking about all the fun. To all the staff at Battista's we just want to thank you so much!As for you that are reading this, go, have a good time and enjoy yourself.
4	Seriously, awesome find. If you ride the monorail at all, you've probably passed the huge Battista's sign next to the Westin Casuarina. Follow the sign and find your way into a charming and romantic side of old Vegas. The food is decent. I've had better. I've had worse. The wine is what you would expect unlimited house wine to taste like. Having said that, for twenty something dollars, you can have garlic bread, salad (or Minestrone if you're not into the greens), a heaping bowl of pasta, and cappuccino that sort of tastes like maple syrup infused with chocolate (in an absolutely incredible way). Did I mention the unlimited wine part? You can drink loads and loads of wine here - it's light, and refreshing, and though it's not the best tasting, you get used to it. This place is about an incredible experience. It's about taking a breath of fresh air and enjoying a slow and luxurious dinner, filled with wine and a musician who will come to your table and play you a song (he did a rendition of California - like the older song, not the one from the O.C.). It's not just a dinner - it's an experience - one you'll come away loving. And as a bonus, you may not need to pay for food for another 24 hours because you will be stuffed!Bonus - two separate people told us we were a cute couple. That's right, people went out of there way to be very nice for absolutely no reason other than to be nice. People are warm, the place is warm, with a decorated ceiling that makes you feel like you're in a real Italian home.
2	We waited almost 2 hours for a table of 6 and it was not worth the wait. Food is overpriced for the quality. (entrees are at least $22) We saw our busser/food runner more often than our waiter who only came to take our order, bring our food and bring the check. He didn't even introduce himself or ask us how the food was. The bad: You're entire group has to be present and then your wait time starts. It would have been a lot better if the hostess told me that crucial fact when I put my name on the wait list. She quoted us 45 min, that passed, then she said another 20 min, that passed, another 20 min, that passed, 15 min, finally a table. Get a reservation if you really want to try it.Got the pomodoro and the sauce was runny and watered down. My friends got the lasagna which is massive and the eggplant parm which was ok. The white wine tasted watered down, and didn't even smell like wine.The good: unlimited wine. The red wine was actually ok, it's more sweet than dry. The salad and garlic bread was bomb. The "cappuccino" (it's hot chocolate with a shot of caffeine and whip cream) was good. The portions are big. It's a fun atmosphere (the accordian guy can't really play well but bless his heart he's adorable!) Food service is fast. Don't think I'm coming back, or recommending this place to friends or guests unless they want the unlimited wine.
2	Not good. Everything tastes canned and low quality. The minestone is absolutely gross and the pasta sauce just seems like tomato paste, water and a few cheap herbs. Nothing was really great at this place. The atmosphere could really work if this place had halfway decent food. It's very expensive for what you actually get. No one I was with finished their meal and it wasn't because they were full. Yuck!
5	Food very good. Service very good. Feels like old Vegas and like you are waiting for a gangster to walk in. Hint: make reservations.
1	Hole in the Wall is probably the best thing you can say about this place.  I fully understand why they serve "free wine" with you meal - you need to get loaded for you to think this food is good.We went as a large group and ordered apps including fried ravioli, fried zucchini, calamari, meatballs and fried cheesesticks.  I was surprised that the apps were not hot, but it seemed they were luke warm at best.Then I ordered the cioppino.  Although it was full of various pieces of seafood, it was bleh.  The fish was overcooked and did not taste fresh.  The broth was a thick mush of slurry tomatoes - it was odd.The person I was sitting next to ordered the "catch of the day" and had the blackened swordfish.  It was burnt and as thick as dvd container.  He said it was the worst fish he has ever had - I believe him.The place is a total tourist trap and expensive.  If you are going to spend that much money, you should get a real Italian meal anywhere else.
4	My wife and I hit Battista's every trip to Vegas, and will in the future.  Let's keep everything in perspective.  It's a $25 meal, all-you-can-drink wine included, a 2-minute walk from the strip.  And you get what you pay for in Vegas, just like everywhere else.  With that in mind:The highlights:  - The food isn't Gordon Ramsay quality, but it's not bad either.  The lasagna is better than a lot of restaurants I've had, and the Chicken Rio is worth trying.  Tons of garlic bread helps to soak up the wine so you can still do enough math to leave a tip.- The wine isn't really that great.  But I'm usually hammered from gambling and drinking all day, so it's not like I'm looking for a $50 bottle anyway.  It's definitely quantity over quality here, but you're not going to even notice it after you polish off the first bottle.- The service is average to above average.  I've never had a problem there.- RESERVATIONS.  It's usually crowded, so save yourself a long wait and call ahead.  - The atmosphere is laid back and old school Vegas.  It's dark, there's stuff all over the walls.  Whoever decorated this place probably isn't even allowed in the Venetian, but it's a nice change from most upscale strip restaurants.- Pay the old accordion player to play you a song.  He doesn't look like he'll be around a whole lot longer.  Once, I didn't want to leave half a bottle of wine (can't waste that stuff, you know), so I asked for a to-go cup.  They gave me one, no questions asked.Only in Vegas.
3	Went here with my group of girlfriends during my bachelorette weekend. I was surprised that it costs so much just to split a plate. But, as a group of girls on a budget, this place was a pretty good find we split 2 plates between the 5 of us and had enough to eat. The food was pretty good - okay, the bread wasn't great and the included salad sits on a rolling cart until you order, but the pasta was decent. The free wine is a nice addition and the free espresso at the end - is really hot chocolate. Overall, yes it's touristy and a bit hokey, but compared with all the other rip offs in Las Vegas it's a good meal and a good price.
4	Good O'l style family dining.  It is a hole in the wall that has been around for 40 + years.  Make a reservation.  Food is served family style.
3	Not as groovy as expected, either food-wise or ambiance-wise.  Got there around 915pm with our group of 5.  Seated immediately and were greeted by our service staff.  Wine (red or white) is AWFUL like horrible cheap in a box but worse stuff.  Still, due to someone daring someone else to drink we killed 2 carafes of white and 1/2 of red.  Blech....still tasted bad and it didn't get any better!Ambiance was OK, not super 'old school Vegas' as others would recommend; however, the wait staff was pleasant and not in a hurry to shuffle us out the door at 10pm when they closed.The first course included soup or salad, and we mostly got the salad - mixed greens from the bag at the grocery store, complete with bottled dressing and crappy bread.Food included spag with meat sauce (extra sauce requested and it came on the side, a-plenty), Aurora sauce (not the best, not the worse), Filet of something that basically was Fajitas minus the Tortillas and the fish stew, which had two small halves of tough, chewy crab, shrimp that was equally unappetizing and overcooked, perhaps purchased in bulk at Sam's Club,  Seriously, the ONE saving grace was the cappuccino - homemade and amazingly wonderful - honestly, the best ever.So, if you're looking to spend a few $$ for a great after dinner drink come here.  Otherwise, skip it.  Wish someone would have warned us more sternly!I've attached pics so you can see the seriously average food.
2	Here's the thing.  You don't go for the food.  You go because it comes with.  Comes with soup.  Comes with garlic bread.  Comes with what is apparently Ovaltine dissolved in coffee.  You go because there is a ton of fun crap to look at on the wall.  And because you can be loud and obnoxious.  You go because Dobby the house elf from Harry Potter, who your grandma would find disturbing yet oddly charming, will come by and play you a 10 second song made up on the spot and demand immediate paymentBut mostly, you go because it comes with UNLIMITED TABLE WINE.  Not good wine.  But drinkable wine with presumably some alcohol in it.The food was not bad.  It just wasn't good.  The portions are large.  I won't go into detail because you will probably go anyway and find out for yourself.   Maybe go when you need to absorb fifteen martinis?There is a TV or several in the bar area where you can stand with beers and yell "GO [MY FAVORITE SPORTS TEAM]."
4	My family and I ventured in to Battistas last week for dinner, and as with all my other visits to the restaurant over the last 20 years, had a pleasant dining experience.  The food is good and the atmosphere is unique with its days-gone-by feel.  Gordo (I think that's his name), the accordion player, has been there on every visit.  It's probably not the best Italian food in the area, but it's a good break from all the over-the-top casino restaurants that churn the $ around the strip.
2	Came in after looking for an Italian place.  I had the chicken Alfredo and friend had the lasagna. Both came out luke warm. The chicken seemed to be precooked and heated up for the dish. The wine was all you can drink for a reason.  But for the price you pay you don't really get that great of a deal, especially there in Vegas. However, it is the old world atmosphere that I find charming.
1	So I guess I understand why people gave it more than 1 star...because of all the "extras" the free wine, the garlic bread, the soup, and the cheap prices....but think about it....the strip is only a few blocks away....drinks are free there too...and you can ask for anything you want!  I came here for a business dinner because some people in the group wanted an old school vegas experience....I ordered the seafood pasta.  The pasta felt undercooked and the sauce was bland.  Maybe you can't complain for hte price but I would have preferred something at the food court at Caesars Palace to this if price was a concern.
5	Such a wonderful place, with wholesome Italian family values etched in stone or shall I say on the walls.  When I saw the cute menu's and pricing displayed on the walls, I couldn't believe what a wonderful idea was created by saving paper.  When I recieved my complimentry authentic garlic bread and was greeted by an older man by the name of "Gordy" I think he played the accordian and smiled and I felt SO happy and couldn't wait for the next up coming adventure this restaurant had to offer.  I took the first bite into heaven aslo known as the meatballs made with love.  And that was it I was in love. This is were I will eat Italian everytime I go to Vegas.  This is all I need to fill the Italian craving I feel when I visit.
5	The food is great. The decor is pretty cool. It reminds me of when I was a child and going to this old Italian restaurant in Long Island City with my grandparents. The prices are good for being so close to the strip as well. You pay one price for your food, all you can drink wine, a salad, and a cappuccino.  The wine is cheap table wine but its pretty good considering its free. Truly its more of a four star, but i want to give it a fifth to make up for the ignoramuses who previously reviewed this place.
4	A hidden gem that looks like a hole in the wall, unlimited wine, need I say more?? Ok ok the meals are a little pricey but they are very good, the chicken parm is a favorite!
4	I NEED MORE ACCORDION!I also need more wine too!!!Yes if you are looking for that in Vegas, then you will find both here. And honestly we do need more of thesr things in the shadow of Sin City to have a good time. The name here is cute but it is not really a whole in the wall.  It's not a dive restaurant. It just happens to be a restaurant off the strip and hidden behind the Flamingo Hilton/Barbary Coast Casinos. You will find a wait here. In fact, make a reservation if you can.  This place is simple.  Order a meal and for a fixed price you get salad, main course, cappuccino and all you can drink wine. It is a deal. I've had many memorable dinners here.  One of my favorites was with my wife, who happened to be my girlfriend at the time. We had a great meal and the carafe's of wine were flying off the table. Honestly by the time we left here, I'm not even sure we ate food. That was the wine talking. Long story short we ended up at the Bellagio with a private concert with Wyclef John. I am going to give Battista's and there bottomless wine the credit here. We must have looked like a fun couple standing in front of the dancing waters.  My words of advice...fun things happen to people having fun!Okay back to Battista's...the food is not going to win any awards.  It is just basic old school Vegas Italian. If your looking for a 5 star reality show winner chef experience then go somewhere else. This place is about having fun. I've also had a few work dinners here too and we've had some great times. I attribute that to the wine again. The wine sitting on the table is hard for anyone to resist it. So people who normally don't drink will pour themselves a few wines and why not because its on the house. I want to mention the accordion player because it is big part of this place.  He is so cute but all he wants is that dollar or two.  He walks from table to table working the whole room. He probably makes a $100,000 per year. I remember once he walked up to our table.  Asked me, "Where you from kid?". I said, "Chicago". And he jumped in and started playing the song, Chicago by Sinatra.  And when he finished the song he threw out his hand like gimme 5 but he didn't want my hand slapping his unless there was a green bill in it.  This is a novelty here and I think it keeps people coming back for more. So if your looking for something different from the usual Vegas Strip drama, then I highly recommend you check this place out. It is a fun time and if your not having fun, then have some more wine!
4	Unlimited wine included with the meal, unlimited wine included with the meal, unlimited wine included with the meal! I thought that needed repeating. We were a group of ten who made reservations two hours before we arrived. Battista's had no problem seating us as soon as we got there on a Friday night. I have read a lot of reviews saying the food here is sub par but if you have been to chain restaurants such as Olive Garden and Carino's, the food here is comparable but with a more enjoyable atmosphere . Depending on what you order, the price varies between $21.95 to $40.00 and you receive soup or salad, garlic bread, entree, unlimited wine, and a cappuccino. I ordered the salad which I enjoyed, and the seafood linguini which included shrimp, scallops and sea bass. I did not regret my decision as it was delicious.  The wine is not a French Bordeaux or Traverse City Two Lads Riesling but it is drinkable and I enjoyed the red more than the white. All in all, I left sustained and inebriated and happy.
4	This is a great restaurant to go to with a big group of people and have a good time. I recently went to Battista's with my family while we were all visiting Vegas. My step-dad loves this place and always raves about it. The food is good, but nothing amazing. The only thing I don't like are the massive portions and the $20+ per dish pricing. The free wine and bread is nice. Also, Love the little old man playing accordian. Funny guy and he can probably play anything you ask on the accordian. For us, since we are all from Indiana, he played "Back home again in Indiana" which if you know anything about the Indy 500 or Indiana, is a little piece of Hoosier tradition. Cracks me up that my step dad said he has been coming to Vegas for probably 25-30 years and it is the same little old guy playing accordian.
5	Came back to this little gem and another amazing experience.  We had the lasagna and ravioli with Alfredo sauce (feel free to drool). We chose the white wine, had salads and cappuccinos too! Everything was fantastic. We got there pretty late and they were still very polite. Can't wait to come back to Vegas and eat here again!
3	Celebrated my friends birthday on Saturday.  Battista's is a favorite of hers and rightfully so.   We had reservations and they were ready for us and seated us as soon as our party was there.  All I can say is the wine was flowin (free btw-coplimentary with your dinner) the bread kept comin and service was great!  The bread is drenched in butter...not good for the cholesterol but pretty darn good.  My bf and I ordered ziti with meatballs and pink sauce.  Pink sauce isn't on the menu but they said they would do it for us.  It was pretty average.  I've definitely had better.  We also ordered sausage and peppers and the bf loved that.  From the looks of everyone elses orders it was a wide variety of selections and I didnt hear any complaints and there were alot of clean plates.I've been here several times and we definitely don't come for the food...it is pretty average...mainly for the the ambiance and the one of a kind experience.  Gordie, the accordion player, is such a pleasant addition to the experience as he gifts us with his music and witty songs.  It is a good place to celebrate special days with a group or even for date night.The place is a Las Vegas staple amongst the locals and vacationers.It is all about the simple things:  Gordie, the decor/ambiance, the menu on the wall, the complimentary wine, even the door to the restaurant that looks kinda like a barrel when you come through the front door.  Sometime simple is best. ;)
4	Love it. Been coming to the Hole in the Wall for years!. The free flowing house wine is great!This great local spot is so comfortable in its skin, no pretense, no bravado .... Just a great atmosphere, solid service and good comfortable food. Expect a wait most nites, but grab a seat in the bar and get some wine and great starters. Oh..... Come hungry!
5	I have been to this place 4 times and I keep coming back, I love it. They start you off with a carafe of red and white wine and you can either choose one or drink them both, the salad is more than average with a house italian dressing along with some breadsticks. I choose lasagna this past time, which was excellent and a big portion, and my favorite part of the meal is the cappuccino at the end, you are SO full of food, but you must drink this, it is not your average drink, so good. While eating there is the cutest nicest older man strolling around and greeting you and playing his accordion for a tip (remember to tip him when he is done!) Old pictures on the wall to enjoy and cushion seats to sit on in your booth. The bathroom is interesting too, in the lady's room there is a picture on the wall that will make you laugh.  This place is a MUST GO when in Vegas.
5	So thankful that I was finally introduced to this place after so many years. If I was a local I would eat here every night! Delicious! Very reasonably prices, especially for being so close to the strip. Ordered the lasagna for I think it was $23. The lasagna was great, but so was the salad, garlic bread, cappuccino, unlimited wine and our special complimentary desserts!! Love this place beyond belief! We got to sit at the same table that our waiter, Vito, used to serve Frank Sinatra and Elvis Presley. I will be headed back to Vegas in a week and we've already warned our 5 Battistas-virgins that we will be taking them there!
1	I thought the food here was horrible and overpriced.     I'm surprised it has such good review.  Sorry I went here.  It was just poorly prepared foo.
3	Really funky place to have dinner. Fun but totally gaudy. Went here for the first time a few years ago with a big group and had a tremendous time. Went here yesterday with a group and had an average time. I ordered the cannelloni and was not overly impressed. Minestrone and after dinner drinks were great. Table wine is free, and it tastes that way. But that's part of the fun. I'd go there again, perhaps they had an off night. Love the accordion player. I think iT was his first day on the job. He was at least 100 years old. Totally a fun tourist evening.
2	Yes, it's "all-you-can drink."  But $28 for pasta?  Really?  The food is decent at best, atmosphere is cool though.  Personally I'd rather buy a $2 bottle of wine and head to Fazoli's before eating here again.
5	Love this place.  When people say old school Vegas, this is the place they mean.  Tons of pictures of celebrities on the wall but I'm lucky if I can name 1 in 10 of them.The menu is limited and posted on boards on the wall.  You pretty much just pick whatever item you want and it comes with soup or salad, beverage including house wine, and a cappucino thing after dinner.  Most meals are about $22 and include everything I just mentioned, so pricewise its a good deal.I've always found the food to be good but I usually just stick to the pasta dishes.If you're a high maintenance or trendy type of person this is not the place for you - you'll be unhappy as soon as you walk in the door.  If you're laid back and like things a little retro or different then you'll really appreciate this place.
4	Wow!  So glad I decided to give this a try.  This serves as dinner and an evening's entertainment all wrapped into one. And, you simply can't beat the price.First, if you are into tiny, artful dishes on equally beautiful plates then don't bother with Battista's.  This is hearty classic Italian like your mother might make.  The salad was wonderful and included with the meal.  We weren't offered a choice of dressing.  However, the house Italian was light and delicious.  The garlic bread was pretty standard.The wine.  I can't say it was great but it went well with the meal.  It's free so you can stop your whining if you have issues and go to the nearest casino and pay $10 a glass if it makes you feel better.  I felt happy with the FREE unlimited wine provided.  Thank you.The free cappuccino was the finishing touch.  Very nice.  This being said, we paid just a bit more for our meal at Battista's than the meal last night in the food court and it put that sub to shame!
5	Went with a sales group of 43 people. Had no idea where we were going and was concerned that any restaurant could do a good job with that many people. They were totally prepared ( of course we had reservations) I knew that our head server was a lifer. 27 years. This place was cool. We got our money's worth for sure. Chicken parm was very good. Food was hot and fresh. Will be back for sure. Accordion player was good too.
4	I wanted to go but could not get in.I was dissapointed that I could not get a full meal at The Bar.They do serve a limited menu but being Diabetic that menu would not work and they would not make an exception for medical reasons.However they were very nice,very apologetic.Having a 90 minute wait the food has to be incredible so I hope to try it next time I go to Las Vegas.Next time I will make a reservation but did not think I would need one on a weeknight.You would think one person that could have squeezed in.
4	I really enjoyed the salmon it was cooked perfectly,my friends had chicken Alfredo and a steak and cleaned their plates.
1	Wow!  This was the worst "Italian" food and service I have ever had in my life.  The only reason I am giving them one star is because Yelp made me.  Last night we went to Battista's, we were served by an older gentleman, 70's?, with an accent.  I can't share his name because for some reason no one wears nametags.  Quite frankly, he was a rude a**.I ordered the Seafood Fettuccini in a red sauce and my wife ordered the Sausage Cacciatore.  I asked how the seafood was and he ignored me, I asked again and the server answered with an agitated tone "Good."  My wife asked twice if the sausage was spicy, he said no.   They brought our food and the seafood had an off-putting smell to it, not a good start.  There was no red sauce, I understand that in traditional Italian cooking the sauce is minimal, but I mean THERE WAS NO SAUCE.  I took a bite and it was even worse, the seafood was a mushy mess, overcooked doesn't even begin to describe it.  I just pushed it to the side and one of the wait staff picked it up without a concern as to why an entire plate went uneaten, which to me says this is a regular occurrence.  The Italian sausage my wife ordered was spicy, even though the waiter stated it wasn't.  Not good for someone with a sensitive stomach.  My wife also stated she thought the sausage had been frozen, it was also dry and all the fat had been rendered out of it.  More evidence that they just throw their product into a pot and let it cook for hours.  Our waiter then just starts pushing his way into our table to start cleaning up and didn't say anything until I glared at him.If you are looking for REAL authentic Italian food go somewhere else.  Go someplace where they care enough to prepare each dish to order like Buca di Bepo or Grimaldi's because who wants to pay $28 and up for a plate of nasty cafeteria style food.  Hell, I have had better Italian food at The Olive Garden.  This place is definitely a tourist trap because what local in their right mind would ever go back?
5	Food is great and huge portions.  Love their after dinner cappuccinos!
1	I can't believe the reviews about this place I really couldn't find anything good about this place......My food was horrible I ordered a shrimp scampi which they told me wasn't hot and it totally was, the servers kept forgetting drinks we ordered and the the free wine I was too scared to even try because I did t want to get a headache.It's pretty small so you can hear all the tables around you which can get pretty annoying especially when you have a little old man playing music right next to you.I would not recommend this place for any kind of party, date or occasion it's VERY VERY hard to hear the person next to you.
5	I don't get all the bad reviews....I love this place. Any time I'm in Vegas, I have to stop here. Wine and garlic bread automatically come to the table and the garlic bread is amazing. Just realize you will taste like garlic for awhile. :) the minestrone is great and highly recommend the lasagna and chicken parm. Enjoy and drink lots of wine!!!!
3	Good for the ambiance and experience.  Food just fine, but certainly not great.  Not a wine guy, so the included wine carafes were irrelevant.
5	If you are in the mood for good food,, this is the place to come. Everytime we make a trip to Vegas, we come here at least one night for dinner. Make Resverations, its easier to get in, if not you might have to wait a while. But the food is worth it. We took are oldest daughter last year and she is looking forward to this years visit.Make sure not to eat before you come here for dinner, big portions of food. You will walk away stuffed.
4	It's a true hole in the wall, that's for sure, but you must check it out!Really great Italian dinners with all you can drink wines, and it even includes dessert and a cappuccino. How are they even making money on that kind of deal! If you go, prepare to stuff yourself with great food and a great time!
5	Recommended by a cocktail waitress at The Palms. It's exactly what we where looking for. It was homey and casual. The portions are huge, the garlic bread delicious. Your meal comes with the house red or white wine as well as a cappuccino to end your meal.
1	Food was terrible. Clams had enough sand to build a sandcastle.  Sauce was tasteless.  Ordered veal parm, got chicken.  Only good things was the salad and the cappuccino.  Don't waste your $
4	We had a good time here, and the food was pretty good! We showed up with a group of 6 with no reservation and it was a wait to get a table - so do make a reservation if you can. Took about 40 minutes to get seated.Our server was very nice and she helped get the food out quickly as we had a show to see.  The linguine and clams in white sauce was very good (although they offer it in red sauce as well, which seems odd to me) and full of tender bits of clams. The garlic bread that comes with the meal was also excellent. None of the table were real wine drinkers so the wine sadly went mostly untouched. It would be nice to opt out of the table wine.  The minestrone soup was just ok.Really loved the atmosphere and decor here - very kitschy, lots of celebrity pics on the walls. I love old style family Italian restaurants, and this place delivered!
5	Lovely old fashioned Italian food, I recommend the lasagna and veal parm. Like a review said before if you're a high maintenance diner don't bother. If you like good food and generous portions with decent (free) wine then this is the place to go.
4	Great experience. First off, this place really isn't a hole in the wall, it's an old school, classic Italian restaurant. The food was pretty good, eggplant parmagiana was a little  well done, but good. Huge portions. Here's the killer thing - this restaurant serves all you can drink wine. What? Yep. Included in the price of the meal, they bring you carafes of red and/or white wine and you pour it yourself, and when you are out, they bring you more. Only in Vegas. Both the red and white were perfectly decent tasting house wines. THEN, this tiny, ancient man comes around to the tables playing an accordion. It's amazing. He asked us where we were from and came up with a snippet of an appropriate song. Awesome. Right near Bally's. Do make reservations.
5	old Vegas dining experience, love this place for Italian. had the chicken par and creamed spinach, great as usual. great service, complimentary wine and garlic bread. flying fingers comes by and takes request, played The Tango.
4	Solid old-school red-sauce Italian. With a straightforward menu, great service, and an absolutely delightful accordion player, it's definitely worth heading off the Strip. I had the cannelloni. Nice tender meat, good pasta texture and simple but flavorful sauces...tasty. The after-dinner cappuccino was fantastic. No clue what they put in it, but it was deliciously creamy. Did I mention endless wine? It wasn't the best wine I've ever had, but it certainly wasn't the worst, either.
2	Tried to have dinner at the bar, the menu is very limited and the bartender and servers do not really care if you eat at the bar or not. Behind the bar are a number of signs that tells the customers what they cannot have or cannot do. This attempts to be a neighborhood eatery, but without the neighbor in mind. Now for the food, ordered a chicken parm, asked for a side of pasta, was told no substitutes, it came with a lame version of creamed spinach. Tomato sauce just OK, not really memorable.
3	My second time to Vegas, and my second trip to Battista's. After my first trip, 4 years ago, I came back to Cincinnati wanting to find a place just like this. A hole in the wall Italian place with homemade food and all you can drink house wine. While I still haven't found this at home, I went back to Vegas last week with my husband to celebrate our anniversary and we made sure to have dinner here. The food wasn't as good as I remembered, but it was better than some places I've been to around home, so I give it a plus. The salad was soggy and the eggplant had been microwaved but the noodles and sauce were good, and the coffee was delicious. Every time I come back to Vegas, I'll be sure to stop in because the value of what you get vs the price is outstanding!
4	fun, fun, fun! And tasty food. It's a really great experience for locals and tourists.
5	Love! Love! Love! This place. Ambiance is fun with a funky old school feel. Free all you can drink wine, garlic bread, salad and side of pasta included with your meal. Followed by free cappuccino. Gordy the accordion artist tips off the evening. Wish I could give this place 100 stars instead if 5.
5	Fantastic place to eat! Highly recommend not buying the wine, but drinking the complimentary wine given with every meal. The manicotti is TOP NOTCH and made from scratch there. The clams and linguini is fabulous and generous. The menu is simple and on the wall. There is a little guy who plays an accordion who has been there for decades, you must have him playa a song for you. This place is a guaranteed stop every time my wife and I visit. This is also a celebrity frequented establishment. Very consistent service!
5	Went here again recently and this place is just awesome. It's like being in Vegas when Vegas was awesome, in the 1950s-60s. Our friends who take us here (who live in Vegas) have a standing Friday night reservation there and they treat them like royalty - the valet saves them a parking spot and they get "their" table every Friday. Awesome staff. "Their" server is a great guy named "Papa". They got amazingly yummy salmon and we got the special of the night which was steak and shrimp. So good. Comes with garlic bread and amazing salad, and as I mentioned in my previous review, all-you-can-drink wine. Mmm hmm. Yeah.Just go here. It's so fun.
4	Everyone should visit!   This place is awesome.  Great decor.  Great food.  Server was very informative and nice.
5	We have been coming to BHIW for years. Love the portion size, unlimited wine, and especially the atmosphere. Just a great place to experience, especially as a family.
4	Ok so the inside looks like it could be your creepy aunts 1950's house---and when I say kitchy I mean that there are tons of tchotckes!  When I heard there was unlimited wine how could I pass up at least trying this place.  The service was very tentative and efficient.  Food wasn't too bad---there is just a lot of it--which depending on your appetite can be a good or a bad thing.  All dinners come with the unlimited house red and white wine, soup or salad, a side of pasta, and a cappuccino at the end of your meal.  Hubby had the steak pizziola and I had the chicken rio---both were pretty tasty.  The garlic bread nothing to get excited over.  The cappuccino that came after dinner had fluffy whipped cream on top and was delightful. Ample parking in the parking lot.  My experience was pretty good.  Probably a fun place to eat with a big group.
4	Dinner here is a must every time I'm in Vegas.  Wine, salad, bread and cappuccino included with dinner? Can't beat it.  I've never had a bad meal or or bad service; it's a great way to spend an evening with friends away from the usual Strip chaos.  The atmosphere is nice and cozy, and the food is just great.  One warning:  the appetizer platter is amazing but about $50 bucks, so don't get too carried away.
4	A friend recommended this place to me and my sister and I *loved* it.Things you automatically get with any meal: wine, bread, salad, entree, cappuccino.We welcomed the bottomless house wine with open arms/mouths. My sister was right in stating, "The bread isn't even that great, but I can't stop eating it!" Ha! It was definitely more delicious when we scooped sauce up with it. :)My sister and I split the eggplant parm. It was pretty good.The reality is we spent the ENTIRE day walking. I mean seriously, we walked miles that day. So much sightseeing and getting from place to place. That's the best time to visit Battista's. The atmosphere is chill and you can eat and drink and talk.For some reason the waitresses rushed us when they still had about an hour before closing. But we took our time with dessert and drinking more wine. :) The cannoli was my favorite part!!We were told to make a reservation in advance, but a party of 3 came in without one and was seated within 5 minutes. I assume weekends are crazier than a weekday [when we went].
3	Had friends swear it was the best place ever so we went there for a dinner with 8 people. There was nothing particularly wrong with the place, it just wasn't that spectacular in my opinion.The food portions were gigantic, way too big for one person. You can share them, they charge you a fee to split them because of the unlimited drinking.My wife and I both thought the food was only ok.There was unlimited (albeit not very good) red/white wine included.The location is a bit off of the strip, not hard to get to, but annoying to walk to.If you just want to go somewhere to get drunk "free" it's not a bad place. If you're looking for a solid meal I'd skip it.
5	How can you go wrong with a bottomless carafe of wine and sides of pasta with your pasta?  The service was fantastic, and it wasn't overly crowded: I was able to grab a table immediately.
4	If you're looking for something tastey on the strip but not at outrageous strip prices, stop in at Battista's Hole in the Wall.  Red/white house wine is included, the menu is simple and even picky eaters can find something to eat.
4	Food was really good! I got Chicken Parm. The creamed spinach that came with it was wonderful! Garlic bread was really good. All meals are served with a salad, which was good, but wish they had other dressings besides Italian to choose from. It's a little overpriced, but it's nice that they give unlimited wine. If you don't like wine, probably not the place for you considering the price... Service was great!
5	This place is amazing. Old fashioned Las Vegas experience. On the house wine (all you can drink), which I definitely took advantage of. ;)
4	The ambience and the decor are good.  Classic and relaxing.  The complimentary bread and cappuccino are great.  The flavor are a little bit light.  With the complimentary red and White House wine is still a place worth to come for family and date.
2	We were VERY disappointed.  The customer services to TOP NOTCH but the food was OK. I'm glad we experienced Battista's but we will not return.
4	we went here on a sunday evening. it wasn't crowded at all.everyone recommended this place to me so i had to give it a try!with every meal you get unlimited/complimentary red and white wine, a salad, garlic bread, and cappuccino (soooooooo delicious)!the portions were huge and we didn't want to carry left overs with us so we shared the ziti with meatballs and an order of sausage. it was more than enough for both of us but they do charge you a $12 fee for sharing.we liked everything about it, even the cute old man that comes around and sings for you!we also got pretty drunk very fast with all of the wine!
4	With the infinite nightlife and snazzy restaurants that line the Strip of Las Vegas, Battista's Hole In the Wall may be overlooked at first glance. However, this gem provides a unique, fun atmosphere with a flavor of Italia.The menu is posted on the walls in large font and contains simple dishes that remain unchanged. Each meal comes with soup or salad, garlic bread, and free wine that is sure to loosen up the group. The meals are fairly priced and the portions will leave you with a satisfied stomach. Every meal also comes with a free cappuccino. From my travels in Italy, their cappuccinos taste more like hot chocolate. But then again, how can you complain when it is included for free?Along with the generous portions, Battista's charismatic atmosphere really shines through when the accordion player graces you with his charming presence. The experience of Battista's makes any occasion feel special, from date night, to family night, to a night out on the town!
3	The food was plentiful and tasty (but not amazing) and the staff was great.  The restaurant is dim and has a 70s feel to it.  The house wine is unlimited and complimentary and the after-dinner cappuccino is to-die-for.   It was fine for the kids, but probably wouldn't be my first choice.  It was a little too quiet and "boring" for them.  As a date-night stop, I think it would be a great break from the craze of the strip.
5	You ever find yourself so full you are almost in pain, but the food is SO good that you wish could still eat more! That is how good the food is here. They make it the way it has been made by everybody's grandma has made it for generations. It is not over spiced like all the places now seem to do. Simple fresh flavors that let the food speak for itself, and believe me they sing. The prices when you see them may seem high but when you realize that they include soup or salad, endless wine (red and white), garlic bread, your main dish, and coffee after diner it is a very good deal! The atmosphere is fun, and loud like in a real Italian house during diner. If you want real Italian home cooking then this is it.
1	I ordered the ziti with meat sauce. I had to ask them to take the dish back. No flavor whatsoever. The sauce tasted as if it came from a can and the meat had no flavor. Not worth $20+ on its best day. My minestrone soup was cold when it was brought to the table. I had to ask the manager to remove my $12 cover charge for the soup that I had and a taste of the wine. The service was awful and the food not worth a second try.
5	Best Restaurant Ever if you want quality, homegrown Italian food in a casual family environment. Not the fanciest place in the world, but man it shouldn't be missed. Bang for your buck I think this is the best restaurant in Vegas...
4	This place was recommended to me by a friend who comes to Vegas frequently, and I was not disappointed. It looks a little shady at first, right next door to a liquor store in a strip mall. But the staff were all very nice, and we were seated right away (at 7 pm on Friday night). You can't beat the value- there are tiers to the menu, depending on your entree. I got the ziti with pomodoro sauce, which was the lowest tier at $21.95. The pricier options include steak and veal and can go as high as $38.95. Whatever entree you choose, it comes with house wine, garlic bread, soup or salad, and cappuccino.The garlic bread was delicious and plentiful (we went through two baskets...there were two of us). The salad was great, surprisingly large and had great leafy greens, not just a bag of iceberg dumped into a bowl. My pomodoro sauce wasn't amazing, but it wasn't bad either. The cappuccino WAS amazing. So, so good. My mom who doesn't ever drink coffee/espresso tried a sip and we ended up splitting it.The real attraction is the ambience and the adorable accordion player, Gordy. He found out we were from Missouri and played the Missouri waltz for us! Very sweet and he gives the place a lot of character.The food is nothing earth-shattering but it's all tasty and you get SO much for the money. Definitely check it out, if only to be serenaded by Gordy.
3	Pretty good tourist-y Vegas destination for Italian food near the Strip.   Slightly pricy, but the menu is all-inclusive with the entree, soup/salad, unlimited wine, side orders, bread, and cappuccino.  If I had any complaints, it'd be the price (which is to be expected from a touristy area and the lack of notice that the dinners also come with creamed spinach.  (I'd have asked them to leave it off my plate.)Otherwise, the service was good and they accept reservations, which is always a plus in Vegas.
3	They get three stars for ambiance and service. We have been there four or five times and we just went and the food was awful, the cheese on my veal tasted liked it belonged on something else and no cheese I have EVER tasted. So enjoy the experience, the bread and the cheap wine, but eat before you go.
4	A great break from Casino joints.  Always good and consistent but occasionally a little slow on service.
4	A pleasant old-school diversion from the flash and glitz of the Strip. Great for large parties, but reserve them in advance. A fun and loud and boisterous place with unlimited (cheap) wine, Battista's has good food, good prices, and a very casual setting.
5	I had the server order for me.  He ordered the lasagna.  It was unbelievable.  I loved all the cheese. The sauce had just the sweetness but not too much.The meal came with soup (minestrone) or an Italian salad (my choice), the garlic bread was nummy, and a cappuccino (which I declined but was made to try).  To top that off, you can have all the wine you can drink.What did I like the most?  Being serenaded by an 80 something year old accordion player.I'll definitely come here again.
5	I just loved my meal here. They whisked me to a table, got my food quick, and it was awesome. I had the lasagne. Definitely one of the best I've ever had. The meal comes with a salad or soup, garlic bread, and a house made cappuccino. Decent price, effective service, and food that more than satisfies.
3	Food was good about 1hr wait to be seated  given it was sat (730pm ish) was looking for some good Italian pizza but got shot down. No pizza boo!! Accordion player was cool
4	3.5Really good choice when you have a large group of people, fun and efficient restaurant for groups.Gives you a kitschy feel for old Vegas, and thats a nice warm fuzzy feeling for sure.  The pastel blue toilets, the bartenders that have been there for 35 years, the junk filled walls, its all nice.  It feels distinctly Vegas.Ehhh the food- good value, complete meal with wine, salad, entree and coffee- neat package.  Im just not one for uber cheesy suacey carby Italian.  Not my thing dont enjoy it.
1	I was truly was disappointed. I have been going here for years, but the other night was my last time. I have been tell my friend what a cool place it was. my friends meal was over cooked, sent it back and got changed more then the meal  because the waitress charged my friend for the wine, soup, bread and a minimum charge for dinning. Terrible service. The soup was being service out of a big stainless steal pot with no top, that sat on a roller cart. The cart was in the walkway with a lot of foot traffic.
5	OMG it upsets me that there's not a chain of these restaurants. And unfortunately, I live in the opposite side of the country.An hour wait on a Wednesday night at 8pm. That shows you how hoppin it is. I had Chicken Parmesan with spaghetti - $28.00 (That came with a side of spinach). The chicken was HUGE!  And for me to carry food home, it must have been big. Before your meal, they serve you you get a choice of soup or salad (I got the salad, yes it was amazing), including the most delicious garlic bread ever (puts olive garden to SHAME), and for dessert included a cappuccino. I'm not a fan of cappuccino's but it tasted just like chocolate milk, I couldn't even taste the coffee-ness.Like I said, it's unfortunate I live a 5-hour plane ride away. But when I'm back.. I'll be sure to spend money there, again! Next time I'll be smart enough to call in for a reservation.I guess I should tell you about my service as well, GREAT.
4	Battista's Hole In the Wall is awesome! Went here for the first time when I was in Vegas for my kickball tourney (WAKApalooza) early October. My teammate is a huge fan and suggested this place to the rest of the team for a big team dinner Saturday night.It's located right next to the Flamingo Hotel where we were staying, so we were able to walk over. The restaurant is pretty big itself, but the tables are sort of cramped together in small rooms. The decor is awesome. Definitely a friendly, local vibe. Since our party was pretty big (about 14 of us), we had to wait a bit before getting a table. Not a big deal, since we started pre-drinking at the bar. The price range for the meals depends, but all range from $23-40. You get unlimited red or white wine with your meal though, plus all the meals come with Minestrone soup or Italian salad, garlic bread, pasta side & homemade Cappuccino. I ordered the lasagna and it was huge. I probably ate a quarter of it before I got full. I probably wouldn't have been as full if I hadn't filled up on garlic bread, but I couldn't help it - the garlic bread was ah-mazing. The cappuccino was really good too! More of a hot chocolate than coffee to be honest.Service was good. They were kind enough to split our party in two, to help make the check easier. We even had a gentleman come serenade us with his accordian! I would definitely come back again.
1	"Not the greatest Italian-American Food"The atmosphere is "old Vegas".  The food lacks flavor and quality.  Food:  I ordered the Chicken Marsala.  The chicken wasn't cooked long enough to be tender and wasn't flavorful.  The marsala was runny; like it wasn't reduced or tightened up and mushrooms were scantily displaced on the plate.  The steamed broccoli was so-so, and the free wine with the dish was okay.  Overall, I would say this place is for more tourists and medium sized parties.
1	PLEASE READ, DO NOT EAT HERE!!!!!Just for the record, I have been working in the restaurant industry for several years from Michelin rated to casual. Therefore, I know good food, and bad food, when I see it.Battista's Hole in the Wall is the absolute worst restaurant I have ever been to. Listed below are all the reasons why:1. The Hostesses. All the hostesses were cold and unfriendly. Did not smile or welcome us. When asked to be seated they told us we had to have our whole party there (understandable for large parties) but we were a party of 4, 2 of us were there. When asked to see a menu, they handed us a paper menu with ZERO descriptions and when asked about the descriptions, they informed us that our server would inform us.1. The Server. When seated the was extremely clueless. He asked us several times if we had any questions, yet when we asked him questions he did not know. We asked him to explain the menu, and he pointed to the menu on the wall and told us to look at it. When asked what beers there were he told us all kinds, then only mentioned 2. He was very un attentive and took forever to do anything. 3. According player. As you "enjoy complimentary" soup/salad and bread, Gollum from The Lord of the Rings comes to your table and tells you (not asks) to play your party a song. Then, he awkwardly stands there until you reluctantly reach into your pocket/purse to give him a tip. 4. The Food. The food was awful. The dishes are pre-made ($25+) meals which are extremely unappetizing. Literally, they tasted like TV dinners. We had Chicken Alfredo, Chicken Parmesan, and Beef Ravioli. Everyone hated they're dishes.5. Cover Charge. Considering I hated my meal, I returned it to the server assuming he would take it off the check. He did not. Only after requesting it's removal, the check is returned with a "cover charge." He did not tell us what this was and when asked, he informed us that "when someone doesn't order a dish a cover charge is done to cover the "included" soup/salad/bread. In my case since I sent my dish back, they decided to charge me $12 for their awful starters.  From start to finish I had the absolute worst experience I have ever had at a restaurant and left hungry. Please do not waste your time/money on this place. I would give it no stars if I could. At this rate, Battista's will surely go out of business.
3	It is what it is, kitschy.  While Buca Di Beppo has the market on that keyword, there something nostalgic about coming to the real McCoy.It's not really a "hole in the wall".  It's pretty large with varies rooms.  A block off the strip, its great for a large party get-together (wedding rehearsal, sweet 16, etc), because it won't set you back.  Reasonable prices, huge food, and somewhat delish.Specials rule the nest, but there is a 25 item list will get your mouth watering.  Slurp.It's fun.
4	Great atmosphere and the food was good! Will definitely return!!\
1	I would really like to know what the people giving this place more than one star consume on a daily basis. I've never had a meal as repulsive as the one I had at this restaurant on Saturday. Between the service (hostesses & server) to the food, I was waiting for a hidden camera to come out & tell my party we were being Punk'd. YUCK!
1	Night of visit: November 23, 2013- I MUST CONFESS, I AM NOT A BIG FAN OF ITALIAN FOOD-BUT, WITH THAT SAID, I KNOW THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN GOOD, BAD AND UGLY.  I am a local looking for favorite little places to put on a 'go to' list when I want a night off the Strip.ATMOSPHERE: Great, Old Vegas Feel....had me with eager hopes for good food to match....SIGH....SERVICE: average - with many 'points to the MENU on the wall'.FOOD: Ok, the menu on the wall brags of 'Free wine (white or red)', 'free soup or salad', 'free garlic bread', 'free sugar/syrup cappuccino' -ALL of this "free with your meal".  The Lowest meal is $21.00 --this for a plate of pasta, sauce and two hard little meatballs.  Humm,  think we are really paying for all this crap.  I'm blonde but not stupid.OK, IF the food was GOOD-I would pay twice the price for all that 'free stuff'.  But, I think I could get better pasta at one of the cheapest Buffets in town.  The spaghetti and meatball dinner was bad, but the eggplant parm was like a Banquet frozen dinner and I think $24.  hahaha   How do you spell RAGU?  The wine is watered down cheap red, which I expected.The garlic bread, was not toasted, but warm and dried out like it sat around in the oven and turned to hard crumbs.Soup, canned.  Salad, blah. I am  totally shocked to see the high stars and great ratings for food.  I guess pasta lovers ...just plain love pasta, no matter how crappy?Another place X'd off my 'restaurants to try list'.
2	Batista's was recommended to my husband and myself by a coworker and I wish we hadn't heeded her suggestion...The ambiance in the place was cluttered and cloistering.   I get what they are going for, an obviously have been working on it forever, but the place could really use a sprucing up after all these years...There are no menus they are just plastered on the walls ...EVERY wall. Entrees run $28 to $38 dollars and include free house wine (which should be a trigger) soup or salad, garlic bread, a pasta side if your entee does not include pasta, and a cup of cappuccino.Maybe I'm a food snob, but this place needs Kitchen Nightmares called on it!  To start with, the free house wine tasted like grape juice and vinegar and was completely undrinkable. The salad was served overdressed in Italian dressing, which made the lettuce soggy.  This was the oddest salad I'd ever been served.  It included a single black olive, a single grape tomato, one whole pepperoncini, sliced carrots, a huge slice of salami, and a big chunk of cheese.  The "garlic" bread did not taste of garlic at all. It just tasted like Parmesan cheese and Italian seasoning on really greasy bad bread.  My husband ordered the shrimp scampi and he said that the shrimp was pretty good but the rest was just average. I ordered the chicken parmesan. The pasta side dish with cooked fine and the sauce was not bad. The chicken was cooked properly but the giant hunk of melted mozzarella did nothing to cover up the fact that the breading on the chicken soggy and tasteless.   The topper was the side of creamed spinach... call 1973 they want their side dish back!  Our water was served in plastic cafeteria cups and the cup of cappuccino at the end of the meal was served in a plastic mug.  It tasted like powdered cappuccino mix, but was honestly probably the best part of the meal!I would give Battista's 1 star for the food but the service was not bad so I'm giving them 2.  What we thought might be a rare gem off the strip turned out to be nothing to write home about...  Don't bother wandering off to a bad part of town looking for good food... stay in your hotel.. there's bound to be better food there!
5	This place is amazing!  Great food. The Italian salad is the best I've ever had.  You get unlimited wine too! After dinner you get a great cappuccino and a yummy dessert of your choice :). Well worth the wait!
5	We happened across this gem after stopping by an info booth at Paris and asking for a good italian restaurant recommendation inside Paris or Bally's so we didn't have to go outside in the cold. The woman coyly asked "Do you want a good place?", which of course we answered yes. She told us about Battista's, mentioning more than once that it was the best in town and it was owned by the mob. We asked if it was expensive and she said no, because it was owned by the mob and it wasn't in one of the casinos. We were sold and were happy to make the quick walk outside and across the street to check it out.The ambiance is charming. A sweet man was working outside and opening the door for guests to get in from the cold. Once inside, it was dark and cluttered with random memorabilia of all kinds. We knew immediately this was going to be good. It's what a lot of restaurant chains try to accomplish but this place did authentically. It was going to be an hour to an hour and a half wait, but neither of us seemed to mind, so we grabbed a seat in the bar area and had a glass of wine and some calamari.  The calamari was very tender and a good snack while we waited. We were seated about an hour later, taken to the back corner of one of the seating sections. Every meal comes with soup or salad, garlic bread, free house wine (red or white) and a homemade cappuccino. All for about $25 for the basic half of the menu, up to $35 for some of the fancier options. They only have 25 items on their menu, and I'm sure they make them all exactly like your sweet Italian grandmother would. It was comfort food at it's best. The salad was simple, but a nice start to the meal. The garlic bread was perfect, toasted so it was crunchy on the outside with a garlic mixture and cheese on top. Once the entrees came, we were just so pleased. The portions were hearty, and you could taste the tradition and love that went into the food. It was simple and classic and delicious! The wine isn't incredible, but it's not bad either, and pairs very well with the food (I'm guessing they use the same wine to cook with). And where else on the strip can you get a full meal for $25 that includes all the wine you can drink?!?Then, the perfect ending to the meal was the cappuccino they bring you (also included). It comes topped with whipped cream and has a lovely flavor (maybe amaretto?) that just made me melt into my seat in our cozy little corner of the restaurant. It was the perfect ending to our meal experience, no additional dessert required (though it's available if you want to add it on). And Gordy! Gordy is the sweet, little (seriously, he is tiny) old man that walks around playing the accordion (and has been since 1981). As he approached our table, I wasn't trying to avoid making eye contact like i would most musicians in restaurants when I'm trying to eat. He was just cheerful and pleasant and adorable. He played a short song for me and my friend and was just cuter than words can describe. If you are looking for deluxe, high end italian fusion, Battista's in not the place for you. If you are looking for a great, classic italian meal experience, you don't want to miss this place (my friend said she hadn't had cooking like this since she was in Italy about a year ago). AND, all for a total of about $25! This is definitely on the list of places we will always stop by when we come to Vegas!
1	I am going to preface this review by saying that I really hate to give bad reviews and that I review places no matter what my experience was. I live in Vegas, so I have passed by this place more than once. I never actually heard if it was good or not, and never bothered to try it out. This past weekend, my aunt and her friends were in town and one of them likes this place and made a reservation for us to eat there before seeing a show. I had the option of joining them for dinner or just meeting them at the show...well, I wish I would have just skipped dinner at this place and gone to the show. I love Italian food and grew up with real Italian food being cooked by my grandmother.I really have no idea how some people are giving this place 5 stars. I was really confused at the menu--it's posted up on the wall and I had to crane my neck to look at it from my seat so I just settled on spaghetti and meatballs.The meal comes with a side salad, wine, garlic bread, your entree, and a cappuccino.The wine was not that good. But I figured since it was included in the price. The white tasted something like grape juice and the red seemed watered down. The salad actually made me laugh---1 grape tomato, 1 black olive, 1 piece of salami, 1 chunk (yes, chunk) of cheese, mixed greens, and to be honest, I'm not sure if there was any dressing on it or not.The bread was okay, nothing special but it was more like slices of toast than what you normally get at a restaurant for garlic bread.When I got my spaghetti and meatballs, I was disappointed to say the least. The sauce was bland--needed garlic and more seasonings. The meatballs left something to be desired. I got spaghetti and meatballs because it is such a fail-safe dish. I honestly make better spaghetti and meatballs myself. I make my sauce, pasta, and meatballs all from scratch so I know it can be done and be good. This tasted like a TV dinner.Lastly, the cappuccino. I don't normally drink cappuccinos, so I will be honest and say that I might not be the best critic of this part of the meal, but I feel like it tasted like it came from a mix. It was overly sweet and for some reason made me think of Honey Maid graham crackers. Also, during our meal Gollum (perfect description by reviewer below) did come over to play the accordion for us which was more annoying than anything and I did my best not to laugh.Overall, I wish I just passed on this place and if I want Italian food I will either just make it myself or find a better place even if it is a chain restaurant (sadly, most chains I can think of would have been a better bet).
5	We love this place!!!  We aren't ones for real fancy places, we just want a good atmosphere and great food. This is exactly what you will get at Battista's Hole in the Wall.  If you like Italian food then this is one place you must try.  I think everyone that I know that has ate here- continues to go back every time they make it out to Vegas.
3	Nothing that I ate here stood out, and it was not a particularly cheap place. I had the broiled catch of the day (Salmon that day), and while the cut of fish was good, the glaze was meh, and the side vegetables were bordering on mushy. I tried some of the included pasta that was being passed around our massive table of 20+ folks, and it was also meh. I tend to judge italian places by the quality of their marinara, and I wasn't impressed - it was flat tasting and didn't seem particularly fresh.The redeeming qualities of this place are the all-italian, make you feel like you're in Brooklyn staff, and the unlimited house wine (which was surprisingly OK). The accordion player was so genuinely happy to be there and playing his accordion for us, and I'd say he was the highlight of my night. With all of the similarly priced yet exceptional food in Vegas, it's hard to say that I would make an effort to come back, but it was nice for a single visit.
3	Mixed bag that gives what you put into itI've been here a few times with large groups and it always come down to the group on how I enjoy my visit. The food is ok at best. it's simple, not fancy and does come as a full meal with house wine. Let me restate this is nothing fancy, including the wine. What Battista is good for is delivering a good deal. On all of my visits the service was middle of the road. There's nothing special in that area. It's slow but does deliver.If you have a large party of friends and family who want a deal on mediocre Italian and cheap wine, this is your Hole In The Wall. If you're looking for something more, stick closer to the strip.
3	Very old school setting, which is nice. Entrees are pricey for the quality and quantity of the dinners. I like this place because it is an easy stroll to and from the flamingo which has very limited dining options. One star for the odd entertainment.
3	This place is such a trip man. If you need a break from the flash and glitz of the strip take a short walk behind ballys and you will find this little nugget tucked into a strip mall. Don't go here for the food. Go for the history, the atmosphere and the free wine :). Food actually isn't too bad. Not great. Don't plan on going out and fist pumping in the club afterwards. You will be too full to walk.
3	I had expected more from this place. Food was decent but not the best,I had the chicken Parmesan. We enjoyed the salad and bread. Our families had hyped up the place too much and my expectations were not meet but the cappuccinos were amazing. Service was fair.
1	Skip it. Food is overpriced for what you're getting, which is poor quality food. And the "house wine" is quite possibly the worst wine I've ever had. Servers were friendly though
2	I thought the prices (22 - 39) we're high for simple Italian. The celebrators photos that cover the walls are so old I do not recognize the people and I am safely in senior citizen territory. It is near the strip and my date was impressed, so it so it ain't all bad.
3	I was a bit nervous before visiting Battista's because it seems like people either really love it, or really really hate it.We ate dinner here on New Years Eve, and one of the main reasons for doing so was its proximity to where we were staying at the Flamingo. It is an easy 10 minute walk from the back of the Flamingo over to Battista's.All of the staff were friendly and the unlimited wine is certainly nice. I had my own carafe of red wine and my wife had her own of white. It is not great wine, but it is unlimited.The food is pretty good, but the prices are a bit high, even with the unlimited wine. The other thing stuck in my mind from our visit was the proximity of the tables to each other. We could hear the entire conversation of the couple at the table across from us.
4	Abundant portions of good food and never ending supply of red and white wine and garlic bread. Can't go wrong. Also this place has got character in excess; an adorable old man plays the accordion and chats with you as he did once with Elvis Presley, Frank Sinatra, and Dean Martin.
4	We are local and love this place.  If you're looking for gourmet may food this may not be the place for you.  Generous portions of old school homemade style Italian food love the chicken parm veal parm not your typical fancy upscale restaurant on the strip the accordion player no songs plays the songs and you gotta love them prices are fair at $30 for full meal with a yes cheap but drinkable Italian wine greater experience great ambiance we go there when we have friends in from out of town and sometimes when we just want a nice big Italian meal
4	Not the most impressive Italian food I've ever had, but it's a classic red sauce kind of place. It's definitely worth the price and you won't be surprised by how much your meal costs in the end. The menu is cut and dry. Pick an entree off the list and order soup or salad with it. They'll bring you garlic bread and unlimited house wine along with a side of pasta with your meal. The wine is probably from a box, but it's very drinkable and goes down smooth. Where else in Vegas can you get such a deal? The menu has staples like lasagna and veal parmigiana. It's basic, but very hearty and filling. The servers have it down to a science. These kind of family-run businesses are a rarity. There's a funny accordion player that will work his way to your table. Tip the old guy as he is very charming! I like the vibe of Battista's and I will definitely be back. It's the kind of place to take an old friend, but not a work client you want to impress. My boyfriend and I appreciate kitsch, so it worked for us! We used a coupon and got $10 off $50 or more, so our meal was more than affordable. I just can't believe they made a big deal out of the coupon being on a smart phone instead of printed out when it says on the coupon that you can just show the server your phone. Weird...I hate being hassled, but ultimately they granted the $10 off, so no harm done. I'm just sorry it took me this long to finally eat here. I will be back for the one-of-a-kind ambiance and experience.
5	It really pisses me off to read the pretentious one star reviews of this eatery. Battista's is so great, it's old vegas and I go every time I am in town. My wife and I was just there on New Year's eve for the fifth time. I, as always ordered the Veal Parm, and it was crazy delicious. This place is true vegas, and it makes me happy every time I enter the doors. Please make a reservation and experience the same place that Frank, Dean and even the King loved!
2	http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/battistas-hole-in-the-wall-las-vegas?select=fp3gb-ENJa1b3pi-impq3AI have a friend who loves this place so much that she is having her wedding reception here. When she found out that we were heading to Las Vegas six weeks ago she insisted we had to check this place out. Attached is a picture of me outside the restaurant. Obviously it was taken before we dined because I am smiling.Formulaic beyond description! The wait staff have everything down to such a science that there is absolutely no warmth. They bring you free, undrinkable wine and point to the menu on the wall. You order from a handful of traditional and delicious-sounding Italian entrees, ranging in price from about $25.00 to about $50.00.  Immediately after ordering they bring a mealy iceberg salad in a wooden bowl, or soup, and some garlic bread which was fine. I had the chicken parmesan. It was clearly reconstituted, formed, frozen and reheated. I love Italian food and am fond of saying that I have never met a plate of spaghetti I didn't like. I ate one bite of the chicken and tried the spaghetti and pushed it to the side. My husband really tried to eat his spaghetti too but we just couldn't do it. The sauce is weirdly sweet and off-putting. It was just bad and his too, was pushed to the edge of the table. The wait staff are trained or have learned the hard way not to inquire when diners do this because 1) he didn't ask if there was a problem, when clearly there was. He just briskly removed the offending plates, and 2) all they would do all night is have conversations about their bad food..The "cappuccino" included with my dinner was half Carnation Instant Cocoa and half Folger's Crystals. Again, undrinkable and removed without a word when pushed aside.The ambiance is great...red and white tablecloths, pictures of Vegas legends all over the walls (behind my husband), and high wooden booths. I know this place was popular back in the day but clearly things here are not as they once were.I was legit hungry when we left and grabbed a burger at In and Out...it rocked.
3	Prices have gone up,better deals and better italian around for less cash.Cool place if you were never there but so many better choices all over the strip.
4	Awesome old-school style & good food. Usually busy, but the wait isn't generally long. Great staff and you can expect to pay from about $30. to 50.00 / person, depending on what you want. The salad, bread, table wine & a cappuccino to top things off are included in the main course price. Worth the walk.
3	We've been coming here for years.  The last time in 2009.  So here we are, January 28, 2013 and decided to try our old haunt.  It hasn't changed a bit.  Busy as ever and the accordion player is still there - though his sets are much shorter!  The food is so-so but there is lots of it.  My husband had spaghetti and meatballs and I had the lasagna.  Huge portions for two people but we managed.  The free wine isn't as good as I remembered - but I had a less discriminating palette back then.  Who's to complain?  It comes with the meal!
4	This is old time Vegas. Italian foods done the American way. I heard great things from this place but had no real expectations as to what experience I would get.The business  is clean from what I could tell with the dimmed lights. The menus are on the wall, all Food was well cooked.Also unlimited red or white wine... So don't worry about going thirsty!!!OverallService: 4-5Food: 4-5Drink: 5-5Price: $$$Come back: oh yes
5	One of my favorite stops while in Vegas. Love the house wine, the accordion player, and by the way the food isn't too shabby either! Try the lasagna or the chicken parm; your cant go wrong with either. Save room for dessert too!
5	Despite showing up on Valentine's Day without a reservation, we were seated promptly.  Very cheerful staff and always excellent food!  One of my favorite places to eat in Vegas!!!!   Pricey, but worth it!
1	If you don't have a reservation don't show up. They tell ya 45 mins and it turns into 2 hours. Not worth the wait when hunger.
4	I give Batista's a four star because it is affordable, fun and predictable. It is an old Vegas landmark. Food is decent. Think more family style than upscale!Meals come with wine, bread, soup or salad, entree and a cappuccino.
5	We really enjoyed eating here.  I has the minestrone and linguine with chopped clams and my wife had the lasagna. Both were very good. The house red and white wines are complimentary with the meals. The service was good and they gave us a piece of teramasui since it was our wedding night. It was a good experience and I would totally eat there again.
4	This is an old time Vegas haunt. The food is great and the decorations are awesome. While I love the food my favorite part is the accordion player who has been there for 22 years. It's convenient to the strip so make the trip!
3	Ok, I'll make this short.Great location - across the street from Ballys, next to Flamingo, close to Bellagio, PH. Nice parking.Complimentary red and white wine is awesome, but it doesn't taste very good. But hey, it's free.Seating is really close together.Food wasn't the best I've had. Bland marinara sauce. Good size portions, though.The best thing about this place was the delicious bread and yummy cappuccino with each meal.
1	The menu is really limited. The prices are literally insane. Yes, there is free house wine, but that is not free when you have to pay $25 for a plate of spaghetti. Most of the meals were in the $35 range. Not an elegant place, but the atmosphere is a rustic place steeped in history.
2	I was excited to review this place because of the polar opposite reviews I had read and how old and famous the place is!  I went with a big group, so I had the chance to see many menu items plated and try more than one dish.Ambience: Very kitschy and dark, lots of old photos and vintage cans, signs & baskets.  Equal parts fun and tacky.Drinks: Free bottomless house wine.  Not a drinker, but apparently its passable but no memorable.Service: not friendly, just efficient.  Not super helpful either.Salad: (included with the meal) 2 stars, boring, lightly vinaigretted greens with a chunk of cheese and a slice of pastrami.Garlic Bread: (included) Superb, 4 stars.  Warm, fresh, crispy and soft.Chicken Alfredo (entree): 3 stars. The sauce was fine, the grilled chicken was good.Filet Mignon: (entree) 1 star.  I eat steak all the time, this was awful: tasteless, under cooked, & dry.  It's hard to mess up a piece of meat but Battistas has done it.  Almost identical to the memorable time I ordered steak at an Applebee's in 2006.  That bad.Manicotti: (entree) 2 stars, the cheese was fine, but not much taste, and the sauce was pretty boring, kinda sweet.  Just bland overall.Cappuccino: (included) was really just hot chocolate with whipped cream.  Good, but not what you expect.Spumoni Dessert: 3 stars, it was tasty layered ice cream.  Can't mess it up, delicious and recommended.Tiramisu: overstrong flavor, but it looks pretty.  I can't rate it with justice because I don't like tiramisu.  Most at the table did not eat much of it.
4	This place was extremely good! Friendly service. With two of us, we got 2 carafes of wine: a red and white. The wine was actually good! We also got soup or salad, amazing garlic bread, our entree and cappachino with our meal! Everything was excellent! It was all for about $25 a person. Also a cute old guy came over and played the accordion and sang an individualized song to each table! Go there and you won't be sorry. :)
2	When in Vegas, you have this desire to check out "famous" places.I was a little underwhelmed by this place. It was very dark and the decor very outdated.I did not like looking at menus on the wall, nor did I like having my meal as a package deal. I don't drink wine. I can't eat 10 pounds of food.If you like wine and can eat a lot, this is a pretty fairly priced option.In any case, I had the minestrone with my meal which was pretty ordinary. Tasted a bit like it came out of a can. For my entree, I had the veal parm. Again, it was pretty ordinary. The veal wasn't particularly tender. The "cappuccino" at the end of the meal wasn't cappuccino. It really tasted like some sugary powdered coffee-like drink.Our waitress was unattentive and slow. Took forever to get anything.All in all, I would skip this place. There are so many better options.
2	Just barely ok.  Below average free wine.  Food looks like mass prepared in mess hall. It's ok but but not wonderfully by any stretch.   Pretty pricey for what it is - IMO.  I wouldn't go back nor recommend to any of my friends. Expected so much better.
3	This bizarre and unique spot is the kind of thing you can only find in Vegas. Honesty, I only want to find it in Vegas because what happens here, stays here. From the one price for everything including all you can drink cheap wine, to the large portions, and the accordion player from the planet Klepto, there is clearly no other place like it. It never changes. Whether you've visited 20 years ago like I have, or more recently like I have, not one single solitary thing has been altered. You still enter through a weird barrel, the bar is still crazily decorated, and the restaurant itself crams in potentially 100's of people to gorge on Italian American food, wine, and the finest hilarious accordion music in the Western Hemisphere. No review can do it justice. Try it once. I dare you.
5	Always a fan of this place. Terrific Italian good and atmosphere. Be sure to prepare yourself for lots of good food!
1	Food was terrible. Completely flavorless. Sauce was watery. The free wine is not drinkable.
4	I was looking for fresh delicious Italian food that you can't find in a chain restaurant...and I found it at Batistas. And this review has nothing to do with the wine that comes included with every meal, although that is a plus. The food is fresh, very flavorful and served simply.  I'll take that over a chain restaurants microwaved wannabe 's anytime. No matter what anyone else may say about this place what counts is: 1 - Is the food fresh? and 2-Does it taste good?  Yes on both counts here at Batistas. If you are someone who likes the fancy servings and high prices of the strip casino restaurants, this place is not for you. If you like good food served simple, then I recommend Batistas.
2	Just.... not great. Tired classics. The food tasted like it had been sitting out for awhile- the bread/soup/salad. White wine- Warm. Just.... nothing I'd come back again for. So disappointed. :( Casa di amore is way better.
3	I was here with a group of 20+. The food was good. The service was ok at best. The bartender was extremely horrible, and the meal servers were not very attentive to our group. For the price of meals in this restaurant, I would expect much better service. They also do not carry a variety of beers that pair with italian food. With so many things going for this place, they are very lacking in service and beer.
4	We always go to the Hole in the Wall when we go to Las Vegas, have always had a great time. Our daughter, son in law and granddaughter went recently, and although they really liked it, they felt "rushed". They were in and out in 45 minutes. I hope they are not going to cut short time spent there just to turn over the tables,
3	This place was a lot better years ago but still it wasn't the worst place I have ever been to.Pros-All you can drink red or white house wine -Meal comes with your choice of soup or salad-All you can eat delicious garlic bread-Service this visit was the best ever received and I have been here numerous times-Salad was light & flavorful just the right amount of dressingCons-Quality & taste has gone down the last few years the meals we ordered were bland-Portions are small for the price -Price has gone up just like everything else but $24.95 for lasagna and $21.95 for spaghetti is a bit much -Wait time is terrible even if you do make a reservation before hand.-Cappuccino is more like hot chocolate but if you like that then that would be a pro
4	This is an amazing local restaurant. I love the menu style and the atmosphere. I have had the chicken parm on multiple occassions and it is wonderful.This is not a high end restaurant it is local flair. Excellent value and good food.
2	I was hopeful.  I really was.  The pics looked pretty good.  I may be jaded having just returned from Italy for 10 days.  The people next to me kept saying "this is DAMN GOOD bread!"  Over and over.  Did I have a different recipe?  It was hard and crusty and for the most part, cut the inside of my mouth.  I ordered the soup.  A salad came out.  They fixed that right away.  House wine was a C-.Spaghetti and meatballs were gummy.  Portion was huge.  The noodles tasted like they had been cooked in stale water or something. No flavor at all The service was amazing, I must say.  They were quick and attentive and very nice to this gal dining alone. There was a long wait when I left.  Place was packed.  I don't get it.
5	Came here for dinner yesterday and I was very impressed! My boss suggested the place- and also suggested we get there right when they open because the place packs up quick. He was definitely right. It was on the dot 5pm and there was a crowd. Menu is simple, prices are fair and the food is so good (especially after food court food from the casinos!). We will definitely be back here on our next trip to Las Vegas. (For dessert I highly suggest the Spumoni ice cream cake!)
4	I'm a fan of most places on the Vegas strip....I'm also a fan of the places and hidden gems off the strip.  This is one of them.  Coming from Chicago with numerous decent Italian restaurants and restaurant chains I can be picky with my Italian meals and this place really gave the biggest bang for my buck hands down...when it comes to Italian food.This isn't exactly the place to go after downing cheap drinks next door at the Stage Door Casino, but it is what it is...and well I dined here after, my friends half in the bag.  I wish they could have enjoyed this meal as much as I did along with the wine that came with it.We arrived there a bit later than dinner time, there was about a 15 minute wait so we grabbed a glass of wine at the bar.  The place was still pretty hopping.  The  memorabilia is worth checking out while waiting as well.The menu is straight forward and on the wall...all meals come with house wine - red & white, delicious garlic bread, soup or salad.  Two of us got salads, one got soup - we raved about both.  I ordered ziti with meatballs for my meal - I honestly have no idea what the others had.  I enjoyed the white wine with my meal and just tasted the red, that was good as well.  I read complaints about the wine... they don't advertise it being high end wine, thus why it's HOUSE wine...and if that meal was al a carte anywhere else, you'd be paying more.If you're looking for a decent Italian meal...off the strip and not in a hotel, this is a great place to go.  I would definitely opt to eat here again.
2	All you need to know is drunk people love the food.
1	Ok ,this was my second time here .  My first dining experience was  great.  Service was good food was good.  But this time the  same dish I ordered eggplant parm  was totally different  bland, cold which is the worst .  My party of 6  also agreed with me about their entrees  ravioli , meatballs. Ect.. So I have to warn newcomers that this place has changed and not  my pick for Italian in Las Vegas
1	Blandest tasting seafood fettucine I have ever had.  Portions were large but what's the point... Burgundy wine was fine as was salad and garlic bread.
5	If you enjoy old school Italian places, this is it. A throw back to the days of the Rat Pack, this place excels at food, service, and atmosphere. The dimly lit atmosphere, accordion player, and true Italian recipes make this place a winner.
2	If you've been to Olive Garden, you've been here and you probably paid less for the same food and better service. The only reason I can see people hyping this place up is because they're drunk off the all you can drink red/white wine. I personally am not big on wine so I ate sober... Salad: It had a rectangular shaped peice of cheese on it and I think a cold cut slice of meat, which i was surprised by as I was asking about vegetarian items just 2 minutes before the salad came out... my mistake, I thought the salad was safe!Bread: nothing special. Wasn't gross but it wasn't super offensive. Eggplant Parmigiana: I just have had better. The red sauce was bland and the eggplant was covered in cheese which was overwhelming. There was soooooooo much cheese.Side of pasta: literally,  a side dish of penne pasta with more bland red sauce on it. Cappuccino: you know that machine at, like, all gas stations? Then you already know what this tastes like.Service: not terrible,  but not super friendly or welcoming. Would it hurt to show some personality or ask some nom-invasive questions? Is this your first time here? Would you like to hear some customer favorites? Etc... no one explained the menu or asked us if we wanted anything other than the wine. We had to ask for a drink menu. Ambiance: really dark version of Buca did Beppo. Really. Dark. Inside. Overall, the word to describe this place is: meh.
4	May 23, 2014I have been a couple of times and every time is as good as the time before. I always get the clams linguine with the red sauce. It was a Friday night and had made reservations the night before. We were promptly seated (make sure everyone is there in your party) and ordered cocktails from the bar. They began with huge pieces of garlic bread, your choice of soup or salad (hard to argue about either). The main dishes come out in perfect timing. There may be better Italian restaurants on the strip, but if you like Italian-American with huge servings and very affordable prices, this is the place to go. Free table wine, huge servings and tasty food make this place a no brainier.
4	I seriously look forward to going to Vegas so I can eat here.Battista's is a no-nonsense joint. Here's your wine (all-you-can-drink), "You want soup or salad?", here's your bread, order off the menu that's on the wall, and you get cappuccino that tastes suspiciously like ovaltine at the end. Perfect before a night of drinking and dabauchery.Restaurant can get pretty busy (30-45 minute wait), but no prob, just pop on over to Stage Door next door for a quick drink. Mamasan (the best bartender ever) gave us a $10 off coupon. Thanks!I'm notorious for eating off if everyone's plate, and it's all good. I notoriously avoid carbs in California, but savor the garlic bread here. Comfort food at its finest. I almost always get the chicken Parmesan and it's seriously better every time I order it. Oh, and the portions are HUGE. Come hungry AND thirsty!
5	This place is classic! The garlic bread..to die! I was with a party of 10 (crazy) girls. We were slightly late for our res, they still sat us promptly. The accordion player is a staple and came to sing to our birthday girl. The location...well....you'll miss it...so ask your driver!
4	Good, solid Italian food is what brings me back to Battista's when I'm in Vegas. The menu is posted on the wall and all meals include wine (your choice of red or white), salad and their amazing garlic bread. I recommend the egglpant parm which is baked with the right amounts of sauce and cheese. While the wine is nothing to write home about, its good enough and goes well with anything on the menu. If you're heading out for a night of drinking on the strip, Battista's is a good first stop for a hearty meal.
1	Impossible to find overlooked and tasteless pasta in Las Vegas. Look no further they have it mastered. That plus a 45 minute wait with reservations. Pass on this place.
4	Thankfully a co-worker clued me in on this little gem.  What a great find!  Our cab driver even said it's the best place near the strip, the best bang for your buck.  The food is basic Italian, but in a good way, nothing fancy but full of flavor.  Faves from the table were the sausage cacciatore and shrimp with a tasty alfredo sauce.  But the real draw is the all you can drink house wine (both red and white) that they provide for the table.  There's a little man that goes around playing the accordion and the environment is lively and friendly.  The wait staff was fabulous as well.
5	Brought my girl here and we were impressed. It is a hole in the wall and it has a good vibe. Food was delicious. They don't make pretty on your plate. They make flavorful food and figure you can go to a casino if you want presentation. House wine was good and all you can drink. Nice!
1	The worst Italian food I have ever had. Easily worse than Olive Garden
1	*** spoiled New Yorkers review*** were used to affordable delicious Italian food where we're from. This place is horrendous. The prices are obscene for the quality of food. Our table of 5 unanimously did not eat our entrees and decided it was the worst Italian we have ever had. We told the waitress we didn't enjoy our food and she ignored us. No apology or any acknowledgement. Highlights= "free" wine and cappuccino. The cappuccino taste like hot chocolate with a hint of coffee. Best thing we had all night.
3	This place has good food and it is a good deal considering you get all the house wine you can drink, a great salad, garlic bread, and a cappuccino after dinner.  And the dinner portions are huge.  I always get the manicotti and it is big enough for two meals.  However, be prepared to wait, most times 30 minutes or more.  The ambiance is outdated and could use a face lift.  And it is VERY LOUD.  And I've never had great service.  A couple of the waiters are very curt and a little rude.  But the food is good and worth going for and worth the wait.
4	I took my first trip to this restaurant a couple of weeks ago and thought it was great. It is a classic place that has been doing things the same way since it has opened. If you are looking for a diet-friendly place, this is probably not the place for you (no gluten free or whole wheat pasta) but if you are just looking for a classic Italian place this is the perfect place. Each meal comes with unlimited wine- red and white, soup or salad, garlic bread, and a cappuccino. The environment is really fun and eclectic and the garlic bread was some of the best I've had. The chicken cacciatore I got was just okay but the sausage pasta my step dad ordered was really delicious as well as the eggplant parmesan. Service is really fast, friendly, efficient, and the prices are reasonable for what you get. You will probably have to wait to get a table but it is a Vegas staple and somewhat hidden secret from what I understand. It is a fun and novel place with classic Italian food. It was a fun night! I would give it 3 stars based on the meal I ordered but the overall spirit of the place gives it an extra star.
3	The ambiance was true Italian, but I'm not sure the little man playing his instrument for money was. The cioppino was not what I recalled. Probably won't go back. I was planning this visit for 7 months. Disappointed.
4	We went for my Birthday July 3rd and once again it was excellent !! I will continue to take people there when I am in Vegas :)
1	I have been eating since 1984 and i have always loved this place. This place has slipped to posibly the worst restaurant in Vegas. Atmosphere is great service is great however the food is absolutely horribly. Took my whole family here for dinner tonight and now they are all mad at me.
4	Okay - it's not meant to be fine dining.  It's a Las Vegas landmark and experience. It's fun!!  Fresh salad, garlic bread, okay food, and cappuccino for dessert.  Don't count this place out - you may find that you go back every year like we do. Hint: the cannelloni is the best thing on the menu.
5	How do you not love Battista's? With its old-school Vegas charm, all you can drink wine, and awesome service, it's definitely as good as it gets. Each dinner comes with salad or soup, garlic bread, a carafe of wine, and cappuccino. Ever time I'm in Vegas, I make sure to eat here. Great Italian food, great atmosphere, and my Dad's picture on the wall (ok, I might be a little biased. ;-))I wish it was open for lunch - the hours are short comparatively speaking (it *is* Vegas), so plan your dinner time accordingly and don't miss out on a great meal.
5	25 people of varying ages and tastes. Had entire section 4 us. Great service, took care of all requests. Great value for party unlimited wine included. All 25 served at same time. Only added 18 pct tip in my world unheard of low. Best value for fun large group in Vegas. Last of old time Vegas on strip.
5	I recently had my destination wedding in Las Vegas at the end of May and had about 40 guests fly in from Chicago with my husband and me. Of course we wanted to do something nice as a thank you for everyone, so we decided food would be the best thank you. We also didn't want to go into debt by having dinner at some place on the Strip with 40 people because let's be honest, we could spend a small fortune on drinks alone. Enter Battista's!On a previous trip to Vegas, I convinced my now husband and another friend to try out Battista's Hole in the Wall. I had heard about this place for years, but never made it there and finally wanted to try it. Yes, it looks a bit sketchy from the outside (I think one of our guests who could see the building from their room in Bally's said, "it looks like a place where the prostitutes hang out"), but it is truly a fine, upstanding business. Live a little people!Anyway, since we had been to Battista's and really enjoyed the food previously AND you get all the wine INCLUDED with the meal, we decided to have our wedding dinner here. And I will always be happy we did.There was already a large(er?) group that had reservations at 7pm on that Saturday, but since we were only going to have 40 people they were able to get us in at the same time. We were not all at one table, but in a room with other diners where we basically were sitting in an L-shaped table configuration. I thought it was fun to have other diners in there as well, and I hope they enjoyed some of our speeches/toasts. Now, the important part - the food. We had one couple that is pretty much on the pulse of everything chic and cool tell us they were so happy that the dinner is at Battista's since it had been recommended several time to them. And for good reason - I thought the food was excellent. I had Eggplant Parm and wish we I could have taken the large portion I had leftover with me. Everyone I spoke to gushed about their food and especially the cappuccino. I don't drink coffee, so I opted out, but those who do said it was the best they ever had. In addition to the dinners and all the extras that come with them, we asked the servers to bring out dessert plates with assortments of what they had. Sadly, there was no cannoli, but they had tiramisu and spumoni. As mentioned, I'm not a coffee girl so I didn't try to tiramisu, but the spumoni was excellent! And they knew how much to bring out so there was nothing left! For those of you looking to have a large dinner at Battista's, I believe our total bill was about $1400 all in. That's not bad for 40 people who were somewhat sober when they came and left full and tipsy! We let everyone order whatever they wanted off the menu, so it wasn't like there was a condensed menu to keep the prices down. I highly recommend Battista's Hole in the wall for large and small groups!PS - the accordion player visited us several times and was such a cute man! It's too bad our group didn't know more of the words to That's Amore!
5	Have been here in the past for drinks but this was the first time I have eaten here. I'm so glad we did! So we did not have reservations which was a problem. It was a busy weekend with an aesthetic shoe and EDC. After 50 minutes we finally got a table so in October I'll be more aware of the reservation policy. My friend and I both had the salmon and it was the best I have ever had. The service was very friendly and prompt. And did I mention the wine? It's all you can drink..or a huge craft was put on the table, when it said complimentary wine I thought it was a glass...nope a big craft! Now maybe that's why the salmon was so good but I think not..just a really good meal tucked away from the circus.
5	My friends and I got lost on a Thursday night and literally stumbled into this "hole in the wall" at 10pm (they close at 10:30) but everyone from the hostess to waiter was so accommodating, letting us know we weren't rushed. Even though I'm not a big wine person, I still thought I got my moneys worth from the experience alone. For $25 you get all you can drink red and white wine, a salad, pasta, garlic bread, and a dessert  cappuccino (amazing by the way). Anywhere else on the strip you can spend that on a burger, and a glass of water.I recommend the fettuccine Alfredo, their sauce is amazing and they even give a bowl of it on the side.I love this place.
4	I love this place. If your looking for a spot that takes you out of vegas and into little Italy Come Here. The walls at littered with Pics from the last 50 Years.  This place has been here forever.  The ambiance is great and relaxing.  There is also a Very Old guy who comes around and plays an accordion on your request and never plays twice in the same area so that others are not annoyed. Super sweet guy.Reservations are best and easily made with the Yelp App.I come here ever 3-4 months with my GF.  Unlimited Wine with your filling meal. I have had most of them and all remind me of my mothers cooking when I grew Up. Just thinking about this place makes me smile.Its about $30-$40 a Meal and its not super fancy that is the only reason I give it 4 stars but its so close to the strip thats understandable.
1	We love Italian food and we were here 8 years and loved the food so we were coming back for seconds. What happened?!? The place was sold to Ceasar's.  Food was bland and dry. The free wine was obviously cheap. 5 dinners cost $155 with no extras. The help was nice but a little unpolished. The old guy playing accordion will wait after he's done playing at your table until you feel uncomfortable so you give him a tip. We noticed we were the only people in there at 6pm. I wonder why. I do not recommend.
5	The boyfriend and I vacationed in Vegas and this place was a must, since it was a usual spot he and his family would dine at while visiting. I couldn't have been more impressed with this place. It took me less than a minute to make reservations online, which came handy later because of their long wait for others once we got there. The atmosphere is great, with a really cool and cute interior. The food here is absolutely delicious, from their salads and garlic bread (best ever), to their entrees, and to their wine and homemade cappuccinos! I will definitely be coming here again.
5	This place is amazing. The atmosphere is fun. The place is packed with tables, old photographs of stars and mobsters and decor. The meals come with complimentary all you can drink house red or white wine, which makes the prices very affordable if you're a wine drinker. At the end of the meal, they serve complimentary espresso, which is to die for! On top of it all, there is this adorable little old Italian man that walks around and serenades for tips, of course. This place has been around for years for a reason! It's a must on the Vegas list.
5	yummy...good portions lovely atmosphere!
4	I go here about once a year, and it's great that this place is centrally located on the strip.  It's just a pain in the ass to find parking, but this place never disapoints.  It's a bit pricey, but you get complimentary house wines (white and red), your meal, and after dinner capuccino is included.  Their capuccino is amazing if you like your coffees sweet and filled with cream and sugar.  They top off your capuccino with some whip cream.  You'll see a few accordian players while you there.  Great atmosphere and a great place to take a big group. Tip: If you can't find parking on their private lot, there is a bunch of parking spaces at Linq's open lot.
5	I was worried when my party was first seated at Battista's. I was recommended to the place by a co-worker and brought my girlfriend and her parents for dinner after seeing a show. The decor is nice, and clearly vintage. There are dozens of pictures of celebrities on the walls. We were seated in a back room near he kitchen, and quickly started thinking we were forgotten. It took a good 10 or 12 minutes before a waiter approached our table again. I was worried the service would be terrible and we would be there for hours.I was proven very wrong. As soon as a waiter came to our table we had our bread in seconds, salads and soup maybe 2 minutes later, main course within 10 minutes, and coffee as soon as dinner was done.The service was so fast I was stunned. Now the food:I ordered the Chicken Parm, which came with free unlimited house wine (red and white, both quite good), soup or salad (I got the salad, kind of a cross between a regular Italian salad and antipasto; it had lettuce and dressing and olives and also salami and pepperoncini), a pasta side, garlic bread, and cappuccino.Everything was delicious, and the price was very cheap for being so close to the Strip. I will not go to Vegas again without a stop at Battista's.
4	Just a hop, skip, and a drunken amble off the Strip, Battista's was an unexpected delight. From the outside, it looks like a sleazy bar, maybe an extension of the liquor store next door. The inside looks like a low-rent version of Buca di Beppo, walls cluttered with photos and inscrutable memorabilia. I was worried that the food would taste like Buca, but my fears were assuaged. They start you off with the "free" wine and tiny glasses; my large party had carafes of white and red. The white was perfectly pleasant "chablis," and though I didn't sample the "burgundy," my companions pronounced it to be nearly palatable.Then the garlic bread appeared. Like an idiot, I gorged myself on it. It was quintessential - fluffy but chewy, loaded with salty garlic-ness. The minestrone soup (also included) tasted fine, though the base was a bit gummy. Most of my tablemates opted for the salad - I just do not understand.By the time my lasagna arrived, big as a brick and covered in molten cheese, I was so full I could only take two bites. But man, was it good! The food is very straightforward, American-style Italian, cooked to generally pleasing textures. Very appetizing stuff. So good that I took several more bites of lasagna than I should have. To cap the night, they offer you this little mug of cappuccino topped with whipped cream. Honestly, it tasted like hot cocoa, which is fine by me!The prices were outrageous, of course, this being just off the Las Vegas Strip. At $25, my lasagna was one of the cheaper entrees on the board. But considering the extras, the large portion sizes, and the appealing renditions of American-Italian classics, I'd say it's worth a shot.
2	If you want old school vegas, Battistas will deliver the mobster feel.  However, the recommendation stops there.  Bloated prices and quite frankly mediocre food have reduced what was once a must see for visitors to a place to avoid.  Even the portions are shrinking.  We started with the garlic bread which was stale and had almost no garlic flavor.  The salad was what i call a lazy salad.  It was essentially lettuce and some fillers and instead of shredding or chopping the cheese and unidentifiable salami like substance, they simply put a block of cheese on the salad and one round piece of salami.  Clearly a chef who takes no pride in what leaves the kitchen.  The kids got a small bowl of ravioli for 13.95 which was boring.  The adult menu starts at 24.95 with a high price over $30.00. I tried the chicken parm.  It was ok but the chicken was not moist and the sauce watery.  The side of ziti was  flavorless.  The spaghetti and meatballs were ok but the meatballs were overly dense.  All in all a disappointing meal.  I used to recommend this place to out of town guests but no longer.  It also appears that they raised their prices when the High Roller arrived which makes this place no longer an affordable value.
3	At first bar like entrance...If your looking for Italian food, you found it! Right to the point (hence the writing is on the wall), food is cookie cutter right to order, no personalization of anything in there, have all the house white and red wine you want....It actually makes the food taste better...Choose #'s 1-18 and the last 6 are $32 and higher...You sit right on top of others next too you, however, there conversations are very interesting...
4	Went there on a recommendation.  Was told it was the best chicken parm ever. Booked reservations through Open Table although Sunday night at 7:00 was not very crowded.We were able to walk there from the Flamingo. One block up past the pool.  At first glance you would probably just drive by as it doesn't look appealing. Inside the place is very old school lots of celeb pics on the wall.  When we were seated at our table 2 carafes of wine were included (1 red, 1 white) all you can drink house. The menu seems a little pricey $28 for chick parm but with wine,salad,garlic bread and a cappuccino following your meal its not that bad.The salad was dressed with a House Italian dressing which was tasty and also came with a few pieces of salami and a nice hunk of cheese.Garlic Bread was very good.  Plenty of garlic and butter and seemed to be very fresh.The Chicken parm was tender and juicy and thick.Now the sauce - It was a little sweet and bland which is why only 4 stars.  We had them bring a little garlic powder to the table to give it a little more flavor.The cappuccino was a nice touch for after the meal. Topped high with whipped cream.We would go back again although I would probably order the Alfredo sauce.
3	Food was ok nothing spectacular.  could use more flavor or seasoning.  Service was good, like the concept of free wine with dinner really cool and I'm not even a wine drinker.  Don't like the menu being on the walls tacky yet fun.  Thought prices could be a little lower but factor in the free wine its cool. $25-$35 per person however this is not upscale dinning
5	Honestly, the food itself is a 3/5. But the service, atmosphere, and wine/garlic bread/ cappuccino that is included with each dinner is what will keep me coming back. This was, hands down, the best service I experienced while staying in Vegas over Labor Day weekend (2014). This includes a premier steak house and night club we visited. Overall, best service and best value.
5	Ahh good old Battista's off the strip!  This place is just a Las Vegas legend and will take you back to the Rat Pack days of Old School Las Vegas.  I have been coming here once a year or more for almost 20 years and it never changes.  Ever.  This is a good thing.  Prices really aren't that bad for what you get especially when you look at many other choices in Vegas.I just have to laugh and shake my head when I see bad reviews of this fun little place.  Oh boo hoo the wine isn't top shelf, the waiter took too long, the prices are too high.  Seriously?  Take the stick out of your ass, try to smile and enjoy this gem of a restaurant for what it is.  It is a legendary, fun, kitschy, classic old Italian restaurant that isn't trying to be something it's not.Relax, and take some time to look at all the decor and pictures on the walls.  Everyone from Elvis to Ol' Blue eyes to Liberace and everyone in between has eaten here.  That's just cool old school.  Soak in the ambiance and the low lighting,  Get tipsy with the free wine.  Yes, the 2 full carafe's of both red and white wine and the bread is FREE.The dinner is standard Italian fare and is always delicious if not predictable.  The bread is always fresh and the bring you a nice cappuccino to complete your meal.  The very best part of eating at Battista's however is Gordy.  This 90+ years young gentleman is the salt of the earth.  He will play you a song on his accordion that will make you smile every time, guaranteed.   Wearing a baseball cap?  He will play take me out to the ballgame.  Feeling romantic, he will play That's Amore.  Wonderful man and a treasure in Las Vegas.
5	We had a great time and the food was great too.  The portions were huge!  Very yummy and the service was great.  Very fast.  The only downside was that I forgot to use my coupon.  :-(  Next time!
1	Overpriced ... Rude service... Bad food... Cappuccino? I know it was international coffee from a tin
1	This is an Italian restaurant for tourists on a budget. Simply awful!  Gloppy sauce, limited menu, and the rubbery meatballs tasted like horse meat. Cluttered, dusty decor.Skip this!
4	Loved the atmosphere... Off from the strip which was a nice change of pace. We don't drink wine so felt the wine that was included in your meal was a waste, but had a great experience! The service was also great!
4	I read several reviews before coming here. I was a little apprehensive due to some of the negative comments but one of the girls I was traveling with kept raving about the place and wanted to stop by. I have to preface this with the fact that I wasn't expecting much since my expectations were so low it wasn't hard to exceed them. I thought the food was great! I had the fettucino alfredo and it was decent, flavorful and fresh. Was it the best alfredo? No. Was it good, yes. This place is more about the ambiance and history. It's an all inclusive price for each meal (ranging from $22 - $40). My dish included all you can drink red and white wine. The red wine was "meh" but it was free so no complaints here. Not a fan of white wine so I didn't really enjoy it. The salad was surprisingly simple and tasty. The garlic bread was fresh and tasted great. The after dinner cappuccino wasn't very good, super sweet and luke warm. All in all, I would recommend this place especially if you're with a group of people. If you want an amazing, fancy dinner this isn't your place. If you want to experience a local eatery with a lot of charm and decent food, then this is your place. Keep in mind that the dinner is somewhat pricey but you get a ton of food! As they promised - it's a "hole in the wall" and they delivered.
5	Great food, white and red wine included with your dinner. Authentic Italian food. Prices are veru good amout of food is healthy. We are going  back tonight.
1	Folks, this was the worse italian food I've even eaten. Maybe it was a bad day. I really don't know. It was sooooo dark inside, we could hardly read the menu. All in all, it won't happen again for us. And I love Italian food!
5	We loved it here. The meatballs were so good. The garlic bread was delish and the cappuccino was to die for.
3	Unlimited wine! Red and white wine are place on the table as soon as you are seated they are complementary, the pastas are simple not the best but still good. Would visit again it's a cute little place and the service was great.
3	Not for vegans or anyone with basic dietary restrictions. All salads pre-plated, and are topped with meat and cheese. Not great food, but my kids were happy and my husband was filled up by his enormous lasagna. I couldn't see ordering a $20 plate of plain spaghetti, so I paid the $15 cover charge and ate off my kids' huge spaghetti plates. My charge included the salad and garlic bread & the capuccino. I was able to request a black coffee instead. The kids ice cream was not tasty. We didn't drink the wine. Decor is super fun and wacky. So old-school. Super crowded.
5	We dine here at least once on EVERY trip to Vegas. Food is awesome the atmosphere is great. You can sit there and just soak up "old Vegas" and let your mind wander thinking of how much "business" was handled "back in the day'
1	RIDICULOUSLY EXPENSIVE. huge portions but you cannot split them without being charged the price of a meal.
4	Battistas Hole in the Wall is worth at least one visit due to history alone. Atmosphere is cozy. Food is above average and prices are decent. Not a homerun choice but also not a strikeout. Location is good for strip visitors
4	For what I was expecting, this place was pretty good. Went for a friends birthday. Reminds me of Boca di Beppo with the decor. It's cool that wine is complimentary all you can drink and since it is so, don't expect the finest wine. Food is pretty average but the cappuccino at end gave the meal a nice little touch. It's a great place to go with friends. I would go again but not because of the food.
3	I wanted to stay away from the celebrity chef scene for a Monday night meal and after talking to some locals we were directed to Battista's  Let's  be clear here. If you are looking for high end Italian, skip Battista's. But  if you would like an real old time Vegas experience at a reasonable (for the strip) price then give it a go. Positives...ambiance......  place is filled with an enormous amount of Vegas / celebrity memorabilia. Just sitting and looking around was an entertainment event all by itself. Service was excellent and the house wine (FREE!!)  ((Yes I said FREE!!!)) is surprisingly decent. You get garlic bread (OK) and a choice of soup (minestrone) or salad, We had the soup and it was good.Negatives......  Entrees were...pedantic.  I had the veal piccante and my wife had fettuccine with chicken. My veal was a little tough and the portion was small. My wife's chicken was certainly "cooked" and very dead...No juice was saved in the killing of this fowl. :-)  Still full meal on the strip for two with unlimited wine for less that $75 including tip has value. The ambiance is really worth the trip as well. I guess my recommendation is if the old Vegas experience is on your bucket list   Then please enjoy. If you are looking fro excellent Italian food...ehh maybe move on
4	This place is my too die for! I love, I LOVE the cappuccino and the Caesar salad. That was all I needed!!! I did not even eat my meal! I ate salad and asked for my cappuccino before my meal! I ended up eating most of the salad at the table and drinking my boyfriend's cappuccino! OH, if I could get that cappuccino by the jug, I wish, I WISH I could!!! I did not care for my pasta meal, but my salad and cappuccino.. the best thing I've ever had! ssshhh, don't tell my boyfriend! LOL
5	Best Italian in Vegas... The garlic bread is to die for. You are full when u leave. Unlimited house wine and choice of soup or salad! Great ending with perfect cappuccino
2	Hole in the wall is right. I've lived in LV for 4 years and finally decided to try this joint. At first I was impressed.... Great decor, dim lighting atmosphere, Dino Spimoni playing, an accordion man, good eye candy staff. Then we saw the forced menu (red house wine was great by the way!!!!!) im a fairly picky eater but managed the chicken vegetable soup (minus big vegetable chunks, mostly sipped the broth). Only got 1 thing of garlic bread, Homie asked if we wanted more but never brought it. Uuhhh what a tease I wanted more garlic bread. I ended up ordering the Ziti with 2(haha 2 balls) 2 meat balls. These meatballs looked like they were seared for a mere 30 seconds, my friends was basically just raw meat rolled in a ball. I took one bite and didn't wanna risk food borne illness (plus I fear vomiting more than anything in this world). The price was high. The Cappuccino was 99% hot chocolate 0.5 cappuccino, and 0.5 hot gas. I'm so frill never again will I endure the pain, suffering and agony of Battistas. My friend and I came to the conclusion ex WWE superstar Batista is the owner and if you bad mouth it he'll come out and give you a Batista Bomb!!!
5	Best kept secret in Vegas dining right here. We happened upon the amazing restaurant walking down from the Linq. We enjoyed the food immensely, hot and authentic. The atmosphere was romantic and unique. My boyfriend and I were blown away by what was hiding behind this "hole in the wall" door. Everyone must try this!
1	This is NOT the old Battista's!!!   It is now owned by Cesar's.  I always looked forward to eating there when the NFR was in town.  Now it is overpriced pasta.  I could not get a pizza or any of the old good stuff.  :(     Vastly disappointed.    With out the "shoved down your throat menu",  the place still has kept it's ambience, memorabilia and the elder accordion player.  Please change back to the old menu (even a trimmed down one, put back the pizza and appetizers) and you will be the old, familiar, cozy, eclectic and special "hole in the wall" place people will come back to.
5	Nice and dark, old school, with the smell of garlic bread, and a mishmash kitschy decor of a Chotchkie's apron with flair, the place is oddly perfect for a romantic date night, a family dinner that pleases everyone, or a raucous party (the endless wine helps). The portions are huge and yummy.  My lasagna was so cheesy it was like queso fundino with sauce.  My wife's cannelloni was a bucket of fresh ricotta wrapped in a pasta blanket.  My sister's sausage (wasn't that a CBS show?) was yum.  We ate for a long time and it looked like we never started.  Make sure your room has a fridge.  And we ended up with uneaten garlic bread.  Who doesn't finish off a basket of garlic bread?  I mean, besides the Lost Boys. Oh, and personally I'm glad the endless wine isn't super awesome wine. I don't like wine, but this stuff was slightly watery and slightly flat so I was able to throw it down.Hey, here comes Gordy, the accordion player!  He's like a mariachi band only it's one guy, I understand the words, and I don't shrink in my seat when he comes by.  Keep a fiver in your pocket to give him - the guy will need a second hip soon.The service is great, too.  I didn't like much my minestrone soup.  It had, like, every vegetable in it.  I could point out so many it was like a Richard Scarry book.  So I asked if I could get the salad (mmm with a slice of salami) instead.  "No problem!"   Can we get more garlic bread?  "Sure, please make room for a shoebox size basket of garlic bread".  Hey, since this wine is endless, can I leave my car here?  "Please do.  Would you like us to fill it with garlic bread?"Oooh, and that hot chocolatey cappuccino at the end w/ whipped cream!Nothing's better on a stomach full of 2 pounds of cheese and a gallon of wine than some hot liquid chocolate coffee.Keep your leftovers so you have something to eat while you're in the bathroom :)
5	I love this place and eat here every time I come to Vegas.  The Chicken Parmesan is so good.   The first time I ate here, we had to wait an hour to get a table.  Now I make a reservation through Yelp and I don't have to wait.  The food is very good and there is a lot of it!  .  And Gordy the accordion player!  He is a gem, so fun to hear him him play and people singing along.
2	In anywhere but Las Vegas it would get 1 star, however given Las Vegas is so ridiculously overpriced and overrated (nope, NOT a fan, won't be going back ugh) this place gets an extra star simply as it was less ridiculous than most of its neighbours. And as the service was great.Aside from that the menu was annoying (set menus only so you're forced to buy all sorts of stuff you may not want). The food was pretty awful, except the steak was really good for the price. The garlic bread was weird and lukewarm, we had no idea what the lump of fried carb stuff even was on the plate, and the wine was basically undrinkable. Seriously could they just give you one glass of drinkable wine rather than a carafe of awful wine cordial?! Ick.The staff were nice.
1	What a waste of $60. Seriously, I rarely pay that much for a meal out per person and this was spent on the blandest most subpar Italian experience of my life.Let me break it down list style.1. Menu is limited. Think In-N-Style. You select an item and it comes with: unlimited red/white wine, soup or salad, garlic bread, and a dessert cappuccino (aka a hot chocolate). $24.95 - $49.95 per person, based on meal option.2. Since a friend and I arrived an hour early, we waited at the bar, I ordered a diet coke and she a beer, and two apps: fried mozzarella & fried zucchini. Total: $34 The fried cheese and zucchini weren't anything special and we're $9.95 a piece and we're just average.3. Once our full party arrived, I learned I couldn't transfer my diet coke to the table, which was annoying. Our orders placed, soup, salad, garlic bread, and wine came to the table quickly.4. Since it was late (9:45 PM & they close at 10:30 PM), our table was seated in the only room with other patrons. It was packed and loud and we all felt squishy.5. My friend and her sister split the Veal Marsala ($31.95). It cost them an extra $13 for splitting a plate (because you get those included extras) The veal was overcooked and rubbery. I ordered the Steak Pizzaiola, which is basically a large piece of meat with marinara served with a side of garlic cream spinach. The steak was the blandest, least flavorful slab of meat, ever. The tomato sauce (calling it marinara would be a grave misjustice  to Italians everywhere) was also lackluster. Price point for this disaster $28.95. These two entrees came with a side of ziti and more of that tomato sauce.6. Lastly, the check came and so did the post meal cappuccino which tasted like a hot chocolate. This stuff was delicious. Rich, chocolatey and creamy. Nothing reminiscent of a cappuccino, not a hint of frothy milk.The service was weak, the food was tasteless, and prices were gauged. Don't eat here. You'll be full, but you'll feel like you were just ripped off. Butt-istas Hole in the Wall is what it shall be named henceforth.
