2	Located in a little strip mall in Avondale in the Fry's parking lot this is the only Chinese food place that could be considered a mom and pop.  But its not.  First of all this place is over priced.  Its about 9.75-8.75 for a dinner combo and you don't get soup with the meal that was my first complaint.  The second was they skimp out on the meat in the dish and load you up with plain fried rice (its just soy sauce rice basically) and plain soba noodles.  The crab puffs were good the egg roll was OK.  I had the garlic chicken which was nothing special.  It had that fake brown sauce which had no hint of garlic.  I cant believe that these places don't chop fresh garlic into their meals.Overall I would say avoid this one.  The food is about average and the service is too.  One other thing I asked for hot mustard and yes they brought me out packets like you would find at a fast food place.  Also my grandma asked for lemon for their water and they brought out a lemon packet for that too.  They said they had no fresh lemons :( that pretty much sums it up.
2	It was ok, we will mostly likely not go again. We placed an order for take out. Pork Foo Young and Sesame Chicken. The egg in the foo young was very dry and the sauce was kinda of tasteless. The Sesame Chicken was the usual fried chicken in honey sauce, it was ok. The rice was moist and hot.
4	Delicious food from a local place. The staff are friendly and the portions are huge. Highly recommend if you have a hankering for chinese food at a good price.
4	Good and fast... foodSome coworkers and I rely on this place as a regular standby for Chinese food.  Portions are reasonably large and the dishes are flavorful. All things being relative in the West Valley, this place is top-five for Chinese restaurants.Not a haute eatery by any means. More like a side diner you would find in a large city. The ladies who run the place and nice and quick. The Mongolian Beef is my and a coworker's go-to dish.  Lunch Special with a soda will run you about $11 with tip.
4	Always our old standby for a quick delicious meal.Wife loves the hot and sour soup
3	scam of a place menu has one price but they ring you up just a little more not so much you will notice.Then when you get home you look at your recite and realize you have been overcharged but not to the point that it is worth going back up there for.
1	My husband and I went in for lunch. I guess it should of been a red flag that the place was empty I mean there's a lot of businesses around. Your better off going to Panda Express on Avondale Blvd and Van Buren.
4	The food here is pretty good. I ordered the Mongolian beef and it was delicious. It came in a pretty large serving, at least the "meal"version did. Only bad thing is that  It's located next to a smoke shop, not the best place to bring a family. I recommend ordering take out if you eat here.
3	I love it! I ate here 6 years ago, and it was terrible. I just ordered yesterday to give it anothermshot, and they won me! the noodles were yummu, as well as the beef and broccoli. the shrimp fried rice was mediocre. Not enough shrimp. New Asain Star is the place to go for shrimp fried rice, or any fried rice.
2	I've been here quite a bit in the last 6 months. The first time I ordered the house dinner, which comes at around 30 bucks if you don't order any specialty items (3 entries, fried rice and lo mein), was actually great. The only thing that bothered me was the fried rice, which was slightly over-fried but still delicious. The last couple of times, however, have been a complete disappointment. 2 months ago I ordered kung pao beef without peanuts and they seem to have added extra peanuts instead. Yesterday I ordered pork fried rice as part of a house dinner and it came with a few chunks of uncooked pork. Both times I had to throw the food away, since I couldn't be bothered to drive back and make them cook it again. I did, however, call them yesterday to make sure they knew about the uncooked pork. The girl who answered was quite nice and logically asked if I was sure it was uncooked, as the pork is marinated in a red sauce that makes it look pink once cooked. Of course, I've ordered pork fried rice enough to know when I'm eating raw pork. At first I thought they were chunks of tomato, which was weird but I took a bite anyway. As soon as i bit into it I realized I was eating raw pork. I spit it out and told my friends to stop eating the rice at this point. We went through it and discovered at least 5 big chunks of uncooked pork. Thankfully nobody had started eating the rice, so we just threw that away and ordered pizza. I'm hoping I don't get sick!Edit: I'm giving this 2 stars instead of 1, as the first few times were 4 star quality. Getting raw pork in your food is a BIG FAT NO, though.
4	I wasn't disappointed at all. The only complaint I had was the fried rice. I just wasn't a fan, but the place was not crowded, the service was great and very friendly.
5	Tried this place for the first time today! I loved it I got the Mongolian beef lunch special. They are not stingy with the portions I enough for lunch tomorrow. The meT was juicy, tender, and the perfect amount of spicy. Did mention it was only $6 plus tax? You get a lot of food for not a lot of money. Another positive was that the service was fast and friendly! Most def coming back!
