5	These guys are the best! I have used there drop off service and in house laundry for years and have never been disappointed. Very friendly owner and staff as well. I should have written this review a year ago but it really sparked when they included $80 that I had left in one of my pockets on this last trip. Love these guys!!
3	The first and last time I went, this place was crowded. It seemed a little out of date to me, and the people that were here didn't speak English and let their children run around barefoot while screaming. (Not trying to be racist at all, that kind of behavior is just annoying) Needless to say, I'm sure I can find a better place to do laundry until my landlord fixes my dryer.
4	Vera's was great!  Fast, reliable, and everything was well done.  They even found money in my pocket and put it in a little bag for me.  I had no idea I had even left money in my pocket.  Very nice people.
4	Note: I did not use any of the machines; my review is based on the was, fluff, and fold service.My washer and dryer went on strike. It was one of those weekends I had too much stuff to do, and worrying about my laundry was the last thing I wanted to add onto my list. I called Vera's and the woman I spoke to was very helpful. I decided to take a leap of faith and hauled my dirty laundry up to the shop (including the still-wet denim I pulled out of the washer when it stopped, mid cycle). She explained she would weigh everything after she dried it because my jeans would have cost so much more while wet, for which I was thankful! My laundry was finished before the time estimated, and everything was neatly folded or hung up and bagged for me to pick up. The facility, itself, was very clean - notably clean. I didn't use any of the machines, myself, but if I had to, this would be a place I'd consider it; but with how affordable the wash service was, I don't know if I'd go any other way. Now that my washer and dryer are fully functioning, I'm trying - really hard - to stay motivated to do my own wash instead of outsourcing all laundry to Vera's!!
5	The machines work, they have a TV, the staff are very helpful and polite. The decor well it 's a laundry Matt   Outdated butt clean.
2	Not the best place I've gone. Doing our laundry and there was no place to sit. We sat on the floor which was covered in nasty hair. I wouldn't go back unless you are planning on standing the whole time.
4	I have a king-sized comforter that won't fit in my washer at home and I always bring it here. The place is clean and the attendant here is always nice. You can also drop off laundry and have them wash it for you!
1	1st time here and NOT IMPRESSED AT ALL. Attendant very nice. machines are filthy!!!! one smelled like puke, had to use another machine. drawer where you put detergent in was filthy and slimey. machines are probably NEVER cleaned. will not have my business
