5	the place for old vegas & cheap gamblingi heart the 25 cent roulette & $2 crapsthe cocktail waitresses are unattractive & oldthe clientele has long seen better daysbut i kind of feel like this is real vegas
5	let the tourists have their fancy strip, i am stickin' with the 'Tez!
4	Downtown vegas is a nasty place as you will learn on your little walk to this hotel.  The casino has some great craps tables, which let you put 10x on odds, and the dealers are very cool even at the wee hours of the AM.  My buddy Tommy and I were the only ones at the table to start, but after a good run a few started to join.  I was shooting pretty hot at about 4 AM and one of the casino security guards started betting consistently against me.  He was actually putting down money on the don't pass line, which is more than a little obnoxious.   The increasingly unlucky security guard just kept getting more and more surly as he complained about losing his whole days wage, and how no one speaks english.  After hitting 6s and 8s about 6 times in a row my shoot ended ( on my largest bet).  When I cashed out the disgruntled  security was complaining to the cashier about immigrants again, so we decided it was time to head across the street to our room.  As I understand it, the 'tez has a very diversity friendly hiring policy so this guy was probably tough to fire old guard,and one of those people they make those gambling problem posters for.I've stayed in some janky rooms, but this one was a classic.  First off the building looks like a halfway house, you need your key to enter and there's an odd sign-in/security booth at the front.  When we finally got to our $50/night ground floor room we were greeted by the site of the two twin beds, which were way too short for the 6'3" Tommy , a large window looking on to the bums in the street, and that ashy acrid smell you can only really find in a hotel that offers competitive rates for both hourly and monthly customers.  That said it was a great cheap place to crash before making our way out to the strip the next day for nicer digs.  The wakeup call was timely, and checkout was a snap.  I will definitely stay here again because they're doing a complete remodel on the sketchy rooms to revitalize the area.  That, and I just have better luck out there.
4	Oh, El Cortez, I love you!  First of all, my parents met when they both worked here (I think?  Something like that...) so I might have the place to thank for my very existence.  That aside....It's kinda gross.  It's old, it hasn't been renovated in a long time, and it shows.  It's hard to get around.  The parking garage is messed up beyond belief (but it's a great place to park downtown for free and avoid the big red thing...shh, it's a secret).  I wouldn't stay here unless I was fueled by a bottle of whisky or some very, very dire circumstances and I wouldn't eat here if you paid me to.All of which make the El Cortez AWESOME.This is real downtown.  This is the downtown I know and love.  It's gritty and it's dirty and it's unapologetic, which is exactly what an unabashedly sinful den of gambling, booze and free silk jackets (thanks, Jackie!) should be.  Playing the $5 blackjack tables here on a Friday night/Saturday morning is utterly delightful, and I've never won a single dime doing it.  There is a door facing Fremont that is half the width of regular doors.  There seems to be no rhyme or reason for the existence of this tiny door, but there it is, bein' tiny.The whole place is just absolutely surreal.  If you're into that, just walk in and give the ol' El a twirl.
4	This joint is legit, people. Real coins coming out of the slot machines, real old waitresses, and real dingy lighting. I felt like I had stepped into a time warp. This is the essence of Vegas!
4	What a dive! But the coolest thing was that the slots still used REAL quarters. Most hotels have shifted to that fake 'ding ding' sound but at the EL, it's the real thing dropping into the tray. Now that was cool. I played some slots here and found that the machines allow you to win a lot more than at the other hotels. It was a lot of fun even if it wasn't a big win. I love hearing the 'ding ding ding' of the real quarters dropping. None of that fake sound which spits out a redemption ticket for you to collect your money!The clientele are old, but I guess that's the charm. LOL.
5	Known as the ElCo to locals, and affectionately as "The El" in my house ("El The" in Spanish?) the casino is the oldest in Vegas to have operated in the same location and building, having done so since 1941.As noted elsewhere, the casino patrons are mostly of the elderly variety and it gets a little interesting (though always safe) in the late late hours.  The single deck blackjack tables have the best pay out of any game in the City at 99.82% if you play perfect basic strategy (goto bjnfo.com) though unfortunately, the limits have gone up a little recently and it now costs you $5 to join in for single deck and $3 for the slightly inferior odds-wise double deck game.  Craps has also risen to a $3 minimum bet.  When gambling remember to behave though, as you are in Jackie Gaughan's basement (yeah, he lives in the penthouse).  This is the last downtown hotel casino he still owns having sold The Palace, Las Vegas Club, Gold Spike and The Western in 2004. Those afraid of staying here are missing out on what really makes the El Cortez great. The 15 storey tower rooms have all been remodelled quite nicely over the last three years (comparable to your standard strip room) and are usually the cheapest in Vegas.  Avoid the rooms above the Casino however, as they're cheaper for a reason.  Dollar for dollar a tower room at the El Cortez is easily the best deal in Vegas.
4	Most of the readers would not like this hotel.  To be honest, I can't think of many of my friends who would stay here.  None of my current ex-girlfriends would be caught dead here.  This is also a poor choice if you want to spend time on the strip.  However, if you intend to spend a lot of time downtown, the El Cortez is one of your better options.The tower rooms have been remodeled and are very nice - as good or better than anything else downtown and as good as many of the mid-range strip hotels.  The bathroom is a bit small.  I don't spend much time in my room, just sayin'.The last block from Las Vegas Blvd to the El Cortez is a little sketchy late at night, but it's unlikely you'd have any problems, and there is a security guard in front of the Cortez 24/7 looking towards Las Vegas Blvd.Most of the patrons are old and crusty.  The bartenders and cocktail waitresses have been around the block a few times, and most of them are very nice.As I've gotten older, I've become more of a downtown Vegas guy:--- The casinos are closer together--- There's not a mass of humanity on the streets and sidewalks, like on the strip.--- If you don't feel like gambling, you can just grab a drink for $3 or $4 and bullshit with some old bartender--- Crazy people are more likely to hang out downtown and crazy people usually have good stories to tell--- The seediness doesn't really bother me anymoreIf you're trying to impress your traveling companion, don't stay here.
4	day 14 - i woke up in idaho and ended up in vegas!i was hungry. i met up with my friend tony and in a few was gonna meet up susan r from vegas yelp to see a show! but first food. so we came here and had their 8.99 chinese buffet. and it was like an expanded panda express my friend said. and i loved it! it was great for the price and the stuff they had. like rice and chow mein and watermelon!the actual hotel and casino though is ghetto.
3	http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cTMEpwReTgchttp://www.elcortezcabanasuites.com/* El Cortez is the not just old Vegas, it is ORIGINAL Vegas. It's the oldest purpose built casino in Vegas. It was built when the population of the town was less than 10,000 people. The original sign is still on the building. Bugsy Siegal bought the place briefly, flipped it for a profit, and began work on the Flamingo before he was murdered. The owner, Jackie Gaughan is now 87 years old and he arrived in Vegas in 1951. He still lives in the casino, and he plays poker almost daily. You'll recognize him since he is the only one in a suit and tie, and  the only person in the casino who did an $82 million dollar real estate deal in the last five years.   There is a new well lit walkway to get the one block from the Porte Cochere to Las Vegas Blvd. It is front of the new "Skyline Towers" condominium project. There is a lot of security patrolling the sidewalks outside of the casino to protect you from the drunks and bums that live in the area.   The food is cheap, the comps are generous, the rooms are large and inexpensive. Some of the lowest house edges in the city for table games. All the dealers are fresh out of school, so they make a lot of mistakes like showing their hole card. Craps permits a 10X odds bet. Slots are the loosest in the city.   The Cabana Suites opened where the old Ogden House used to stand. These 64 suits are some of the nicest in  downtown.    Jackie Gaughan gets a lot of recognition for hiring a diverse workforce. You can expect your dealer to come from Ethiopia, China, Philippines, Thailand, or the San Fernando Valley. An Omaha native, Jackie provided the capstone gift for the new "Jackie D. Gaughan Multicultural Center" in the University of Nebraska Lincoln.  In the last two years they have put money into the place to make it a good budget casino & hotel with favorable odds.   Young people are almost non-existent at the El Cortez, but on weekends there is a trendy young crowd at the "Beauty Bar" about a block away.DINING==============(1)   The chinese buffet is closed. (2)   "The Flame" steakhouse in the Casino has excellent food but it's pretty plain venue. Main dishes are $16-$47; appetizers $9-$10.  Formerly called Roberta's.(3)  "Cafe Cortez" is a the newly renovated coffee shop. Formerly called Kitty's Cafe.
5	Here's why the El Cortez is the coolest dive in Vegas:- The real coins in the slots are kind of fun.  Clink clink clink!- Blackjack here pays 3 to 2 instead of 6 to 5.  Most of the big strip casinos have switched to 6 to 5, to maximize their corporate profits.  Not here.- Not as crowded as the big strip casinos so you will never wait in a one hour line to check in or out, or for anything else.  - Easy access to the other downtown casinos, so you can stay here and gamble at the more luxurious Golden Nugget quite easily.- Lots of oldtimers with more interesting stories than the twenty something boneheads on the strip who think it's SO COOL to drop $300 on their very own VIP table at a jerkoff nightclub where they can sit and whine about how long it takes to get an overpriced cocktail.- If it's your thing, there's plenty of working girls on nights Thursday through the weekend.  Very easy to spot.  Find a slot machine in a corner with a view of the main room and just keep your eyes open for 20 minutes.  But for god sakes man use a condom even for just a BJ.- Probly worth a visit just for the ancient sign which is the same one Bugsy Siegel had installed when he owned the place in the 40s.  A different Vegas then.  Your view of all the other casinos will be altered by a visit here.  Oh, and try to go at night, it's much better then.
4	I didn't stay here, but certainly gambled here. Forget those tickets from the slot machines on the strip, grab an old school plastic bucket for your coins at El Cortez. I was way too intimidated by the douches on the strip to try any table games, so I felt like I was missing out on some of the fun on my first trip to Las Vegas. My BF suggested we play some dollar roulette at El Cortez...I'll tell ya, playing $20 worth with 25 cent chips makes anyone feel like a high roller...I just love the big pile o' chips in front of me! And the guy next to me started with $10 and when we walked away he had three $25 chips in his pocket and was still playing. I sat next to a Texan couple and an Australian couple, as well, both of whom asked me what my birthday was and proceeded to play the month, day, and each number of the year. Sweet. I had the best time at any casino in Vegas at El Cortez.
4	Everyone else's reviews of the casino are on the money.  Cheaper gaming ($3 blackjack on a Sunday night!), looser video poker payout, heavy with locals and oldsters sporting the Rolled Out of Bed line.  You gotta bring your own exuberance, and take off that collared shirt, fancy boy.  It's a fun, grungy alternative to the Strip's conspicuous consumption flash.  Bonus points for absolutely no one leaving their stools during the fire alarm.  Smoke inhalation is part of Vegas culture.The hotel room was swell - decored like your grandparent's flat-gold-accented rec room time-travelled from the 60s.  It's not shmancy, but it's way better than the low price would suggest:  Clean, roomy (except the bathroom), comfortable, peaceful.  Even if they hadn't been so generous with discounts and comps, I'd still look forward to staying here again.
4	I booked this hotel on Orbitz for a weekend away with my boyfriend. Only one block away from Fremont Street, the El Cortez Hotel and Casino is Old Las Vegas for old Las Vegas. I loved the location and the atmosphere and how the rooms bathrooms had geriatric railings. (Okay, so I find that funny.) For the price you could pay for an hour on the Strip, we were able to stay for three nights Downtown. A very short walk from Fremont Street Experience and all the other Downtown Hotels. I would definitely stay here again.
4	El Cortez is old school Vegas with style.The entire hotel and casino  staff is totally friendly.....they know everyone by name ....I found in talking with people that this is their only choice for a hotel and casino in Vegas ..... over and over people would say -" we have been coming here for the last 15 -20 years" ... "it  is the only place to stay" ... " you can't beat the gaming here"I was amazed that the El Cortez inspired that type of loyalty - and then I got to know the staff of the hotel - they inspire the loyalty. They have a supurb resaurant - Roberta's Steak House.It is a small (seating around 80 or 90) elegant room with two large screen monitors that show silent, but beautiful travelogs of the Italian countryside. They are somehow mesmorizing during dinner.The staff is supurb  ........ just hope you get Linda Hunt as a server - she makes the entire evening worthwhile.Roberta's offers an excellent selection of seafood and steaks along with a great and inexpensive wine list. I enjoyed a super German Reisling for the price of $18.00 ..... when was the last time you got anything better than Boone's Farm for $18.00  They have remodeled their "tower" rooms and I was amazed at how nice and large they are. There is a small section of what are called "vintage" rooms available as well.The hospitality staff provided me a bowl of fruuit in the room - how classic is that ??The El Cortez  has $3.00 blackjack tables, it has a $5.00 Baccarat table and slot machines that dispense coins.I would give the hotel and casino a five star except for the total smokieness of the casino.In a sense - I quess that is also "old School" Vegas.It is the one "old school" element they could improve - otherwise - keep it going just like it is .......You need to give this hotel a try before the corporate giants eliminate it - Savor the flavor of what Vegas once was.
4	I love the El Cortez. This is the place we stay at pretty much every time we come to Vegas. Yes, the clientele accessorize with walkers. And, true it is not for everybody, but I like the dirty, old Vegas. Everybody that works here is super friendly, from the bartenders and front desk people, to the valet guys. The rooms are always clean, and the beds and pillows are really comfortable. I don't mind the no comforter or bedspread thing because the first thing I do when I enter a hotel room is strip those things from the bed anyway. Got my voucher for a free 2 nights stay in December, but don't know if I'll be coming back to use it. I like Vegas, but I don't like it THAT much.
3	We saw the El Cortez sign shining brightly in the night a block or so away from the Fremont Street Experience and couldn't resist walking down to check it out.  Talk about stepping back in time.  The place looks really old, but that's because it is.  It's apparently kind of a historical landmark.The casino and public areas were clean and maintained, but it was a bit smokey.  Quite a few people were playing slots and the table games.  We sat down at a roulette table to play awhile.  Unfortunately, the dealer apparently spoke and understood little English.  It was difficult to get her to understand what we were asking or wanting.  The cocktail waitress came around frequently and kept us from getting too thirsty!  There was some kind of construction or re-modeling going on in the back of the casino....maybe to the coffee shop...I couldn't tell.  You sort of get the feeling that you're in a shady part of town when you're at El Cortez, but there were security guards all around and everything was fine.I like El Cortez and will make a point of paying it another visit next time I'm in Vegas.
2	Cheapest gaming tables downtown.   Weird atmosphere, very smoky, even dirty looking.  I haven't stayed here, nor do I recommend you do.  See http://cheapovegas.com reviews for reasons.  Somewhat dangerous location to get to at night.  Stick to daylight hours.
4	This place is a classic.Really fun gambling without all the plastic BS of the strip.We gambled for HOURS here on just 20-40$ and drank free booze the whole time.I made a few dollars the first time, lost a few the second, and made a few more the third session.I will make it a point to go here every time I am in Vegas.the people--staff and clients--were friendly and the place offered a much better value than any other casino I have visited--like Caesars, the Palms, Borgata in AC, etc.It is a lot easier to relax and have fun with a 1$ minimum roulette bet than a 15-20$ one!If you think this place is shady or unsafe you probably need to stay in the suburbs or something.  It is literally 50 feet from the huge Fremont St experience and there are cops and security everywhere.Also, there is a great bar across the street--The Griffin--and a nice latin restaurant called mamacita's as well.
4	I love coming here because I know the gambling is cheap and the casino isn't crowded. If you're into glitz and glamor go elsewhere ... El Cortez is like the dive bar of casinos. This a great place to learn to gamble too!! I wouldn't get a room here though, no thank you, eww.
1	Sad clientele at this place.  Played a few slots and didn't stay too long, this place is a big dive.  I suppose it's worth it to see it since it's a historic casino but honestly, I wouldn't recommend even checking it out.  It's the sort of place that you probably don't want to be around come sundown.  There's plenty to do at Fremont St. Experience, just stick with there.  The El Cortez is not for the faint of heart!
3	I received an invite to join a friend for the 2009 NASCAR races, so I booked my flight, and made arrangements to head to that desert oasis of downtown Las Vegas. My friend asked if I could provide accommodations, so I contacted a casino host at the Stratosphere who offered 3 free nights, but my friend was insistent that we stay at this classic hotel, so considering that he was providing the NASCAR tickets & good camaraderie, I agreed.[1] No arguments with other reviewers - the El Cortez Hotel really does offer positives, including: - 3 to 2 payout, single deck Blackjack as low as $3/hand. - A small poker room populated by rejects from the movie "Rounders".[2] - A reasonably priced steakhouse. - Downtown location just outside of the Fremont Street Experience. - Located across the street from my new, favorite Mexican restaurant. Footnotes:[1]  Its proximity to our charter bus pick-up spot was his reasoning. [2]  In the movie, Matt Damon states that if you can't quickly figure out who the chump at the table is, then it's you. Most of this loose knit group of friends were more than willing to take my poker chips, so it's back to on-line poker for me.
4	If your in Vegas and your looking for a awesome trashy whole in the wall casino, Cortez is the place!! personally i adore the smaller off the strip casinos so this place was right up my alley. we would park here and walk Fremont for the little casinos but this was by far the best in old Vegas. very very cheap roulette, one dollar chips and 5 dollar minimum bets. tons of slot machines, and several tables. the only downside was the dealers wernt so friendly and some were actually just pretty rude. we lost time in here as if it were money, but our dollars lasted longer here than on the strip. one of my favs!!
3	cheap rooms, but nice rooms. Decent small casino. Close to Fremont experience. Took forever to check in but our room was better than I expected. I had fun losing money in the casino slot machines which were supposedly highest payouts in Vegas, not! But anyways I really liked that we could walk to Fremont. Ate in the restaurant pretty good food too. I liked that the whole hotel/casino was so old school Vegas. I agree with another reviewer that some of the dealers seemed to be rude. Actually I know at least 3 seemed to speak very little english outside of taking bets at roulette, and blackjack. Anyway, kept me from losing more money so thats ok.
5	one block from fremont street. this casino is not very big but it offers all the luxuries one could ask for. the staff was nice and our room was spotless. comfortable bed and pillow. i became a high roller and since my visit have received comp rooms to return at any time. i did get to me the owner and play cards with him. he was very nice. when i go to vegas i am staying here from now on...
3	Casino only...............Old folks everywhere!!! no offense :)I was a little bored. It was a little empty for being a Saturday night. The girls serving drinks took forever or had a freakin' attitude. It was on the way to the beauty bar so we played a little while waiting for the rest of the entourage.
4	I first learned about the El Cortez Casino in 1999 on a road trip from Cleveland to California.  Long story...So, I am in Arches National Park with my business partner and his 2-year-old son.  It is 112 degrees outside and we are hiking around and enjoying ourselves.  We were traveling in a camper.  After a day in the park, we decided to head out and on the way to our next destination.About 10 miles out of the park, we broke down.  The engine was seized!  No oil...oops.  This was especially bad since we were 2 hours away from the closest town with an auto mechanic, which happened to be Green River, Utah.We called in a tow, which came after a couple of hours and we were off to Green River.  I drove our car behind the tow truck and my friend stayed in the camper with his son on top of the tow truck.  This would have been fine, but I could barely keep up with the speed demon in the 18-wheeler in our purple Dodge Neon rental car.When we finally got to Green River, it was bad news.  The mechanic with one tooth said, "It's gonna take a while."  I swear it reminded me of the mechanics that ripped off Chevy Chase in National Lampoons Vacation.  After an evening of phone calls and begging for favors from friends, we decided to get another tow to a bigger town the next day.Once the camper was in the right place and repairs had begun, we had to find a place to go for 10 days...how about Vegas?!  With a 2-year-old!  In a purple Neon!  Off we went.Has anybody tried staying in a Vegas hotel for 10 days?  With a 2-year-old?  Crap.  That was a challenge.  Try getting a bottle of milk from room service multiple times daily.  What do you think a hotel charges to wash a pair of socks for a 2-year-old?  Anyway, we drained our funds pretty quickly.  Especially since my business partner kept raiding the bank for gambling scratch.Finally, the phone call came from the guy fixing the camper.  It needed a new engine, new tires, new this, new that.  Blah!  The total for repairs was over $6K.  How much did we have left in our travel fund after 10 days in Vegas?  $1K.  Uh oh.  I know my friends wife wasn't going to be cool with us coming home late or without the camper.  What were we going to do?Alas, the El Cortez comes into the picture.  Since we were already screwed, I came up with the bright idea of going to the worst casino in Vegas with the last of our money and 'going for it'.  My business partner, who is good at Blackjack and has a huge set of huevos, said he was in.  We hired a babysitter who flew out from California (no joke) and headed downtown in the neon for a little action. We went straight to the El Cortez and parked in the lot on-site.As we entered, the first thing I noticed was the exteme stench of cigarettes.  This place clearly didn't have a ventilation system.  We sat down at a Blackjack table and started playing.  Within an hour, my buddy was up a few thousand dollars and I was up about $500.  This was a great start, but we were not ready to leave.  As the pit bosses started moving the dealers around, we decided to get up and move with the dealer we liked.  This seemed to get some attention upstairs and we were being closely watched all of the sudden by pit bosses and a random person that came out from the back.  For this reason, I stopped playing and began walking around the place and having a few drinks.When I went back to check on my business partner, he was playing the table max bet and on a roll.  He had at least $8K in black chips in front of him so I grabbed $6K worth and went to cash it in.  No problem.Another hour passes and he is still playing and still winning.  Now, he has a stack of black chips in front of him that totalled over $9K...and I have his other 6K in my pocket!!!  I told him we should leave and he agreed.That was when we hit a little snag.  As soon as we got to the cage, they had people waiting there for us.  They said that we had to pay taxes on our cash because we had won over $10K.  Being drunk, I began to argue and told them that he owed me the money that I took from the table.  Technically, that was true since our money was pooled going in.  They hassled us for a while, but ultimately paid us in full and let us leave.  I will never forget running to the Neon in flip flops and cargo shorts, holding my pockets tight so the money wouldn't fly out.I love the El Cortez because of this night.  I will always love the El Cortez.  I carry matches from that night everywhere I go to this day.  They live in my briefcase.  During our big win, I remember asking the pit boss if we were going to get a room comped to us.  He said no.  I asked what the most expensive room in the hotel was running that night.  The answer was $19.95.  I guess we didn't play enough to warrant the comp.We left and got the heck out of Vegas the next morning.  We picked up and paid for the camper repairs and his wife never found out that we even went to Vegas.
4	This is one of the last dinosaurs left in Las Vegas.  It's been spruced up a bit the last few years.  Nothing spactacular but you can't beat the nostalgia.  Worth stoping in  if you're low rolling.  I've always had fun here.
5	5 stars for comps, friendly staff, loose penny & nickel slots. I been staying at the El Cortez since 2007. I had to find a room for a family reunion trip everyone had booked ahead but me cuz I was short on cash. Well I couldn't get a cheap room, thanks to Expedia got a package. I knew nothing about the hotel as I usually stay at the Four Queens next to the Golden Nugget. Since then I have never paid for a room & the hotel has undergone a serious $23 million renovation, new carpet, ventilation system, flat screens, beds and other general changes. I get comped food, slot play and rooms every trip, after years of staying at the Queens I never got more than a Free Night or Two. The Cortez apprecaites its customers other casinos could learn from them, how we should be treated. The area around the Casino has changed dramatically over the short years with a new highrise condo complex, several cool night time bars, its only two blocks from Neonopolis Entertainment Complex, the Star Trek Experience, & three blocks from Fremont Experience & Downtown Strip. Lots of new slot machines with the ticket system only the dollar & five dollar slots use coins or tokens. Table games seem very active & its easy to place a bet at the sports book. I left my camera once, can u believe staff turned it in, I paid for priority mail and they sent it to me along with shades I left behind, after that I was sold.I am loyal now to this hotel dollar for dollar u get what u pay for & generous comps help to stretch your dollar. The beds are comfortable with good full size pillows, clean sheets, and new suites just opened this year. I will be there for my Birthday this August 20th and they sent me a card for 2x points and $50 slot play for that day. Thats in addition to the $25 food comp, $50 slot play & free three nights stay promo I already booked & I get to stay in new suites. If you need a place to stay and want more $$$ for gambling stay here you won't be dissapointed and I compare the tower rooms to staying at Best Western or La Quinta however the rooms are much bigger with nice seating options in each room and they have a newsletter in every room with money saving coupons. The two in house restruarants have been renovated, with good food and low prices, a seatles best, Subways & Ice cream bar also available on Casino floor. Yes there are old folks but the Casino caters to 35-50yr olds along with locals. This long time casino has a solid following so your gonna see old folks and being downtown brings out some characters but I've never felt unsafe not even walking outside as they have plenty of security inside and out. Drink waitresses can be slow but very accomodating. I have won on quarter, penny and nickel slots enough to cover my trip expenses.
5	**CABANA SUITES REVIEW ONLY**In an earlier review I said I wouldn't stay at another hotel but Signature at MGM Grand. Okay, I (half) lied. ;-) This is still true - Signature is still my choice to stay on the Strip, but if I had to play tourist Downtown, and experience a little slice of nostalgia that would give me the feeling of what it was like to carouse in Rat Pack-era Vegas, the Cabana Suites at the El Cortez are the best bet. Definitely the only place I would recommend if you decided stay and play Downtown.The Cabana Suites are located on Ogden and 8th St. behind the regular El Cortez Hotel. When you step inside in the lobby, you feel like you are being transported back in time. The whole hotel has a clean, crisp, hip, sophisticated, retro-modern feel, and so do the rooms. If you go onto the website for the Cabana Suites, the pictures do NOT do it justice. It was a small room, but this adds to its charm because it is supposed to be like one of the roadside motels on the Strip, or even what the Sands, Stardust, Dunes, Flamingo, Desert Inn, etc. must have been like in their heyday in the 50s or early 60s where all the hotel rooms were at ground level.The furnishings are pure eye-candy and the toiletries they offer (Archipelago) are nice as well. There is an LCD TV, iPod dock, snack bar and Fiji water are offered (for a fee), safe, iron and ironing board, and a refrigerator. Comfortable bed and good linens.The only complaint I have is about the shower heads - not enough water pressure. Too weak!Great customer service, speedy check-in and out, and there is a security guard on duty both inside and outside the hotel to keep the riffraff out, since the El Cortez is located near the seedier part of Fremont Street before you get to the main part (Fremont Street Experience) where the tourists go. It was a nice feeling knowing security was there at all times.Overall, I was extremely impressed with this hotel. It was the perfect place to stay, an affordable alternative to the higher end hotels on the Strip, and I'm sure much nicer and a lot more unique than the other hotels Downtown. In some ways, the Cabana Suites, albeit being brand new, felt more "vintage" than the real vintage hotels on Fremont Street! This hotel may not be for everyone's taste, but it is an awesome place to stay if you love Vintage Vegas.
4	$3 Craps Tables on A Friday Night.  enough said
4	i just stayed here. haven't been here in 2 years. this hotel is very close to fremont experience but not on fremont experience. i prefer this because you don't get all the noise. it's within walking distance.  they've done alot of remodeling and upgrades. first, i stayed here for 10.89 a night!!! yes, that's right.   10.89 total for my weekday stay.  i originally got a room with 2 queen beds, but they upgraded me for no reason to a suite, still $10.89 for my room. this is an older hotel but it's updated, pretty, plush, clean, and customer service is excellent. the huge pluses besides the price are free parking in two parking garages, FREE shuttle to and from airport and places on the other strip, closeness to fremont, and it's maybe 2 miles from the other strip. there's plenty of gaming. there is no buffet restaurant. there's a diner/cafe, upgraded steakhouse, i think mexican food, and plenty of bars. if you are in your early 20's, this hotel is not a party place for you. i would say it's more 30 and over. you can go to fremont just down the road to party it up and stay her super cheap. there is also a liquor store just across the street. it's an all around great place.
4	The tower rooms are really nice, large, and pleasantly decorated. Those are the ones that deserve a high rating. The pavillion rooms over the parking garage require a walk on an outside walkway to get to your room; they are cheaper and are just okay. The vintage rooms are cheapest; they have no elevator. If you use a "stay free" coupon, you'll get a vintage or pavillion room. You also don't get fun books but hey, it's a free stay.I really like the tower rooms. Stay there if you are the least bit picky. If you are willing to put up with more noise and finicky showers (ours had a slow drain, and the water temperature can vary), the pavillion rooms are okay. We haven't tried the vintage rooms.The restaurants keep getting new names as they get redecorated, but the menus are basically the same as in past years. However, there has been a cutback and the 24-hour coffeeshop now has a very limited menu for late night. If you eat from the full menu, the reuben sandwich is surprisingly good. Order the fries crispy or you may be disappointed by limp fries. The club sandwich is also good, as is the banana split.The casino itself is pleasant and offers a good selection of machines as well as table games. All the staff have been pleasant and helpful.
4	I did a review not long ago and though I ought to add some pics. I'm going back to the El Cortez for Thanksgiving again on generous comps a Cabana Suite Free for 3 nights & generous food & slot comps. I see now more people leaving positive reviews its best to sort them by date because any review left last year is nearly invalid the place no longer has buffet, installed a new ventilation system, has some newer slots machines not many with coins, and the Cabana Suites opened late spring of this year 2009.
5	Okay, while others might be disgusted with places like this, I am strangely drawn into its web. I am just a sucker for anything old school Vegas. I love that it's still there, complete with most of its original exterior. Everyone is so personable and it's really low-key. After a day here, everyone will recognize you and call you by name. Although the rooms are less than ideal and we've had near life and death experiences with things falling on our heads (think air conditioner), I wouldn't trade it for the world. I am a little bummed that "Careful Kitty's," is no longer there, as it was an awesome greasy spoon and the gray hairs were in full effect. Oh, and did I mention that Frank, the bartender, makes the best bloody marys? Yep, so cozy up at the bar, next to the walkers and traches and enjoy!
4	Warning: This is not a hotel to bring your kids/family to. Why are you bringing your family to Vegas anyway? Kids do not belong on the strip or in casinos, this is a place of VICE. That being said, we (two young adults) stayed here for three nights... 12$ a night... with an added bonus of two free nights in the month of December. Besides having to walk through the somewhat depressing casino to get to our room everything was satisfactory. They had mini fridges available upon request. I would definitely suggest looking into deals on the rooms (we used www.vegas.com). They have 1$ roulette and $3 blackjack most nights which are both a blast! And the craps tables aren't too bad either. Otherwise it's centrally located in downtown Las Vegas near the Fremont St. experience and there are security guards patrolling the parameters of the hotel. I had a great time going to the Beauty Bar and The Griffin (two bars right nearby) and also watching the large TV's overhead of Fremont St. Enjoy Vegas! Stay for cheap so you can save your money for other fun things!
5	This is a 2.7 star hotel room with a 5 star value, service, parking and location. You may say WHAT???Free parking, small but clean room in the Vintage section which is directly above the casino with stairs only access. Flat screeen tv was a surprise. The room was a little on the small side, but these days for me, I'm in Vegas to play poker and my room is where I'll crawl back to at some ungodly crazy hour of the morning only to do it again the next day. The prices are nearly impossible to beat but the Vintage non-smoking room I had, I could still smell the tobacco smoke of the last 50 years. It's not a big deal, but just warning any hyper-sensitive to smoke.I love the downtown location and play cards at Binions, original home of the WSOP, the Golden Nugget now owned by Steve Wynn which was his first casino and I love cruising Fremont Street when they have their live bands playing, the incredible rooftop light display that is awesome.Last weekend, I decided to book a room at a Strip hotel and the walk from the parking was horrendous, the ft desk was a nighmare and then finding my car to get out of town took me over 40 minutes.I''ll take downtown Fremont St and Boulder Hwy hotels over the Strip glam joints anyday and I love the $$$ I save!
4	35 bucks a night and really close to Fremont Street Experience. Marble in the bathroom, very clean on the inside, 40+ inch LCD, Kohler fixtures in the bathroom, small refrigerator and posh lobby...great deal for the price and for the area. Only issue is no laundry services, no microwave and 11 bucks for internet (24 hour period). Oh...and parking is Free too! Only real issue is that the rooms are small and might be a little tight for two adults...not many places to put your clothing (drawers, etc).
4	We stayed here on Christmas for 2 days @ $40 + tax in the Towers. We got 2 queen beds non-smoking. BE AWARE! non-smoking is a preference request / it's not guaranteed.We stayed on the 7th floor where all the rooms are non-smoking.Also,we got a room designed for disabled so it had extra rails in the bathroom but also I think the room was bigger that average to accomodate wheelchairs.I was very satisfied with the room & the price.I realize other yelpers said they paid $10.98 on a weekday but I booked the room 1 day ahead & I'm used to paying $70/nite @ Motel 6 in L A county suburbs.There was a slight smoke smell for about 10 minutes but then goes away.I guess you can't 100% isolate smoke that may be coming from other floors.I did'nt like how access to the parking garage is inconvenient from the towers elevator to the garage elevators.I've cool that when you join the free player's club that they photograph you & put your picture in a little key chain fob w/ a pic of the hotel on the opposite side.you also get $5 coupon to eat in their coffeeshop.the food is not worth it if you don't have the coupon.it's weird that they bring you food out with a cover like you see in old fashioned hospital TV shows.you're better off eating at a cheap buffet in the area like Main Street Station.It does seem to be safe even through the area looks dicey.there are alot of visible security guards standing on corners outside,roaming inside the casino floor & on bikes in the garage.plenty of security cameras in the garage too.The things i did'nt like are the casino gaming area is very smokey & they do charge you a deposit...I think mine was $50.another yelper said it was $150.I checked my credit card online & it has'nt shown up yet but if your credit is tight,I can see how the additional charge can be a drag & even more so if the deposit credit does'nt come off like they say it will but I bet there won't be a problem because if they screw you,you KNOW everyone will raise hell about on Yelp & that will kill the business.
5	This refers to the Cabana Suites only....All I have to say is, "wow!" This place rocked. THe rooms were smallish, but clean, beautifully decorated and best fo all cheaper than all of the traditional rent-by-the hour joints you'normally find in downtown Vegas. ($25/night weeknight, $33/night weekend) The lobby was tackily posh, the security was dutiful,the front desk interactions were akward yet polite and helpful. My only complaint is that I couldn't smoke in my room, the rest of Vegas made up for that in spades. I REALLY appreciated this place after witnessing some of the madness that folks had to deal with at hotels on "The Strip." Our check in/out-processes were swift, unlike the hours-long line to check in at other hotels (Ahem, Flamingo--I'm eyeballin' you.) There was also free parking in two different garages, and valet if you are that guy. This hidden gem is nestled at the top of the Freemont Street Experience, with quick access to THe Duece, which is a double decker bus to safely escort you down to the 11th circle of Hell (aka the strip. Fares are $3 one way and $7 all day. I wasn't into it, but I can see how people (if you consider drunk frat boys with delusions of high rollin' people. heh.)  would be. Also, at your fingertips are a number of old ass casinos with penny slots, $0.97 tkochkey shops, and terrible foodstands. This is how I think all of Vegas SHOULD be. It was also in close proximity to 3 tolerable bars (Don't Tell Mamma, Beauty Bar and Griffin)   I could see how one would think of this area as sketchville, especially at night...but pan handlers don't really bug me. A quick "no, thanks" was all that was needed to shoo the busking class away. I think it is important, as it is everywhere to trust your gut. I'm trusting my gut, that this will be the only place I will stay at in Vegas ever again.
4	This review refers to the Cabana Suites section of the el Cortez Hotel. my husband and I stayed here last year and we didn't expect much since it was really cheap at only $33/night. However, our rooms were rather tiny but really nice and clean. I loved their art deco style. Everything was really modern especially their bathrooms. What I liked most about staying here was their service. Their employees are really nice and helpful. If you are planning on staying in Vegas' Fremont experience this is the place to go!
4	Review is for the eCortez CABANA SUITES...The best hotel I've ever stayed in for under $100! My boyfriend and I were attending the scooter rally downtown and this location was perfect. Everything about the hotel was beautifully decorated and well maintained. Free parking across the street, no need to walk through smoky/stuffy lobbies, 24-hour secured entrance, friendly lobby staff that greet us all the time, free/different candy daily. The lobby, elevator, and hallway all were decorated with taste.Room: We stayed in the Junior Suite. Very spacious, still had that new hotel smell, green walls were relaxing, flat screen HD TV on the wall, cute vintage-inspired furniture, soft low lighting (that's what I prefer), comfortable bed with clean bed sheets (not that quilt cover that other hotels don't wash), black and white tiled bathroom, mini fridge, and my favorite part of the mini bar was was a little tin called the "intimacy kit", but no thanks I brought my own! Window view was of the quiet street.The neighbor hood is downtown, not a lot to do, but the Fremont Experience is very close. Unsure about the locals and the NASCAR fans were in the same area that weekend.**DOWNSIDES**$150 deposit that you'll get back in 5-10 days. Why does it take so long?! Plus, my room rate went up without the hotel notifying me- I had to find this out on my own. They said the rate went up because of NASCAR weekend, but I booked early through the internet. I called at the manager and he was able to adjust my rate back without any hassle.
4	I have stayed in three different types of rooms at the El Cortez.  Each time I've stayed at the El Cortez I've been in a promotion month where I got 1 or 2 free nights for later use.The Vintage rooms are located above the casino floor.  If you're a smoker and want to be close to the action, I totally recommend them.  They aren't luxury by any means, but they're cheap and close to the cheap gambling offered at the Cortez.  Also, you must access these rooms via stairs, so skip them if you need assistance.The Tower rooms have access to the main casino via an elevator.  The bathroom in the room I stayed in was a little cramped, but as with the other rooms, it's cheap.The Cabanas are fabulous.  Only for nonsmokers, which is great for me, allows my allergies to have a little break from the casino floor.  They are located across the street from the casino itself, but it's a 30 second walk to doors that lead to the casino itself.  There is security outside and quick access to the two El Cortez FREE parking garages.  We stayed in the smallest room type available and I still felt there was ample room.  The bathroom was great, with it's marble shower and basin sink.As far as the casino itself, I'm not much of a gambler, but I find myself spending hours at a time playing their low minimum roulette.  You can play with 25 cents, with only a dollar bet necessary inside or outside.  Also, be sure to tip the cocktail waitresses and they will love you.Cafe Cortez has good food at a reasonable price.  The service can be a little slow, but I've noticed most cafes in Vegas seem to be a little understaffed.I don't plan to stay anywhere other than the El Cortez on any of my future trips to Vegas.
4	The El Cortez has recently gone under the knife and come out a new hotel with beautiful art deco designs. If you stay in the fancier side you get a front door person like a concierge who is so nice and remembered my name during my entire stay. It was like being in a fancy hotel when I would get back, "Hello, Tiffany, how are you tonight?"El Cortez has pretty comfortable beds, big bathrooms, and relatively nice showers. They also have a small fitness area and complimentary fruit and candy downstairs in the lobby area. The only thing they don't have is free Wi-Fi, but honestly I can't find any place in Vegas that does.As for the casino portion, it was also recently redone so you don't have the lingering smoke smell in the carpet an around the tables just yet although smoking is of course allowed. They also have a pretty small gaming area with a really weird version of blackjack called double attack. In this version you get to see the dealer's card first and can at that point decide to make a second bet on your own hand. Odd indeed, but I did play it for a bit and ended up winning so I can't complain.
4	If I could give this place 4 and a half I would, I really want to give it five, but ya know...it's an acquired taste and I don't want to be misleading. It's not the Wynn....I stayed out back in the Cabana suites, and I am sure there are other reviews elsewhere...I loved it. The room was small but amazing....really...I've stayed at some awesome places and this has got to be one of my favorites...I really want to go back right now. It's in downtown which scares a lot of people off, yeah there's bums and some drug/hooker action going on but the hotel had security guards at all the major entrances and cameras everywhere, I felt super safe. There's tons of parking that's free. The bellman was super nice and helpful as was the valet. All the staff were excellently friendly. The main casino and building have been redone too-I can't vouch for the guest rooms there but the casino floor was nice-an old vegas casino that still maintains it charm. Again. I loved it-the price was AMAZING and I would recommend it to anyone...well maybe not someone with kids...but why the hell would you take your kids to Vegas....
4	Anyone who stays on the strip during a trip to Vegas is a jackass. If you are that type of jackass, keep looking, because this hotel isn't for you. The strip basically personifies the McDonaldization of Vegas. The entire area caters toward the kind of traveler you want to avoid if you came to Vegas to do anything other than shop and watch your kids swim all day.Fortunately for you, the entire downtown area, also known as Old Vegas, still offers the spectacle you know you want. And the El Cortez might just be as good as it gets in Old Vegas. The rooms are CHEAP. Neither the staff, the casino, the rooms, the restaurants or the service are what you would expect from a place so CHEAP.It's not top notch, but it's well above average. It has that vibe that says "we been around, we know what goes on here." The carpets have that colorful, retro look (I haven't been in years, this may not be true now), the bars are very welcoming, and the atmosphere is just nice.  The first time I stayed here I got round trip tickets and five nights here for like $3-400. You just can't beat that. I've stayed twice now.  It's retarded awesome.
4	Best Roulette in town. $1 minimum bet, I could have sat and played there all day, not just 4 hours.
4	I love this place. Won some money on games. The food was very cheap. The drinks was good. Im coming back just to be in here. The people that live in Vagas go here and the casino around the corner. The bartenders say this is were the locals go. A casino where everyone knows your name. I swore I was in cheers at this and the other casino. Some one walks in people say hey. I felt like I was at a local bar in my town.
2	I'm gonna tell you exactly what I think about this place.  It's dirty.  It's old and the people who work there/hang out there are just as dirty and old.  That said, this is a Vegas classic with history and awesome $3 minimum single and double deck blackjack that also pays 3 to 2.  This is the only reason I like this place.  I usually make the trip downtown when I'm in Vegas and I gamble here because of the single/double deck games, low minimums, and of course the most important part, Black Jack pays 3 to 2, not this new 6 to 5 bullshit that most strip casinos are doing now.  I haven't found anywhere else to play single/double deck with standard rules and such low minimums.  Usually a single/double deck game on the strip will cost you $50 minimum, so a $3 minimum is very attractive for someone just looking to have fun but also have the best odds.  Now the bad part, some pit-bosses and some dealers are not very friendly.  They have a slight attitude problem and make the fact that they want you to lose much too obvious.  They switched dealers on me every time I started on a hot streak.  Coincidence?  I think not.  That didn't keep me down though.  I had money to play with and I was there to win, so I played and ignored there tactics.  I went down quite a bit, but stuck around and worked hard enough to come back even.I've never stayed in the Hotel part so I don't know anything about the rooms.  I ate at the Subway once, it was good, just like any other Subway.So, if you're looking for a place to play single/double deck blackjack with low minimums and BJ's that pay 3 to 2 then this may be the place for you.  If you want a fancy place to play black jack with excellent service and hot cocktail waitresses, then this is NOT the place for you.  You may want to stay on the strip for those extras, but for barebones good odds blackjack action, this place is a go.My last visit here was not that good though and I just can't seem to get past the attitudes and demeanour of the staff.  I will probably not be returning and will keep looking for another place to play.  I'm sure another casino has the same thing going on but with better staff.
2	So my friend and I were "upgraded" to a king suite from the queen...notice the sarcasm dripping from my sentence. My friend and I, both 24, walked into the hotel, and everyone was at least 30 years old. The whole place reeked of cigarette smoke. At first glance, it looked fine- it was clean, and nothing was obviously wrong with it. We walked into the "non-smoking" room, and noticed the awful smell of cigarettes. Ew.The room was huge- there was a full couch, the king bed, a little bar area with a sink and a bar with stools, and a mini fridge. It sounds great on paper. But the feel of it, the atmosphere, the smell- everything was just not to our taste. It sort of felt icky. ;( But I guess you get what you paid for, and we paid $20 a night. I didn't wake up with bites, or see or hear anything crawling or scurrying. And it was in a nice walking distance to the Fremont street dealio. I just personally don't care to go back to it.
4	I stayed at the El Cortez hotel and casino, in the pavillion rooms right above the casino. A new it was a gamble since the reviews are mixed on this place. But for $33 a nite I figured what the hell, how bad could it be! I gotta say it's a real gem. The place was super clean and the staff are so nice! The rooms smelled sweet when we went in, kinda fruity. Everything was spotless clean and they gave free cable channels. We had no luck finding a smoking room unfortunately but other than that it was a great stay. It's about a block away from the fremont "strip" of casinos. The casino in the hotel was full of old folks but walk a block and you got 2 blocks full of casinos to try out. Definitely gonna come back here!
2	Stayed here back in 2005(more specifically in the Cabana Suites which were still called the Ogden House back then).Room: VERY ratty. Smelled weird, beds were uncomfortable, the bathroom looked like a scene from a horror movie(I was so glad we were only there for a day because I LITERALLY refused to use it) and the view was quite depressing. Pool: There is none.Restaurants: Didn't eat anywhere in the place. Looked at the breakfast buffet and it kind of scared me so I went to Mickey D's at Fitzgeralds instead. Entertainment: Nothing at the time.Miscellaneous: The place was kind of bad at the time. I did visit with my mom a year ago though(since she really loves it for some reason) and it's actually sort of nice now. Maybe the whole Fremont East project helped it out. And the rooms in the former Ogden House look so nice now.Wouldn't recommend AT ALL if we're talking about the time I stayed here. Now it doesn't seem so bad.
4	70 dollars for two nights, on a packed weekend where Blue Oyster Cult was playing right down the street...yah...this place was definitely a steal! My expectations before I got here was that it was going to be worse than some of the grimy motels I paid more for in Reno...I WAS WRONG.We fit 8 people into one room, no problem. One of the girls was afraid that someone could break into the room, but the elevators and staircases all need your specific room key to access...to some its safety, for me it was so safe that I got locked out of my own room. There are plenty of slot machines and table games but the poker table was kind of lacking. No biggie, you have the horseshoe down the street. About the food, well, if you're like me and like to stay up when till the crack of dawn in vegas, there is not only a subway that is open till 2a.m., but I'm pretty sure there is a place called Cafe Cortez open 24/7 on the weekends there...which was perfect because I had ran a solid mile from the strip because I was too drunk and energetic to stand around waiting for the bus and couldn't find an ATM to pay for a cab. Either way, the only reason that this place doesn't get 5 stars, and that is, THE ONLY REASON, it's not on "the strip." But hey...if you know how to party, that shouldn't be a problem at all.
4	This is by far the best hotel and Casino in Vegas.  The price was $28 with the next night free during the week! The room was 5 star.  The staff actually looked happy! I had a single bad experience with a slot tech who was working the Club desk.  I would have given them 5 stars if it wasn't for her.  She made me feel like she was going to have security throw me out because I asked about a particular comp! I will be emailing them about her.
3	Get away from the same old, same old of the Strip.  We accidentally booked this hotel in the downtown/Fremont street area of Vegas and I'm sooo glad we did.  This neighborhood has some great character--and if you DO want to hit up the strip, it's only a short bus ride away.  This hotel is a nice, decent place to stay.  It appears to be the nicest hotel in the area.  We stayed during the off season on weekdays for just $20 a night (in the cheaper rooms, not the tower rooms).  Then we won a bunch of money on penny slots downstairs.   Soooo, we were pretty happy with our stay.Hotel doesn't have wifi or mini fridge, which is pretty whack because I'm pretty sure even motel 6 has those things...but still, can't be beat for the price!The cheaper rooms do get kinda loud because they have doors facing the outside rather than the hallway and this area does have a lot of loud yelling and sirens at night.The cafe at this casino is not bad at all.Played a little bit of black jack here and the dealer was way rude.  Wouldn't wanna play table games here, slots are OK.  Live poker games but no tournaments.If you're gonna stay downtown, stay here.  We booked via orbitz and got a free coupon book for a ton of stuff here.
2	Both stars are for loose slots.This is a place the locals hang out because you may break even more times than not.My 84 year old aunt(a local)swears by this place.Now the bad,looks and smells like an ashtray.The people here are rejects from the bar scene in Star Wars.Fat ladies in wheelchairs,with oxygen tanks,smoking pack after pack ,show you where your Medicare dollars go.The dregs and cretins of humanity ,trying to forget that life sucks, by staying drunk and occasionally winning at video poker,are the clientele that visit this place.
4	It's a great Classic old Vegas hotel that is still privately owned. If getting to stay in a bit of historic Las Vegas, this is it.  It has lots of history and use to be own by Buggy Segal in the early 1940?s.I asked for a smoking room and all the smoking rooms are considered the "vintage rooms".  I liked the idea I was staying in the vintage side of the hotel for personal old Vegas nostalgic reasons, but I was a bit concerned that it would be a scary ugly dirty room, but to my surprise it was very descent nice looking!!! Very clean and remodeled like everything else was. The climate control in the room was work great. The water pressure in the shower was on the weak side. But over all I was very happy. They gave me a $25 dollar food credit and other freebees. The Hotel is in a "so-so" area of town at night but it's only 2 short blocks up from the Fremont experience walk area.
4	Well, well, well.. I have dined at the El Cortez cafe before and those evenings typically involved beverages of the alcoholic nature, but this past Friday was a new experience. After First Friday (monthly art thingie down town), while waiting on friends, I decided to grab a quick bite. I must say the veggie burger I ordered was one of the best veggie burgers (outside of Fat Burger and my own kitchen) I have ever had (in this city)! For $7 I had a HUGE burger complete with Swiss cheese, grilled onions, guacamole, pickles, lettuce, shoe string fries and ranch..mmmm! Would I go out of my way to cruise down town JUST to have a veggie burger, not really. But would I eat there if I were in the area on a budget and hungry, yes I would! Cheap eats, decent food, interesting people..enjoy!
4	If you love poker, and you're a cheap bastard like me, the best game in Vegas happens every Saturday morning in the tiny  El Cortez poker room.The El Cortez has a limit hold 'em game going all the time.  But Saturday mornings are they only time they spread 7 Card Stud.  There is a core of players that have been playing in this game seemingly since time immemorial.  In his review of the El Cortez, my friend Jack F.  noted how tough the poker room was, likening the players to castoffs from the excellent poker film Rounders.  As always, Jack is right on the money in his description.But that's part of the beauty of playing at the El Cortez.  The locals that play there are, for the most part, excellent players.  If you want to improve your game, playing against better players can be very helpful.  You can learn a lot playing with these folks.  Sure, they're sort of sharks, but most of them are really nice people, too.  What's special about the 7 Card Stud game is that it's ultra low limit.  The game is $1-$5 anytime.  Only the low card has to ante, so you can seen tons of hands for practically nothing.  You can sit down with as little as $20 or $30 dollars and, if you play conservatively, expect to play at least two or three hours.  That's an incredible Vegas value. Where else in Vegas can you get  hours of ring game poker fun for $30?  If you play no limit hold 'em, or even limit hold 'em, at any other casino you can blow that same $30 in just one hand.  The key, of course, is playing conservatively.  But, chances are, even if you lack the discipline or skill to play conservatively, your poker dollar will go a lot further in this game than any other game in town because the limits are low and game is usually low key.Here's yet another cool thing about the 7 Card Stud game at the El Cortez: sometimes the owner of the casino, Jackie Gaughan, sits in on the game.  How cool is that?  You're Playing Against The Owner of the Freakin' Casino, Man!  It's like a scene out of an old Western or something.  Can you dig that?  You can sit down in this poker room and for the price of a $30 buy in, you might  find yourself playing with a contemporary of Bugsy Siegel.  And, in case you didn't know it, Bugsy used to OWN the El Cortez, too.  Mikey C says: Can you get any more old school Vegas?  i don't think so!
3	My husband and I decided to play some slots after having a a delicious  dinner at El Cortez's steak house The Flame. I personally think it's a hidden gem ( The steakhouse). The slots here were a little dated ..they didn't have many new machines. Our current favorite is the Lord of the Rings ...I've never watched the movie but the slots do give a lot of bonuses! They didn't have that machine so we tried some of the older machines like Jade Elephant. The slots are pretty tight  we ended up going to Red Rock after an hour. We thought since this was an older casino the machines would be looser but we thought wrong. If you love video poker you should come here because that's what most of the machines consisted of.
4	Review for casino only:We had dinner at the Flame Steakhouse last night and played some video poker before going to another destination for a show.  The El Cortez has changed a lot in the last number of years.  The place is a lot brighter and cleaner than it used to be.The slot staff is around often to help those who need help of any kind.  The pay tables for VP are among the best in Las Vegas and downtown.  Cocktail service was often and prompt.This is a good place to go for a change of pace.  It was nice to see the Las Vegas legend, Jackie Gaughan, playing poker at one of the tables.  He is the last of a rare breed of casino guys from days gone by,
4	Great place to get in a cheap poker game.  I love this old style casinos and the patrons they attract.  It's always an interesting time here.  Rooms are pretty cheap too.
4	Old casino, SUPER LOW minimums on tables, and drinks at the bar are CHEAP!  The only thing is....you can't breathe well in there....
3	This place gets 3 Stars for trying really hard and showcasing some pretty cool suites recently.  If you haven't heard about them, check out this photo gallery from the Las Vegas Sun in Feb 2011:http://www.lasvegassun.com/photos/galleries/2011/feb/01/el-cortez-suites/I've only had the opportunity to see one of the suites....and it's pretty cool by downtown Vegas standards.  This property is making it's way to becoming a boutique hotel.....I hope they can pull it off, but the odds are stacked against them.The casino is blah.....it use to be one of the worst downtown, now it's OK.Return Factor - 30%
3	Well it is old and smells funny. I have not seen the room but I know they are under a slow remodel. I think there is a lot of hope for this place. But currently nothing too exciting.
4	Oh El Cortez, how can I possibly count the ways I love thee? The EC is just straight up awesome. Classic old Vegas in all the great ways. The sign rocks. That they host StrEATS rocks. The cabana suites rock. The free random food handed out to slot players rocks. The $0.25 roulette rocks. The Flame and 24-hour cafe kinda actually rock. The free parking (rare around Fremont) rocks. And I find it to be more diverse than other downtown casinos. More locals and more interesting people. The EC will forever have my heart and shall hereby remain my fav downtown place to game.
3	I like playing Blackjack and my internet research pointed me in the direction of the El Cortez.Upon stepping into the casino I was pretty stoked, it had the weird gritty old school Vegas feel that I wanted on my trip.  Weird old ladies screaming at slot machines, old men wasting their pensions playing poker and drinking themselves to death... ya know that sort of thing.While El Cortez does have the awesomeness of a creepy casino that I'm into, the creepy kinda went into disapointing in some aspects.  Take the dealers for instance, they were all Asian (which is cool) but with names like Charley, Karen, Freddy and so forth with nametags also sporting their countries (China was well represented).  Now the name changes were kinda weird but what was weirder was they were all sorta dead eyed and practically silent.  I'm not sure if they were robots or not, but I wouldn't be surprised.  This kind of made playing cards unsettling and uncomfortable.  So I switched to slots and people watching.Later I noticed a charming dealer named Karen so I thought I'd try my luck again.  Didn't feel so freaked out and she was chatty and sarcastic and that was awesome.  But the heeby jeebies came back when her manager that may have been Dolemite in disguise basically talked to her like he was her pimp, and I was worried at any moment he'd smack a ho.  That freaked me out and again I left the table.  Only to have Dolemite stare me and my companions down with a steely look that would have killed me dead on the spot if looks could actually kill.So if you have better nerves than I do try your luck at the tables.  If not stick to the slots and people watching.
3	Let me start off by saying that Downtown Las Vegas is one shady ass part of town. You definitely get your old school Vegas sleaziness here! The rooms and casino are definitely old school and creepy in some aspects, but that's alright, I guess lol. I stayed here for Punk Rock Bowling during Memorial Day weekend and had a great time, yea! The rooms were a pretty good size, relatively clean, had a mini fridge on a cart, and comfy pillows. They even have a small couch for that extra drunk friend that everyone always brings along. Overall, I would really say you get what you pay for, and for being a pretty cheap hotel, this isn't that bad...but I did pay for a nonsmoking room that still smelled like smoke! So Sick! I did like the awesomely weird and creepy mix of old folks, punks, and local crackheads gambling together at all sorts of odd hours. All the slot machines were super old school and really weird. The dealers were also pretty questionable looking, but hey this makes for great people watching, right? I was too busy watching punk shows across the street though to spend much time gambling, so I guess I missed out on free random food and booze. Apparently the room deposit is $100 a night if you're paying with a debit card instead of credit card. I was really annoyed that this was not explained to me by the front desk. I only noticed because I asked why is my total much cheaper now after I handed her a credit card ugh. I did like though that we got a punk rock bowling discount and were not ripped off because it was Memorial Day weekend. I also got a free players club fun book with lots of good coupons for booze, food, and gambling, yes! They also have a free parking garage that has security, so not bad. If the concerts take place directly across the street again, I would stay here again, but I might consider upgrading to the Cabana Suites.  Also, I did not have a chance to eat at the Flame Steakhouse, so next time for sure. All the fucking steak places and specials on this side of town need to stay open later, dammit!
4	Nice!  Cheap!
3	My buddy stayed here so I got a chance to check out the rooms and casino floor.  Yes, it's aged and they still have coin operated slot machines, but it wasn't horrible.  My buddy stayed in the main building (i.e. not the tower or cabana suites).  He mentioned the price was $40/night and they comp you $20 in food per night and $20/night in slot play.  Not too shabby!  His room was nothing more than a typical room at a Super8.  It had two double beds and a tiny bathroom, all of which were dimly lit by energy saving bulbs.  The walls were thin and you were pretty much outside until you walked into your room.  So there were no corridors or anything.  Pretty ghetto but hey, you're here to crash after long nights of drinking and gambling.  The El Cortez has free parking but the garage is located about 200 yards from the hotel casino.  I imagine many of the people staying there are packing lightly anyway.  We played there on a couple nights during our stay in Vegas.  They have $3 video blackjack - you know the one with the cheap porn stars as your dealer?  :-)  They have a couple of $5 blackjack tables, and enough slot machines to keep you happy for a day or two.  You'll probably get bored of this place quickly and if you want something more upbeat, you'll have to head over to the Fremont Experience (think Golden Nugget or Binyans).This place is aged, as is the majority of the players in the casino, but if you're looking to get away from the rowdy crowd and not spend so much at their tables, give this place a try.  It may be a little intimidating sitting down next to a 70 yr old at the blackjack table but just remember you're playing against the dealer, not him.
1	Scratch the remodeled surface and you'll see the dirt: Shady and ghetto, full of weirdos, and the bathrooms are filthy and toilets don't flush.
3	The casino gets four stars, but the hotel only gets two. I'm a cheap gambler so the 25cent roulette table and nickel slot machines provided the most fun I had at a casino downtown. Most of the people gambling here look a little down and out (not to mention old) but somehow the El Cortez made the depressed vibe work for it. The hotel rooms were small, with thin walls and thin mattresses. I didn't see any sketchy signs of filth though, so I wouldn't be opposed to staying there again. Now if only there was a pool.
5	Best motel / price in Las Vegas.  Bonus: Bugsy owned it!I went during Punk Rock Bowling, and they hosted the ticket pickup.  Major scene points, El Cortez!I don't gamble, but the people gambling here seemed to like it.  At least they were at the same machines every time I left/returned to my room for four days...The restaurant is nice if you are too hungover to go to a real restaurant.  There's a decent Mexican restaurant across the street, though, if you can make it.  Also, a hip coffee shop across the other street.Staff was awesome!  They were efficient and helpful and can call taxis and not ever judgmental.  The room service maids were totally cool with all of the scumbags smoking up and throwing up and generally destroying the motel.  The room was very clean and did not give me any diseases.  Two thumbs up!
4	Rooms are nice and rates are reasonable.  The is a great little restaurant in the back of the casino called Careful Kittys.  Fantastic breakfast.  This is not right on the strip, but is a great value pricewise.
4	I book3ed a tower room for 41 a night.It was a great room -very clean-nice dresser, desk, sofa, coffe table, double beds-very comfortable. Small bathroom but who cares really? Nice view of the strip. Old tube type tv-who watches tv in vegas?1 block to fremont street. Great slots , blackjack and roulette=bargain prices and loose machines. parking was ok-not too far from the room.check in and out was easy and the staff were very friendly except the grouchy old ladies that work in the cafe...
1	The El Cortez Is what I like to call "The Pass-Thur"... no one actually hangs out here, we just park here because It's free and It's not too far from the downtown bars. The cafe has 5$ Breakfest which Is not too shabby but don't be surprised If you see a "working girl" slap her pimp or shady characters lurking around.
5	Note: This review is for the El Cortez Casino ONLYEl Cortez is hands down my favorite casino to gamble in. It ooozes old Vegas charm (emphasis on the word "old"). When you're tired of tottering on too-high-heels you can come to the El Cortez and liberate your muffin-top! There is no judgment here.Sure it's a little seedy & decrepit and the clientele tends to be a little rough around the edges, but that's all part of its charm, I promise!!My boyfriend and I discovered this place nearly a year ago. He had just spent the weekend teaching me how to play computerized Black Jack and I was pretty sure I had the ins-&-outs down, but I needed to test my skills on a legitimate table. We headed to Freemont Street in search of inexpensive table minimums and relaxed, less intense game play. A friendly security guard at Binions pointed us in the direction of the El Cortez and it's $2 table minimum and we never looked back. Pros:*Super relaxed game play. If you're still new to the game you will find no intimidation here. I've actually had dealers offer me great advice and advise me against stupid bets.*Dealers are hilarious (for the most part). They make losing fun!* Table mates- For some reason my boyfriend and I have had incredibly good luck with tables. Everyone we've ever sat down with has been cool, funny down to earth and just looking to have a good time. The game is definitely a helluva lot more enjoyable when you actually LIKE the guy (or gal) sitting next to you.*The cocktail waitresses are quick about bringing you your drinks- Nuff said. Sure it's not fancy and full of glitz but the El Cortez definitely has character and some pretty legit street cred. If these things mean anything to you, you'd be remiss not to visit.
5	Only place we stay in Vegas! Love that when we pull in the valet and bellhop know our names! Makes us fell at home! Clean, Charming, in-expensive and comfortable.  Everyone that works there is kind and helpful!  We had our windshield shatter on the way there from an object that flew off of a truck going the other direction. When we pulled in the valet told us to get back with him in the morning and he get it fixed.  We had been quoted $500-600 to replace. The next morning he said he could get it fixed for $250 we gave him the money and they fixed it in the valet parking lot and we never had to do anything, they just took care of it!!!
4	A great value if you're looking for a clean room and inexpensive gambling.I stayed in the pavilion rooms which are above a parking garage.  I was surprised that I didn't hear any noise from the street.  All the staff was pleasant, the cocktail waitresses look like they were teens when the place opened; I can't speak for their service, I didn't order anything from them.  The cafe is nice enough, but the values they had in years past seem to have gone to the wayside.  I recommend this joint.  Yes the clientele is geriatric, but remember the old folks like value.  ;)  It's renovation from a few years back is much nicer than some of the others in downtown where they did little more than put lipstick on a pig.
4	IMHO, the best place to stay downtown.  Ooozes Las Vegas of yesteryear.It's not fancy, but it's real, and tasteful and comfortable.Staff is friendly, and gets friendlier if you're nice, too.I've only stayed in the Tower Rooms (and across the street at the Cabana Suites, see my separate review), which, as of this writing, are perfectly nice and clean (and large!)  Bathrooms could use an update, but otherwise, it's a lovely place to stay at a Super 8 Motel rate.You can catch a bus just across the street that will take you to the Strip whenever you want (it runs every 5-10 minutes.)Minus 1/2 star for limited food options and the fact that most of them close early (which will drive you out onto Fremont or into other casinos for late night grub.)Minus 1/2 star for overpriced WiFi, but then, I don't think a high percentage of their clientele are probably using it!
5	El Cortez is absolutely the bomb place to stay and gamble in Vegas.  First of all, the place isn't all fancy and smell-good like all those up-scale joints.  This place smells like stale beer, floozies, and ash-trays.  You know, just like a real casino should.  Secondly, you don't see big-timers here...  This is the bottom of the barrel.  This is where the really small-timers go to unwind...  Not to mention, they've got $1 minimum roulette and cheap rooms.  Also, the place has some serious history and it's in a really nice part of Vegas: the seedy side.  El Cortez is as good as it gets...!
3	Caveat: The room was comped, so part of me feels bad complaining.  But the other part of me thinks the problems call for an update since I recommended it.  If it was my first stay, this review would be 2 star.  Comped room + not my first stay = 3 star.  These comments pertain to the Tower rooms, which I've been pleased with before.Two things changed since our last visit:1. Linens - even cheaper than before.  They had holes in them.  Mattress pad was one of those flat flimsy things...and it was a twin size mattress pad on a queen sized bed.  Only one blanket (got a little chilly.)2. On our last day, we awoke abruptly to the loud sounds of a plunger/drain.  It was loud...way too loud for us to sleep.  They must've been working on clearing a drain in another room, and it was backing up into our sink and tub.  Drain grime spouting all over our toiletries around the sink (including my hairbrush, ewww!)  After 45 minutes of this noise keeping us awake, we finally got back to sleep.  When we got up a little later, we discovered that our sink and shower wouldn't drain properly (extremely slow.)  I guess they backed up the blockage to our room!  I took a quick shower standing on the sides of the tub so as not to stand in a pool of gunky, grimy water.  Disgusting!We told the front desk about the problem during checkout and the only response was "otherwise, did you enjoy your stay?"  Hmmm.  I had no reply.I think I'll either go back to the El Cortez' Cabana Suites or try Main Street Station next time...food options are better down at that end anyway!
4	Review of Casino only...  El Cortez is my new favorite downtown casino.  How can you beat $5 min single deck black jack at all times.  I loved and actually did really well on the .25 cent $1 min roulette.  Craps was slow at times but again how can you beat $3 min.  (Binions $3 min is gone)  Drinks came at a decent rate and were decent.  Seems like they did some updating of bathrooms and parts of the casino.  Place has a lot of history.  Some seedy characters at times but that is normal for downtown.  Had a good time and the dealers for the most part are friendly.  Will definitely be back each time in vegas.
4	quite the dive, obviously a local place to gamble, which is a great secret a tourist should not be privvy to. the max bet on a slot i was playing was 60-cents. c'mon, i've played that slot b4 at other casinos and the max bet was $3.00. definitely a favorite place to gamble.
3	Casino only:Cheap. El Cortez has $0.25 roulette. It has $3 blackjack. It has $0.05 slots. It's a cheap place.It is full of old people, true. It is also full of crazies, to some degree. But it's an old Vegas place. It feels like old Vegas. I found the dealers to be friendly enough (though more reserved than other places, I agree). And yes, the bathrooms are horrific.But this is a great place. It's definitely worth checking out.
5	Excuse me! What year is this?When I first came to Vegas 30 years ago, El Cortez was the first casino I walked in to, everything was new to me so it was like the greatest place on earth. All the neon lights, the slot machines, Fancy restaurants, beautiful cocktail waitresses ( I fell in love with one)  and money everywhere. It was also the first time I got kicked out of a casino. I was 15.  Las Vegas is not what it used to be. Like anything else it has gone through many changes in order to stay competitive and Modern. Gone are the good old days of las Vegas casinos, all we have now is the biggest circus in the world we now compete with Disneyland, six flags, and sunset boulevard. El Cortez takes you back in time  and gives you a glance to what casinos used to be when gaming was the main attraction and not the roller coasters or people hanging on wires. As soon as you walk into the casino you can hear the machines and the sound of the coins dropping from the machines just like old times.  I enjoyed being here at El Cortez remembering old times, I still can't believe I haven't been back since then, maybe I changed like everything else. but now that I'm also becoming part of what Vegas used to be, I may become a regular here. You should stop by and take a look at a real gambling establishment even if just to take a peek at the past. Waitress: cocktails!Me. Yes I'll have an old fashioned please..........hmmm?( I could swear that's the same waitress from 30 years ago)
2	All the charm of a Wal*Mart changing room with the glitz and glamour of a dollar store. If you enjoy palpable human misery that just doesn't wash off, The Cortez is the place for you. Especially at 2am. While I didn't see anyone smoking out of their tracheotomy hole while I was losing my money at the blackjack table... lets just say I wouldn't have been surprised if I had.
5	Comfy, cozy...that's how this casino feels.It's so close to the FSE; I had originally thought it was so far.Service was great. However dealers need to be broken in. It gets a little crazy at the tables with these newbies.Slots were giving me business...but remember they are still slots.Did well at their $3 craps table.El Cortez is OK in my book.
3	My wife and I have stayed at this hotel maybe 4-5 times, and at the Cabana suites twice. (Cabana review on their separate yelp page.)For the main hotel, we've stayed at both the Tower rooms and the original rooms. The over-arching feeling I have, is that this place is really cool. You HAVE to appreciate the Cortez being one of the last of the original hotels/casinos in Vegas. If your into that more than anything, stay in the original rooms. Your room will have a tiny hint of years of nicotine, and a slightly audible sound track of all the action down stairs. (Especially in the bathroom.)Personally, we're a little less keen on the smoke and noise; so the tower rooms fit the bill. Relatively new, well done decor, kind of reasonable prices for room service; and okay service. The shower has a small window that you can open if you like, which I found extremely nice/interesting. (Others might not.)The Cafe has ALWAYS been a favorite. The food is actually REALLY good and has some of the most reasonable prices in Vegas. Service has always been really sh*tty, so just be prepared. If the cafe had a personality, it would be like Rainman's other talent was cuisine. The food is really good, but then the rest of the experience is enough to make you roll your eyes. Here's the formula: when you sit down, wait 5-7 minutes for your order to be taken, then wait 12 minutes. When your food arrives, they slap down your check, and aren't to be seen again. Really guys? (One last rip on the cafe service... if they had Keno runners, they'd probably make more money off of me. That would be nice.)
4	Low ceilings = smoky casino...but I can overlook that issue because El Cortez has the lowest bet Roulette table I ever found in Vegas. $1 minimum bet and $0.25 minimum chips. Some of the slot machines still spit out coins and Cocktail Waitress came often and brought me stiff drinks.Now, I wish I'm in Vegas again and play some Roulettes.
4	This is for the casino only. We like the El Cortez. It has what could be called an old school atmosphere. All the staff seem friendly and happy to be there. They have good pay tables on the VP that we like to play, and the cocktail service is frequent and efficient. We ate in the cafe for breakfast and thought it was good. They have other restaurants too, but we didn't try any of them. This casino can get a little smoky at times, but no worse than some of the newer, more trendy places.
4	this is just for the restaurant only, although I saw a lot of customers walking through the hotel with dogs, and checking in, so they must except animals. this is for the Cafe. great waitress, average food, however one of the employess behind the counter was loudly going off on the busboy greeter who was her relative, , kinda made my stomach churn from all the negative commotion taking place over my food.. Nice cozy parking lot just enough for about 20 cars though. very bright and restored little casino. lots of alcoholics and riff raff sitting at the bar.
5	Has offers for "Free" after food and gambling credit rooms during off season. Great deal! I ended up turning the $40 free gambling credit into $70, enough to pay for the two nights I stayed.Location is good, tail end of the Fremont Street experience so it is relatively quiet. They have a great $8 prime rib special and a good steak house as well. Beds were comfortable, the 5th floor of their older bed tower is quite secure since you need to have your room key to access it.  Request that floor if you are concerned about security.The casino has some of the lowest house edge blackjack you will find in Vegas. Plenty of video poker machines but I could not find any jacks or better machines. Ended up playing double double bonus and hit a 4 ace jackpot for $40. Good times.
5	Stayed here for the first time because of great rate - definitely impressed!We got a really low rate to stay here, so were only expecting a place to sleep.  We stayed in a tower room and found that the room was actually really comfortable and spacious.  Each bed had three comfortable pillows and the mattresses were fine.  While the appearance might be somewhat dated, they keep up with the maintenance so everything was clean and in working order.  Tonya at the front desk was very friendly and informative, so she helped get our stay off to a great start. The hotel is a short walk to the Fremont Street Experience.  The Cafe Cortez on site had good food and is quick and friendly.
4	I use and abuse the El Cortez parking lot when I'm heading to the Griffin or any other Fremont East bar.  Sometimes they get super defensive of their lot, and I lie to the face of their security guards and tell them I'm a hotel guest.  I used to say I was there to gamble (aka GIVE THEM MONEY), but that wasn't good enough to be let into the garage.  So now I just tell them I'm a guest before they even ask.  Seems to work.Other than that garage, this place is a sad, sad place to be, as are a lot of downtown casinos.  Though I hear their new hotel rooms are nice...
2	This review is actually for The Flame restaurant, inside the El Cortez.I ordered the fish of the day, which was the halibut. It was a good-sized piece of fish, but it was not terribly flavorful. The waitstaff was friendly, but they forgot our side order of mushrooms (everything is ordered a la carte), and did not bring them out until we were almost done with our meal.At the prices they charge, I would expect more flavorful food and better service.
3	I have mixed feelings about the El Cortez.  It is smack dab in the middle of weirdo town which has provided some colorful and memorable interactions when my wife and I were there.  They have a nightly 2 for 1 martini special from 6-8? I think?  The recipes are good, but some of the bartenders have not been trained to make them.  I have had mixed (tee hee) results when we ordered them.  The casino has a strong scent of what I would call Bounce dryer sheets.  It is thick enough to taste on your tongue.  If you like to get drunk and chat with well-behaved transients (the El Cortez seems to be good at chasing the scary ones away) then it can be a really good time.
5	I live in Arlington, Texas and have been going to LV for 40 years.  I've stayed at the best hotels in the penthouse suites many times. But if you don't want to spend a couple thousand a night or don't like losing $25,000 a night, go downtown.  The best value for a comfortable room and absolutely by far the best food is at the El Cortez. Too bad that mooches like Rob P. don't want to pay their fair share!  I wouldn't be proud of that!Ted Machi
3	This review is for 3.5 stars overall. This downtown casino used to be really, really bad- homeless people wearing blankets (yeah, dude, this was scary back in the day)- this was when my 1st husband was working here (during the 90's)- and I'd pick him up at 1-2 am (maybe it was also the time period, too).Parking is sometimes hard to come by during the weekends (usually, there is a guard at the front of the parking garage). Sometimes, you can get parking at the meters across the street (back of the casino).  Fast forward to current times (and thus, more recent times), my mom's a player (she gets "free play" every month), so we get restaurant comps (credits on her player card) here, plus she gets coupons for both of the restaurants (so yes, we make regular visits here practically every month). The cafe is really popular (especially with the senior set). The cafe's chinese food (only served at dinner) is pretty good (FYI: the cafe has a no sleeveless shirt policy for men, but women are ok to wear sleeveless tanks), as well as the fajitas, and the sandwiches. The prices are reasonable (about $10 or less per person). The service is always pretty good (some servers remember us). To-go boxes (sandwich size) are very small, just a warning. Take the check to the front to close out the check.   Older casinos tend to be really smoky (especially downtown), but it's alright here. Usually, if a place is too smoky, I need to throw my clothes into the laundry (hate that smell and some brands bother my allergies, too).The customer base seems to be 60% seniors, and 40% everyone else (a varied different mix).
3	Cheap blackjack tables!!! Finally found a $3 table!! Great for beginners and jews! ( I'm jewish, I'm allowed to joke =))
5	This has to be my favorite casino in Las Vegas.  I been coming to El Cortez since 2006 and it still hasnt disaapoint me yet.  They have the best gambling in town with great slots and my personal favorite 25 cent roulette where you cant find anywhere in Vegas.  I even had stayed here many times and the rooms are very affordable and comfortable.  I will recommend this place to anyone who wants to enjoy great gambling. fantastic stay, great restuarant, and cocktail.  Have fun Las Vegas I approve this message
4	This is the place to stay if you want to stretch your dollar a long way but not sacrifice safety and comfort. Check-in is always prompt and courteous. Okay, it's a little smokey but it's a casino so that's to be expected. The food at Cafe Cortez is excellent and very inexpensive (don't miss the tuna melt!). I haven't tried the steak house yet but hear very good things about it. Sign up for a players card and get some freebies. I personally like to hang out in the Parlour lounge (located near the check-in desk) and enjoy the TVs and, in the evenings, live music. This usually consists of an excellent piano player but sometimes a very talented guitar player as well. The server/bartender Scott works the day shift (10 am - 6 pm, off Wed-Thurs) and is the best I've ever met. He's been there for ages and his father worked there before him. In fact, his father still drops by on occasion and I've had the privilege of meeting him. Both will chat you up and always have very entertaining stories to tell. You see, this is the type of place where you can almost become family after just a few visits. I'm not in town very often but they always remember me. Try that on the Strip!I usually receive offers for free stays during each visit and I did nothing to earn them except check in. You really do get a lot here for you money. The El Cortez. A throwback to the better days in Vegas. Come check it out.
2	The El Cortez has spent good money to advertise their Florida crab special, $28 for 1 pound. We looked forward to trying them, after having eaten there before and enjoying the food and service.The crab was awful! Obviously frozen, definitely not worth the price. The meal comes with cole slaw. I've never tasted worse cole slaw and it's such an easy salad to prepare. It also comes with cottage fries. Aside from the fact that the portions of the sides were laughably small, the fries were greasy and cold.Such a shame. The Flame is a wonderful room, the service is excellent, but this "special" is anything but!!
5	I love the El Cortez.Clean,Comfortable.Friendly staff.Great food,great coffee!!! I stay in Vegas twice a year.THe El Cortez is my favorite place to stay.I have stayed at hotels on the strip.The strip is filled with dirty books,dirty picts.My sister and I ate at Excalibur  buffet in August 2011,the food was horrible,we got full trying the food trying to find something good to eat.We found nothing that tasted good. Lots of great places to eat on freemont street.There is a little pizza joint on Freemont street.Awesome Pizza !! Freemont street area is much cleaner than the strip.They actually sweep and wash freemont street on a nightly basis.The short walk  from Freemont street to the El Cortez is very clean,and safe to walk.Atmosphere at El Cortez,is comfortable.
4	The Hotel:3/5  We had to come here for a business trip this week, and since the company was paying, we tried to find a very inexpensive hotel to stay in.  We found this place for $25 for two nights and the third night free.  I must say, I was expecting a teeny, tiny, weensy disgusting room.  This was way bigger than I expected, and pretty clean.  The pillow cases had some stains, and there was not a single even surface in the bathroom (my toothbrush fell off the counter and onto the floor...), but it was just what a room needed to be.  The mattress...well...I understand some people like them firm and such, but I woke up every day stiff and sore.  The location was AWESOME!  It was stumbling distance from an awesome bar call Insert Coins, that giant Fremont TV thing, and a zillion casinos and restaurants.  I loved how close it was to lots and lots of entertainment.  However.  When I was checking out, they said I had a $22 long-distance call made from my room.  I made absolutely no calls except to room service, and it turned out one of the maids made a long distance call from my room while she was in there and charged it to my account.  They were nice about taking that off, but I am glad I went to the counter to check out.The Casino: 4/5  This casino was pretty inexpensive.  I know it sounds silly, but the table minimums were great, you could actually play pennies in the penny machines (which I won three jackpots on...yeah, that's right!  I am the Wolf Run slot machine goddess!), the cocktail waitresses were attentive, if not super chatty, and they didn't skimp on the alcohol in the free drinks.If I ever were to return to Vegas (probably never again on my own free will), I would love to stay here again.
3	Even though it attracts an older crowd, the casino at El Cortez is a good place to get some low-to-moderate stakes gaming.  Unfortunately the cigarette smoke doesn't ventilate very well, so expect to be drenched in smoke.
4	Stayed here in NOvember when I was in Vegas and I like it. I prefer the more old school Vegas feel though as opposed to all the new properties on the strip. Cheap cheap gambling, cocktail waitresses come around frequently and dealers are friendly. Great place to learn a game if you've been wanting to try something but are too intimidated. The rooms are acceptable. How much are you in the room anyways? Great location.
3	I wish Bugsy was still running the place (casino only review) because it's got issues. As I boarded the double deck First Friday shuttle I was handed a funbook full of coupons to use at the El Cortez. I'm like this is cool, when I get through with First Friday I'll head over and check them out. I've been in there once before and already had a Jackie's Club Card and that time wasn't too bad. But all I did was go in and play slots too. So after I get dropped off by the shuttle I head over to the El Cortez and go to the Jackie's Club desk to use the fun book. The Jackie's Club staff are not the typical eye candy types you see elsewhere. They have older "real" people working and I like that. You get real service, without attitude. I get my free points assigned to my card and off I go. My first stop is the bar in the middle of the gaming floor. I find an open slot machine at the bar and I play and play, and play some more while watching a nice and friendly but painfully slow bartender make the rounds. Finally he gets to me, I get my beer soon after and I head off in search of a specially marked slot machine to use my funbook freebies. Things went off the rails at that point and no I hadn't touched the beer yet. My Jackie's Club Card PIN was not working so I headed back to the desk to get it punched in again. Then I head back to the slots and now the pin works, but the free credits won't. Seriously? 5 machines in various spots on the gaming floor and it's the same results. And the beer is getting hot so I ended up dumping it out in the bathroom sink and I headed for the door. I want to play the slots, not fight them, not with the thousands of slots of Fremont Street just a short walk away beckoning me. Freebies are nice. But all I ask for is slot machines that read my players card and work as so many other Vegas casino slots do. I like the feel of the El Cortez, it's small, it's got an old Vegas feel, and I honestly wish my experiences there were better. 3 stars. I can't slam them as they're trying but their slot techs have some work to do.
2	Found a "deal" online for a 2 night stay for $79.00...booked the room and when I got to Vegas to check-in they didn't have the room I originally booked! WHAT? What's up with that people? Why would you let someone book a room if you don't have it available for the customer when they come to check-in?So anyways, they charged me about $158 plus tax -__ - and placed me in a different room...but on the bright side, at least they apologized and gave me $25.00 food credit to the El Cortez Cafe. :D
5	I love staying at the El Cortez.I love the old rooms better.New rooms are way to small.They are really nice looking rooms,just to small for me.The slots are loose.The waitressses that serve drinks are  very friendly and come around quite often.My husband played poker,he said the house favors the locals.Locals were raising bets,never looking at there hole  cards.Him and another man got up and left.They were both highly disgusted.We have never  seen anything like this at any other casino on Freemont,or the strip.Other than that flaw ,I love the El Cortez.They have great food at the Cafe.Seattles Best for coffee,If you can get it fresh.
4	I have to be careful with hotel reviews.  I have 4-5 star aspirations on a 1-3 star budget. I must be careful not to rate a 2.5-star hotel poorly just because it doesn't have the offerings of a higher-rated property.  And this is indeed a 2.5 star property.Based on Expedia and AAA, stars refer to services and amenities more than aesthetics.  Hotel #1 with high-percale, Egyptian bedding but no internet, limited room service and no on-site eateries will be lower-rated than hotel #2 that has those services, even when hotel #2's rooms have cheaper furniture and lower quality bedding.  So I use stars along with customer reviews to determine whether I might like a hotel. For me, hotels in old Vegas/Fremont are fine as 2-star properties because I'm not there for the hotel. I'm there for the wackiness known as Fremont. I'm not a gambler;  $10 - $20 on the slot machine will last me all weekend. I care more about the food, internet and about room safety and comfort than anything.  I stayed in the renovated tower section of the El Cortez, and I should say that I won a free hotel weekend through my travel agency.  That won't affect my review (although it might have gotten me the renovated tower room with the Strip view, a perk about which I will not complain!)   Upon entering the room I was struck with the comfy look and design. It doesn't come across as small.  While the nearby California Hotel was almost comical in its extreme plainness, this room has homey-looking, interesting furnishings, like brass pineapple lamps.  It even has a cute little sitting area by the window. Truth to tell, the loveseat was very light-weight and the coffee table looked like it came from a garage sale. Somehow, this all came together for a  home-away-from-home feel.  The room was quite clean, the view was great, and I appreciated the multitude of lighting fixtures.   The TV is the older, bulky kind. Internet was $11.99 for 24 hours PER DEVICE. That's just crazy. I tried it with my iPhone and found it to be decent quality with little to no lag or disconnects. There doesn't appear to be internet in the public areas.The bathroom was odd- VERY tiny. The toilet/tub/shower room is separate from the sink area. The shower is basically no different than one  you might install in your own home- a Home Depot-style plastic molded shower insert.  As tiny as the sink area was, the "closet" and the safe were packed in there as well.   Tiny, folks.  There wasn't even a light over the sink- light came from the toilet room or from the sitting area.   The beds were comfortable enough, with three pillows each (I like extra pillows).  I liked the room a lot, really- just not the bathroom.Whenever I stay in a hotel I purposely order room service.  Room service here is overpriced but is served promptly and my breakfast was really good. It apparently comes from the 24-hour Cafe Cortez. I kinda liked the Cafe. If I were a regular here, I could see myself with my newspaper or magazine,  sitting alone there and drinking my coffee.  The international waitstaff are attentive and friendly.I got a really nice credit for the Flame steakhouse, so I invited a friend to eat there with me. The hotel was also giving guests a free bottle of Mondavi wine.  The small (but uncrowded) space, low lighting and live pianist give the place a slightly sophisticated air, but the sight of some of the patrons in jeans and old T-shirts knocked down the sophistication level by a few points. The wait staff were friendly.I had the French onion soup as my appetizer, which tasted fine. My friend got the crab cakes and we were both surprised by the small size of the two cakes compared to the price charged for them.  They were tasty, though.  As for entrees, my friend ordered the salmon. I liked it a lot- juicy, moist, nicely seasoned. Companion said she LOVED it. We both liked the accompanying bed of "sea beans" - now, that was a creative touch!  I got the shrimp scampi, which was shrimp on a bed of linguini. I didn't really love my entree; the sauce tasted a little dull. It wasn't horrid but for $21 I wouldn't order it again.  We shared an apple strudel for dessert and were totally unimpressed because there was absolutely nothing special about it.  Our meal, including the $15 white zinfadel, came to over $80 (covered mostly by my credit), and for that price I want to be wowed.  If they want to maintain their prices, I'd like to see originality and a more sophisticated decor. Those sea beans stood out because out of everything, they were a new experience, and well-prepared.  People don't mind paying extra for the creatively (and deliciously) unusual.  More of that, please!So would I come back? Yes, I would. The place is old-fashioned and homey, but that's a selling point. It's near Fremont Street. Great staff, decent price.  I'm trying the Cabana suites next.
4	Didn't gamble, so this is just for the hotel.Stayed in the Tower and was pleasantly surprised by the spacious and comfortable room.  I've stayed in much more expensive strip properties whose rooms weren't nearly as nice.The location is ideal -- close to everything downtown but far enough removed from the Fremont St Experience to avoid the all-night noise that place generates.Yeah, the casino is smoky and smells of disinfectant, but once you're upstairs, it's one of the most pleasant and value-packed places to stay in Vegas.
4	When it comes to dealers, this is a break-in joint. El Cortez and Railroad Pass are the two casinos in the valley that will give you a chance even if you are fat, ugly, and just generally unattractive. Las Vegas is a very unfair place like that. A cute girl can walk into a casino, have no experience dealing yet they will hire her at places like Red Rock Station even though she doesn't even know how to calculate the pay-outs. So perhaps we should appreciate El Cortez for being one of the only true equal opportunity employers. Well, El Cortez has a lot of newbie dealers. Years ago when I was a tourist, I remember the dealer paying me 3 times for hands that I lost. I just sat there and stayed quiet.  Not to mention that they are generous on comps, and the rooms are old but very big an comfortable.   The food at the 24 hour cafe is usually free, so I don't care if it didn't taste good. The service though is excellent.They send you free slot play. Sometimes they are very generous. Back when I was a tourist, I threw around some green chips at the Black Jack table and they gave me $50 free slot play for a couple of months. While playing Triple Wild Cherry with my free slot play, I ended up winning $900. The coolest thing is that they give you comp dollars while you are using your free slot play! No other casino in the world does that.  Not a bad place.
4	I like to visit Freemont ST on each visit to LV. Now with the East Freemont bar scene, I've been crashing at least one night downtown as well. Had a midweek stay in 10/2011 in a queen tower room at a great rate. Room was redone recently - Bahamian/Charleston style (British Imperial dark wood and pineapple motif.) Beds were not pillow-top but supportive and comfortable. Nice seating area with coffee table. Fold down secretary makes for a good work station. Downside was the bathroom. Not updated. Clean and maintained but tight and dated tile work. Shower head was a little too low but there was a window to open for fresh air.Overall a great location for visiting downtown, decent, clean accommodations and lower table limits in the casino. (Aging crowd for the most part on the floor but in Vegas all are equal at the table.)May 2012 - stayed in a Cabana Suite room - funky fancy old motel room - awesome bathroom but room itself is small (old motel refurbished.) Have to go outside of casino to get to room across the street but makes for a quieter stay. I'd say worth the price difference if you wanted Strip fancy during the week but value drops on weekend rates compared to other rooms in main casino.
4	How can I begin to explain the charm that certain places in Old Vegas hold? There is something magnetic, something real about these places with history. It doesn't matter that the lobby is filled with older folks. It doesn't matter that the Players Club members are trying to earn enough points for Hawaiian shirts. It doesn't matter that the hotel hasn't tried to renovate or compete with every other casino in Las Vegas. All of these points only enhance it's charm. History is priceless and I think it's cool that this was the casino that Bugsy Siegel used to own.Having cheap drinks and listening to a piano player singing along to a great playlist doesn't hurt.
5	I love this hotel. It's dingy and old, and the showers are nearly IMPOSSIBLE to turn on, but it's all part of the fun. The rooms suffice for the sleeping and binge-drinking that takes place before you go out to carouse among locals in downtown. We went to the newly refurbished bar downstairs, and Scotty the bartender made us the most AMAZING bloody marys on the planet. Seriously, treat yourself with one. You won't regret it.
5	i stayed here last year for edc and this year too..woo edc!!! butt we ended up staying here both years it was great the lady at the front desk was very friendly and fast. she got us all set up and even gave us complimentary drinks and two night stay for september.. also the prices are unbeatable.. go check it out theyre slots are looser than others as well :)
1	Good deal on the rooms Food:Cafe Food was Ok but what can u expect..Casino: Good cheap slots, The waitress I waited almost 1 hour before I saw some one shitty attitude shitty service. You ask them for a drink  and all you get is a snarl and look...would i stay there again ? Yea but will i gamble there HELL NO! yout better off at the Fremont
4	I am still alive. I am still grateful. I still remember. This week, I celebrate the outcome of a lifesaving surgery. This time each year, I take a road trip to remember how lucky I am to be alive and the life lessons that I learned from almost dying. El Cortez. A great find. A bargain-priced well-run, cleaner-than-most hotel in old-school downtown dirty Vegas. This location is perfect for a variety of traveler's wants, especially mine.Steps from the double-decker 'Deuce' bus which runs the strip 24 hours a day starting here. If you have no means of transportation or just love saving lives by letting sober hands take the wheel, having the Deuce, ($7 per 24 hours) steps away is critical.I didn't love Vegas my first visit. I flew in from LA, stayed at Cesar's Palace, took taxis to and from exclusive nightclubs and fancy steak houses with my former-frat-boy ex. Since, I've stayed at a gamut of convenient-to-the-strip hotels, found a nonexclusive place to dance and liked it. But I didn't love Vegas until I found the old-timey Vegas that resides at the Fremont street experience, steps from El Cortez. Why I prefer 'downtown' to 'uptown' in general represents one of the reasons my nickname at Yelp is "grassroots girl". The other, is that this account, like all my social networking, began to respond with an authentic voice to corporate injustice. My commitment to the ideology behind both is also what I celebrate this week, why I came & why I loved it here.I lost my memory once years ago. Can you imagine waking up ten years from now with no memory of the time passing within those ten years? That was me, years ago. I was a broke teenager with lavender hair who carried picket signs and fronted a rock band, 13. When I woke up, I was VERY different, twenty something. It wasn't just the blond hair or the fancy car in my driveway that was different, I didn't know my mail carrier's name nor did I care. *The good news about finding out the bad news about yourself, is that you can change.I'll be prone to falling in love with "uptown" things forever. I will fall off the course once set for myself, ideals included. Ridiculous insecurities will drive my wants to "fit in" and "be accepted". I'll have the opportunity to be both ashamed or proud of where I came from.With any luck, I'll hang on to 'grassroots' ideals. Won't be easy. Once a year, I will take a road trip to remember how I'd once forgotten everything I stood for on the path to acceptance from everybody but me.If you want access to the most exclusive nightclubs, if you like the limelight, if you steer from classic towards the newest, coolest, chicest, you might not like it here. If you send your food back because it never meets your standards, if you only frequent the "in" spots only when the "in" crowd is there, this might not be for you. If you have not yet deleted all memory of the years spent turning your once-idealistic values to shit, you might choose to stay elsewhere. There was a time in my life when this place wasn't up to my standards. I was an asshole. A bitch. A stuck up jerk who only cared about the label beneath her lapel and the logo on her car keys. I'm not saying that I'm not all of the aforementioned still. (I am) It will be a lifetime uphill battle to avoid becoming that way again completely. Loving my stay here is proof that I have not fallen all the way off the tracks.We had two double beds on the 5th floor. Room 5509 had a GREAT view from the window. We used the coffee maker to make hot water for tea. (the coffee is meh) We watched the big flat-screen TV for the weather report. Over 100 degrees!A fridge was given to us on request, on the house. We filled it with fruit, drinks and milk for cereal which we purchased from the bodega spotted from our beautiful window view. We took advantage of the Shea butter lotions, soaps and high-end toiletries provided. We used the lush bath towels and called down for more. We took some extra towels to the dingy pool 2 blocks away, but we had the pool all to ourselves so had a great time swimming anyway.I drank espresso every morning from the coolest cafe/record store/art gallery in the world located just steps away. We watched the 'Tribute To Queen' show at the Fremont experience where water was 2 for $1. deep fried Oreo cookies, 99 cents each & green cans of cream ale, 2 bucks. We shared steak dinners ($6.99) in the middle of the night when the "gambler's specials" roll out. We treated ourselves to a  $6.25 breakfast buffet (coffee & OJ included) from Vegas Club down the block. We waited behind the wise elderly locals outfitted with walkers and wheel chairs who smiled at us. We smiled back. We slept all day in the cool comfort of personalized AC without hearing neighbors or slot machines. We felt safe leaving the casino late-night. Highly recommended. Will return. Hopefully, grassroots forever.;-)
2	(+)- cheap(-)- 50 dollar cab ride from the airport :(- old everythingI thought hotels on the strip were lighted poorly, this one was probably the worst. Most likely due to the fact that it is so old and looks like it hasn't been remodeled/updated in forever. Our room looked very old and the bathroom especially looked extremely outdated. Beds weren't that comfortable. The only saving grace of this hotel was that we only paid about 40 bucks each between 5 people (2 queen beds) for 3-4 nights. There's no reason to stay here unless you're really tight on money, want to explore old las vegas, or want to be closer to the LV speedway.
1	If you are a gambler this is not the place for you. I play regularly on the strip, and get great comps and the highest recognition in terms of rewards and benefits on the strip. I tried the El Cortez as they had a reputation for giving a gambler a fair shake. I started off my evening by playing $100 a hand black jack. It was near impossible to get a pit boss to recognize me. When at Caesars and the Mirage they are tripping to have my rating done... at the El Cortez they could care less. After a day of playing, I was told I had $200 in comps by the Club Cortez. The next day, somehow my account was changed to $30 dollars in comps. I have never had this happen at a casino where my comps magically disappeared. I even talked to the casino host, and he was adamant that there was nothing he could do. I go the Mirage and play $100 average per hand , they put me up in room and cover my food. In turn, I gambled a lot more at their casino. So if you are a serious gambler the El Cortez is not the place to be. You will not be appreciated and treated with the proper respect.
5	First please allow me to qualify the five star rating. Did I give the El Cortez five stars because it is a world-class property with all mod cons? Not a chance but it is as old school Las Vegas as one can get, I mean two for one martinis at any casino bar from 5 to 7 PM every day. First built in 1941 and owned by Benjamin "Bugsy" Siegel. Please note that I am not trying to glorify the past "mob" connection to the El Cortez, but if you want a taste of Las Vegas the way it was. Check out the El Cortez. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4	For an old, cheap hotel, this place is awesome! There is an interesting sweet smell when you walk in the casino, almost like cherries. They have video blackjack while you drink at the bar, along with Guinness on tap. The cafe was tasty, and they give you food and drink vouchers when you check in. We wanted to eat at the steakhouse, but it was closed monday and tuesday, so they lose a star for advertising it as being open daily. Oh yeah, free towncar to the airport!
3	This place is NOT ritzy, glitzy, glamorous, etc. but it is a fun way to see another side of Vegas.  A regular hotel... no moving walkways, no tigers, or fountains, or volcanos... just Vegas grit and grime.  Great table limits.  Really like playing here.  I alway make a trip out to El Cortez when I visit Vegas.  Better to rent a car because cab rides get REALLY expensive in Vegas.  Use car during the day, cabs at night.
4	Loved the vintage decor of our bedroom suite #1000. False crocodile head, tumbleweed lamp, movie set lamp, silver tree trunk table... Plus there was a jacuzzi and shower! Very comfortable and clean room. Only downside was that service was very slow. Room service took nearly 1 hour and bellhop service almost never arrived. I feel like they need more staff members. Other than that, it was awesome staying in a historic hotel in downtown Vegas!
4	This is a wonderful old school casino with a small card area, plenty of slots and friendly no-bullshit bartenders. The first time at the El Cortez I wandered in due to positive reviews on some locals websites and ended up winning $100 at the Blackjack tables. They were nice enough to invite me back with comped hotel rooms and I had a blast with friends using their tables as our home base for a short vacation the next time I was in town. The location is awesome and I had no real complaints. Don't expect high end glamor or comped drinks to come FLYING your way, but enjoy the atmosphere and talk to some locals..
5	I like the El Cortez, because they cater to old, fat, worn out farts like me.  Ain't too many places left in this town where a guy can take a $20 bill and play nickel poker for a couple of hours.  What's not to love?  They have even improved the ventilation and I didn't get a case of early lung cancer from second hand smoke today.  Way to go El Cortez, keep that old time Vegas thing of yours going.
1	walked in, it looked a bit dingy, but we didn't expect much. very unpleasant desk person. they refused to honor my reservation made and paid for back in June, for October 31st,  for 3 nights. it was a special price but the site i reserved this through went bankrupt. and since the hotel wouldn't get paid by them , they could only sell us a room for full price and we can back charge the original charge..This is the part I dont understand If the offer was valid when we reserved and paid in good faith, why cant the hotel honor it? we would be paying them.we asked for a manager. they got Darcy who said she did not have the authority to change the price( yet she is running the hotel) They let us walk over $45. Not only were they unfriendly and rude but not very bright.they lost what we would have spent on gambling food etc. Very unprofessional. Never encountered such a bad service experience in all my visits to Vegas.plenty of other places to stay.
2	Seriously dude? This place is Nasty!  This might be the grossest casino I've ever been to in Vegas.I'd give it no stars if that were possible except for the fact that they have recently redone their restrooms!  In fact, the restroom in this place is the nicest thing going for it!!!!It smells like cigs covered up with air freshener, covered up with vomit, covered up with floor powder, covered up with B.O, covered up with plug-ins.  The smell is so strange and not good!  How about some air purifiers? That would help!  Some open windows maybe???Onto the gambling 1) they have some really old machines that still spit out quarters  2) they have some new machines that just take your dollars 3) they have table games that are like $5 min but really should be like $2 min 4) some of the machines are in such bad shape they've just duck taped them together [I saw this on a couple of instances] they have like old tube TV screens and everything 5) the people that go here...how do you explain...just WOW  6) valet was very nice I'll give them that 7) there's like a baseball game concession stand by the sports book that I found very comicalMy friend did win $45 on Craps-hooray!
1	I use to like the El Cortez. I've stayed here two times. The first time was in the old fashioned rooms right above the casino, the bed was cute & comfortable, that's about it. The second time, just recently in November 17, 2012, I stayed in one of the tower rooms.  Room is ugly & the bed was extremely uncomfortable.  I have a BIG problem with El Cortez asking for a deposit besides the price of the room. They NEVER return your deposit. It's now December 10, 2012, & I never was credited my deposit back into my bank account like they promised! They stole my money. They scammed me by booking w/ them for a cheap price then they take the deposit. Turns out in the end I did not pay a cheap price. Their customer service sucks. I will never stay at the Cortez again because of this, even when they send me offers, because it's a scam to get you in and not pay back your deposit as promised.  Fyi, the room was left in good condition, only stayed one night, no reason not to return my deposit.
4	This place is old school Vegas. Classic!So much character, its literally overwhelming. From the worn down floral carpet from decades past to the ancient slot machines to the bizarre yet wonderful people playing the slot machines to the awesome neon signs, this hotel is just pure class. Located catty corner from the heart of Downtown Vegas social life (Commonwealth, The Griffin, Le Thai), this hotel is in prime location for when Downtown Vegas becomes the new hipster hotspot. The room: well decorated and comfortable. They NEED to fix the showers - they are a lawsuit waiting to happen. There is scalding hot and cold and nothing in between.
4	This review is for a stay there in July 2012.I lived in the El Cortez for a week while I interned at UNLV this past July.The rate for the room was incredible!  I booked on Orbitz and got a great deal.The room was large, clean, and easy to get to.  The location at one end of Fremont street is very convenient, and it only took about 10 min. to get to UNLV every AM.The negatives - The workout room is across the street at the cabana suites, and the pool is across the street in the other direction from that, forcing you to cross the street in your flip-flops to have a swim.I was so happy about my stay, I've booked my next trip to Vegas in Feb. already, and am staying here again!CL
1	Beyond upset right now. Had issues with credit card in the  bar. I'm a local-- and MOD (Manager On Duty) couldn't be bothered apologizing and clearly (IMO) didn't know computer system at all. I offered to help with my background and he snapped at me. Too many people need jobs for this dude to have one and be so poor at it. I will be dealing with the GM so I'll update. I asked MOD for business card--he gave me one from someone else! When I questioned him--"oh, I thought you wanted his card." Really? I ask for your card and you try to throw someone else under the bus?
4	A jewel for what we paid for. Somkey for sure but all the workers (front desk, bartenters, housekeeping) were soo nice and i loved the parlour! Will be back for sure! Thank u el cortez for everything!
4	Oldest continuously operating casino in Vegas. Once owned by Bugsy Siegel.I can't speak for the hotel, as I have never stayed there. But the casino is pretty much exactly what you would expect from a place that has been open for 70 years. They aren't trying to lure you in with waterfalls and blown glass and mimes and fifty-foot high ceilings. This place is unapologetic that it is the place for degenerate gamblers to come piss their lives away. If you've ever wondered what the zombie apocalypse will be like, just wander through the slot area here around 3am.And you know what? I dig the place. Great video poker paytables. Three dollar blackjack. Really friendly staff (I mean they are actually happy you are there, not miserable that their own lives didn't result in movie stardom). I probably couldn't gamble here for more than 3-4 hours at a time because of the smoke, but that's plenty of time to be transported back to old school Vegas.
4	You people need to chill. I was scared to come hear after reading the reviews. Worried about Safety walking from parking lot to front desk. I used to live in Las Vegas and have seen some bad local casinos. This is not one of then....After yelp reviews, This is what I pictured: sketchy parking with over zealous parking attendant. Small 3000 sq ft casino floor filled with smoke, vagabonds and degenerates. Disgruntled staff that can't get a job on the strip. Small, stinky, 250 sq ft room, dark and dingy and make me depressed that I didn't choose a strip hotel. A haven for bed bugs.This Is what I got: light and safe parking, classy remodeled casino. New construction, but keeps the vintage. New machines, happy and young players club staff, happy front desk staff. Spacious room. Same size as Signature Suites penthouse I stayed in three week ago. And coupons for a free Stella and burger. So far, so good.This Is not a 5 star hotel. It'd pretty damned good in its class though. I would say 5 stars in the 3 star category.Day 2- slept fantastic. Quiet room. Bed is hard and sheets are Super 8 quality. Yes I have been there to compare. Went for a 6am run and it was safe. Rule of thumb, when approaching a homeless person with baggage, they are safe. No baggage, looking for next fix. Shower had great heat and pressure. Stayed in 410. Noticed awesome view from elevator lobby, so assuming rooms with south views can see strip. All staff friendly and helpful. Had Free burger and beer in cafe, that was superb. Parking security guard wanted to make sure I was a guest, love that. An Elvis that really puts his heart into it performed on Friday. Great job. I feel really safe here. Elevator has sexy man scent.  So far so excellent.Day three. Still sleeping fantastic. Closet door came off hinges. Maintenance showed up within 30 minutes. Very prideful staff. Ice machine didnt work on my floor when I checked in. Went to 3rd floor for ice. 2nd day informed front desk that it wasn't working. Today it was fixed with ice in abundance. I've been to hotels that have non operating ice makers all summer. I did think they El Cortez would fix it, but they did.Last night, noticed they have security on the outside corners of hotel. Security was questioning a suspect as I walked through the casino. Gotta keep the place classy. I love the rich smell in the elevators. "Going Up?"Overall, fantastic experience. Thank you El Cortez.
2	How should I start...the El Cortez is an old, stereotypical downtown Las Vegas hotel.  It has history and character.  I stayed in a Queen Tower Suite. The room is spacious and had all of the amenities that you need.  The furniture was old (but not in a bad way), the linens were new, and the carpet was worn out.  The bed was clean and comfortable, but the sofa didn't look inviting.  Perhaps it was the dark upholstery that made me wary.  The bathroom was tiny, and should utilize a curved shower rod, as the tub was narrow.  It was clean, but you still had the feeling that you wanted to wear shower shoes in the shower and didn't want even your elbow to touch the shower curtain. (That's just me speaking since I'm used to staying at 3.5+ star and worked in hospitality for years).The demographics of the casino really vary.  In one section, you'll find older locals, while in an adjacent area, you'll find a completely different class of well dressed people.Definitely sign up for the Club Cortez player's card for the coupons.  Not only is there a free drink coupon, but also a $5 off Cafe Cortez.Another bonus was free parking.Convenient to Downtown Las Vegas venues: The Beat, Commonwealth, DCR, Le Thai and the Fremont Street Experience.
5	I've stayed in the old fashioned rooms & in the tower suites.Thumbs up to both. Wifi available & walking distance from all the action downtown.The steakhouse by the lobby is cheap & good. Parking is free if you are staying at the hotel so that is a plus. I vouch for El Cortez 100%!!
3	My review is for the casino only.  El Cortez is in a shady area of downtown.  It's nothing fancy and the clientele can be a bit sketchy.  It's pretty small - not a lot of tables or variety of slots.  But they offer free play like no other casinos!  They sent me a $100 gaming credit in the mail to get me in the door, then during my birthday month, sent me $50 more dollars in free play.  Their slots are pretty loose and let you play/win for awhile.  With the right incentives, it's a decent place to play.  :)
4	I love this place! $5 Burger and a Beer at Cafe Cortez is delicious and flame-grilled, and available at any hour. Best value on Freemont Street and the Hotel rooms are clean. Elvis Tribute Artist in the Parlour Lounge! Viva El Cortez!
4	Checked out this hotel mainly because of Yelp LV CM Misty Y and fellow Yelper mary b. This review is for the casino portion. I learned to play craps here thanks to their low minimum crap machine. Yup, who knew $1 could last half an hour? Haha! No really, it was weird how long the games lasted.Vintage casino feel without the smoke stench! Some of the casinos in downtown maybe nicer but you come out smelling like cigarettes. Not here. The dealers are friendly and the drink service was quite attentive, as long as you keep being generous of course ;) And if you get hungry, Cafe Cortez serves up an 8oz prime rib dinner for under $10.
2	Located in old town Las Vegas...Everything is old, yet cheap here.Don't like how you must have a reservation here in order to park free in their parking lot.
1	I understand about getting good rates at hotels especially if it's just a room to sleep in...but...the "vintage" rooms were horrible.  They are located above the casino, accessible only by a flight of stairs.  Our room was non smoking but all the cigarette smoke from the casino came right up to the room.  The poor sink and toilet were very shaky, clean but scary.  I would not recommend these rooms at all!
5	The way all the Casino's used to be, classic Las Vegas Charm with updated games and slots, well kept and not usually very crowded. My wife loves this place because they have 25 cent roulette, she loves to play (unfortunately not well) and can sit with $40.00 in chips for several hours, sometimes she wins but most times she loses and at 25 cents a chip she doesn't worry about losing it's all about the fun. They have many of the newer slots and table games to keep most players interested.  Highly recommend to my Yelp gambling friends
1	Terrible service at the caffe. We ate dinner there and the wait was long even though the restaurant was only half full. The food wasn't that great either. We tried it for breakfast thinking maybe it would be ok. Wow we're we wrong. We ended up waiting again for a table and I could see at least five available. The waitress never came to great us, she was bussing the table next to us.  When she came to take our drink order instead of going to get it she went back to the table to set the silverware. I asked her if she could just bring the coffee. She said ok and still went back to the other table. Worst service I've ever experienced.
4	For starters, yes I played a gig here, yes it was a tribute act and yes it was everything Vegas should always be. SO back to the El Cortez... I was appalled when I first walked in to this smoky, tobacco tinted, untouched since the 70s casino. Mostly because if the casino was in such shape I couldn't wait to see what would be lurking in my hotel room and what I might take home with me. After a few hours what was completely shocking to me soon became quite charming. Hell, if you are going to smoke inside, it should at least be a little smoky! The casino was always bustling even though it is on the old side of town. Everyone seemed in the Vegas spirit (not the fist pumping pool party but more like the drab "a loan shark's holding my kids hostage spirit.") I prefer the latter. The El Cortez recently built a new tower to accomodate more guests and to modernize the facility and the rooms are awesome. No Smoking allowed. The rooms are clean, spacious and comfortable. You truly get the best of both worlds. Sleazy, dingy Elvis-y Vegas and clean, classy and comfortable Vegas. I will also say, I love this side of town. I had never been there before but it is really a unique place. There is an awesome coffee shop across the street and several small restaurants leading up to the old strip. Easily my favorite place in Vegas and not a bad place to play a gig eaither.
1	Fuck you and your worthless bum casino. I was having my way blocked by a bunch of crippled old fuckers that kept blocking my way with their old people walking crutch things. So I decided to cut across the casino tables until a rude pit boss stopped me. I only go to this piece of shit crackhead spot because I wanted the free parking. I have never, ever, frequented the methhead slot machines. But I did go to Cafe Cortez, which is overpriced for their shoddy tasting food. Don't come here in a suit, crackhead "hustlers" that sell you CDs and bother you for cigarettes are right OUTSIDE the automatic doors.
3	This place has definitely seen better times.  The casino is old and muggy and the type of people that frequent this place look a little scary... I'm a dude and usually don't find myself fearing anything but damn - the people that were in here and just standing around outside were pretty hardcore.  I didn't feel safe enough to try my luck, so I just left.
4	I had a great stay here. Styed in a tower room. I got an amazing deal on a discount travel site for a weekend stay for $32 a night! My reservation had two queens but I asked for a king room instead and they gave it to me no problem!The room was big, very clean and bed was decent. Noise level was high at night because it was across from a club but I didnt go to sleep till late anyway, Im sure earplugs would fix the problem if it really bothered you.Fast and friendly free valet parking for guests, nice staff. The only gripe would be my key wouldnt work sometimes so I had to exhange it and sometimes it took a while swiping it over and over until it let us in. The location may not be the best if you are looking to party on the strip but I dont drink and had a car so it was no problem at all, a quick 10 minute drive gets you to the strip! Saw a different unique side of Vegas. I will DEFINETLY stay here again. What a deal!
4	Great Price.  Older hotel.  Certainly not a resort.  But a screaming deal and a good night sleep in the party area of Fremont street.Free Valet.  Edge of Fremont St.  Stayed in the new building across the street.  Quiet, clean, easy in easy out (no walking a mile through the casino, free wifi, no bogus fees.  Room recently remodeled with concierge.  Did I mention great price.  If you don't need the glitz of some big monstrous hotel, this place seems to fit the bill.  Bed was comfy.  It's definitely a come back.
4	The El Cortez is a fun place to gamble, the pace is slower, the minimums are lower, its less crowded. Their players card is rewarding; you can get comped a ribeye dinner and eat it while you're still playing slots, I witnessed this and asked about it. pretty cool...check this place out if the strip has been abusing your wallet, it could change your luck and make your clothes smell smokier.
2	Have you ever stayed at a hotel in Central America during the 80s?  Well, if you haven't, come over to the Cortez and travel back in time.  Sure, it is $35 a night, but that is if you can sleep with all the sounds coming around and below you.  Roach hotel checklist:Crappy neighborhood (check)Cheap rates (check)Insects (check)Old Hotel (check)Tube TV (check)Thin walls (check)Mold (check)Inadequate Ventilation (check)Security Problems - crappy neighborhood, cheap rooms attracts a certain type of folks (check)Plumbing Problems - water drain, shower pressure (check)Tackle the door to open (check)Took forever and a half to check-in.  I slept with my clothes on.  The only reason they didn't get 1 star from me is because they are dirt(y) cheap, good location for downtown activities, and free parking.But not cheap enough to attract me back.  I rather pay a few bucks extra and live the good life in Vegas.The hotel is perfect for hooker banging and/or drug deals.
3	What a Vegas classic.  Walking through this place makes you think of Vegas in the old days.I enjoy this place because of value, I got their players card which allows me free parking in the back garage even when special events raise that to $10.  I think I've saved $60 so far just on parking alone!The other cool thing is their 5% back promo on cashed checks, where 5% is given as free-play.  Stations has you spin a wheel which sometimes only results in double points or something stupid.The crowd I have seen isn't too rough, some are retired or just value oriented so I don't mind playing my $20 every 6-month gaming budget here.
5	This place is really cool. Good price older hotel. Its very clean. They also give you free wifi, and no Resort Fees.
1	I visited the El Cortez sports book today for the Kentucky Derby with my family and had a first-in-a-lifetime experience. We got there an hour and a half early and placed bets the whole time. When it came time for the race, they were still showing Cross Fit on the TVs so I asked the sports book manager why they wouldn't have such a big event on their TVs and was met with "why are you complaining?". I told the guy "Look, EVERYONE is here for the Derby and you are choosing to alienate half the room by not simply changing the channel." That's when he called security over and had me removed from the sports book. WOW, this was the first time I've ever been kicked out of ANYWHERE, let alone a downtown Las Vegas hotel/casino that I patronize pretty regularly. AND THEN, the security guard had the nerve to tell me that I was causing HIM TO NOT BE ABLE TO WATCH THE RACE. Not only do my wife and I work downtown and love places like the El Cortez, but I was born and raised DOWNTOWN. This was handled so incredibly poorly. A little lesson in customer service 101 would go a long way.
5	My favorite casino in Vegas. We always stay downtown and we love this casino. Always get great play out of the slots, great cocktail service on the casino floor, clean and large slot selection. Very friendly staff, finally signed up for a card this trip and Jimbo was very nice at sign up. Highly recommend walking the extra block from Fremont Experience to the El Cortez.
2	They are really trying, and it's an uphill climb to try to attract a better clientele to an area of town that awaits redevelopment. Once the East Fremont project takes hold, the El Cortez will have a chance--but for now, the nearly-dead gambling crowd and the ever-present fog of 50 years of stale cigarette smoke prevents me from staying long enough to even have a drink. The preservation of the hotel/casino exterior is worth seeing, as are the vintage photos on the walls inside. It's just not enough, yet.
4	Authentic, insanely inexpensive ($22 on a thursday night), excellent location, decent enough rooms, loose slots and the joint is GANGSTA. Ask Bugsy.
5	I gotta be honest...i LOVE the El Cortez. I dont even want to stay anywhere else when im in Vegas. Now, perhaps im not the "typical Vegas traveler". I go to Vegas for the food, bright lights and open container laws. I also, appreciate the history of Fremont street and prefer it to the strip. That being said the El Cortez is awesome! If you  looking for clubs and high roller suites then its probably not for you. If you want a good room at a great price in a quirky part of town then this place is where its at. In case you havent been paying attention, downtown Vegas is going through a resurgence of sorts. Lots of awesome restaurants, bars, art galleries etc have started popping up right outside the hotel. And the hotel itself was just recognized as a historic landmark. This is the kinda place i wanna be.Now the rooms, well they are just fine. My last stay was in a Pavillion room and i was plesently impressed. Sure, i had to go up an elevator and the door to my room was outside but i never once felt unsafe. The room itself was large and clean. Much more impressive than the rooms ive had at the good ole' IP (rip imperial palace). Beds were super comfy. Additionally, the price cannot be beat. Rooms can go for as little as around $30 a night and thats without those crazy resort fees cause this hotel doesnt have them. Seriously, to those that say the El Cortez is in a sketcy part of town/is unsafe to that i say "Aw grow some!". The location is excellent. Downtown is small so everything is within walking distance. If you wanna go to the strip, the Deuce picks up a block away. Another plus is that the staff is super friendly and i have never waited in line to check in. Thats almost unheard of on the strip.So all in all, the El Cortez makes for a wonderful Vegas trip. Have dinner at Le Thai across the street, then do your own bar hop down Fremont St hitting up Beauty Bar, The Griffin, Downtown Cocktail Room etc. Finish with 25 cent roulette for a few hours back at the hotel. It's good times here...good times.
4	We cam for VegastrEATs, a food truck event hosted by El Cortez and later found ourselves inside the hotel at the Parlor Bar where John Brooks did his Elvis Tribute. It was a blast and a perfect first night for our Vegas trip. The wait staff was quick and friendly. I think there was a two drink minimum, but they neglected to tell us that and did not harass us when we left after one drink. My wife had a shaved ice from the food truck event and she was allowed to keep it as I drank my beer.John Brooks, by the way, did a fantastic job and shared that his 100th performance will be next weekend (6/15/13).
3	I stayed here for a few days. It wasn't anything to brag about. But it wasn't bad either. The stay was nice. The room was clean for how old it was and the price. The valets were on point. Wouldn't stay again but I enjoyed my one visit
4	I stayed in a tower room.  They've re-done the rooms, apparently the 11th&12th floors are the newest.  They seemed to touch everything but the bathroom, it had a pink toilet and a one-piece pink shower.  Now I liked the room a lot, but the bathroom needed some serious updating.  I'm 6'5 and felt uncomfortable in the shower as it was so short due in-part to the enclosure.  The water pressure was great!  I've always been a fan of the coffee shop, an while the deals aren't as good as they once were, they are still ok.  I appreciate the ambiance of the El Cortez.  This is the first trip in many years where I was completely put off by Fremont Street.  I despise the strip and previously loved Freemont.  Somewhere between the new owners and the new albatross of construction project I realized that the old charm had been lost.  I'll be back to the El Cortez, as it's far enough away that the gambling and gambler are still the main draw (as opposed to gimmicks like the world's largest slot machine and scantily clad dealers and/or pit dancers)
3	Have never stayed the night in this hotel.  I have played the slots here a few time and like some of the other hotels around Freemont this one also could benefit from a good face lift.
3	Conveniently located near most of the places I frequent downtown, this place is my number one place to park. It gets tricky when it's a weekend or holiday, even with a player's card. But any other day of the week, there is no problem with parking. And the best part: it's free.Another thing I love about the El Cortez is the cheap craps. I rarely gamble, but if I do, it's at a craps table. This place has $3 min bets at the craps tables, which is great if you're not a high roller like I am and you want to stretch your money a little bit. It's also a great place to learn for the staff are friendly and willing to help you learn with bets and odds.
4	This is my new favorite Las Vegas gambling spot! In my opinion, any casino where $40 lasts you for six hours of play is where I need to be. Sure, the slot machines are ghetto but at least they're original and "loose" (I won $80 on a penny slot called "King of Bling"). My initial investment even lasted through several hours of craps and Pai Gow poker. Amazing.The people here are hilarious and the dealers are friendly. I love how laid-back the downtown Vegas crowd is compared to the Strip. El Cortez is also located steps away from East Fremont Street where a lot of cool bars and lounges have popped up. Next time I'm in Vegas, my first stop is to sign up for a player's card at El Cortez.
3	Cheap gambling at it's best.. has it's own class with cheap $5 black jack, $1 roulette, Craps you name it.. you'll get to enjoy the ash tray smell of the building and watch out when you leave the place late at night you might get offered oral s#x by some gay guys lol (true story) but hey you gotta love playing black jack for 5 hours on $100 to start.. El Cortez a gem of a dump in one crazy way plus it ended up in the ending credits of the first Hangover movie!
5	The only thing missing from this place was a pool.  Everything else was great.  Cheap, tasty food in the cafe(5 bucks for a burger AND beer!).  Inexpensive table games and slots.  The staff was also very nice.  The rooms were simple but clean.  I think they were fairly quiet at night too, not sure I was pretty drunk by the time I got back to the room.  Would definitely stay here in the future.  You can't beat 20 bucks a night.
4	I want to go back soon.
1	Do not stay here!  I asked for a non-smoking room and after they lectured me at the front desk about not smoking in the room I walked into the room and it smelled terribly of smoke. Throughout the night smoke was billowing into my room from downstairs casino and I developed a cold that put a serious damper on my trip to Utah national parks.  In the morning the smoke alarm even went off from so much smoke in my room.  I am really angry at this place.  Do not get drawn in by the super cheap rates!  You will pay for it later with your health.  I typically am not that whiny about cigarette smoke.  I have friends that smoke and I don't mind if someone is the vicinity that smokes but this was literally like sleeping in a damn ashtray.
2	The place wreaks of cigarettes.  If you has asthma or breathing problems, avoid this place.  My friend and I just went inside to buy drinks.  We were at the main bar for the longest time ever because this guy in front of us was acting dumb.  FInally, he left and we made our way up.  Unfortunately, we had to wait longer because the waiter was busy or doing something unproductive.  His name was Thomas.  He seemed a bit slow.  He didn't even know how to pour our drinks right.  Vodka and redbull in a small cup cost us $12/cup and the cups were small.  There was barely even any vodka in the cup, it wasn't even a shot.  What a waste.  The guy sucked at pouring.  Who the hell hired this guy?  Fire him.  I can do a better job than him, seriously.  Major disappointment.We ended up walking around the place.  There was some karaoke going on.  Some of the people were good, others sucked.  Some of them looked like they needed more alcohol in them to let it out.  We couldn't even hear one of the singers because she was singing ever so softly.  There was some alcohol promotion going on too.  I forgot the name of the event, but it was alright.Our guy friends came in to gamble, and they lost.  Sucked to be them!
1	If you hate the smell of cigarette and incense don't stay here. WiFi is not free ($11.99) at all as advertised.  The room keys does'n't work most of the time and I had mine replaced twice today. It is really  frustrating and I will never stay here again.Only nice thing to say about this place is the workers are nice and helpful but otherwise go somewhere else if you are concern about your health.
4	Even though it's old, slots are great. They keep you playing with plenty time for waitresses to come around to take drink orders.
1	Absolutely Dreadful dirty rooms.  Mainly from age. Needs to be gutted and re-done or torn down   Darn and dingy corridors and I did not feel safe, moved after one night to another hotel, which I will also rate.   Staff was friendly and courteous though.
3	some of our friends ask us to stay here during my birthday so we did.The place is a little old theres a lot of locals who come here. the staff is nice for the most part and the bets for the table games are low. if you decide to get a room ask to stay in the tower the other rooms are very old  my wife and i decide to stay here and it was not pretty. she got stuck in the bathroom because the door would not open from the inside. I called the front desk and the actually moved us to the tower where the rooms are much newer. I would go back since I had a good time but i don't know if i would stay for the same price they gave me.
5	This is the best hotel downtown to gamble Blackjack. Most casinos in Vegas advertise single deck $5 blackjack on giant billboards. When you arrive, there is one single deck table that never has an empty seat. El Cortez has about 10 single deck tables. Odds are great and the dealers are friendly.
3	This place is really cleaning up! It is getting better thanks to all the funding being pumped into downtown. I will keep checking back to see improvements.
3	Good Place to come once to check out the pictures on the wall. Lots of history on those walls. Just like the rest of downtown, cheap beer and cheap gambling.
4	Came in to the casino on a recent trip, and the staff was incredibly nice.  They explained the players club card, and gave plenty of free play as I had never been here before.  The casino was very smoky, but what do you expect out of a locals joint?  The single deck blackjack was awesome, the dealers were very friendly, and so was the pit crew.  I had heard stories of people getting backed off when changing their bets, but I ran a positive progression, and had no problems from them at all.  Ended up leaving up about 100 bucks with the blackjack and the video poker, so all in all, a great trip, and will probably stay here next time I'm in Vegas!
1	You go to the BlackJack tables you put your money down and they give you chips.  The DEALERS are very rude do not greet you and wish you luck.  They look at you like you are disturbing them.  Be so near all the other hotels downtown I would take my money there.  I Thought the dealers on the strip were rude but they EL CORTEZ beats them.
4	I love El Cortez. The staff is friendly, they have all my favorite slot machines and the location is perfect. I'm much more fond of downtown than the Strip, so the El Cortez is situated right where I want to be. Rooms are cheap and decent, beds are comfortable and the air conditioning was on point. However, if you are looking for upscale, this is NOT your place. Locals clearly hang out here, the food is good and cheap, and gambling is fun!
4	This casino is great. Lots of fun on the $1 minimum roulette. I played for hours spending just $20. The nickel video poker is great and pays out real coins. This casino looks like a dive but is definitely worth the visit.
2	Bogus - I used to like coming here until they decided that they would try and be upscale.  Now they are just out of the way and expensive.  El Cortez used to have that pleasurable layer of grime that you sometimes need when hitting the town.  Until I hear that the carpets have started to go a bit threadbare again, I shant return.
3	Love the location, close to Fremont st experience, Downtown 3rd and Container Park, the only minor complaints that I have are that the AC wasn't as strong as we'd like, and the room was hot and stuffy when we walked in.  The bed also wasn't as comfortable but we weren't expecting any Tempurpedic mattresses anyway, and the walls were thin, when people were trying to get into the room next door it sounded like they were trying to get into ours.  The main reason we chose to stay here was to avoid driving on New Year's Eve while partying up downtown.  The Cortez was the perfect spot for this, after a night of drunken debauchery the Cortez was not far of a walk at all and the not so comfortable beds were not so noticeable when you're drunk.  It also didn't seem as crowded as I would think during a busy holiday weekend.  We've stayed downtown at another hotel during the LIB festival and had to wait in line for about 30-45 min to check in, then wait another 10 mins to step into a crowded elevator.  The Cortez had no wait to check in/ out and never had to wait too long for an elevator.  We received a voucher for a funbook which included a free well drink or beer, $5 free slot play and a few other things but those are the ones we took advantage of.  I would recommend this place if you prefer location and price over comfort.  Not bad for what you pay for!
3	Service is inconsistent. The valet and front desk team were courteous and professional. The room was quite larger than I had expected, considering I paid only $18 for the night. The room was clean and presented amenities that delighted me, including coffee, a brand new flat screen television and desk where I could work. The rewards club team member that assisted me was chewing gum (my pet peeve). Also, she was unable to explain the program- just went through the motions. The service at the cafe matched hat received at the loyalty club- left a lot to be desired. Parlour bar was great and redeemed he hotel in my perspective. I do not understand the inconsistency. My initial interactions set the bar very high and then I had a huge let down. :-( glad the team at parlour helped turn it around.
4	The reviews for this hotel are pretty uneven.  It seems like the people who gave the hotel a higher rating are the ones who actually stayed at the hotel, and the ones that gave it a lower rating are people who just came to play in the casino.  I actually stayed here, and I was pleasantly surprised.  This is one of the cheapest hotels in all of Las Vegas during the weekdays.  I think I paid $20/night for four nights.  I come to Vegas quite often, and I'm not here on vacation, so I don't mind staying at seedy hotels if all I need is a place to sleep and shower.  This place isn't a seedy hotel at all.  I stayed on the ninth floor in one of the tower rooms, and it had an amazing view of Stratosphere and that whole cluster of hotels.  The beds and bathroom were very clean, the air condition was excellent, and there was a very comfortable sofa in the room, which is where I spent most of my time sitting.  This is definitely an older hotel, so nothing in the room, or the entire hotel and casino for that matter, is going to look new and fresh.  But it's very clean and comfortable.  My only complaint is that the bathtub didn't drain very well, so after I finished taking a shower, I was standing ankle-deep in my own bath water.  The casino isn't great.  But then again, there isn't any place in Downtown Las Vegas that has a casino that compares to the hotels on The Strip.  Half the casino smells like a Subway restaurant, because there's a 24/7 Subway there.  There are slot machines and all the basic table games.  The sportsbook area isn't great, and the security guards are very adamant about not allowing people to fall asleep while sitting and watching sports, so if you fall asleep, they'll wake you up and ask you to leave the area.  The best perk of staying at this hotel is that Fremont Street is right outside, which is the main touristy area of Downtown Las Vegas.  It's a fun area, full of restaurants and shops.  I found a great hipster coffee shop across the street from the hotel, and I spent lots of time there with my laptop.  Overall, this hotel is an excellent place to stay if you want to be in Downtown Las Vegas.  If you're making a once in a lifetime kind of trip to Vegas, I'd recommend paying more and staying at one of the bigger, nicer hotels directly on The Strip.  I've stayed in many hotels in this town, and this is definitely the most I've ever received for my money.  I would definitely stay here again.
3	My wife and I decided to crash here after watching football on Fremont. The bed wasn't comfortable but it was cheap. The new container park is really close and very cool but they have a giant insect that shoots flames out the top of it and it's very loud, making it hard to sleep. I think it ended around midnight. Also I think the place is haunted, we heard light tapping on the nightstand, a faint baby crying and a cat crying in our room. Not sure what to make of all of it but was kinda weird. It's cheap and if you're looking for a place to crash then it may be ok but I wouldn't stay more than 1 night.
1	Management here is more concerned with policy than guest loyalty. After two weeks in a row of staying here it is incredibly disappointing to be given the "it's our policy" talk from someone that is old enough to know better when dealing with a guest. I will never stay here again. They just lost five nights a week of room revenue.
1	Me and the wife stayed a night, the room was nice and appeared to be clean, however my wife woke up with Three BED BUG BITES on her leg!
5	Never stayed in a hotel room, but hands down the best casino in Vegas!  Wait, did I say that?  I sure as hell did!They still have 3/2 Blackjack, yep, that's a royalty these days in Vegas, sad I know.  It's $25 a hand, but you have a better shot at this than the 6/5 offered everywhere else.  My next trip I will stay here period, that's if they don't boot me.  I have been shown the door a couple times for running their single deck.  Man, that's a great game I tell ya.The whole feel of this place is something else.  Old school vegas at its finest.For you newbies, if you are reading this, GO HERE!  If you are debating on the strip, or downtown, STAY HERE.Vegas isn't about all the glitz and glamour, well, it can be, but its about nostalgia, and this place has it.  If you're a historian, go and talk to some of the old timers, start with the bartenders.  There are many stories to be told, but not many listeners
1	So our car has been found. No thanks to El Cortez and the rest of their hotel staff after it was stolen with all our luggage out of valet parking. They have taken no responsibility, done nothing to help during this very stressful situation their valet employee put my fiance and I in during our first visit to Vegas. We were left with nothing but the clothes on our backs. No one from hotel management bothered to check on us. The staff rarely cleaned our "upgraded" room. We had to find our own way back home to AZ at the end of our trip. I will never stay at this hotel and hope no one ever has to go through what we went through. No amount of money is worth saving to book with his careless, pathetic excuse for a hotel. We are still waiting to hear back from their traveler's insurance company. Since they are dragging their feet on trying to compensate us for extra unplanned out of pocket costs and all the time and stress we are now having to deal with, we are getting a lawyer to help fight our case. They are not getting away with this!!! Negative zero times infinity to El Cortez hotel. You should all be ashamed of yourselves.  I will be reporting this to all and any social media site including thei local news and the BBB.
4	I used to only park at the El Cortez when going to Fremont East (see my earlier review), but last year I moved out of my house and needed a home base for 4-5 days, so I stayed at El Cortez.  It was probably the cheapest hotel in downtown, and the first room I got made me see why.It was an old and dirty room with a door that didn't have a good seal, so it made noise anytime someone else opened or closed a door on my floor.  Also, there was an old tube TV even though the hotel's web site showed a flat screen.  I believe that was the Vintage Room.After going down to the hotel lobby and showing them their own web site, I was upgraded to a Tower Room.  The second room they gave me did not have a flat screen so they moved me again.  Apparently they were still going through renovations.Once the room situation was sorted out, I was pretty happy.  Rooms were upgraded from what they used to be and was a great value for around $20-30/night.  I'll likely be staying there again when I head back to Vegas during the week.  Great value.
3	Went to brunch at the El Cortez Cafe with my stepmom and aunt when then were visiting Vegas. It's definitely an older casino, so it's a little smelly and dingy. The service was pretty good, and the food was delicious with very generous portions. I had the french toast with strawberries, and it was perfect! Our server was attentive but didn't hover. I cleaned my plate, and when she was clearing them, she told me Good Job! Never heard that before. It definitely made us smile. :)
2	Here's the deal - we are locals and like to support locally owned establishments. We starting going to the El Cortez a few years ago, on occasion. We have enjoyed the fact that they sometimes have live music. The Elvis impersonator is fantastic, but it's hard to know when he will be playing, as the schedule often changes. My husband likes blackjack and they still have some $5 tables. I like to play 3-Way Action video poker. They have 5 or 6 of these machines. I have won a few jackpots on these, so when hubby wants to play I am happy to go along, just to play these machines. Well, after last night I will NEVER go there again. About 6 weeks ago we visited and ALL of the 3-Way Action poker machines were "out of service." I asked a supervisor why and was told they were being held for some people on their way in from California. It was late afternoon. He did not know when they would arrive. I asked if he would unlock just one until they got there and I was emphatically told no. So, we left.  Last night we visited again. One was "out of service" and all the others were occupied by people who looked like they were there all day - plastic bags full of junk food. Chairs up against the machines while they wondered around. Dirty tissues and ashes everywhere. Again, I asked a casino supervisor if I could play one of the machines. He told me they were "reserved" for the people there and that when they went to eat they were put "out of service" until their return. He said his "boss" told him that he could not disturb these people and no one else could play there. They were playing very low stakes. I don't get it. And, they won't get any of my money again.Don't waste your time at this place. Rude. Stupid.
2	You know, for the price, this isn't a dump.  If you're looking for something cheap and acceptable, this is it.  However, what I really didn't like was the deception.  That's why I'm dinging them down to two stars.I booked this through expedia, and the Website clearly stated that there were no resort fees, just $45 total for two weeknights.  Okay, no resort fees.  So on check-in, I asked what the final rate would be."We can't tell you, because you booked this through expedia," she said.  "They don't give us any numbers."Okay, all right.Then upon checkout, they charge a $20.22 resort fee for two nights.  WTF?!  That brought the total for two nights up to $65.  Okay, so that's still a good rate.  But why deceive us?This is an old hotel, and it shows.  It didn't disgust me.  The room was clean.  There were some small problems.  I had a problem with the shower when it suddenly went cold on me.  And for some reason, they don't put blankets on the beds, only sheets, and it took me a couple hours to figure out how to turn down the A/C.  Small things.But hey, they had free wifi and all the cable I could consume.  I felt safe in the parking lot because they have some pretty strict guards making sure that everybody who comes into the lot has a room key.  So I used the El Cortez as home base to do business away from downtown.When I did stay downtown, it was fine.  At 2 am, I saw a couple hookers, and even one walking into the hotel, but during the day, it was nice to take a stroll down the Fremont Experience, which is just a block away.
1	SCREW THIS PLACE!! My boyfriend and I decided to stay here for the night, we are locals and were just looking for a little staycation.  the hotel was rundown and depressing and the room felt more like a prison cell and of course the hookers. But I kind of expected it for the price we paid. None of that even bothered me. The thing that pissed me off enough to complain on the internet about was in the morning when I got my car from the valet (or better yet didn't get my car) the attendant proceeded to throw my keys at me saying "your car won't start it just clicks" as he went on with helping other people who were waiting for their cars. I had to stop him from what he was doing just to find out where exactly it was parked. When I got to my car clearly the battery had died. I then called and asked to talk to the hotel manager. I've never had trouble with the battery just giving out for no reason. My best guess is that when they took the key out try clicked it too far back and the inside lights were left on. When I talked to the manager I might as well have been talking to a computer. He took my info while I was sitting stranded in the valet parking lot. I asked what he could do to help me and he simply said "I'll have to make some call and do some research". Luckily I had a friend come to my rescue and give me a jump. 5 hours later the manager calls and says sorry I couldn't see your lights on in the camera, nothing we can do for you. Not only was I late for work because of this whole debockel my battery died again because it was so drained from whatever they did. The costumer service of this place is appalling. Downtown is trying to do a revamp, they should just give up on the old Cortez. Save yourself a bunch of annoyingness and don't even go in here
4	Hotel: stayed in a small room as we were trying to save money and it wasn't bad at all. Bed was so-so but room was clean and cozy. Casino: best roulette in LV, slots are usually pretty generous. Drinks are fairly stiff. Staff is friendly.
5	OK..We stay in Las Vegas all the time and have NEVER stayed downtown so we were a bit worried. We stayed at the El Cortez in the Suites and could not have been happier. The room was so quiet it had 2 air conditioners that worked and the drinks were cheap. Close to the downtown wildness we had the best time ever and have stayed everyplace on the strip!!!
1	This was the worst hotel I have ever seen!  After looking at their website, I was excited to see this downtown Vegas hotel.  The personnel were rude.  The lobby and casino looked dated.  When I requested to see a room, I was shocked at the appearance.  The mattress on the bed was sunk in the middle, thin, and lumpy.  The smell even made my two boys plug their noses. Thankfully travelocity was able to get me out of this hotel!!  Don't reserve a room if you haven't seen this.
1	Listen, this review is only about the late night casino floor. The bars- all of them, the diner, the cashier cage, the security, the rooms ALL exceed expectations. Story short, the elderly, African-American late night pit boss, mustache, deep voice is SUPER disrespectful. I've been here a million times and he is never cordial. Truly think he is the antithesis of what the late Jackie Gaughan represented. After this last Saturday I had to say something. The way this gentleman berated and scolded the new dealer in front of guests was atrocious. My dealer was like a scared child while the pit boss kept harassing him. I've seen him (pit boss) do this before a couple times with other newbies. The dealer was sweating and kept making mistakes seemingly out of nervousness. I found it disrespectful and distracting to the other players. The El Coretz casino floor has less and less competition with Tony Hsieh buying up everything around E Fremont. They don't have a single slot machine to compete with for blocks now! Gold Spike doesn't even have gaming anymore. The casino will do just fine either way.But they have lost me as a customer... At least for gaming.
5	free parking for locals when you plan a trip downtown all you need to do is get a players card to show the lot attendant on the weekends..!
2	Stayed at the El Cortez from 3/19-3/23 for March Madness.  This will unfortunately most likely be the last of 4 consecutive years spent at this location with all of my out of town friends.  The price is certainly right, $330 for 4 nights...it has steadily increased each year without much additional service.  I stayed in the "Pavilion Rooms" this year.  They are located directly above the garage and have direct access to an outdoor walkway.  This meant a lot of blaring music from Fremont each night until 1-2am.  The room also smelt of marijuana all day every day.  The main reason that the stay was disappointing was the March Madness "Fiesta Room" viewing party the hotel held.  I had specifically reached out to the El Cortez via Facebook prior to booking the stay to ensure they would be having their AMAZING $1 beers and dogs at the party.  They assured me that they would so I went ahead and booked the room.  We found out that this was not the case upon checking in, they had tripled the beer cost and doubled the dog cost.  Still not breaking the bank at $3/$2 but it was more about the incorrect information.  Luckily we were able to return to a previous favorite spot, Benny's Bullpen in Binions ($2.50 20 ounce Miller Lites) to spend our time and money.
2	Things have changed since I was last here. They now charge a $9 resort fee... some resort, wtf. FreeWifi but it is weak... I get better WiFi using my Freedom pop hotspot. The included WiFi was the sole reason I chose El Cortez. No poker room. Vintage rooms are above the casino and stairs only, no elevator. The room itself is okay,  but it is located on the edge of Fremont Street.
5	This hotel is awesome. It's right next to Fremont Street Experience with all its beautiful lights, casinos, live music, food and other entertainment - all within a very short 3-minute walk. It's also right next to Container Park (really cool place, make sure to check it out!) and Deuce bus stop, which takes you to the Strip and gives you a 24-hour access to all local buses for $8. When I arrived to the hotel and showed them my reservation, I was told that they were "sold out on vintage rooms" and they gave me a "free upgrade" to a tower room. Since tower rooms are considered better, I was very happy and grateful. The room was on the 5th floor and it was very big, quiet and clean. They have a Subway downstairs, where you can eat cheap and fresh food 24/7. I thought it was going to be some old dirty smelly place with a bunch of crazy people staying there, but it's actually a very decent hotel. I liked it a lot more than Stratosphere, where I had to pay 3 times as much for a smaller room in a very inconvenient location - too far to walk anywhere.
4	I like to stay at El Cortez.   1. very good rates,  for  Fremont St area,  low rates.2. new daily fees, but access to internet now which before, I would pay daily, so the daily fees washes that out.3. easy access to freeway.4. a bit smokey smell in casino,  elevators, but non smoking rooms have no smoke smell. 5. block to Fremont Experience, continues to add new storefronts to help make walk more a continuation of Fremont Experience..  (outer edge)when I go to Vegas, I stay at GN or El C.   like both.. (like GN's shark tank/pool)
1	Screw this place.. Dirty crooks.. I stayed at the El Cortez March 21-23. Upon check-in on Friday I paid my bill for the 2 nights, I was informed and VERY aware of how a deposit works when you check into a hotel. I was told by the hotel clerk this was a HOLD ONLY on my card and that the charge would fall of my cc a couple of days after I've  checked out. Well, wouldn't you know 4 days later my credit card was charged for the two nights AND the $80.00 hotel deposit. I have placed numerous calls to inquire on why i was charged a hotel deposit AFTER I have checked out of the hotel. Of course I keep  getting the run around from a bunch of morons!! I'm sorry, i know it is only $80.00 bucks, BUT it is MY $80.00 bucks. When I placed the first call to inquire about the over charges I was told the money would get refunded in 7 business days. Well,  Almost 12 business days later and I can not get anybody in management to call me back!! Beware of over charges!!
4	We stayed here for Viva Las Vagas rockabilly weekender for 7 nights for only $370! Nice decor, very clean, quiet, feels like your at condo not a Vegas hotel room!!Walking distance to all downtown bars and hotels!!! Parking is across street BUT very secure! AND actually convenient cause you don't have to walk through entire casino to get to car! Takes 2 min :-)!  There is security at parking structure entrance, at Cabana Suites building and a receptionist inside!  Highly recommend!!!
4	The El Cortez has an ongoing promotion where if you cash a check, you will receive 5% of the face value in free play.   We had an tax refund so we collected the full amount and we combined with 2 American Casino Guide $10 free play coupons.  My wife played all the free play on the single 8/5 bonus poker machine in the Parlour bar and netted us $100.
1	Didnt have a room for the first night of the trip so we settled for less.. Valet is sooooo horrible here, I come from the hood but these fools are straight crack heads parking cars.. I dont think I will stay in old down town again unless it is the Golden Nugget..Day 2 - heeellll nah!! Never staying here again.. This place is a dump and I am not a picky person at all. Glad it was only for one night. Tried to upgrade to a suite but every room was booked. Lady at the front desk tell me that these are the up to date rooms so I asked her "what did you guys update, the TV?" Glad it was only for the first night..
3	Ok so its outdated to say least understanding that its on Fremont however to know light in area's defiantly smokey in fact I someone using a mouth ventilation device like one's I seen in Asia. There are also little 25 cent's and 50 cent's slots mostly 1 cent slot machines there overall kinda out dated espic since the D is open witch I will review tom since lunch will be at Guy Fierri's new restaurant. They seemed to have a nice buffet espic offering prime rib at $9.95 witch is cheap even in AZ standards. I think maybe a upgrading in the casino floor is well overdue I probably wouldn't bring guest here to play espic after losing $100 bucks or so in abut 1/2 hr espic after playing at the plazza hotel and casino $100 bucks lasted me about 2 hrs on slot machines even had I even hit a small 1 cent price of 1,100 in pennies though lol. Anyways would be nice to lighten up the place meaning casino area, I have yet to check out rooms.
1	I'll admit that I didn't spend a full night here, but I did stay just long enough to form an opinion on the hotel.A group of friends and I came to Vegas to get crazy for a weekend, and to visit family. We decided to spend our first night here, and our second night in town with family. The room itself was okay, and seemed to be clean. You can never really tell with hotel rooms though. The room was small, and even though there were two beds, the three of us couldn't move around the room without running into someone else. After we had gotten drunk, this became even more difficult. We decided to leave the room and spend some time out on the town, but we didn't get very far. We really weren't that drunk, but security seemed to disagree. They followed my friends and I everywhere we went. It was such and uncomfortable experience! We decided to just pack our bags and go stay with family. We honestly couldn't have gotten out of there soon enough. I will always return to Vegas, but I will never return to this hotel.
5	Best low limit casino in Vegas. We stayed at the Cabana Suites across the street but it's part of El Cortez. They give you a coupon book for the casino and their restaurants. Their coffee shop is great.The Flame steakhouse was awesome (got a free bottle of wine with the coupon book).Casino floor:Full range of slot machines (including coin operated ones)$3 single deck blackjack (that pays 3:2)$1 roulette with $.25 chipsPlayed $1-$3 spread limit poker at their "poker room" but I read they got rid of it. Hopefully they will bring it back. Be advised, there is a light perfume smell they pump through the casino which may turn some people off, but it does lessen the smoke smell.
2	We booked a room in El Cortez, just for one night and I am glad we didn't make a reservation for more than a day. It is a run down casino with old furniture inside the rooms. The hotel's location is very creepy; it is located in downtown Las Vegas. Wouldn't dare to walk by myself on those streets. Don't recommend at all.
1	Horrible place they're thieves! Was are regulars downtown and would always stay at the El Cortez (im talking twice a month) until I walked in to security in my room whom had stolen a personal item out of my overnight bag. I highly recommend not staying there stay at the 4queens the dont change a resort fee!
1	This review is solely based off of the RUDE security employee I encountered.  I went to park in the garage this evening and not only did he tell me to go and then to wait and then said ma'am I did not tell you to go I need you to read my sign.  I stated that while we weren't staying there we were going to be gambling and being guests of the hotel this evening.  He was completely rude.  He did not want to hear what I was saying and as a manager in the hotel industry I would never let my employees deliver that level of service to a guest of a hotel whether they are "staying there" or not.
5	The El Cortez is a Las Vegas landmark. Old school, unpretentious gambling with reasonable minimums and good odds. I found it fun and did well at the blackjack table. I felt as if I had time travelled to the late 70s or early 80s except for the electronic slots and the blackjack detectors for the dealers. The dealers were pleasant and relaxed.I can't speak to the food or the rooms. It was definitely a down to earth and friendly crowd not touristy. It was quite smoky which also brought me back to the bad old days but I liked it. Kind like old dive cash bars.So if you want to gamble like we did a generation or 2 ago or just have a fair shot a winning a table game without wealthy person minimums this is your place. This place was owned by the early mob pioneers of casino gambling in Las Vegas going back to world war 2. If you want modern glitz and glamour along with flashy clientele this is not your place.
1	The service in this hotel was beyond bad.  There was a terrible casino boss named Bob that should not only be fired but thrown out of any service industry with a lifetime ban.   I get that this is an old hotel in the downtown area but the owners should take a look at this place and trim the fat(Bob).   Take some pride or just demolish the place already and turn it into a parking lot for Fremont street.   And if I didn't make my point yet.  FIRE BOB!!!
2	I had a non smoking floor yet we can smell the smoke in our room. Our clothes smell like it our hair. Shower was dirty. They didn't turn our phone on so I had to use my cell phone to call the front desk. I will not stay there again. I do like that it was across the street from a Thai place and a nice bar/lounge.
1	The hotel s terrible. The shower was broken, the sink was dirty.We stayed there for once one night and we were happy that we did not have to stay any longer.We had a non-smoking room but because the room was located on the second floor the smell of smoke was everywhere. All our cloths got smoked. It was a terrible experience. I do not recommend it to anyone.More over the also charge additional $10 for regular amenities.
1	The worst casino experience ever!! The rude ass valet guy wouldn't valet our car because he said we needed a players card.  Ok, so we end up getting a players card and try to valet again.  This time, the same bald valet says that "oh, that's an emerald level card, that only gets you parking garage parking.". Then, we flag down an older gentleman who has just valeted his car and we ask him what level players club card he has and he says "none." We ended up complaining and leaving.
3	I stayed at the El Cortez about a  month ago when I was in town for a friend's birthday. It's right in the middle of downtown Las Vegas - so it's really accessible if you're going to be hanging out down there. We had dinner at Park on Fremont and went to the Commonwealth and the Griffin, all are within walking (read: stumbling) distance, and the Beat coffeehouse is right next door. We valeted our car, it was complimentary (remember to tip!) and were able to check in about an hour early. Our room was on one of the higher floors and was probably around 600 square feet with two beds. The beds were very comfortable and the room was clean - I thoroughly inspect every room I ever stay in and didn't find one thing wrong other than the mini-fridge wasn't plugged in so we had to do that and wait for it to cool down. The room itself was really nothing to write home about - didn't seem updated, but it wasn't super old. The chest of drawers and bathroom could use a revamp. But we paid a pretty low rate, so I can't complain. Check-out was a breeze - we dropped our keys in the box by the front desk and wandered around for a little while longer, we took our car out of the valet at around 3:00 on the Sunday we checked out. TLDR: If you're looking for an inexpensive room while you're downtown, the El Cortez will do. It's clean, safe, in a great location, and I would absolutely stay here again.
2	It is really ridiculous for the hotel management team to ask for people to wear wrist band to enter an elevator to go to guest rooms:( really crazy. And you will need your room key touch the elevator sensor to choose which floor you want to go to. The car park is so poor as well - fist 2 floors are for their VIPs only. And no free points for new membership at their casino.
1	They didn't notify guests that memorial day weekend they would distribute wristbands for hotel room access (aka no guests other than those specified in reservations). No one can come up to say hello, no one can go up for a drink or a shower without a proper wrist band. Shady changes here!
1	Worst hotel ever.... $5 water in your room. They don't even give you a damn heads up for memorial day weekend its $25 for a wrist band to go up to your room! And its not for the whole damn weekend it per damn night. So you could imagine my irritation staying 3. I will be calling management and raising fn hell....
4	This place is a classic! I always visit this casinos when im downtown. The drinks at the bar are better than other places downtown,  the steakhouse and cafe are amazing! The rooms here are older, but clean and worth the money
2	My wife and I visited Las Vegas over Memorial Day weekend. We wanted to stay at the El Cortez, but when we were making reservations we saw that they started charging a Resort Fee/Amenity Fee. This was a deal breaker for us. As much gambling as we do, we do not believe in resort fees. We go to Vegas strictly for gambling and we used to stay here and never leave. This time we stayed at the Four Queens because they do not believe in this "resort fee" garbage. We did visit the El Cortez one day for about an hour to gamble. The staff were friendly as always and the games were good. However, we did most of our playing at our own hotel because of the convenience. If the El Cortez ever stops charging resort/amanity fees, we will definitely visit again. If not, then we probably won't.
1	I'm only giving This review a one star because It wouldn't let me give anything lessSo where do I begin?I went Memorial Day weekend for a music festival and my anniversary this year. Already booked this room way in advanced for a way cheaper price and I shown up to pay triple the price. Because there was a music festival that caters to punk rock or alternative crowd, we and anybody that was hotel guests were marginalized to where wrist bands FOR THIS WEEKEND ONLY. Not that bad you say? Well this ensures that you can't bring ANYBODY to the room with you and if you do want to, then you have to pay $25 a wrist band just to visit. YOU CANT EVEN VISIT OTHER HOTEL GUESTS IN ANY OTHER ROOM!  that's right. My friend in the floor above me can't visit me. They also had this card system to operate the elevators. In which you are subjective to the floor that your staying on. For the room itself; it wasn't bad until I tried to flip some switches. Some of the electrical didn't work. Not that big of a deal. Looked in the bathroom to find a wet towel on the tub floor. And on the sink counter, I find CRUSTY, DIRTY PANTIES! No joke! I raised hell and all they gave us was $15 food credit in which it didn't work. I keep getting harassed about the wrist bands which fall off in the shower and tried to get me to pay an additional $25 to buy a new one when they had my name was filed as a guest. I've payed $400 to be marginalized, with horrible service and didn't even care when I talked to the hotel management with no sort of compensation. This is the worst establishment that I have ever stayed at with no regard for customer service. I've felt like I was forced to wear flair and we know what party made people wear flair. I'm never staying here again and I urge anybody that is planning to stay here, gamble, eat here ect.  To find somewhere else. I know about 2 dozen people that could vouch this review and had similar experiences.
1	This Place was HORRIBLE, I am NEVER coming here againlet me run through all the reasons as to why this place will never get my business again...First off all the employees were rude, even the managers were rude when i tried to sort out all these extra fees... Fees like an extra $25 a night just so my girl friend could stay in my room with me... The hotel imposed a policy for this weekend where all guests had to wear a wrist band to show they were a guest of the hotel... We couldn't even use the elevator unless we had our key card on us... if we lost the wrist band we would have to pay another $25... ridiculous... I couldn't even bring any of my other friends who were also in town this weekend to my room to say hello or to relax, which was half the reason i got the room.When i tried to hash it out with the management in regards to these extra fees & how there was NO mention of this when making our booking, they were super rude and treated us offensively in a  "Well if you don't like it leave,"  tone of voice... However according to them we were not entailed to a refund even tho It was absurd and VERY offensive considering we spent $400 on our rooms for the weekend, aside from the extra $84 i paid for my gf to stay in the room with me...  Security guards were stations at each floor in order to check for wrist bandsWhen we were checking in another woman was also upset.. She was in town for business and was trying to set her room up as a mobile office type situation... The hotel could care less, $25 fee for every guest who needed to get into her room, regardless of how longAside for these Fees we also had to pay an amenities Fee ( for our towels, soaps blah blah blah )  when we got to our room it turns our these towels in our room were stained with blood... Disgusting... When we called for more towels they twice didn't show up then finally did for the third time...  The Toilet was also broken, needing us to refill it with water ever flush..Before check in I started gambling, but once we checked in and i was forced to deal with all this nonsense i cashed out all my chips.. There is no way i am spending my money at a place like this...  If anyone from El Cortez is reading this, try spending some of all that money you took from us and spend it on fixing up your hotel, its an embarrassmentI AM GIVING YOU ONE STAR BUT ONLY BECAUSE I CANT GIVE U ZERO
1	This was my second year staying at the El Cortez for Punk Rock Bowling on Memorial Day Weekend, and I can guarantee that I won't be back for a third.  They left a really bad impression.As other reviewers have mentioned they implemented a wristband policy just for this weekend.  Guests were given corresponding color wristbands depending on their room location with security posted 24/7 at each elevator.  I understand the hotel doesn't want 40 people staying in a single room, but the color wristbands, the security, the $25 threat if you lost your wristband, the inability to have friends over to your room for a beer before you went out to the concert gave the El Cortez a negative atmosphere.  The hotel is making at least $400 off of festival guests so it just seemed like they were nickel and diming us and it created an oppressive atmosphere.  I was half joking around that they probably installed those heart beat monitors in each room (think Volvo car security system) to monitor how many beating hearts were in each room so they could charge us accordingly.The shower head was cracked and sprayed water over the entire bathroom (over the shower curtain), I called the front desk on Friday night but as of Monday morning no one had been by to fix it.The best thing is the location, close to the festival and club shows.  It's also a little removed from Fremont Street Experience so it's not as crazy right outside.Overall, it sucks to pay $400 and be made to feel unwelcome.  If they don't want us there well we should take our hard earned money somewhere else.  I really hope word gets out and people stay away from this hotel.
1	I wish I could give this hotel a 0 stars review  but unfortunately I'm forced to give it 1. This is the 2nd and the last time I will ever stay at the El Cortez. Upon checking in I was informed that I must wear a wrist band the entire duration of my stay from thurs-tues. I checked in with 1 other person and had 1 other guest in my room arriving on sat. Once the 3rd guest arrived I was informed I must pay an additional $25 on top of the $500 I spent for my hotel stay as well as an additional $55 for an amenities fee AND a $125 deposit for my room. Are you freaking kidding me? I wasn't allowed any guests in my room not even to stop by and say hello if they didn't have a wristband. There were security guards standing by the elevators that were incredibly rude and aggressive and I felt like I was in a prison instead of being on vacation. The room I was in was dirty and had a correctional facilities type of window as well an early 90s box tv. The shower head was cracked and sprayed water everywhere. Half of the electrical outlets didnt work. They offered bottled water with the room for $5 piece. Get it together El Cortez! With all the Nickle and diming you do at check in you could at least make the rooms decent and do a little upgrading. Regardless of how terrible the room actually was. I will not be returning to the El Cortez next year for my yearly vacation due to the whole wrist band fiasco. Good riddance!
1	Sleeveless shirt policy in the Cafe applies to men ONLY. That is sexist. Women can wear sleeveless shirts but men can't. Also heard one of the female waitress's tell a customer "whatever" when they asked if they could have seperate checks.Terrible filtration system as the whole casino is filled with smoke. If I ever go in there again, I am going to wear a 3M face canister to block me from smelling the terrible smoke.
1	Worst hotel ever. Valet is completely rude. I was told to move my car because I was blocking traffic. you have to park in the street to check in. Booked online Hotels.com, got a good deal. Turns out I needed to pay $24.00 for valet, water and other things. To have guest in the room it's $25 a night per person.Oh and you need a wristband or else you can't go in your room. If you loose the wristband it's $25 to get a new one per night.Never again
1	Front desk took FOREVER to check me in even though I already had purchased my reservation online. Then, each additional person (even visitors) had to pay a fee ($28) just to go to the room! You have to wear a wristband to get to your room as well, if you lose it, that's another $28. You also cannot visit other people staying in the same hotel if they have a different wristband! This was one of the most ridiculous things I've ever heard of. To top it all off the room was well below average. I urge you to do yourself a favor and pay an extra $10-$20 and stay somewhere better! I upgraded to the stratosphere for $15 extra a night and WOW what a difference!
1	Rude unhelpful staff, difficult parking, actual rooms are across the street in another building (which they don't tell you,  they just just let you wander the casino till you get in line again) Seriously ready to drive back to Los Angeles or maybe find a motel 6... It might be classier
1	Never staying at this place again. Got 2 Tower Queen Rooms with several of my friends for EDC weekend. We were unaware that we had to pay for wristbands for guests, but the problem is that they only gave us 4 wristbands total despite the fact that there were 4 people staying in each room (which we put online). THIS SKETCH@SS HOTEL DIDN'T EVEN SEND US EMAIL CONFIRMATIONS TO CHECK so we ended up having to pay $25 per extra person per night. Rooms were relatively clean but smelled like horse crap. They were "non-smoking" but one of the rooms smelled like a tobacco shop. ***They use security to check wristbands and they even block off the second floor stairs to prevent people from sneaking up. I tried to go up the stairs to enter my room but was stopped by security and was told that the stairs were for "executives only". Sorry, I wasn't born yesterday. The sign CLEARLY says that there is a beauty salon on the second floor, and when I told the security that who "escorted" me downstairs, they shut up. Also, they don't put up any barricades for normal weekends, it was just for EDC. They also discriminate based on if you look like you were going just for EDC, since a lot of older customers were not required to get a wrist band. TL;DRWorst place I have ever stayed at. Rooms are not worth the price (gross rooms). Staff does not seem to know policies. Security and staff are EXTREMELY RUDE. They charge $25 per night for extra guests, but swindle you by giving you less than the amount of guests staying per room. Security will tell you portions of the hotel are for "executives only" when they are obviously public (I saw non-EDC goers go up the second floor).
2	Old dusty shithole that charged me $8 for a Stella. Nothing here worth a second look. Pass on this place.
2	Very old place and you can't even get a drink at a decent price, we paid $8 a Stella Artois...On Tap! BS! Don't bother going.
3	Its dirt cheap and comfortable I got a great rate. They really need to update the TV's I get it they want people on the casino floor not in the rooms but seriously we live in the  year 2014 and you can't even buy a TV that old anymore. Those that gamble will gamble but others that just want a little peace want to be able to relax in their rooms after a long day. Over all it was a good value in comparison to other hotel casino's nearby and I would return.
1	If I could give less that one star I would. The staff was extremely rude. We checked in and had to be moved due to a major leak that was flooding the room. Then they were rude to my fiance when he went to request service in the room. When they moved us and put us in a room smaller than the original one with a view of the AC unit. Upon checking out they charged us a $30 resort fee per day when it was advertised at only $20. Then when I asked for a discount because of the room change and leak the front desk lady treated me terribly rude and said that the issue had been resolved and she would not help us. She also said the up charge of $10 a night was tax on the $20.. last time I checked tax was not that steep. I travel all the time and have never experienced a hotel with worse customer service.
1	If I could give no stars I would! Our room wasn't even ready when we got there two hours after check in. The staff was unapologetic and told us we had to wait for it to be cleaned. This was after we already waited for 10 minutes, with a child that cannot be around the machines. After they finally got us a room, we were getting dressed to enjoy the rest of our day that we had left (after 4pm) and a maid walked in on me naked!! and said that the room wasn't clean. I called the manager and he said "okay", like what's your point? Then proceeded to accuse me of lying!! saying I called for the maid, when I had only been in the room for 5 minutes!!I cannot believe how rude the staff was and unaccommodating after such a serious thing happened. I work in customer service and if one of my employees walked in on a customer getting dressed I would have been overly apologetic. I got an "Okay" and accusations. Don't stay here!!
1	WORST HOTEL STAY OF MY LIFE!  AVOID Hell Cortez Hotel!I travel a lot and complain very little but this hotel and their management team are both falling apart.  I had my room packed up and moved on night 2 of my 3 night stay without my consent while at a family gathering.  The El Cortez Hotel security who handled moving my bags took the liberty of looking through all my bags including confidential files in my briefcase.  My mother was also staying at El Cortez Hotel with me  (separate room) and when her A/C went out the staff refused to move her to a new room.  It took me a hour with the front desk to get her in a new room and she likely would have remained in a scorching hot room without A/C had it not been for me wiping my fangs out with management! RUN RUN RUN!  EVEN IF YOU CAN GET A GROUPON FOR $10 DONT DO IT!!!!THE WOST EVER
1	This is a review of the casino not the hotel.I didn't stay in the hotel (thank god) but if their rooms look anything like the casino then this is where you go to die.Casino is rather small compared to other casinos in the luxurious downtown area. As soon as I walked in I was slapped in the face with cigarette smoke and old Vegas ass. I could not get past the smell in the casino. Muggy and smelled old. Played slot machines and I noticed a lot of ash trays with cig butts not emptied, no cocktail hosts walking around, the tables had virtually no one. Yeah after 20 mins in this hole I left. In need of some serious renovations. It screams "shady pines" in there.
5	I had a last minute stay and was very impressed. although the machines didn't pay me out as well as I'd hoped (as with every other place) the bar service, table dealers and management were friendly, food was reasonably priced and delicious.  Srvice at the bar, cashier cage and hotel check-in were stellar, however service at the Subway was so bad I had to call management, leave the casino, and eat elsewhere. other then that my stay was fantastic, and I look forward to my next visit!
4	$1 Roulette buy in? Yes, yes, yes!!! My group of friends had so much fun playing roulette and throwing back bloody Mary's. This was possibly the most fun I ever had gambling. Only complaint is they won't give you a double vodka and cran, soda, oj,... Other hotels will so I don't get what the problem is. Luckily the cocktail server came by frequently. I don't have any experience with the rooms at the hotel but the gaming is fun. I seriously can't wait to go back to Vegas to play some more roulette. (Responsibly of course).
4	I really like the El Cortez for gaming. I think it's one of the loosest casinos downtown. It has an old Vegas nostalgic feel. If you are going to stay here though, upgrade to the cabana suites across the street. They are way nicer than the tower rooms.
3	I stayed here 3 nights and my first impression was not really good.There was no elevator to go to the second floor and the toliet paper sits on the back of the toliet and I thought that this could only get worse but The food in the cafe was cheap and well prepared .The casino was as clean as any on the strip.I would stay here again .It is only 1 minute from the famous Freemont Street.They still use coins in some of the slot machines.I would hope that they do keep making improvement .This is a very good old school casino and that is what I like about it.
4	Rooms in the tower are really pretty. Character comfort and the shower head delivers a soothing spray "nice head!" 4th floor even gives good views with ability to open window a few inches to get a lil bit of outside or break from ac. Old style writing bureau and funky Polynesian themed couch with matching table all are nice touches. Clean and with an assortment of toiletries the Cortez is on a par with a much higher priced sub-Saharan hotel. And for those nostalgic fiends out there you can use quarters in the casino with rows and rows of bucket-wielding tranches of humanity sitting perched on chairs dinging and rustling their way to fortunes untold, or not as the case may be. But of course we ll never know cos as the adage goes: what happens in El Cortez costs a fraction of what it does elsewhere. Or something like that. You feel me?
5	good place to get your duck sick.
3	Was here on Sun/14 Sep about 2:30 pm with my Cali buddy:- Neither of us were impressed with the decor or offerings.  I was there really to pick-up their players card because I read somewhere that with it you can park for free at the El Cortez.- In Fremont East there's a dearth of casinos, so El Cortez and Downtown Grand are the only decent options when not boozing it up (Don't Tell Mama, Griffin, Beauty Bar) around there.- Golden Gate and The D continue to be my favorite downtown casinos.
3	Ok hotel if you are low in budget. I liked the location in downtown as it is very close to the Fremont experience which I found more enjoyable than the strip if you are looking for free events and cheap stuff not to mention avoiding the hustle of the strip.The hotel reception will try to take advantage of you if you booked online thru third agent by claiming that you booked smoking room or give you two beds instead of king. What I did is just kept asking them to show me the confirmation page they got from Expedia and I also asked for the manager, after giving them hard time I was able to avoid the extra charge but they still made me paying service fee.You will be amazed of the amount of senior citizens on this hotel and I believe the reason it is so cheap to gamble on this hotel. I found it convenient that they have 24 hrs Subway inside the hotel and the drinks are reasonably priced.
3	Decent Hotel, Very Nice Funky Old Vegas Style Building and Decor; Authentic Old Town Vegas Flavor!My review is only for the hotel part of the business, since I have no interest in gambling/gaming, nor do I drink, and so I cannot rate the casino or the bars in the casino. And, my hotel review is only for the Pavilion rooms, for my entire 8-day stay was in a non-smoking Pavilion room. The Pavilion rooms are located on the far eastern end of the old main building, and are located on the 5th floor of the parking garage.If you have never stayed in this hotel before, I will tell you that the hotel offers hotel rooms in at least four, or possibly five, entirely distinct sections of the hotel, and the Pavilion room section is only one of those sections.First, I've gotta tell you that I love staying in the Old Town section of Vegas, even though I do not gamble, nor drink, nor smoke, and I chose the El Cortez for my stay during this visit because my previously-favorite Old Town hotel, the Gold Spike, closed in early 2013 and is currently being remodeled and re-purposed. I love the El Cortez because it is a very old hotel, and because it stays true to much of the old-time value, style, flavor and atmosphere that is totally lacking in venues to be found on The Strip.I found my non-smoking Pavilion room to be totally satisfactory. I never smelled the slightest whiff of cigarette smoke while in the room or the hallways, and the room was spacious, clean and very comfortable. If you do not like cigarette smoke, please be forewarned that the ONLY way to access the elevator to the 5th floor Pavilion rooms, unless you are coming from the parking garage (which would only occur if you had just parked your car in the garage below), is via the smoke-filled casino on the ground floor, and the casino area (and also the cafe and bar sections) is quite smoky.The food at the cafe located on the ground floor is quite good, but the cafe gets overly crowded at dinnertime, and so I learned to avoid it after 5 PM. There is also a Subway franchise located inside the casino area on the ground floor, in the NW corner, and this outlet serves very good breakfast sandwiches, even at odd times such as 4 AM or 5 AM (I get to bed early and I wake up early each morning. ....).Incidentally, I found all the staff at this hotel, from front desk clerks, to security guards, to parking lot attendants, to be uniformly friendly and helpful, and very courteous!BTW, this hotel does NOT allow pets in the rooms, and they make this fact clear on their website. I mention this only because a young hippie-type guy had snuck what seemed to be a small dog into his room across the hall from me, and he was then promptly and gently evicted by hotel security when they learned that he had a pet in his room. I learned of this only because I happened to walk down the hall to empty my garbage pail while the eviction was going on. I have no idea why the young man in question had bothered to reserve a room at this hotel in the first place, in light of the fact that they have a clear no-pets-allowed policy, and particularly in light of the fact that there are a number of hotels in the same price range in the Old Town area that do offer some hotel rooms where pets are allowed (albeit perhaps for a small pet fee each night). In fact, a quick search on Google shows that there are at least 83 hotels in Las Vegas that allow pets, and a good number of these hotels are in the same price range as the Pavilion rooms at the El Cortez. Of course, I am preaching only to the choir here, for I would need the fingers on both hands to count the number of times that I have stayed in other hotels (particularly Holiday Inns) across the US that had strict no-pets-allowed policies, only to hear the meowing of "ghost cats" from other rooms at all hours of the day and night!In closing, yes, I would definitely. and strongly, consider staying in this hotel again if and when I need to stay in the Old Town area of Las Vegas.One final word of warning for non-smokers like myself: if you are planning to reserve rooms at this hotel, DO NOT reserve a non-smoking room in the Vintage Room section (which is the least expensive tier of rooms), because these rooms are located just above the casino floor, connected by an open stairwell, and thus a certain amount of cigarette smoke will end up in the hallways of the Vintage Room area, and likely also likely even in the non-smoking rooms. Rather, choose a non-smoking room in the Pavilion section, or one of the (fancy) Tower sections, or in the Cabana section.
3	Booked on hotels.com while driving into Vegas.  I wasn't happy with the added fees once i was checking in, and the front desk representative wasn't at all nice about them - in fact he was kind of combative.  Having just driven cross-country, all I wanted to do was get in the room.  It took him another 15 minutes of dealing with a different situation before handing me a key, which wasn't programmed right and I had to get back in line again after riding the elevators with my luggage.  By then the dining room had shut down main service and my best option was Subway.  Yikes.  On the flip side, the slots were loose which was the saving grace because getting a cocktail server was akin to Hally's comet... they come by every 75 years.   On my final day I hit the restaurant again, but was told they were out of most things on the menu  (potatoes, chicken, salad, etc).  Not sure why they handed out a full day menu if they could only manage brekkies.   My room was big but stank of smoke, even though it was non-smoking.  The steakhouse was closed and the bars were lame.  On the flip side, the gaming was fun and so were the casino staff and patrons.  This could be a gem if they polished things up just a bit more.  Otherwise it was hit and miss.  It lacks leadership/management.
2	The room: I stayed in a tower room, which was very spacious with dated decor. The room was clean, and I didn't have any "surprises" in the room at all. The mattresses are not the most comfortable and the pillows were flat in the middle because they are long pillows, and people often fold those in half to double them up. I liked the fact that there were complimentary water bottles in the room, and the mini fridge was convenient. Overall, the hotel experience was good.The reason I am giving the hotel a mediocre review is because of their business practices on the weekend of the Life Is Beautiful festival. When I checked in, there was a little sign sitting on the front desk, saying that any additional guests would cost $25 per room per night and would need to wear a wristband (as if we didn't have enough of those to wear) in order to have access to the room and elevators. Many hotel guests were unhappy about this, and we all pretty much agree we'd rather stay at the other hotels on Fremont next year and not pay the stupid fee. Then I did a little digging and have found other reviews that say that this practice actually happens quite often--whenever there is a holiday weekend for instance. One of the main reasons I often get hotel rooms on Fremont is so that me and friends can have as much fun as we want, and drink as much as we like and nobody has to even think about driving because the flexibility is there. Unnecessary fees for additional guests ruins the flexibility and adds an additional hassle. I don't understand what El Cortez is thinking, but I will certainly never return there to do business with them because I'm never going to pay that fee and I have the choice to just walk over to any other hotel and pay less for a room, bypass a fee, to keep myself and my friends safe and off the road. If El Cortez really wants to capture the twenty-something demographic that frequents Fremont Street every weekend, they need to stop trying to swindle their hotel guests.
4	Normally I would give this place 3 stars but for the low price we payed, I bumped it up to 4. We really enjoyed our stay here!  It was conveniently close to the downtown Fremont area. We were able to walk over there without feeling like we might not make it back alive.  Our room was very quiet (we stayed in one of the tower rooms) and clean. The only problem was that the toilet was a little slow to flush and the sink was a little slow to drain.  I liked that you couldn't even access the elevator without your room key/card and it would only take you to the floor you're staying on. They have a casino downstairs along with a 24 hour cafe that was delish!  The staff was nice enough considering they are probably a little jaded after working in the hotel/casino business for a long time. Most of the players in the casino were either very old or didn't look like they were quiet on the up and up.  But hey, isn't that what a bulk of the fremont area filled with anyways?  We will definitely be staying here again for music shows or a cheap vegas weekend.
1	This review is based solely on the main casino bar and the one bartender (short older bald white guy. Forgot his name). Sorry its so long but this needs to be known to other guests.My friends and I stopped by there for a drink on Halloween night. We all work in some sort of service industry and we went in knowing that they were gonna be fucking busy which was completely fine with us since the drinks are so cheap there. We waited very patiently at the corner of the bar. There were 2 bartenders, one on each side, and then a 3rd one came on to help but stayed on the opposite side. The bartender on our side started w the group next to us and then worked his way down the bar which took almost 15min but was still fine with us cause we knew we would be next when he comes back around. But instead he worked his way back up and stopped at the group right next to us.At that point I was getting very irritated. When he finished the groups order he moved on to the group next to them. That's when I yelled out "excuse me sir can you help us?" And NOTHING. So I yelled out again "ARE YOU JUST GONNA IGNORE US?....HELLO??!!?" Nothing again. Straight up silence. Then the other 2 bartenders come to our side to get some glasses or something so then I ask them if they can help us cause their coworker is ignoring us and one of em just said "sorry man not our side." So at that point I'm furious. I literally start yelling "Excuse me SIR. SIR. SIR. HELLO!!!!! HELLO SIR!!!" He then comes up to me and yells "You need to stop yelling" and I reply with "why are you ignoring us then? We've been here patiently for 15min! You're being so fucking rude!"  Then the other bartender yelled out Happy New Years so the other side started cheering which over powered my yelling so we left. The group that came up next to us left also cuz they saw that he was ignoring us. I've never ever ever yelled at any employee at any establishment before. I have spoken my mind though to employees that I feel are doing something really wrong as an employee but never yelled. But then again I've never been ignored like that. I wouldve even appreciated him yelling at me saying something like "Hey! I'm really busy here, I'll get to you when I can." At least I would've been acknowledged. I'd still be annoyed he yelled at me lol but I would've never yelled at him like that cause I know what its like to be busy and have someone yelling at you like hurry up.  I would never ever in my position ignore a guest like that.I went straight to complain to the food and beverage manager. We described the bartender to her (cause I forgot his name) and she said he was one of their better workers. I can tell she thought we were just drunk parties complaining bout waiting a couple minutes. But I explained to her that we understood they were busy and we were fine waiting. Its when we started being blatantly ignored when I started getting upset and started yelling to get some sort of reaction from the guy. She said she would handle it after she finished what she was doing cause she was busy. We said OK but we were already over it. That took bout 30min away from our night and we just wanted to continue drinking and partying. Maybe he's a nice guy and a good worker but for whatever reason he completely ignored us. Maybe he didn't like our black and white face make up. Iono. I'll probably even come back for drinks cuz they're so cheap. I just wonder if I'm the first person to experience that. Hopefully I am. And if not then I hope the management team handles his attitude towards guests cause he will definitely cause them to loose money and receive bad reviews like this one.
3	at the end of the Fremont Street Experiance, clean, older room, furnishings, and bathroom fixtures. King size bed and pillows very comfortable. Had a desk as well as a sofa. View of the Stratosphere, but be warned on this side of hotel the thumping music from the nightclub on the corner blares until 3 am. It's loud enough that the bass rocks your room. The tv turns itself back to the hotel page about every 30 minutes so if you are in the middle of watching something expect it to cut off. The in room WiFi is a joke, connections are terrible like 1bar. Slow loading and this too cuts itself off constantly where you have to keep logging in. I got frustrated enough to just use my personal hotspot. Toilet needed to have float valve replaced as it would run constantly and loudly if you didn't jiggle the handle after every flush. Casino small but nice and friendly staff. Free shuttle back to airport is nice.. Special thank you to Jeff the limo driver as he made a point to run after me at airport to return a $5.00 bill I dropped while tipping for the ride. Honesty pays he got to keep the extra, nice to know honest folks are still around.
1	Piss poor accommodations and was double charged for the room- when I brought it to their attention the attendant argued with me that they didn't. When I pulled up my bank statement he brushed me off to the side and said I had to wait for the manager, but made no attempt to get her.. Then they made some bs excuse- no apology nothing. Horrible place!!!!
3	One of the older hotel casinos in the downtown area, excellent parking ramp connected to the casino. Normally I stay at the Vegas club which is closed on Fremont Street. My room rate at the Vegas club was between $11 dollars and sixteen dollars a night,  at the El Cortez my best rate was $29 per night. I do gamble and I expect comps from the pit boss and the Casino host. I do request tickets to shows, free dinner, my room comped due to my play. (I have received more than two to three times the comps off the Edgewater Casino in Laughlin compared to this casino. I will be taking my bankroll to the Edgewater in Laughlin from now on. I did submit a review of the Edgewater Hotel Casino ) This hotel is one of the most reasonable priced rooms in downtown Las Vegas. I found the rooms to be clean and the atmosphere down on the main gambling for safe and friendly.
4	Great location for gambling! Its cheap for the Roullete $25 chips and $1 minimum bet! If you do or do not want to spend a lot, here is the place! Great cocktail service! And good people!
4	The El Cortez is my Favourite place to Gamble in Downtown Las Vegas!  Cheap Roulette starting at $1 a bet make the night fun and interesting. Great place to gamble.
4	Had a blast with friends.  Cool graveyard bartenders.  Think it's weird bartenders are not permitted to free pour.  Kinda bonkers.  Lost all my loot at roulette.  Def will go back after my 30 days of no gaming when I get outta work with my team at 5am and we're drinking....
1	I cant give this place less than 1. We paid our bar tab in cash. Left a cash tip. Then security came to tell me to go to my room. I showed them my room key and told him we paid, our tip was still sitting on the bar. I then told security we werr leaving hotel to go to get breakfast. Security then got on their cell to get further instructions? ??  While  I realize its past 5am, b ut i am in complete control of my faculties, Wtf? ??? Officer Rooney told me what could i do about it?   I can leave a nasty review. Its bullshit when you get harassed for being a paying customer! !!! I am completely irate at the treatment of a good customer. I still have to go back and sleep in that bed, i would honestly rather not.
5	Return visit on comps earned for room, gambling ( free play) and food. You can't find  better food than at the dining areas in the El Cortez. My room on the 14th floor was wonderful again clean fresh towels and updated decor. The  casino Host again exceeded my demands for a comp room and plenty of free food. The liver and onions at  the coffee shop is like my mom, tender with plenty of onions. Another one of my favorite places to eat when I'm on a trip.
3	I am puzzled as to why this is my first review of the El Cortez considering I have been making visits to this hotel and casino for the last 15 years. I used to stay here on Vegas trips even before I moved here from Los Angeles. I have always liked the old school and dingy charm of it. I have seen the rooms before and after the renovations they have made throughout the years. I have stayed in all of the room types they have to offer even the Sister property Cabana Suites across the street.The renovations they have made have been simple and clean in my opinion. I mean to renovate and make the rooms contemporary and modern would just not fit the atmosphere and feeling of the El Cortez.I like that they now have flat screen tvs on the walls, a lot better than the old school fat boxed TV's from back in the day they used to have.The beds are comfortable and the linens and bedding are simple and clean. After a long wild night of romping I really got a good night sleep in the king size bed we had.This was a free stay-cation all comped however I have stayed before and paid and still find it worth it.I love the old laid back feel of this hotel and casino. I have always been a fan and most likely will always be.
1	I would rate them a zero but that's not an option here so let me go ahead and rant. I booked a stay through Orbitz for one night Dec. 29-28, then a few days later wanted to extend the stay and used hoteltonight for Dec. 30-31. Upon check-in, (8-9pm) I asked the supervisor, Gural Sihng, (sp?) if it would be possible to keep the same room for both nights and he said, "No, it's a totally different room." I then asked if we could stay on the same floor at least and he replied curtly, "No." He handed me the room keys and stared at me like he was Ebenezer Scrooge and I was begging him for spare change.I asked him when I should check-out and check-in for the next day and he said, "You have to leave by noon but your next room won't be ready until 2pm." Then, the "why are you making me do my job stare" comes back on his face by which point I was too tired to argue and left for my room. When I reached the elevator only one of the two key cards worked! I came back down stairs and waited 20' to get a replacement key card because the 1 attendant at the desk was busy and the supervisor was nowhere to be found.The rooms are old and dingy. The carpet smells moldy and the couch gave me an awful rash. The beds aren't bad but the room is tightly packed with too much furniture like a garage sale of mismatched items. The room was nonsmoking and yet, the smell of cigarettes from the early 20's still haunt it. The next day, I checked in at 3:30pm, well after the time the room was supposed to be ready and the attendant asked me to wait another half hour because the room isn't clean yet. I walked around the lobby searching for a place to sit down and ended up waiting in the bathroom because slot machines are for those who are playing and I wasn't about to grab a drink in the middle of the afternoon no matter where I am. Half an hour past, and I came back to the desk extremely irate. I asked if there were any accommodations they could offer for my ordeal and here comes my favorite supervisor again. I told him that he had been rude to me the night before and that I had to wait well past my check in time promised both on the confirmation email and straight from his mouth and he responded, "I was rude to you? How was I rude? It's a busy time of season and everyone has to wait." I told him about the attitude he presented the night before and the lateness of the room again and he quickly responds, "We can give you a fun book, it has $5 free play and coupons, and began to fill out my name on the voucher. He finishes writing throws it into my room key holder and for the third time throws me that "I wish I could freeload off my parents so I could stay in their basement and not work to earn my keep" look. I decided then and there, NEVER to stay here again. I can't imagine the type of training involved for this person to have reached supervisor position but I'm sure it was lacking in every sense of the words "customer service." He was rude, careless, and didn't seem to value the fact that my bookings were paying his wage. I will not only choose other hotels for all future Vegas visits but I will make sure to convince any and all willing to listen to never stay here either. I will be like the tobacco lobbyists on Capitol Hill advocating avoidance of the El Cortez.Not even if they offered me complimentary stays and a manservant to carry out my every whim for the rest of my days would I ever want to gaze upon the visage of that so-called supervisor again.
1	On 12/9 I booked a "super suite" at the Cabana Suites for a friend's first time in Vegas, nearly a month in advance - but when we went to check-in on 1/6, front desk staff attempted to give us a completely different room at the main El Cortez property without warning or explanation. Apparently the norm is to oversell rooms, then attempt a bait 'n switch - and their only recourse was to apologize profusely, which was extremely infuriating as they refused to answer any of my very direct (and completely valid) questions as to why this occurred. The room we eventually settled on was actually extremely nice & modern (a jacuzzi suite) - but they tried to tell me it was valued at "$400" when it had truthfully been only $50 more than the desired room at the time I originally booked (I know because we almost considered that instead, but wanted the more modern boutique hotel experience).  Sadly, the room = awesome (and if the online photos did it justice I'd have booked it originally instead, maybe it was because I was only looking at the mobile site but it looked to me as if they'd not been renovated in 20+ years - when I mentioned this observation the employee helping us, he declined to correct me or 'sell me' on the new room aside for flaunting it's alleged 'value'); the customer service of the two front desk employees (one of whom very much appeared to be the supervisor) = laughably abysmal. Their complete non-grasp of anything remotely resembling customer survive was downright embarrassing, to say they should be fired might be harsh or drastic - at the very least these staff should be retrained or moved to other departments. I can't imagine a scenario where I'd be back, I'd been wanting to check out the Cabana Suites since they opened - but if you have no guarantee of what you're getting, that'd be pretty stupid. No business that wants repeat customers would operate this way, so I can only ass-u-me they just prey on desperate tourists as further questionable practices.
