5	Charlotte Hounds games are fun for everyone!  A great way to start your Saturday nights.  Professional lacrosse is non-stop action and fun.  Check it out.
5	Hounds games are a BLAST.  Very fun atmosphere.  Great way to hang out with friends and family on Saturday evenings.  Even if you want to go out after the game it's a great experience.  Tailgating is encouraged, big crowds and win or lose the fans have fun.  Even if you're not a lacrosse fan I suggest checking it out!  Tickets are very affordable too.Go Hounds!
5	After attending every home game for the inaugural season for the Charlotte Hounds, I'm astounded by how much fun it is to have an MLL team in the QC. Not only has the management and staff put up an amazingly competitive starting lineup, but also an extremely palatable experience for fans and supporters. Taking charge of an oldy but goldy stadium like American Legion Memorial is no small task. This home for the Hounds couldn't be better. Sure, it needs a good spit shine, but with a backdrop of Uptown and a killer southern sunset, you can't go wrong. With or without the win. The players are incredibly gracious to the fans. Always willing to hype up the crowd after a goal, even if they were down by 5. Willing to sign autographs for the kids after the game and even lead clinics/motivational talks with young players. These guys are making a big difference in the Charlotte Lacrosse scene. One of the biggest draws is for the kids. Such a great experience for families with young players. Also, with ticket prices are so low, that anyone can really enjoy a game without having to worry about finances. The stadium seats are so easily accessible and there really isn't a bad seat in the house. Great job on this, guys!So proud to have these guys in the QC! Release the Hounds!
5	Never watched Lacrosse until August of 2012.  That is when my son and I attended our first Hounds game.  We are season ticket holders this year and it is a great way to spend a Saturday evening with him.  The value cannot be beat and the games are a blast win or lose.  #ReleaseTheHounds
3	Nothing to do on a summer night? Head out to a Hounds game. Prices are cheap - certainly more so than about any other sports team in the area, and most nights you'll get to hang out with a bunch of other folks and see and be seen.The only problem? While lacrosse may be an up-and-coming sport, it's in the same boat as soccer when it comes to being a spectator: It just isn't that great to watch. That isn't to say that these guys don't play hard, because they do. But since there just isn't much to do other than hang out and watch them run around, and occasionally score, the best thing to do at a Hounds game is to socialize and enjoy a nice summer evening.Also, huge kudos to the Hounds for making use of Memorial Stadium. Have to love that this oldie isn't going to waste, or even worse, being demolished to make use for some new development that may never even happen.
