4	This is a review for the West Las Vegas Library Theatre.  The theatre is similar to those at several libraries in Clark County.  It is a proscenium stage with seating for approximately 200.I have been to the theatre several times because this is the home for the Las Vegas Contemporary Dance Theatre which generally has two shows per year--a spring and fall show.The lobby for the theatre is somewhat small, but it's sufficient for the size of the theatre.
3	As I'm seating in the African American Special Collection Center doing some studying/research, I decided that I should give this place a review. I like to be in the African American Special Collection section because it's a quite spot in the library where my favorite comfortable seats near an outlet so you can do homework. The library, as a whole, is small, but the staff are very friendly and everything seems quite organized. Plus, wi-fi accessible.There always seems to be some events popping out for the community and they do have theater next door which makes you want to check out when they have a show.
5	This library is huge!What I love about it is that upstairs its dedicated to the little ones.My girls love it and their furniture is comfortable.I would recommend this library for the youngsters
4	Yelp 100 Challenge * 28/100**This review partially covers Broadway In The Hood's performance of Dreamgirls that took place Friday night.Broadway fans, stay tuned and look forward to future productions put together by Broadway In The Hood. I feel the need to get word out there over the quality of their performance, which deserves to be taken out of a relatively small theatre and out into places like the Smith Center or other bigger venues. On top of it being free, we got to enjoy 2 hours of professional entertainment with such an energetic cast (and thus, an energetic crowd) I swear, they were bouncing off the walls! And the vocals were out of this world! If you guys have some time today at 1:30pm, it will be their last show and tickets are distributed at the front of the theatre 2 hours before it begins. So be sure to get there early. I absolutely admire the efforts they put into the production and still find it hard to believe that they were able to round it all up in 2 months. Such a close-knit community that deserves all our support. And my opinion on the theatre itself is just as positive. It isn't exactly 'Reynolds Hall' or even 'Cashman Center' huge (probably accomodates about 100-150 or so people) therefore, an actor singing without an ear-hang microphone can rely on the microphones hung from the ceiling and still remain audible. Common theatre rules apply - no food, no drinks, no photo/video taking or else you'll be taken out. Volume and microphone to back-up balance was just right. The production I watched managed to pull off a lot of light and stage tricks which blew me away considering their lack of props and limited overall budget. I'm already excited for whatever comes next! And shoutout to the cast & crew of Broadway In The Hood. You guys ROCKED!
5	Meet with Carol and Leo who run the Young People's Library. West Las Vegas YPL was the 1st of 2 libraries in the system to implement a dedicated Homework Help Center. This center is awesome it helps children who may not get help at home with their homework (before you ask remember some children have parents who english isn't their 1st language or didn't graduate high school) so it is important in that aspect. But better than just helping kids with their homework they get tutors from UNLV who help the kids which gives the students at UNLV practical experience. But wait there's more. They get HS students who volunteer to work with children to help them with their reading comprehension while teaching the HS students work ethic and the ability to earn community service credit. But there is even more. They have 20 plus laptops available at the library for the kids to use to go on the internet to do research for their homework (no social media access, games or music) and allows them print up to 10 pages per day for free. I can't begin to say how impressed I am with Carol and her program and all the great work they do everyday. I am sure there is so much more I can't remember but I encourage everyone to contact Carol and see how you can volunteer to help this program or ensure the library by you has a similar program.We have a awesome library system here in the valley and we all should appreciate the work that people like Carol and her team do everyday.
