5	As I type this on a Monday morning I'm still full from all the delicious cookies last night.  The latest event was an intimate dinner amongst elites to celebrate the upcoming holidays.  Our hostess Danielle prepared an excellent vegan meal for us to enjoy and dessert was a cookie contest where Elites showed off their best baking skills.Before we could dig into dessert we were served a healthy dinner.  The salad was definitely a nice change from your ordinary green salad.  It was loaded with all kinds of goodies like papaya and mint and I was a fan of the salad dressing.  Next up was a stir fry loaded with vegetables and tempeh, a soy product.  I had never tried tempeh before so I had no idea what to expect but I definitely like it and it has more flavour than tofu.Next it was onto the cookie competition.  There were so many cookies and all of them were so good so picking a winner was no easy task.  I am very much looking forward to getting the recipes for these cookies in the coming days because there are a few I will definitely want to try making myself.Thanks go out to Risa for organizing another fun event, Danielle for making us such a wonderful dinner and all the Yelpers who baked cookies!
5	This was my first Yelp Elite event and my first chance to meet Risa, as well as some other great people! What a warm, lively, fun, creative and delicious way to spend a chilly Sunday night! I'm going to try to write this review without using too many exclamation marks, but that'll be a challenge. Danielle, the glowing hostess, was on fire in the kitchen! I mean, she whipped up individual stir fry plates for every single guest (and there were a lot of us), hot and beautifully presented. And, THOSE PEANUTS. Seriously - I don't even really like peanuts but I was even grabbing a handful on my way out the door despite being already painfully full. Where were they from again?? Also, it'd been a while (like many, many years) since I'd had tempeh, and I now feel like I've been missing out! I'm definitely going to go back to check out Noble Bean, our tempeh supplier for the night, housed just upstairs from Cuisine Culinaire. Who knew?! Now we do. Instead of waiting in line for stir fry, I decided to go to dessert first and sample some of the cookies brought in for the swap... and really didn't even know where to begin with those... There were sooooo many good cookies and such a variety. Thankfully I had my partner with me so that I could just take a bite of one to sample it and hand off the rest to him to finish for me. Ha! Cookies for days. What a FABULOUS idea to have a cookie swap. Everybody got to leave with something. :)Now, Cuisine Culinaire is one of over a thousand community kitchens in Quebec, so we were told, and this blows my mind! Quebec wins! It's really good to know about this place, and I hope they have a website, because it would be awesome to go back for a cooking class sometime!
5	Okay I must admit, I was a wee bit worried. Sneaking into a building on a Sunday evening, through the back door, winding through corridors, following the yelp cookie trail signs, up the elevators, more corridors... it felt like a cross scene from TV Show "Amazing Race" and some Scary movie. Let's just say that I was really glad to hear the muffled sound of laughter of my Yelper friends celebrating behind the doors of Centrale Culinaire! Upon entering, you could smell the rich fragrance of freshly roasted peanuts used in a sauce that accentuated a vegetarian stir fry dish that everyone enjoyed - so much that the plates were wiped clean! Meanwhile had the chance to stand, sit and walk around to reconnect with some familiar faces and got to meet new +1 friends (hopefully soon to be avid yelpers)!To conclude the evening, we probably all ingested more than our recommended daily allowance of sugar, butter and flour by systematically going from plate to plate, alternating between cookie and a drink, to decide which was the best cookie - but heck, it was so worth it! Others were a little bit more shrewd and dove in, like an eagle, swiping a sample of each cookie and bringing the loot back to their lair and split the cookies amongst their team. Candy canes were dropped into cups of cookie favorites and a winner was crowned! Risa, thank you for organizing this memorable evening; once again kudos for originality! And to all of my Yelper friends: Merry Christmas and Happy New Year - Hope to see you at the next event!
5	It had been a while since my last Yelp event this really made me regret not crawling out from under my rock more often! It was an evening full of discoveries: communal kitchens?! Indonesian cuisine?! Sudanese nuts?! I loved the meal we were served, but didn't expect it to be so hearty! I am a fairly conservative eater so this was one surprise after another. Every bite was delicious and fresh, and I now know I am missing peanut butter sauce in my life. But there were so many cookies to sample!I shall never pass on cookies and made it my duty to try each and every one! I still have some tucked away in the fridge!Many thanks to Danielle and Risa for the event, as well as to all the fellow Yelpers who contributed to the desert!
5	A chef and her assistant on fire, a wonderful host, great people and on top of that, amazing food and atmosphere that let you easily forget that freezing Sunday night. What else could I possibly say about that awesome event except that it really was awesome?!
5	This was a brilliant meeting of elites/cookie recipes and delicious fresh salad/stirfry by Danielle Levy.
