5	Bierex holds a special place in my heart - after moving to Edinburgh, this cool pub on the corner of Causwayside played host to one of my first nights out in the city. It is, without doubt, still one of my most regular places for a good time.A night at Bierex can be approached in two ways - by grabbing a table and chair with a malt whiskey or a pint for a chat and to watch sports on the large screen televisions, or jump up to the leather booths looking out opf the windows with a pitcher of cocktail and a bunch of friends. Either way, a great night is always on the cards.That said, Bierex isnt without its faults - drinks can be expensive unless you check out the ever changing weekly deals and the food (which is great) often takes a while to arrive.However, these problems often dont matter, as Bierex has a great atmosphere and a great sense of fun.
4	A friend of mine works here so we often pop up for food and a chat. It's one of those pubs that is more like a 'local' than your usual city bar, and it has a nice, charming feel to it. All the guys get together and have a whiskey or two while watching the sport and the girls have a cocktail while having a gossip. It doesn't get so busy that you can't move or hear yourself think which is a plus point, and it still holds a great atmosphere. I have enjoyed quite a few plates of Fish and Chips in here too, it goes down well. The rest of the food is good too and usually served promptly.In my view Bierex is best enjoyed with a group of friends and some food, perhaps on a Sunday afternoon.
3	This place was a regular spot for me at the end of my first year in Edinburgh, and after 2 years of absence it has not changed at all. This place serves pretty good cooked breakfasts- at least it tasted amazing after a night out last week. I have been to this place in the evening for a quiet pint with friends, and I do really like the booths and layout of the place.Quiet pint night did not really go as planned- so I quickly discovered their fun cocktail and shots list. There are booths to hold 5 people comfortably, larger tables and couches for larger groups as well as large TV screens dotted around the place for sports. The service is decent and their prices average.
3	When I stayed in Pollock Halls, there was serious competition between Bierex and a few local pubs. But hey, a little bit of competition is healthy, right? Wrong..Bierex is a really nice bar, nicely decorated and there is always a nice atmosphere, but there's nothing special to it. Where all the other pubs in the area are fighting with the cheapest drinks deals and offers, Bierex plays it cool in the background. I wish they would have special offers because I would definitely come here more often.It is always busy and the prices aren't too bad, but you can get an awful lot cheaper around the corner. The food is good too, your bog-standard pub food,but again, around the corner you can get the exact same with freebies thrown in. It's worth at least one visit though.
4	Bars that happily accommodate groups always seem to have the right ethos: friendly, spacious and affordable fun. Bierex happens to be one of these bars and offers some attractive booths to pile into with your chums, the odd offer on cocktails and beers to keep the deal sweet and some decent  food to lap it all up.The nearby student accommodation ensures Bierex is popular with students, after all, they are the harshest critics...so Bierex must be doing something right.
3	Bierex is a pretty good pub in Causeway but, from my experience of it, it doesn't offer much that you couldn't get elsewhere in the area.  Having stayed in Pollock Halls in my first year of uni, my friends and I tried out plenty of pubs in the area and found that this one doesn't really compete in terms of drink prices and general service.  They try to appeal to students by having deals on, but they're not up to much compared to other pubs nearby.  Having said this, I had fish and chips with peas at Bierex last year which was delicious and served with an amazing tartar sauce.  It is a decent pub with a nice atmosphere, but I don't think it really offers anything unique.
3	Its a great little bar, the bar staff are extremely knowledgeable about cocktails and can even mix you something not on the menu. The food is really good and very reasonable for the area.Why did they have to build this place so close too the student accommodation? Fanny central.
3	Bierex is a bit of a Newington institution, and a regular hang out joint for loads of locals, who are keen for the chilled out, laid back atmosphere and the no frills banter and straight to the drinking attitude. There's a good bit of seating available here, with tables for big groups that are up for some pub time. The food menu has all the standard pub fare on offer, and a good burger from here doesn't go amiss after a night out.I like the fact that Newington has its own little world of night life going on away from the city centre, and stopping off here is well worthwhile if you're doing a bit of a get to know Newington bar crawl. I don't find Bierex the most massively inspiring bar to look at, and I find its vibe a bit hard to identify, as it's neither cosy pub nor ultra stylish bar, but it's probably somewhere safe, and perfectly decent in between.
2	Only went once ... it made me question whether I was getting past it as it was too loud and full of students.  So I left after one drink and went to the John Leslie.
4	This is the first place we came to eat when we moved from the States to Edinburgh. Was the closest place to our flat and we were hungry!It's nothing fancy but very comfy to lounge around in with friends. I have actually only been here for breakfast two times and each time it's delicious. They have a great price (less than a fiver I think) for traditional Scottish Breakfast and they feature a vegetarian version that is very yummy! Comes with coffee or tea too. Overall the staff seem quite nice and the service is great. Will definitely have to pop in on a day after 12pm! They have plenty of TVs too so you can watch a game or two here as well.
