5	My family and I are so happy we found DHC. My husband and I come from different religious backgrounds: I was raised as a Catholic and he was raised Born Again Christian. I hadn't gone to church for over ten years and didn't really plan on going back. Then, my four year old told me, "Mommy, I want to go to church." Like all parents nowadays I decided to totally let my child run my life and dictate where we go....ok, ok not really he did say that and he and I had a discussion about what he thought people did a church (sing songs and eat cookies) and what went on there. It really got me thinking about spirituality and religion and such. So, I started the search for a church. I was looking for a church in which my whole family would feel comfortable. I was looking for some place that was open to all and did not discriminate. I was also looking for a church that did not make me feel like I had to either send my child away or sit in an enclosed place so the adults could worship in peace. I started my search on-line and went to several churches websites. I found one that seemed to meet all the criteria, but I was skeptical. I figured we'd give it two services and then try another and then another and then eventually just give up and go back to sleeping in on Sundays. From the moment I walked in I felt like this was a different kind of church. The people who greeted us at the front door were so friendly and seemed to be genuinely happy we were there. Pastor Paul gave a sermon that I felt was very relevant to me and what was going on in the world. I felt very comfortable and so did the rest of my family. We never ended up going to check out other churches although it did take us several months to decide to actually commit to DHC, not because we were unsure, but because it seemed like such a huge commitment and I didn't want to jump into anything. The DHC members we have met are so nice and caring. It's a church that takes God seriously but not themselves. So, if you are looking for a church that is inclusive of everyone and feels like a place you are wanted and cared about. I highly recommend Desert Heritage Church. P.S. They did have singing and cookies
5	I first came to Desert Heritage Church almost 10 years ago, at the invitation of a friend.  Although I had been invited by my friend, I came in on my own and took a seat in the back.  I was rather surprised when random people noticed me as a newcomer and greeted me, introducing themselves and making me welcome.  Since then, my husband and I have become members.  DHC is a place where everyone is welcome and I have never seen a church with so many missions and ministries that reach out to the local community as well as the global community. Since my husband and I both come from different areas of the Midwest, the DHC family has become our extended family.  I am very grateful that our 3-year-old son has so many surrogate aunts, uncles, and grandparents here, as we can only get together with our families a couple of times  a year.  I was very touched when my son was baptized and when Pastor Paul introduced him to the congregation as a person 'made in the image of God', the people spontaneously broke into applause.I recommend Desert Heritage Church to anyone who is looking for an inclusive, supportive church that isn't afraid to take risks.  (That last part refers to something that is often mentioned in worship--'We are a risk-taking church, because ours is a risk-taking God').
5	I love this church! It is an all inclusive place of worship! All are welcome, just the way you are! Rich or poor, straight or gay, black or white, alone or with a huge family, all are welcome! From the first day I felt welcome, and wanted! Our Pastor is so inspiring, and a genuine, caring, Shepherd. Come join us! You won't be sorry!
