3	I did a quick search of the food available at the food court at the Monte Carlo and this one caught my eye. Chicken fingers. I can do that for lunch today. So on my break, I took the short walk over and ordered the meal that included 3 tenders and fries.The breading on the chicken tenders is tasty, a little bit sweet. But it's not as crunchy as I would like. The chicken though is super moist and tender. It also comes with a huge basket of fries, the type made from freshly cut potatoes with the skin still on. Their special sauce (dare I say?) reminds me of Raising Canes' sauce: nice and peppery.Overall, this is a solid place to turn to at the food court when you're looking for freshly fried chicken tenders. They also sell Nathan's Famous Hot Dogs and beer.
2	It wasn't the worse sausage biscuit I've ever had, it wasn't all that fulling either.. I would have gladly chose McDee's over this place again.... Eh... that  is all.
4	Very good made-to-order chicken tenders and fries.
5	Ask for buffalo sauce
4	Chicken strips were delicious. Probably the softest strips ever. & food was fresh. Down side is that they take awhile & a little pricey. Good thing they have military discount.
5	Man, I gotta say, I was really impressed with how good the chicken strips are here! The dipping sauce they give you is amazing too. They take a while to freshly-cook your meal, but it comes out piping hot and tastes great. MUCH BETTER THAN EATING AT THE BUFFET where the food has been sitting for an hour...ick. I went back the next day for more. Seriously - they have it down to a science - the flavor/seasoning in the batter is great, the portion size is impressive for the Strip (everything's expensive here), and the sweet potato fries kick a$$ too. Highly recommended for the freshly-cooked, good quality chicken. Worth the 10 minute wait, for SURE.
4	I needed a quick bite to eat in the morning, so I dropped by here. This is located in the food court downstairs of Monte Carlo. Their chili cheese dog was good!! Even though I ordered it and let it sit til it was cold (because I had something to do), it still tasted good. Roughly 10 bucks for a dog and fries.
4	I wanted something fast but not "fast food", while at the food court in the Monte Carlo. I had the 3 strips and fries. Most moist, tender chicken I have ever had at a fast food joint. I was so pleasantly surprised. We were staying at the M/C so I knew I would be back the next day. They make them to order, so it takes a few extra minuets compared to McD's just next door. They do not charge for Ranch or Blue cheese - another pleasantl surprise there too. I tried their Nathan's Chili Cheese Dog the next day. I wished I would have stuck to the strips, It was just okay (took a star away for that). I wouldn't describe the chicken as "crispy" so much - but you could tell it was freshly battered, freshly cooked, and it was tasty w/out any sauce or extras. I dipped mine in hot sauce and ranch (must ask - but no charge).
5	Delicious! I think these are the best tenders than anywhere else. First of all, before this location at Monte Carlo I had only tried the location at Luxor, stroll very good, but this location at Monte Carlo is 5 times better. Just as u bite into the tender it is just so juicy and hot. And the fries are very moist and squishy just how I like, and u actually do get more fries here. Point is, lol, u can't choose from either a 3,4,or 5 piece meal with fries and special sauce, or u can substitute it for sweet potato fries. Drinks are separate. I did take note that there are also several milkshake options. As well as choosing a tender sandwich with Texas toast or a regular hamburger bun, of course topped with the special sauce. This location is combined with a Nathan's Hot Dogs. Takes about 7 minutes for your meal to be cooked.Give it a try, you'll thank me later.
5	I love this place! My cousin referred me to this spot! Honestly next to chick a fila this is definitely my fave spot to eat chicken. I love how they don't put too much batter on the chicken! It's not hard and crunchy unlike most chicken strips I've tried, it's perfect lol. It's like really moist when u bite into it and the strips are pretty big. Also I tried the bacon cheddar fries they're actually the best I've had lol. Too bad they don't have this spot in California I would totally go there a lot if we did lol. I also tried my sisters chilli fries they're pretty good too.
