5	My friends and I purchased the "Date Night" Groupon for this place and it was a deal! I paid $14 which was a value of $29. This covered $9 for studio time and $20 towards pottery. I wasn't 100% sure if we would have actually been "making" the pottery or just picking it out and painting it. (They offer both) This was my first time participating in this so I wasn't too sure. I probably could have asked when I called to make a reservation (a must for date night) but I guess I was just being lazy. Turns out for this particular night you picked out the pottery and painted it. You have to reserve another time to actually make the pottery, etc. I made reservations for a Thursday night 6pm, BYOB! We showed up and were shown our table for the night, given wine glasses and Sandy (The owner) even opened our wine for us! She explained how everything worked and showed us what we could pick from. Very nice and patient woman. You can tell by talking to her she takes pride in her work and genuinely ENJOYS it. It was really exciting getting to pick out the pottery...there were all kinds to choose from. You'll have to go for yourself to check out the options.I ended up picking a Wine Chiller and a small Fruit Bowl (decorative purposes). You can see them in the picture I'm going to post when I complete this review. We each picked our paint colors and shared from each others choices. From there on out it was smooth PAINTING. (And sipping some vino). The next couple hours were so fun. Sandy played music (Christmas, at the time) and we had some light chatter. At the end we gave her our finished pieces which she would later "fire" and call us to come pick up. Took about a week for things to be completed and mine turned out looking better than expected. I had a wonderful time and cannot wait to take some more friends on my next trip there. Groupon or NO Groupon. It's definitely worth it!!
5	I went on a double date for date night using the groupon we all had purchased. None of us were really sure what to expect but we were excited. We called and made a reservation for 4 at 6:30. When we got there we had our own table set up and it was only us and one other couple for the night. Sandy, the owner was super helpful and friendly. She explained how everything worked to us. Over the course of the evening she would come back to refill our water and give us little tips. The BYOB aspect of the evening was great, as we were able to enjoy some wine and some cider we had bought around the corner at Arsenal. I found myself feeling great near the end of painting my piece! I picked out a small tray and my boyfriend picked out a dwarf. There were plenty of different pieces to pick in a variety of price ranges. Maybe someday I'll save up for one of those $60 salad bowls! After we left our pottery to fire, we were told we'd get a call to pick it up within the week. A few days later we learned our pottery was ready. I haven't seen mine yet as my friend picked it up for me but I'm sure it turned out great!
4	Very cool experience, we did a two hour pottery lesson and then returned a few weeks after to paint our pieces. Very fun but definitely not cheap. The price however is not what earned this place a 4 star review instead of a 5 star because you do learn and get a lot for what you pay for. My biggest deterrent to ever coming back is the fact that there is a cat on the premises. My boyfriend has a pretty bad allergy to cats and we didn't know there was a cat there whenever we booked the lesson. Even though the cat wasn't in the studio, it still affected him pretty severely. It would've been more fun had the cat not been in the studio and we will probably not come back because of it. Still a great experience though!
5	The owner really makes this place awesome.  She is really helpful and encouraging and just plain nice.  My friend and I bought the groupon for the date night and came ready to paint with a bottle of wine.  We were actually the only ones there on a snowy night, so we definitely got a lot of attention.  I picked out a platter and she got a cat.  I wanted my platter to match some dishes that I have and I wasn't really sure what they looked like after a half bottle of wine.  Sandy went online, looked up my dishes and showed me what they looked like so I was sure to be happy with what I was doing.  She kept re-filling our paint, our glasses and suggesting brushes to use that would help make our items what we wanted.All in all, I could not have been happier with the experience and I am looking forward to going back to paint something for mother's day.
3	So, I'm always happy to support a local business over a chain, so I was so excited to check this place out! My friend and I both had living social deals, so I wasn't sure if that is why the lady working there seemed annoyed when we walked in, but  she eventually warmed up to us and we had a nice night and were happy with our "masterpieces". I appreciated that they were prepared and ready to go with our wine drinking accessories. BYOB and painting = brilliant! So why only the 3 stars do you ask? Well when I called Tuesday night to see if they were still open so that I could pick up my pieces, the lady that picked up the phone, and I think the same one that was there the night we were, answered my question of "are you still open", with "well, yeah I picked up the phone" and a total attitude. You know the saying...fool me once, shame on you..Call me crazy but I think someone working at any business should be kind to new and past customers. It's shame they don't seem to agree. :( I'm sure I will give them once more chance, but I hope this changes.
3	It was fun making the pottery and I bought a gropoun for it so it was cheap. However the place is never open when it says it will be and when you email them they are extremely rude. I made my pottery in July of last year and have tried numerous times to pick it up. The owner called me last week and told me she was giving away my pottery if I didnt come get it, and said she was open all the times I came. When the lights are off and the doors are locked I assume a place is closed. I will not be reffering people here.
