5	What a find!Great food, wonderful server... an all around great time!Started out with Caramel Hazelnut coffee... yumThe hummus was wonderful and the lettuce wraps are a "don't miss" item!I had the Jerk chicken sandwich.  The flavor was fantastic, but the bread was too large for the chicken breast.  The chili sauce and pineapple flavor to the sandwich made for a thoroughly enjoyable experience.My girl had the Seafood chowder soup (loved it) and the eggplant (she said it was OK, but nothing to write home about)The five stars are for the food and service as well as the decor and cleanliness!
5	I got a deal on LivingSocial about this place. I had passed by it many times but never knew it was there. I got the Mississippi Fish & Grits. It was delicious. I know my fried catfish and this was up there with some of the best I've had. Ideal brunch fare for sure. Huge portions. I'll probably be back before the end of the week!
1	Whoever opened this place needs a reality check.  Although they've apparently redecorated, the food is crap, the server is crap, the vibe is crap.  My boyfriend bought a Groupon here, which I still have no idea why.  We live close by, but nothing about it screams 'try me'.  We went for breakfast, and there was only one dude working behind the bar.  He clearly was serving his friends, and the banter and refills were much more important than the customers.  We walked in, and another older couple walked in right after.  We were the only people in the place, yet the server moved at the pace of a snail.  It took a solid 10 minutes for us to get waters, but his friends were having plenty of attention with mimosa refills.  We really enjoyed their awfully loud night out recap.  I ordered the french toast and my boyfriend ordered the catfish & grits.  Both of our plates were just ok.  My boyfriend said the fish was good, but everything else pretty much sucked.  They were 'out of' many items and their credit card machine was not working.  Good thing our Groupon (that the server didn't even check) covered the bill.  Do yourself a favor and don't try this place.
1	This place is long gone. Closed and Abandoned in Papago.
