3	This is one of the new stores being built in the large complex that also has a new Target as well. They still are doing some construction around it, so expect lots of trucks & traffic.The store is set up like a normal Home Depot, with all your usual sections of things, but it's a lot more open & with a lot less aisles. Everything for sale here is on display, such as whole kitchens set up. So everything is out there for you to see, touch, & try. Heck...even the refrigerators are on, which is a total waste of energy by the way.But for being the signature, upper scale Home Depot store, I just wasn't that impressed. Yeah, it allows you to see what you're looking for out on display, but it's still a large warehouse full of lots & lots of stuff. They don't seem to do that much different to warrant having an entirely different store. It  seems like a normal store could have this same stuff if they just opened up some space.Anyways, this is just like your normal Home Depot store, just with a lot more displays. No section really intrigued me, but then again I wasn't in there really looking for too much.
3	I like that the Home Depot Design Center (located near the Metropolitan Target) has an expansive design showcase for renovating and designing your home but also has all (or most of) the offerings of a normal Home Depot. I enjoy browsing around all the showcases and home decorating items. It definitely has way more accessories and tools for interior decorating than a normal Home Depot. Unfortunately, until I own a house, I'll just continue to browse this area while I'm at the Home Depot to get keys copied or buy a hammer.
3	This is a review and a requiem at the same time, as the Home Depot Design Center is in the process of being shuttered.When the EXPO concept started, it grew slowly - then it changed into the Design Center idea as a way to shift gears, and the multi-tiered idea in the new Metropolitan development was yet another new plan.  Now, all the HD EXPO and Design Center stores nationwide are being closed.  So if you're looking for anything, check it out, as you might find something at discount prices (of course, they were high to begin with, so now they are getting to reasonable levels).As to the store itself, it's a bit of an upscale Home Depot, with a higher-than-normal selection, and staff that is trained a bit better to help you with the selection and design process.  On that front, I give them a big thumbs up.  On the pricing, not so much - it's really high.  Only now, as they approach 50% or so, is it getting to something that most people will find reasonable.Just make sure you pull into the lot from the main entrance off of Charlottetowne, not off of Kings - otherwise you have to navigate to the bottom level, which is a nightmare (if you're going to Target on the upper level, then Kings is fine).Then, they are also shutting down.  Maybe once the store is completely closed they will open it up as a standard Home Depot to compete with the Lowe's on South Boulevard, as I'm sure people in the area would like it - there isn't another that close to Uptown.  Of course, I can't imagine too many people hauling lumber into their uptown condos!
