1	AVOID!I had a reservation for a non-smoking room and they gave me the run around saying they were full and "upgraded" us to a smoking room suite. This room was so putrid it made my fiance extremely nauseous. After much "discussion,"  they found another room to put us in that wasn't as bad.Upon checkout, I found that my original reservation was canceled and the prices I agreed upon were inflated by 25% (which is not fun when you have a budget set for your trip). I asked about it and then received a snippy comment from the guy behind the counter and said to call his manager if I had an issue. And then he slammed the business card down in front of me.I'm contacting Best Western right now to see about their company policies regarding pricing, room switching, and dishonesty.
3	Not bad. I had never stayed at a Best Western "plus" before, but was pretty pleased. It was a step above the normal flea-bags that line highways.I came in super late for the night at about 4am and was only planning to stay for a few hours until my rental car facility opened. Thank goodness for hotel vouchers, boo on you flight delays!So I stumble in, can form coherent words, but the staff was very helpful. It took a bit of time to get things processed (but then again, it probably just seemed like forever) but then I was on my way to my room.The lobby was very nice, elegantly decorated. The rooms, were just fine though. Nothing special, but decent, and definitely served my purposes well. The hallway to my room was very long too, which was a bit annoying, but hey, whatever.In the morning, I had free breakfast that was pretty good too. It was an upgraded continental, and again served my purposes quite well.The courtesy airport shuttle is also very helpful, and it runs regularly.While I do not plan to be getting stuck at the Montreal airport again, if I do, I know where I can get a decent bed.
5	So I stayed here for a business trip I took to Montreal. The hotel was clean I loved their free breakfast. I did not like their restaurant. Food was not good and it was overly priced. If you are up to walking about 5 minutes. There is a convenient store (maxin I think its called) near the traffic circle, there is also a subway, a bar, a Chinese buffet, and a gas burger joint. So walking distance there are a lot of alternatives for food.Overall, great experience and great hotel to stay in. Staff are also really friendly.
3	I have stayed in plenty of Airport hotels and they are all pretty much the same. Expensive beer, clean but beat up rooms, and that smell (if you have been to an airport motel you know what I am talking about). This hotel is pretty much the same. Wifi is free and they provide a good bed so what more do you really need. Breakfast was good but kind bland as one would expect. If you need to catch a flight in the morning this is a good hotel, if you are looking for a vacation destination you should head somewhere else.
3	I liked this Best Western Plus Montreal Airport Hotel although it #6 of the 8. It was clean & comfortable but not quite the first night. We had to change rooms because of equipment noise. There was something going on with the hot water, as there wasn't any most of the time. The staff were very friendly & apologetic. We drove into town, chose this one for the free parking & the breakfast. Every day you had to pickup small cards that got you your made to order breakfast. Unique as different. I would come back again as the beds were comfortable & the amenities just OK. The parking was a challenge at times. I think they had park & fly promotion going on. The Staff were very thorough with the cleanliness, accommodating & friendly. Which was to our liking. Well done BW.
3	I was just there this morning.  I liked the hotel, the staff and complimentary breakfast.  My room was just a-ok though.  Nothing spectacular about it and it seemed rather small but I was only there for a night so it wasn't a big deal.  I had a room with a queen and it was at the end of the hall #201.The breakfast choices was a really nice added value perk.  The menu has a choice of 5 different things ranging from fruit or omelette and upgraded breakfasts for 5 dollars more to get other dishes.  The coffee was also complimentary too.  It was suggested for the free breakfast to leave a tip of 2 dollars per person.  That's rather modest.  I left 5 bucks.  These people are serving coffee, dishes, busing etc.  2 bucks is not enough IMO.When I went to leave I had an issue with lots of water around my car.  I couldn't put my stuff in the trunk without moving my car first.  I was lucky the water wasn't where I was parked but it looked like their sewer was backed up but there was a water pump spewing water all over the parking lot.  There was 4 pylons were I can only only assume the drain was.  The car near the pylons... the water was pretty high there as high as the bottom of the tires.Anyway the parking lot was really full but there was enough parking even though I had to walk around the building at check in.  TIP: they will give you a paper to put on your dash board to confirm you are a guest and that your car is valid on their lot.  If you are alone like me, don't bring everything with you when you check in because you have to go back out and put the paper on the dash anyway.  I brought all my stuff and had to carry it out again.  Either that or go up and then go back out to the car again.This hotel is basically right across the street from the airport.  They also offer long term parking so if you are staying there you can leave your car there and take the shuttle to the terminal.I can only assume the PLUS is like Holiday Inn EXPRESS where they offer breakfast etc.  I wasn't entirely sure but the complimentary breakfast was a nice touch.  Better than any hotel breakfast buffet since it's served to you and made to order.
3	Prices decent, indoor pool a tad small and room had a very strong chemical smell, customer service mostly pretty good, and value for the money also very good.M'lady and I were spending the night in Montreal, and I was looking for a hotel with a pool for a decent price. This one caught my radar, and since I've mostly had positive experiences with the brand, after reading a few of the reviews for it, I reserved a room at it.I didn't have any issues finding the hotel with all of the road changes as compared to the maps on my car's GPS, however leaving there in attempt to get to the nearest gas station, we ended up going in circles several times until I switched to one of the navigation applications on my cell phone.The guy at the front desk who checked me in initially gave me the receipt for someone else, and since I was so tired, I didn't realize that the top part of the form I was signing was supposed to have my information at it. Since the price was more than what I had on my reservation, I was able to catch that, and the attendant at the front desk corrected that accordingly, and printed the correct form for me and charged me the correct amount.As soon as we entered the room, we noticed a very strong chemical smell. We were so tired, that we decided to just let it be, and went to bed. We were surprised at how quiet the room was however, considering the hotel's right next to both a train track and an airport.In the morning, we went to the included breakfast, which had a very decent selection. What seemed to be the main server didn't switch to English when I was trying to change our order for the eggs to medium well done, since I couldn't think of the right word in French for that, which I really liked (in my experience, most usually when they see any small flaw in my French in Montreal, they automatically switch to English, however I like practising my French).We went to visit the pool, which wasn't very large. It had an interesting showed with what seemed to be fresh water coming down, at one side of the pool. The water was a tad chilly, but after swimming for a bit, we got used to it. There was no hot tub, which is odd, as all the other Best Westerns I've been to that had a pool also had a hot tub, but either way no big deal.All-in-all, while there was some room for improvement in my experience at his venue, I still see myself returning to it when in the area.
