5	I love this place!! I've been all around town to many yoga studios and this is one of my favorites. I actually drive from Scottsdale to Tempe just to take classes from one of my favorite teachers - Kat. She teaches this body ball rolling class that's designed to release your body's tight spots and trust me when I say that you'll find plenty.My other favorite class - Jim's flow. His energy is calm - peaceful and he always has these wise and insightful words that come out just when you need to hear them. You'll get a good workout in his classes, both mind and body.A drop in class is only $12 ($10 for students) whereas other studios are $16- $25, and if you buy a package of classes it brings the price down even lower.Enjoy...
5	I love this studio. Jim's flow class rocks!  The other teachers there are talented and some of the valley's best.
4	This is a wonderful place - great energy, constant support from the staff and other yogis, and inviting atmosphere. The only downfall is its location - since I know where it is, I don't mind it at all. But it did take me 15 minutes to find the first time I tried going. I wish it were a little more visible to peeps that don't know what they're missing!I am becoming more and more of a regular here. I have enjoyed and been challenged by every class I've taken. Jim has a great attitude and is very encouraging about taking risks or just doing what's comfortable for you. All the instructors are really easy to talk to and guide some pretty stellar classes. I love both the Flow and Power classes. Yin-Yang was a nice surprise...I thought it would be too low-key for me but it was just right and Barb is a gem. One of these days I am actually going to take my lunch break at the studio and go to a Core Power Noon class.Very affordable and awesome vibes. My confidence in my ability to hold inversion poses grows with every visit. Namaste.
5	I was only able to go to class one day during my stay, but I wish I had much more time.  jim, the owner and instructor, was truly a great teacher...e really connected with each student in class and incorporated his spiritual and philosophical tidbits with his physical practice, making it a well-rounded experience.  I also had a massage after class with Jim, and it is one of the best massages I have EVER had.  He really understands int he
5	I have been a dedicated yoga-goer for 12 years and am very picky when selecting a new studio.  Was very impressed with Brooke, my instructor and the studio was great!  We even got a mini massage during savasana!  Am definitely a fan!
5	i feel the need to address Lauren B's comment below.  i'm a guy so it might be different for me and i'm sorry that lauren had a bad experience.  but in my opinion, in no way is jim inappropriate - quite the contrary.  in every way, he is supportive and supremely helpful with alignment and proper technique.  and yes, it's a physical and interactive class but i would encourage anyone to try his class instead of being scared away by Lauren's comments.---best in town...but keep it a secret! every instructor is unique - and unique in a good way.studio is very clean and welcoming and class schedules are plentiful.if i had to recommend trying this studio, attend one of Jim's classes.  he's the owner - very cool young guy and extremely knowledgeable.  talks you through class in really meaningful ways.love this joint.  come ready for a physical challenge and some great ideas on how to extend your practice beyond the walls of a studio.
5	After gravitating toward visiting Yoga Nirvana for a while, I finally made it to one of Jim's flow classes when a client of mine made the recommendation. It was the first time I felt challenged in a good way by a yoga instructor.  I now attend his classes regularly, and it feels awesome to go in there and get not only the physical work out I need, but the mental and emotional balancing as well. My practice with Yoga Nirvana has helped me find, clarity, focus, flexibility, and strength in many areas of my life. I have brought friends to his classes that either have never practiced before, or have had different yoga experiences, and they loved it. Jim is the best!Another thing I love about the studio is that they have cultivated a community feeling, by bringing people together to celebrate, to gain new wisdom through various workshops, and they even offer yoga retreats.
1	Full disclosure about me before I review Yoga Nirvana: I am a yoga teacher and a Licensed Massage Therapist. After reading such rave reviews about Yoga Nirvana and particularly about Jim and his class, I decided to make my way to this studio for Jim's Vinyasa class. Never in my life have I ever been in such an unsupportative environment. Jim's adjustments are completely inappropriate. I should never have to feel my yoga teacher's good's on my body and his breath breathing down the side of my neck as if he was about to make out with me as I'm receiving an adjustment. (And these were just a few of the adjustments I received within the first five minutes of class, it went on from there). Additionally, the innuendos about the female anatomy and women's breast tissue were also completely inappropriate and offensive.Furthermore, Jim's instruction of igniting mula bandha are grossly inaccurate. No senior Ashtanga teacher will ever instruct you to squeeze your anus in order to cultivate mula bandha. In fact, senior Ashtanga teachers go out of their way to explain that this is not a correct application of mula bandha and that in doing so, will only create constipation. There are plenty of other more informed and respectful yoga teachers in the Phoenix area to practice yoga with. Jim Keegan is not one of them. It pains me as a yoga teacher to know that this kind of inappropriate and arrogant behavior is masquerading under the guise of yoga.The only reason I'm even giving this studio a star is because Yelp is making me.
5	I have been practicing Yoga under Jim Keegan (studio owner) for 6 years now.  I have seen him move around a bit, but I have stayed with him because he still has the best Asana class I have ever experienced.      About 7 or 8 years ago, I decided Yoga was something I wanted to pursue because of the health benefits.  Although I felt the benefits of Yoga early, I kept looking for better yoga.  I went everywhere, such as: Gold Gym, LIfetime Fitness, LA Fitness, 24 Hour Fitness, At One Yoga, Inner Vision, Dahn Yoga, South West Institute of Healing Arts, MCC, ASU.....etcI met Jim when he taught yoga at ASU.  Jim has brought me to see Yoga for more than just a series of postures for the body.    Over six years of attending Jim's classes, I am still attend........?  Over the years I have wondered why I consider him the best.  Of course it isn't conclusive, but here are a few contributing factors:  1.  Jim has degree in Kinesiology (scientific study of human movement).  His sometimes elaborate description while in a posture helps bring my awareness, to those parts of my body.  2.  Jim is also a very good massage therapist, which probably also helps him to remain intimate with the physiology of the body.  3.  When I have run into Jim outside of the studio, he seems to always have some sort of Veda in his hand or in his bag.  So this leads me to believe he immerses himself in his craft.  As a doctor should read medical journals, your yoga instructor should strive to augment his understanding of Yoga.In spite these 3 elements, they do NOT define Jim's excellence as a Yoga Instructor.  In the end I have to still say, Jim offers a certain, "Je ne sais pas," which I cannot define...........nevertheless I plan on continuing to practice Yoga under Jim Keegan.
3	nice place but hard to find. i had a few classes here and each teacher was very different,  which was nice. overall its a nice little studio.
4	Went to the Art meets Yoga class today, taught by Amanda. Very interesting, nice studio, I have never done flow so that was unusual but fun. Studio floor is very hard so bring a thick mat, mine is used and thin so my knees hurt. I would recommend this class if you are an artist or someone trying to get new energy or just step out of the box. I hope Amanda offers it again.I haven't taken any other classes with other instructors there so I can't comment.The reason I am giving 4 stars is Amanda couldn't get the projector to work, too bad.
5	I attended my first Yoga Nirvana class last night, the Flow 2 class with Jim Keegan. The entire experience was exactly what I look for when choosing a yoga studio and class. I loved the energy of the people and the studio from the moment I stepped foot inside. The front desk staff was friendly and affable (is it just me, or is that hard to come-by anymore these days, people always seem so miserable, but not here.) The other students in class were also friendly and welcoming. I've been to a couple handfuls of yoga studios in the valley and this is easily, the studio that made me feel the most at ease, made me feel the most yoga. In the last year and a half, three of the studios I've been practicing at have closed down due to the state of the economy; I've been challenged to keep up on my practice at home and with a few fellow yogis in make-shift studios. I'm happy to have found Yoga Nirvana, as I told the owner after my first class I feel like his studio is the whole package. It provides space for the mental, physical and emotional practices of yoga that I've been looking for in one place for a long time. I read a few of the other reviews and although I can not speak for another person's feelings of discomfort, I feel like Jim's adjustments, both hands on and verbal, helped me find where I needed to adjust my asanas. I can appreciate instructors who are willing to give me more and actually instruct me through my postures. I will be making the drive to attend classes at this studio, it is totally worth it for me. I just wish I'd found them sooner.
5	Simply put AMAZING!  I started practicing yoga about 3 years ago and Jim and his entourage of incredible instructors are the reason I keep coming back.  Jim integrates a varitey in his classes and forces you to stray away from routine stand, sit , balance, monotony which is great!  He keeps you motiviated throughout the course of the class by ensuring that you feel at one with yourself.  The class has orderly constructs beginning, energetic buildup and a soothing cooldown and the challenge each class is what drives me to better myself and practice.  He keeps you focused and motiviated with stories quotes and your always discovering.  Whether you're a begginer or a seasoned yogi you will become assimilated into this culture and practice.  The studio has something for everyone and I would suggest exploring as many of the class options as possible to find what's best for you.
5	It's been over a year since my last review, and so much has happened. After nearly 2 years of practicing at yoga Nirvana, and taking classes from really knowledgable teachers who aren't afraid of giving adjustments (because they have been properly trained on how to do so), or offering supportive props where they are needed, I have decided to start yoga teacher training there. I am not very far into it, but I have learned so much, and am so grateful for the opportunity .
2	Sign up for a Yoga Nirvana yoga retreat to Hawaii if you want to stay hidden in the middle of the woods-- a 40 minute drive each way to the beach, in grimy unsanitary cabins that remind you of sleep-away camp in Flagstaff when you were 15, with a Yoga instructor that downplays you with every inquisitive question, who has no plan of action nor willingness to claim responsibility of set expectations with a price tag of $1299.  Not only did Jim Keegan (owner of Yoga Nirvana & retreat leader) not live up to the expectations set prior to the retreat-  (2 meals cooked by private chef & 2 yoga classes a day) -but when a question was proposed due to lack of planning & communication his response was one which became defensive & condescending with passive aggressive behavior using tactics of intimidation. YIKES (red flag #1)But what really did it for me was the conversation over our first dinner where Jim proceeded to express his disapproval of the horrific traditional female genital mutilation practices by the Afgan people saying they "should be extinguished as a culture of people."  WHOA --- Yes female genital mutilation is evil but so is genocide! I was in complete shock! I mean isn't my Yoga instructor teaching consciousness awareness, compassion, patience & positivity? For the sake of love & revelations,  weren't we here on a retreat? Meanwhile at the dinner table it was genocide. COMPLETE YIKES! (red flag #2)  p.s. female genital mutilation isn't even a practice in Afghanistan.Suddenly my yoga instructor, who I claimed as a teacher of 8+ years became a complete stranger.  That night I decided to myself that I'd be leaving the group & that there was no way I would be able to surround myself with this type of energy off of the Yoga mat, let alone spend the next 6 days in Hawaii a 40 minute drive from the sun rising & setting over the ocean, in the middle of a forest.Going with the flow until the right timing presented itself, I left on my own journey the second morning after witnessing Jim as he simply watched, from behind these pavilions where we were having a.m. yoga practice, 3 of his students who were lost due to lack of communication. After some time had passed my conscious forced me to get up from my mat & walk out from behind our location, signaling to the students --where they even started there own practice. Not only did Jim not welcome these students to the practice, but Jim had the audacity to question me as I walked by him,  "are you or aren't you practicing?"  I GASPED!!The real question here is, "Jim, are YOU or aren't YOU practicing?" Like I said, Ive been a student of Jim's for over 8 years, from way before the beginning days of Yoga Nirvana studios & am in complete shock that meeting him out of the classroom was like meeting a complete stranger...a stranger whose embodiment is the complete opposite of his own teachings.  Ive asked Jim to refund only $200 of the $1299 cost to cover my dinning expenses & other yoga instruction of which I attended at a local island studio & his response was "why should I... you are leaving voluntarily?" followed by a simple "NO." After some serious reflecting, for over a week now  --  I have come to the conclusion that Jim Keegan has been teaching what he MOST needs to learn & practice himself. Any PHD would call this projection.  This person does not in any way, shape or form embody his own teachings off of the mat & out of the classroom. This is a true case of :: 'PRACTICE WHAT YOU PREACH' Can I get a witness? Yes I can -- because 2 other students (full names upon request) also decided to separate from the group, who joined me due to the negative energy, nasty attitude & total confusion/ chaos that started upon arrival to the island & our first destination 'COSTCO!!!'  My heart goes out for you Jim & while experiencing the practices of my life in Hawaii lead by both Kali Ray Torres & Psalm Issadora, Ive humbled myself to you, committing myself to a prayer for you every time I step on my mat.  Your time will come....will it be karma, fate or destiny? NAMASTE
5	i went on the recent Hawaii yoga retreat and simply loved it.  i was there for yoga and hanging with similar-minded people and i was blessed with both. we all roughed it together in cabins with no internet, cell phone, etc. and were forced to converse with each other and make the best use of our time...shocking! if you're expecting to go on this retreat and do everything that YOU want to do, don't go...or go with reasonable expectations. we had a large group of people from various walks of life and we were all able to get along and grow from one another. it's not about you...it's about people and nature and having a good time with those two elements.we really had a great time and i'll never forget my experience with Camp Yoga Nirvana. awesome stuff.
5	By all means I am a novice Yoga practitioner who was granted an opportunity to join like minds in a relaxing environment.  I was a bit hesitant because my practice is beginner and I was assuming events like these focus on the experienced practitioner.  I was proven wrong and found it more beneficial to be surrounded with open minded and teaching oriented individuals.   A great mix of novice to advanced from which I learned more about my own practice to enrich it for the future.Expectations of the yoga were to be done at a leisurely time each day.  I was personally joining up to escape the confines of time and rigorous weekly planning to fall into a niche of other yogi's and yogini's searching to have fun in paradise.  I was more than surprised to know we didn't have internet because unplugging, even though was a thought I was not going to achieve on my own, from the digital world is almost impossible.  I was more than pleased to truly leave the confines of the office on the mainland.   The choice of accommodations help to promote community and not exclude anyone from the group.  I really enjoyed the feel and setup.Planning of the day to day adventures were democratic and voted on so there's always a party member that disagrees but I was looking to leave the politics behind and go with the flow.  Frankly, as long as I was surrounded by laughter, ocean, sand and an occasional beer I could care less where we were at that moment.  Jim made a great effort to help us all explore the island and maintain group cohesion.  I commend him on accepting a group for who they are.An experience is built on environment and people.  Overall I had a wonderful time unwinding and not thinking about anything, literally.  Out of all my travels thus far this stands out as unique, discovery oriented and memorable trip.  Team ramrod got things done and Camp Yoga Nirvana is one that I will be returning to in the future.
5	I've been practicing yoga for 7 years now and as a new resident in the Valley was looking for the best places to deepen my practice and committment to yoga. My first classes with Yoga Nirvana where the community ones with Amanda Manfredi ($5 per class). That was amazing, I really respected the way Amanda used to teach and practice yoga, that made we continue going to her classes until she left to San Diego. After that, I decided to get a pass at the studio and currently going to Jim's level 2 flow class. I absolutely enjoy every single drop of sweat. The atmosphere is very relaxing, nothing of that pretentiousness that abounds in most of the studios; a combination of great challenging classes with the meditative practice of the breathe as a mean for the cultivation of the soul. I personally think that adjustments are an essential part of the practice and Jim does it great. I still haven't try the rest of the instructors, though.The studio is inexpensive and offers student's discount and all packages. I would greatly recommend it. At least give it a try!!
5	Yoga Nirvana is a wonderful studio with welcoming, friendly staff and students. Great variety of classes offered throughout the week.Jim Keegan is an excellent instructor who closely monitors all students (no matter how large his class size) to ensure poses are being done properly or modified in a manner to suit all level students and making them feel comfortable.  "Come as you are" is the perfect slogan for Jim's studio as the staff truly strives to make all students feel welcomed and appreciated, regardless of how long you've been practicing.  I highly recommend!
5	if cute yoga pants are part of your road to enlightenment, you might want to find a different studio. i've been practicing yoga off and on since i was 8 years old. just in the past year or two have i really come to value my practice and the importance of a quality studio. yoga nirvana has a variety of classes, great instructors and a variety of class times. it's hard to find, but it's worth looking for.
5	the best yoga if have taken in my 7 years of practice.. so glad to have had the experience.. highly recommended..
5	When you've had a taste of great yoga, it's hard to go back to your somewhat mediocre experiences prior.  This is what happened to me after spending one tuesday night at Nirvana.  I've practiced off and on for years but just recently dove back in.  I was challenged yet completely supported.  The energy in the studio is fluid, focused and connected- something that takes great studios years to build.  I tend to be turned off by lots of hands on corrections but after my experience at Nirvana, I now crave that.  Jim has a way of pushing you that gives you a glimpse into a level you don't really think you can get to.Addicting is an understatement.  I live in N. Scottsdale and have been to 5 different studios in my area- all had strong positives but Nirvana is on a different level.  If you're looking to make progress and feel added spirit, this is your new spot.
5	I took my first class at Yoga Nirvana about 6 weeks ago, and have been coming back ever since. The teachers are inspiring. I always learn something valuable each time I take a class. Jim, the lead instructor/owner, is one of the most knowledgeable, creative and supportive teachers I have practiced with in my 4 years of taking yoga classes. Whether you are a beginner or a seasoned yogi, you will be fully supported and encouraged in just the right ways to take your practice to the next level. The classes that I've taken at Nirvana are strongly-linked to the ancient science and philosophy of yoga, yet at the same time provide a challenging physical workout. So you can get your sweat on and hear some inspiring and thought-provoking gems at the same time.The studio itself is very clean and simple. Wooden floors and a long mirror on one the walls. A few candles around the perimeter of the floor and hand-made art create a peaceful vibe. They have blankets, blocks, straps, and any other prop you may need. The staff and students are kind and friendly as well.
5	Amazing!  Jim is an incredible, hands on instructor who truly gets "it."  He makes students feel comfortable as supported, while attending to the spiritual component of yoga practice.  I felt challenged, exercised and centered after class.  Love this environment, will be back soon!
5	Geez, Yoga? I couldn't even touch my toes and being tall + lanky,  the thought of stretching in front of a bunch of people scared the crap out of me! But I have heard about the countless positives of yoga, and now being in a phase where I am willing to leave my cozy little shell I finally manned up and gave it a shot. I heard about Yoga Nirvana from a friend, and any sort of "in" was good enough. I will explain, but wow was it a great decision! I just got a maximum  25 class membership and am really eager to set aside 2 days a week for this. I have done a handful of classes through two different instructors here so far. I usually do night times, and a younger dude Jake is running the show. In one word I would describe him as "chill", I kinda feel like he is just a student in the class with you...  as he walks around a lot observing and helping as he speaks.  I can rarely spot him in the front. The thought of Adam and Eve blindly hearing God in the sky came to mind. "Where the..."  Lol. I totally recommend the class if you have done Yoga at least one time before in your life, and want a really chill session. The reason I say that is because a lot of his lesson is verbal, like a smooth flowing poem. He may or may not be in the front doing everything he is saying.  But if you don't know what some of the basic words (poses) are, you might have to look at a neighbor to see what is going on instead of searching for Jake. To summarize, he is like an  "A" student who is guiding others in becoming an "A" student. The other teacher I have had is Jim, the early class. Now I have gone to elementary, middle, high school, college, and have had many mentors for sports, arts, etc...   My parents are even teachers, and so are most of their friends. Bottom line is that I have known a lot of teachers, I am like a super pupil. My point is- Jim's yoga class, is some of the best teaching I have ever witnessed, in any subject matter. I don't want to blab and blab, but in one word I would simply describe Jim as "Yogi". He is truly one that not only masters the material (as he also teaches the crazy hard yoga that I watched in awe) but also gave me this amazing passion about yoga through his lesson.I now treat this yoga nirvana commitment pretty much like going to the Gym. Can't be missing days, making excuses... I would only be cheating myself! After the few sessions, I can do way more than touch my toes (woohoo) and I wake up every morning with a different mentality. Do a few basic stretches, close my eyes, and just reflect upon how lucky I am to have such amazing things surrounding me.
5	I do not practice yoga. I've gone to a few classes but never consistently. I love being active and found some yoga classes too boring for me. I tried Bikram which was good for a few months then I got bored with the same sequence. I went to my first class today at Yoga Nirvana and cannot believe how pleased I am. The flow through the poses was challenging yet not impossible. The instructor was extremely helpful- he didn't draw attention to me yet gave advice and aid when I needed it. He was extremely friendly when I first walked in as were the other participants in the class. I've walked in to other yoga studios and there's an "air" about the people that I didn't like. I had a great workout this morning but also felt a deep stretch and a calmness to my mind- 3 things that I think are difficult to find in one class. I also thought the instructor had a perfect balance between talking and not talking. Some instructors never shut up and others guide through the poses but don't provide anything else. Today's class was perfect. I highly recommend Yoga Nirvana to any newbie looking to try yoga!
5	I went to Yoga Nirvana for the first time last night. It was fabulous. The atmosphere and the environment is very welcoming. I took Jim's class, he is the owner of the studio and his class was amazing. There was great energy in the room between Jim and his students. It was a really fun and challenging class. I can't wait to go back! I would highly recommend this studio to both new yoga students and experienced yoga students, I learned several new things from just one class. Also, side note, I left my car keys at the studio and didn't realize until I was 30 minutes away (I carpooled over with a friend). I called the number on their website, it is Jim's phone number, he was no longer at the studio but he went back to check if my keys were left there and sure enough they were there! It is clear that he is a caring person who goes above and beyond for his students and his yoga studio. If you haven't been in the studio yet you should definitely check it out.
5	I found myself at middle age (54) with a medical problem (old guy stuff) that lead to poor sleep that lead to an unremitting low level funk.  Well, the problem go fixed but the funk stayed.  Always active, I found that I needed to explore new avenues to physical and mental well being. I decided to try yoga.I walked into Yoga Nirvana as a total novice. I found a welcoming place with a great vibe.  I met Jim on my first visit and he could not have been friendlier.  As class started it became immediately obvious that he was a master teacher and mentor.  Within just a few visits I felt like I was gaining confidence in my new practice .  Now months later I find my flexibility improving and my mind calming.   I've even noticed an improvement in my golf game. Because of Jim and his crew I am now a consistent practitioner and I look forward to developing my knowledge of this wonderful art and science!
5	Yoga Nirvana is a very special place to me. The energy is like no other yoga studio I've ever been to, and the knowledge and expertise of Jim and his staff is incredibly refreshing. They offer really great student discounts, making it affordable for us poor ASU students! Yoga Nirvana is my church and I always feel great after 90 minutes of class-- can't recommend it enough!
5	One of the reasons I moved to Arizona from the east coast is to practice with Jim at Yoga Nirvana in Tempe. I have been to several yoga studios and Jim is the only teacher that explains and gets my body into correct alignment. He is very knowledgeable and conveys that easily to his students . The wording of where to put a shoulder or hand or knee is critical in yoga and if done wrong could hurt more than help and a teacher with this skill is a asset to yogi's :
5	hands down the best and most authentic yoga in the valley.  i've tried them all and was lucky to finally find Yoga Nirvana.great variety from sweaty to restorative and everything in between.  but the most important part is the attention paid to each class - both from a hands-on instructional perspective and a commitment to alignment and form...nothing like it.  not to mention a very strong spiritual component through mindful suggestions from the teachers, which ends up being equally as important in my practice.i'm always excited to get back to Yoga Nirvana when i come back in town.  teachers are friendly, classes are affordable and quality is unparalleled.  can't say enough about Yoga Nirvana.  i hope to see them expand in Phx.
5	I live in Berkeley California, a city known for starting the hippie movement and persistent progressive politics. People in Berkeley do yoga like they drink water- its part of the bedrock of who you are as a resident. I have visited Tempe a few times and gone to Jim's class. It is an astounding emotional and spiritual practice with Jim, as well as a physically challenging class. I left his classes appreciative for the life I have, feeling strength in myself and my abilities. The hard callous i've developed over years living in a difficult world is softened and open to kindness. All this in just an hour and a half! I imagine what would transform if I could attend this kind of studio on a regular basis. If that doesnt say enough, his classes are honestly  better than 90% of the classes and teachers i have found in my home town of Berkeley. I do not exaggerate. This speaks to my experience.These are the grounds to get your yoga on. Thanks Jim. Looking forward to practicing with you again.
