4	Dude! There is a Los Betos right across the street from the Whiskey! When you're done oogling the girls on Wednesday night, go there and pick up a burrito. They're under $4 and you're so effed up that you will be thinking it is the best damn unicorn burrito you have ever tasted!But I actually recommend the bacon, egg, and cheese. They messed mine up last night and added chorizo and it was the BOMB! The horchata is also sweeeeeet!!!P.S. - Don't expect fast service. Do expect a line.
4	One evening I had hungry, loud, complaining kids in my car and, out of sheer desperation, I turned into the drive through of this completely non-descript "berto's" looking kind of restaurant.WHAT a find!  Outstanding food, fast, cheap.  Happy day, happy kids.  We've been back a few times for pick-up.  No ambience, but that's not what they are about. Expect really good really reliable old school Mexican food.
2	Please do not ration my hot sauce! When I say I want a lot that does not mean 2 thimbles instead of one. Also please warm up your precooked ingredients before you slap them in a burrito.I went on a trip here with a Friend after a hike, we were hungry, and his out of town guest wanted to try a "taco stand" so after driving around the shadier parts of town for a bit we found this place.  I ordered my usual Chile relleno burrito. Here they fill the space around the Chile with rice cheese and sauce. However my Chile it self was cool as if they just pulled it out of the refrigerator. The one surprising thing is that I did not get sick.My Friends seemed content with their burritos however there was an extreme shortage of hot sauce, we shared it, then we fought for it, it was a truly sad scene.
4	We were excited to find this 24-hour place because there are not a ton of options in our neighborhood. I had a burrito and thought it was really good- they were generous with the avocado. Great place to go after Whiskey River.
3	The perks of this hole in the wall taco shop include the fact that it's got the typical rundown look of legit taco shops in SoCal. You know, the kind of nondescript building that indicates a shop thats not about the ambience but the quick, hearty and greasy food. The drive through and 24 hour operation add the ultimate perk of convenience. As for the food, it definitely does it's job as quick, hearty and ridiculously greasy. We tried the California burrito and carne aside fries - staples of a SoCal native - and they were simply decent....doing the job but not quite hitting the spot, you know? We figured that we may have to try other items to see if their specialty lies elsewhere but I can assure you that when we do it will be because the place is conveniently located and readily available at one in the morning.
1	This place is terrible. The meat tasted like asshole.
2	Really, I should know better...It was late at night, we didn't feel like fast food burger places, and I have driven past this place millions of times. It's in a dark scary lot too close for comfort to Greenway square. Probably not the best place for a woman to go by herself late at night, but luckily I had the husband with me.After looking at the extensive menu, I ordered the chili relleno plate and my husband ordered a chicken burrito, beef taco, and a horchata. I couldn't finish my chili relleno plate. (Quick lesson in Mexican cooking- when preparing anything with chilis, its a good idea to remove the majority of the seeds. Not just because of the heat, but because its NOT fun to have a mouthful of seeds.) Besides the hundreds of chewy seeds in my mouth, the chili rellenos were lukewarm. The whole plate was pretty bland, and with every bite I took I knew my stomach would be paying for it later. So I only ate half, then popped 3 tums and hoped for the best. I ended not having serious food poisoning, but I definitely felt uncomfortable all night.On the other hand, my husband didn't think his food was too bad. His chicken burrito did  have a couple bones in it. He liked the beef taco. I might come back for a breakfast burrito. After all, it is hard to screw up an egg and potato burrito. It seems like this food would taste much better while drunk or hungover.
3	Los Betos is standard Phoenix Mexican fast food.  It's no different than any of the joints ending in "berto's".The tacos were good with ample portions of beef stuffed into them.  I didn't care for the Jamaica drink.  It had more of a natural taste as opposed to the more sugary versions I am used to.  That may be a plus for some.This joint is not in my neck of the woods and I just happened to be driving by.  I wouldn't go out of my way to return but if I find myself in the area with a taste for Mexican I wouldn't hesitate to stop by.
5	Love Los Betos!!! It is nothing fancy, but after a night of drinking it definitely hits the spot. You don't have to be drunk to eat here, most of the food is good all the time. Personally I stick with their breakfast burritos and have never had an issue with it not being hot or cooked right.
4	I so love the egg, ham, and cheese burritos and they're served all day!
3	Had an awesome breakfast burrito this morning. A lot for your money. Better than the Filibertos across the street & cheaper. Love their Cali burrito!
1	Ran through their drive through last Thursday. The employee working the window seemed to speak english perfectly but kept asking me to repeat the order. (it happens so whatever, thought nothing of it despite the fact I only ordered one item).After the 3rd time, he said "pull up". I pulled up to the window and had my card ready but was surprised to see said employee chatting away on his cell phone. He didn't say anything to me, not even my total and because I was dumb enough to have my cc ready in my hand out the window, he yoinked it and promptly charged it and continued chatting away on his cell phone IN FRONT OF ME.I'm a cell phone whore just as much as the next person but I have the decency to know when and where this is appropriate. THIS WAS NOT THE TIME/PLACE, DUHHH much???I stared down said employee thinking "surely, he MUST be getting off the phone to actually, ya know, provide SERVICE?" He eventually walked into the back out of sight, still never having said ANYTHING, not even "you want salsa?".At least when I go across the street to Filiberto's, they have the decency to 1) give me a bloody freaking total and 2) ask me if I want some fu***** hot sauce. I'm not expecting a 5 star level of service (I'm realistic, not stupid) but stuff like this makes me want to shove cell phones up the employee's  noses. I won't be back.
5	I love this place. Everything I have ever had here is yummy! Not once has my order been wrong. Plus the $5 for 5 tacos is great!
1	Went through the drive through for lunch a few weeks back. Had been craving a carne asada burrito. It took longer then I expected for a drive through, no big deal.Tasted pretty good, I was impressed. Always glad to find a quick burrito place for those occasional cravings.Later that day went to dinner with some friends. Before I ate anything at dinner something in the belly wasn't feeling right. Started feeling bloated and slightly nauseated. Left early and went home.Arrived home, ran to the bathroom. Didn't leave for 6 hours. Not going to go into detail but I was sick as hell for the next 36 hours. Both ends.Never again.Unless you're 8lbs from your ideal weight and don't care how you get there, avoid this place at all costs.Food poisoning is awful.
5	Long story short I have eaten here twice a day for close to a week and have not died. If I could have a I.V. of their horchata going straight into me I would. They my best friends, my only friends..
3	Cheap, quick mexican food.  Don't come here if you're looking for high quality.  Look at the prices & the environment & you got what you came in for.
4	authentic fast food mexican like the ppl don't even understand english that work here and I had to pull around to the window to give my order. i highly recommend the carne asade fries it so huge-like at least 2 meals worth for $10 and so delicious with all the fixings you can think of-worth the 2000 calories.
