4	Four words:Video Games And Beer!I was broke that night so I was rocking a sucktastic Coor's Light in a mug the size of a small grain silo that cost me less than six bucks before tip.  The games are all run on these rechargable cards.  They have tons of video games, and of course skee ball and those silly basketball hoops.  Bring friends, get silly, and play some games.You're not likely to meet a girl here unless she's working.  Do yourself a favor and don't bother the help unless you're just so fabulous that they cannot resist you.  In which case, you and I can be the two exceptions.  Or you could be daring and lure a girl here.  Come on, video games are almost cool now!Ladies, if you're looking for an eligible geeky guy who's possibly socially challenged but likely trainable, this would be a prime spot.  When I was there it wasn't all that busy (Monday night) but the staff seemed friendly and eager to please.There was a slight incident with an overly friendly guy who wanted to be our personal trainer on this game that resembles DDR but is too hard for words because of all the hopping skipping and jumping in different directions.  Anyways, I'm pretty certain by the lack of uniform that he was not working there, just trying to be friendly.  A little too friendly.  But back to the game itself.  Man it was hard!  But hey, if you don't mind looking retarded in public,  which I don't, -especially when playing video games - it's great cardio.Play Time Crisis 4 at least once.  Tell them I made you.Edit:I hear what Max is saying.  There were no kids there when I was there.  I suggest you go later and drink more.
2	Four-letter-words: You have been warned...Shitty bar with shitty bar food. There are tons of video games, but honestly I'd rather play with my Xbox 360. It's a nice idea and people from my generation who grew up with arcades being a normal thing should be thankful they have a place to go that isn't golfland or chucky cheese or peter piper pizza - but seriously, this place is uncool and lame. Nothing hip about it. Granted, I went around 4pm on a weekday...The games aren't anything special either. And worst of all, when I went the place was packed with kids. Fuck you, take your stupid asshole kids somewhere else so they can get their filthy booger-laiden sticky fingers on games I'm not going to touch. Chucky Cheese is your place, you dick... hell, they serve beer at Peter Piper too - so take em there instead. You're probably the same cunts that take your noisy retard kids to an R rated movie at 10pm.  You know, once when I was like 19 I went to Chucky Cheese with some friends because we thought it would be fun to relive our youth and such and we got thrown out because we didn't have kids with us... they should throw kids out of this fucking place. It's only fair.The concept of D & B as I understand it is to give adults a place to play games and drink and whatnot. Poorly executed I think. Even the prize shop where you cash in your tickets (super lame idea to incorporate into such a place) had lame prizes.I dated a girl for awhile who had friends that liked to go to Jillians on occasion. They were fucking dorks and that place was lame... Dave and Busters is lamer. Maybe I'm jaded because I miss the old glory days of arcades and pool halls... plus, I've been to E3 (Electronic Entertainment Expo) 5 times and that's pretty much like a Dave and Busters that's about 1000 times cooler and that takes up the entire Staples Center in LA. Just think about all the most sophisticated video games and technology that hasn't been released to the public yet under one giant roof - they give you free shit and let you play games - celebritys show up - hot model girls dressed in slutty video game costumes pretend to like you - famous bands play live sets - the military shows up and shows off new high tech gear - and they usually have a half pipe where famous skaters do a skate demo. After that, I guess it takes a lot to impress me. Dave and Busters won't cut it. Actually - I would've thought Dave and Busters was lame before I ever went to E3.. probably. Actually, Gameworks in Arizona Mills is cooler even though it's overrun with tweenage gangsters. I'm actually surprised I gave it 2 stars... it deserves 1.5 probably. It sucks... but go ahead and have fun there... don't listen to me.
3	I want to be the mayor of my own little electric wonderland! As mayor I promise to offer a fully stocked bar of spirits and fountains of cold beer to allow my constituency to quench their thirst while drunkenly lobbing skee balls down the lanes, spilling beers on the air hockey table, and riding bitch on virtual motorcycles. To remind them of their stay in my land of delight, I'll let them redeem tickets for cheap-o trinkets with the name of my wonderland plastered all over 'em. I'd be the kind of mayor that brings back the nip of scotch with my loyal sycophants on a lazy afternoon and I'd give teenage hooligans the boot, telling them to go frolick in Tilly's or Charlotte Russe because my electric wonderland is a den of iniquity and requires a chaperone over 25 for anyone under the age of 18. Too keep the masses happy I'd offer a massive feast at reasonable prices, with appetizers, soups, salads, sandwiches, burgers, ribs, seafood, pasta, chicken, steaks and sweet, sweet desserts. And to make them feel like they're getting their money's worth, maybe I'll create little indulgences like happy hours and meal deals. Between 4:30 and 7:00 Monday through Friday I'll let my lovely little bunnies indulge in cheap drinks and offer a Power Hour game card for ten bucks that allows all the game play their little hearts desire for a whole hour! And maybe I'll even offer a reverse happy hour from 10:00 to close Sunday through Thursday... Yeah, that's a great idea, and I'll make my closing hours midnight Sunday through Thursday and one in the morning on Friday and Saturday! Now, meal deals, meal deals, how about an Eat and Play combo? It would consist of 25 meals and a ten dollar game card for $15.99, and I'd give them the option of adding an extra ten bucks to their game card for an even 25 bucks. Now I'd be a generous mayor, but I still have to pay for the infrastructure somehow, so I'd have to put a time limit on this awesome deal. Let's say Sunday through Thursday from open to close and until 5 in the evening on Friday and Saturday.And I'll sneak in a $2.00 activation fee for all new cards (except those with my mega meal deal), but to sweeten the blow I'll let my followers retain their cards to recharge them in the future, fee free! And I'll let 'em accumulate their ticket count over time to keep them coming back for more, more, MORE!As mayor I will create a land where divorced dads with their kiddos, young couples looking for some goofy fun and video game nerds can coexist, with a happy beer buzz and over stimulated pupils the size of dinner plates due to my flashing lights, whirling colors and jaunty winning noises. It'll be like a casino, but it won't be a place where dreams go to die. Saturdays will be the most crowded, but will still be manageable in size, as the mob ebbs and flows between midway and video games. There will be skee ball, air hockey, basketball free throw games, streaming water races, those games where the horse runs fast when you roll little balls into holes, virtual bowling, wacky drop the coin games, old skool Pac Man, Donkey Kong and Space Invaders, House of the Dead, motorcycle and racecar games, virtual boxing and my personal favorite, Super Trivia, where six people match wits against one another and get hundreds of tickets if they're super suave like me! Then they can trade those tickets in for junk like nose hair trimmers in the shape of a finger, t-shirts with our emblem on it, Chinese finger traps and jumbo pixie sticks!Ooo, ooo, and there will be fun little shots in those bottom heavy hourglass-shaped shot glasses where the mixer goes in the bottom and the shot goes in the top. And I'll even let 'em keep the shot glass, class act that I am. I can see it now, my own personal funland...What? Dave and Buster's already snaked my idea? Those sneaky fucking bastards. I guess I'll just have to go there if I'm feeling the need for a little goofy fun.Edit: By no means order anything that can't be produced by the divest of dive bars' short order cook. The food blows harder than a hooker trying to make rent on the 30th of the month. The games turn me into a giddy little girl, but the food turns me into a surly wench. Don't do it.
3	Well, don't let my gender fool ya. I love to play video games and romp around like a kid on Ritalin. Yep, it's true. So imagine my sheer delight when my creative work cohorts and myself planned an outing to the newly opened D&B's in Tempe Marketplace. I was so excited, I arrived like 10 minutes early to scope out the place. Sure, I had been to Jillian's at Desert Ridge. I had fun, but wasn't impressed with their games. That's why I thought D&B's would be, like, so much better. (cue the rolling of the eyes...now!) Why can't I have my adult playland? Why do I have to be surrounded by crappy arcade games and whirling, twirling stupid sound machines? No, I don't want to actually be 10 again and be amazed by cheap arcade games. I want to be amazed I can go someplace and pretend I'm 10 again. Make sense?So, my friend and I started at the air hockey table. Uhm, since when did the air hockey puck not float and get stuck in the sides of the board? Talk about a killjoy. After that, we headed over to the fenced in basketball goals. You know, those crazy ones that moves back and forth and shout obnoxious things at you? Yeah, those. Eh, after a couple games, I'm bored. I don't want a moving target. I want a real shoot out competition. That's why I was glad to see real basketball goals, two of 'em, so I could have the shoot out I wanted to badly. That's where you'd find me, if I were to ever go back to D&B's. Forget the air hockey and motorcycle video games. Nevermind the boxing game that's surely rigged (I was totally ducking, a$$hole!). I'm camping out at the basketball game. To me, it's the only one that feels like a grown-up game. Yeah, the trivia game is fun, but one round is, like, 5 questions. It takes me longer to tie my shoes. Sheesh. Rip off. Let down. Talk about a premature... Ok, so maybe I'm going overboard. Back to the games. With air hockey, trivia, boxing and both b-ball games played, what was left? I went on a hunt to find the martial arts game, cuz, let's face it, I love that game. I love pretending to kick the livin' $hit out of somebody. Well, I couldn't find it. Talk about the rest of the air deflating from my wanna-be balloon. So, the real question is this: Did I have fun? Yes, I did. I admit it, but I spent a great portion of my time wandering around, hoping and wishing for more adult games, like virtual reality and the kind you'd find in a "Must Be This Cool to Play" arcade. I wanted to throw real punches and kicks. I guess I was hoping for a total fun experience (simulated skydiving anyone?) and expecting more of a wii experience than one that offers me silly games that you can find in any ol' place, like GameWorks. Or worse, the state fair.
1	So when a friend told me that D&B was a bar with a full arcade, my immediate reaction was "What!?  Seriously!?  When are we are going to go!?!?" and I guess I should have known from her luke warm reaction (which was a look that said "ahhh YOU can go anytime YOU want") that it sounded much better on paper than in reality.The first time I entered the door the overwhelming sports theme was so obnoxious that I just couldn't handle it and I turned around and left.Last night my (beautiful) date was up for bar food and this was our only option.  And what do you know?  First impressions do matter! And sometimes you CAN judge a book by it's cover.  I had a $20 steak which was tough, fatty and included NO FRIES/POTATOES and NO SALAD!  Not exactly a great value.  Plus it sucked ass.That said, I've got to say, my favorite part of the experience was, that even though this place is a huge cheesy sports bar full of harmless bright shinny suburban clones ... for some reason, management feels the need to have, not one, not two, not three but FOUR fat bouncers to greet you at the door.  A very scary place indeed!**  FYI, if your the type that likes the genre of big shinny sports an/ or dance bars ... you really need to discount this, and all of my Yelps!  Clearly this place is popular (or it wouldn't be a corporate chain).
3	The NRA is laughing at me right now. Bears and squirrels love me. Thank you D&B for confirming that I should never go hunting or shoot guns. If the hunting video game could have given me a negative score, I probably would have gotten it.We just had to check it out while we waited for a free concert to begin, even if my dexterity and video game skillz aren't quite what they were back in 1989 and even if we had to endure multiple nerd alerts.This place is predictable.  Great concept, weak execution.  Average food, small weak cocktails and as others have said before tons of video games, skeeball and the like. The Thursday night scene consisted of ASU students, young suburban couples and packs of 20-something dudes, and thankfully no kids in sight. The rechargeable card thing isn't exactly intuitive. I ended up getting charged a few more times than I should have.  Doh.I'll probably come back when my 19 year old brother is in town, but for now I'll stick with house get-togethers for video games.
4	Met up with a bunch of folks over here last night. Located in the new Tempe Marketplace it is a busy hang out.I don't know about the food (didn't eat), but playing skeeball drunk just works... And amazingly the prizes you earn with your tickets are decent (compared to pizza joints that rip off little kids for junk). I got myself a nice shiny Dave and Busters shot glass.Unfortunately the upstairs was not yet open... I will return for air hockey when it does.
2	Take a group and go late.There are two key issues that present hurdles to having an all around good time at Dave and Busters. The first issue is the food is terribly overpriced and the quality was not impressive as I have found it to be greasy at times or overcooked. The second issue revolves around the bloody ankle biters, why you would want to drag your kids to a bar is far beyond me (I do however see why having kids can make you want to drink heavily) so the only obvious circumvention is to go later in the evening to avoid the annoyance. The variety of arcade games is not bad. They have several group play racing and trivia games but they are missing some staple crowd pleasing games like air hockey and strangely absent are the fighting style games (Tekken, Street Fighter, Mortal Combat, etc.).   In a nutshell go later in the evening with a group for the games and stick to a simple faire of bar food or you might find yourself sorely disappointed. Tempe Market Place is a great place to wonder around in this time of year (spring) with a variety of restaurants, shops, etc. Dave and Busters is worth spending an hour or two in but if you want decent food I would look elsewhere.
1	I'm used to the Dave and Busters in Cleveland Ohio which is the size of a small cityThis Dave and Busters is much smaller than the Cleveland one, and it didn't have a lot of my favorite games  :(Next time I'll just stick in my hood and go to GameworksDave and Busters - Gameworks - Jillians = all the same!  THEY'RE THE SAME!Just go to the one closest to your house.Boo.
3	I would give the food two stars but because I did have fun playing video games I'll give it three stars. It was 10pm on a Saturday night and Gary and I had both been working non stop since 11am, we were hungry and wanted to do something fun... I said video games??? and got his attention right away. We took a stroll through the arcade to peruse our selection.  We found Ms. Pac-man, the only game Gary wanted to play.  So we had dinner first. We split a Spinach Dip, 4 mini hamburgers and the fondue.  It was all just.... okay.  There were WAY more chips than dip, and the chips by themselves sucked.  The mini hamburgers were pretty good but only because they were on hawaiian rolls.  The fondue would have been better if we had more melted chocolate.  We ended up with left over marshmallows, brownie bites, graham crackers and bananas....  Oh, his martini was pretty good.  I had a couple of sips and really liked the glowing green sugar rim.For what we ordered, it was pretty expensive and the portions were not divided accordingly. THEN we went to play some games.  It took Gary three tries but he blew the high score that was on Ms. Pac-man out of the water!  So he was happy.  That was his goal.  We also shot some hoops, I even made 6 whole points! Yay!  We played a helicopter game and that sucked because I didn't get it... and we finished up on the motorcycles and raced each other about 5 times.  I do like video games but he always beats me...We checked out the shop where you trade in your tickets but since we don't need anything we gave our tickets to three little kids to share.If I was looking for something to do late one night, they close at 1am, I might go back to play video games... but I would never eat here again.
3	This place actually deserves 3 1/2 stars.  I went to the one located on Tatum Blvd.  It use to be some other kind of restaurant/game place before.  My husband and I met up with a big group that was visiting from out of town and it was great for that.  They have some good deal where you buy a dinner for a certain amount (i want to say $15.99, but don't hold me on it) and you get a $10 game card.  Not bad, especially if you have a lot of people into playing the games.  We also ended up in the bowling section and had a blast.  Wait staff good and attentive.  Also, a big plus about them...you don't feel like you're being police patrolled...or that someone is going to walk up to you in 5 seconds shining a light in your face with a Breathalyzer just because your on your second drink in an hour and a half.
4	Ya know, this place isn't that half bad, but honestly, I don't come here to play the games.  I only came here to eat, and that was awesome.I like it here, even though this place is an adult chuckie cheeses.  I can appriciate the fact that they have games n stuff, but I'm not into that.Traditional menu, with burgers, salads, chicken, and an all around fair selection of stuff to eat.  I got the burger, but I dont remember what Austin had to eat.  Our server was Hillel, and he was such a wonderful guy, and paid attention to us during our visit.I would return,  and had a good time.  Not bad.
4	As much as I like Gameworks, you can't drink and drive at Gameworks! I like the fact you can drink, drink, drink to your hearts content and then play video games with other stupidly drunk adults at Dave and Buster's!I've been to many D&B's in CA and they were all much larger, had a wider selection of games, and were decorated to a tee. This place doesn't quite live up, however there's always a place in my heart for Dave and Buster's, no matter how small and cheezy because I can drink ALCOHOL while slamming tokens into a game to win lots of tickets. Whee! They've got a pretty decent happy hour too. The food is blech, wouldn't eat it again and it's expensive too. Everything else makes me happy. I was soooooooooo happy to see a Dave and Buster's finally make it to Arizona!
2	My previous experience with D&B is all East Coast, so I had some pre-conceived expectations prior to this visit. Those establishments were the size of small countries that I've visited in Europe! This one... not so much. I would actually rate this location a solid 2.5 stars, but since I wasn't overwhelmed, I rounded down. I took a single-mom friend and her kids here for a night out. We went on a Thursday night, so it wasn't overly packed, but there was a nice crowd. Having experienced D&B food before (not that there is really anything wrong with it, just meh and way overpriced), we ate at the nummy Cheeseburger Cheeseburger down the way. Definitely a good choice.Upon arrival we navigated the maze of tables to the "card charging station" and loaded up our plastic. The kids ran amok like junkies in a poppy field for about 45 minutes - tickets filling their little buckets. Mom and I trailed behind, people watching. This was by far the most interesting activity of the night. There was the scary man at the boxing game that had seen one too many steroids. His neck was two feet wide and the GUI boxer opponent had no choice but to pummel that huge target. My friend and I actually considered giving this one a try until we saw his display. His grunts and thrusts had us looking for cover for fear that he would turn on us and our laughter would definitely give away our location. There was the skeletal like goth-anorexic girl that had doubled her size by applying thick layers of black makeup. And there were the high school jocks that all walked with that inexplicable bounce that teen boys have. Like I said, for us it was all about the people watching.The highlight of the evening happened at the jump rope simulation. We all discovered that jumping over an electronic eye posed far more of a challenge than anyone could imagine. Seriously this thing was way too funny (not so much for the jumper, but rather those watching the jumper contort and pounce).Seventy-five minutes after entering, we were all out of money and selecting our "prizes" from the D&B store of crap. All in all we had a decent time. So why you may ask would I give this a 2 star rating? Well this little 75 minute trip into game land cost me $175 dollars and all I got to show for it was a bruise from when I was hiding from the roided dude on the boxing game. Yes there were 5 of us, but if I'm going to throw down this kind of money on games, I'm definitely going to Game Works!
2	Drinking + Arcade Games. This should be an obvious winner, right? Wrong.Oh, how wrong. Eating here is like eating in a casino, only less classy and with worse food. Beers are overpriced but absolutely necessary to make it through the event. Those combo deals that include beers and a game card seem like a good idea, until it's 45 minutes later, you're out of points, you're nowhere near drunk and you've already spent $40.If you go late, try not to get syphilis when you walk by San Felipe's.
5	this place has a really nice bathroom. honestly that is all i remember. i was very very very drunk. i don't even think i meant to go in here. but they let me in after checking my ID. didn't mind i was stumbling all over the place. once i made it to the restroom, i pee'd all over the wall. stumbled back out and wondered where i was. Tempe Marketplace? how the hell did i get here???
4	I don't understand why this place has gotten such a negative reaction from some people. Beer... and video games.  Sign me up!In my opinion, this place knocks the socks off of Gameworks.  When I drink beer at Dave and Buster's, I don't have to go upstairs, drink, go downstairs, play, then go upstairs again.  The viscious cycle has been removed.  I can set my beer right next to the arcade.Gameworks is fun, sure, but I think that little kids are gross.  They have boogers on their fingers.  There aren't any booger-fingery little bastards running around at D & B.  This place can be a little pricey, but it's not overly pricey.  These aren't dive bar prices.  The way I see it, I'm paying a little extra so as to remove myself from the threat of having a baby scream right next to me, right when I'm about to shoot a zombie.Also, one time, I won enough tickets to get a Star Wars film cell.  Dorky?  You're damn right, it is.  Is that shit hanging up on a shelf at home, right now, as we speak?  You're damn right, it is.
1	On the outside, this place is great.Here is my story.I was at this place with a group of friends who were holding an event there.  Two of my friends, who happen to be gay, were trying to find a restroom.  There was an open door, so they went through it thinking maybe there was a restroom back there.They were told it was an area for employees only, they apologized and said they were looking for a restroom, and then left the hall.They went to go look somewhere else for the restroom, and they were stopped by an employee.  This employee radioed a manager after responding with disgust to the fact that they were holding hands.Before you know it, there are no less than 5 employees, 2 of which were managers, around my friends, peppering them with questions and threatening to throw them out.Mind you - we PAID to rent this place out.  They were *actually* looking for the restroom.  Nothing was out of place.  Except that it was two guys holding hands looking for a restroom.After enough of us stood up and asked the management staff why they were giving our friends a hard time, the employee mob started to shrink down, and the manager left.  One of them obviously very pissed off.My friends were not intoxicated, they were not agressive, they were two gay guys who happened to walk down the wrong hallway looking for a restroom.The management staff was aggressive and rude.  Without cause.It took 5 other people coming over to get them to back off.You put it together.  This place will never see another dime of my money.
3	fun place, lots of different types of games, good drinks, waitresses will look around to find you if you order a drink from them.
2	An update to this review.  After all this happened, the event organizers complained to the corporate office.Apparently, the follow up to this was that the manager who was leading the charge on doing this was fired.Good riddance.
2	Met a friend for lunch here this week and it was just plain Meh (Thanks for the perfect word Yelp). It was a Monday afternoon so the place was totally dead which can either be a really cool thing (great, attentive service) or not so great ("hello, hello" echoing through the place) - it was the latter. I got a chicken sandwich, pretty safe usually and it wasn't half bad.. it just wasn't half good either. They serve that crappy syrupy iced tea which I hate, and on top of that they disappear when you are out of your drink which is even more insulting when the place is empty. I suppose this place does what it is supposed to at a basic level- they feed you and you don't die, but I will make it a point to head somewhere else. Or I'll just stop in for the overpriced games :)
4	I may be 22 (right now) but I still am, and probably always will be, an immature kid at heart.  Dave and Buster's is really the grown up version of Chuck E. Cheese.  They've got a bar, a full service restaurant, and lots and lots of games.  YAY!The husband and I decided to try the place for dinner sometime after watching one of those stupid commercials that promises you dinner and games for 15 bucks.  Unfortunately, there is a catch to that which is only Sunday - Thursday (open to close) and Friday and Saturday until 5 pm.  Oh well, I wasn't that put out, I just spent more money.  I got some sort of bbq dish because it said it used Jack Daniel's BBQ sauce.  It didn't but it still tasted pretty good.  It also came with a big fat pile of onion strings, which is on of my ultimate weaknesses.  My knees get all wobbly at the thought.  The service in the "restaurant" section is decent.  Nothing to write home about, but they do their job right.  That's all I can ask really.The game selection is pretty awesome.  They have the most recent versions of House of the Dead and Time Crisis, so I was pretty damn happy.  Of course they have the usual Skee Ball and Basketball games too.  Overall, a pretty decent value considering how much arcade games have inflated their prices.D&B's is a fun place to go.  I've never been with a group, but I imagine with a couple libations and a fully loaded game card, it could be a wicked awesome night there.  Watch out though, it seems to get packed every Saturday night.
4	Below I will give you some great advice on why and when to come here.  This will not be a food or service review.  Why? Because it's an arcade.  Regardless of their availabality or eatability of their food, I will come here for two things only, give or take: "House of the Dead" and "Aliens".  My friends and I have burned through $100 of gametime on the "Aliens" game.  I saw that movie when it was released in theaters in the 80s. It was my first sci-fi movie, the scariest movie I had ever seen, and it had the most incredible machine guns...but they were more than my feeble brain could comprehend.  it still can't wrap itself around these futuristic man-toys - but now I can hold one and shoot nasty, scary Aliens with them, too.  I feel just like Sigourney Weaver with fatigues.But I digress...Come here with the intent of spending hours on the Arcade games.  Don't come here for the food, don't come here for the "Eat and Play" combo.  Yeah, it's $15.99, and it gets you an entree and a $10 game card, but your choices will be BAR FOOD. burger, sandwhiches, dips, wings, nachos, yada yada.If you come here with the intention of gettin plowed with your friends, then sucking at the Arcade Games because you can't focus...here are the best times for doing so:Happy Hour: Mon-Fri, 1/2 price cocktails, beer and wine specials - 4:30-7pLate Nite Happy Hour: Sun-Thurs, same specials as happy hourhowever, i personally can do both simultaenously. and quite well. so happy hour here is a no brainer, as it is also "power hour!"If you are like me and can spend 2-3 hours here, easy, on one or two games, the following are for you:POWER HOUR: Mon-Fri 4:30-7:00, 60min. for $10 (cheap date? half off cocktails and $10 game play in one hour?)WEDNESDAY: 1/2 off all gamesother games i will play on 1/2 off game days:feel like i am on jeopardy by playing the super awesome "Super Trivia" (oh yes, i believe there is room for four other competitors, and you win tickets)jump into the driver's seat of a nascar in "Daytona USA"sweat like a maniac in "dance dance revolution"Finally, if you are a ticket game person and think you will walk out of there with a new stereo because you kick ass at SkiBall, think again.  Three of us played for three hours, had thousands of tickets, and walked out of there with a shotglass, some jelly bellies, and a fart machine.  Expect to spend hundreds, if not more - in order to get something half way decent.
4	I had a really positive experience at Dave & Buster's yesterday, as I expected to.  What I did not count on was the A+ drink known as the "Snow Cone" from their cocktail menu.  Mmm!  I also sampled the fried shrimp which was incredibly yummy but overpriced at $13.49.  Each cocktail was around $7 which was fair for the quality and alochol content.  Boyfriend had the chicken wings and loved 'em!  We also played $35 worth of games and spent a solid 3 hours gaming.  We also played with the photo booth in the back to find out what our future child would look like!  lol  The photo booth uses 20 gamer points and is WELL worth it!  This was a huge place great for big groups!  Not as many games as I'd like to see, but it's definitely a better deal than a night at Gameworks at Arizona Mills.
5	In comparison to the other Dave & Busters, this one is HEAVEN!  There are hardly any children at this one, and the majority of the clientele is my age.  The machines work better here, the selection is better, you don't have to walk upstairs to go play, and you don't get ripped off.  Yay for Tempe D&B!
3	This review is simply done on the games and arcade. I have not eaten at this D & B 's(yet). Compared to the several other D & B's I've gone to around the US, this location falls short with the games. The variety just isn't there and there seems to be less games than other locations. The one good thing, unlike other locations, you don't have to wait for most games too long  (if any).
3	The food: * *The fun: * * * *I went with the average of the two here. The food was nothing special... extremely generic, generally bland, and blatantly overpriced. The only things worse were the drink prices. I would only get something to eat here if you're doing the "Eat and Play" combo deal (or whatever it's called). The games on the other hand are a pretty cool addition to a night of food and drinks. There's pretty much something for everyone, from the traditional skeeball to the more ornate virtual boxing. I have fun skipping around like a three year old from one game to another, collecting tickets along the way like I'm driving through Texas. Georgeann G and I tried the "what your baby would look like" machine and the kid looked like Mike TV from Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, that was pretty memorable. Don't forget your fun...
3	Went by this D&B for lunch and some games earlier today.  I'm not usually a fan of D&B food, but today I tried the Parmesan Chicken Alfredo ($11) and was pleasantly surprised by the taste.  The portion was large, so felt like I got my money's worth.  The others ordered the Goldfingers Eat & Play Combo ($15.99 / chicken tenders & fries) and the Buffalo Bar Chicks (pretty much buffalo chicken tenders on dinner rolls).  This D&B's gaming area is smaller than the one I go to in Arcadia (CA) and there are fewer games too.  My sister assures me this D&B is pretty happening during weekends/evening hours, but right now I have a hard time believing this.  I'll go with friends next time and have a few drinks at the bar during evening hours.  It feels nice to not have to "fight" other patrons for the games.  I like to "cheat" and get loads of tickets by spinning that huge ticket wheel...always a line for that one.  I hit the jackpot and got 1,000 tickets...yay!!!  The prizes aren't worth much, but hey, we go here to have fun and pretend to be kids for a few hours.  I love that this D&B is located at the Tempe Marketplace.  I can take off to go shopping if I get bored, hehe.
5	If you are looking for a better steak in an arcade setting you are out of luck.
1	Compared to other D&Bs around the country, this one is pure crap. Where most D&Bs have well planned, permanent eating areas (booths), this one has an empty area with a bunch of tables and chairs thrown in there. There is more comfort and ambiance at Chuck E Cheese!The food and service here is also worse than any other D&Bs I've ever been to. I think they abducted their wait staff from McDonalds. The games are standard, nothing special there. Overpriced as always. I suppose if you're some drunk college kid who doesn't know any better, this place is heaven, but for the rest of us it's a waste of time and money.P.S. I have to laugh at the dumbass who complained about the fact that there are children at an arcade! Oh the nerve!!! How dare parents bring children to an arcade!?!? Get a life snigglenuts!
4	Yesterday my group at work had a team building lunch followed by a competitive round of games. We were a group of about 20 with prior reservations and they had a separate room awaiting our arrival. There was one main waitress who was assisted by a couple of others when the food was served.  If I didn't look around at my dining companions, I wouldn't have felt like I was in a large group. The drinks were brought out quickly and promptly filled. When the food was brought out, the orders were correct, the temperature was excellent and it didn't take long to serve everyone. I had the blackened chicken pasta and it was a good sized portion, good flavor and an all around descent meal for the price.  I would definitely order it again.While we were eating the store manager came out and gave us a background on the company's history, the business model, how it has adjusted to the recession and described the length of time and number of staff it requires to open a new location. The newer models are smaller and require less time and resources to open - 45 days and a new store can be ready to go. This location is approximately 53,000 sq feet, while there are smaller ones around 15,000 sq feet. After lunch, we broke up into teams and played 5 different games in a head to head format. Everyone had a good time and enjoyed not only the dining, but the gaming experience. I have been to the location in Atlanta and this was just as fun.  It was an excellent team builder and gave me the opportunity to check out this location. Bravo to the bosses for picking this place.
3	Had some really good drinks here, the bartenders were awesome and kept things moving. Went here with a group that was willing to wait 2 hours for a table...pretty ridiculous but whatever, I figured the arcade and drinks were enough to keep us occupied while we were waiting.We ended up waiting way over 2 hours to finally get seated and by that time I was happy just to eat any kind of food. D&B's is cool, but I most likely wouldn't stay here to chill sober.
3	Stopped in here a bit late, thinking it was going to stay open as other Dave & Busters in california, but was wrong, they close way to early when other venues are still open across the way.This Dave & Busters is a bit smaller then the other locations, but still does the job, i did not taste their food, i am sure it is just like any other D&B and the drinks were just as good.Staff was helpful and polite to my request to have a few rounds before their closing time.Only problem i see here is that it closes way to early, stay open longer guys!Great Location though.
3	I went there for food a few weeks ago and the service was slow. It might have had to do with the fact I was there on a friday night and the place was packed. I have gone here for dinner in the middle of the week and the service was much better, though. As for the games, they're your traditional games to play. They're always fun... when you're drunk. lol!
1	I was actually really disappointed. I grew up going to D&B in Texas when I'd visit my family there and absolutely loved the place, but the locale at Tempe Marketplace would kind of a let down. I definitely wouldn't grade their food an A, it was decent but I mean it's 'playground' for kids and big kids alike I suppose, so you're not necessarily going for the food.But the cleanliness was horrible. I walked into the womans bathroom and almost every stall was clogged/or cluttered as if it had been TP'd by a bunch of children.Our waiter was a great help and super nice, but when I approached someone on the management staff in regards to the untidy bathroom the mans response was, "Don't worry about it we have someone on it" . I was seriously a bit taken back at his response and it rubbed me the wrong way. Don't think I'll be making another trip back, anytime soon.
3	I like Dave & Busters. It's a fun place to just hang out. I ate their food the first time the other night, and the food was just okay. I would rather either just sit at the bar and get a soda, or play games. also, kinda weird, but my soda cost more than my boyfriend alcoholic drink..
1	Um.... Okay?  That pretty much sums up my experience with Dave and Busters.  I would not recommend this place unless you are into playing arcade games.    I went with some coworkers and their spouses.  We chose D&B because we thought it would a fun way to bond as a team.  We started off with dinner. The menu looked promising for American style food.... and then it came out.  Nothing was tasty, not even the French fries, who screws up French fries?  Okay, so we didn't go there for the food we went there for the games and such.  We were told that it was an adult atmosphere, and by adults,  I can only assume they meant over  13?  The only activities centered towards adults were the pool tables which had a 3 hour wait.  Also the whole upstairs was shut down for a private party.  We played a few arcade games to use up our $20 of purchased tickets while drinking a watered down rum and coke and then headed to Cadillac ranch.
4	Went to D&B wednesday 5/19/10 my GF and I where meeting another couple for dinner, drinks and some fun, luckily you can have all of those at D&B. our friends where running late so we started playing a few games, and we had to reload our cards.this is where the only bad thing about my experiance at tempe D&B was, at the scottsdale location they give 10% off for military when you reload your card, which since i do the $50 everytime then do the supercharge, basically i get the supercharge for free, which i like a lot, according to the lady at the front desk the tempe one doesn't do that.So we reloaded our cards played a few games, putting the annual spanking on my gf in nascar. our friends arrived and we sat down for dinner, and so did a large (20 or so) group well it was happy hour and you can't pass up 1/2 off drinks right?! we put in our order and it was just taking awhile, as it turned out our order was in after the large group, and we had to wait. well not long after the train of wait staff brought out their million dishes we recieved ours, both our waiter (Jason i believe) and the manager (i'm assuming) came and told us that dessert was on them, SWEET! (no pun intended). our food was good also only problem being that one of our chicken wings had a lot of fat on it. I had trhe southwest grilled chicken salad, I'd say that i should have handed over my man card but when a salad is that good (and considering the crap fried food i had for lunch) i held on to it. now If we could just get rid of all the kids after 9pm...
4	Came here few months ago to chill with the boyfriend while he was here for work.  Compared to the D&B in the bay of Cali, this is a bit cleaner with a much more spacious dining area.  The BF did the $15.99 eat/play combo (pasta/chicken thing I didn't care for) and I think I got the $21.99 eat/play combo just because I felt like having salmon that night--nothing too spectacular, pretty hard to mess up salmon, but I've had better salmon elsewhere.  The arcade area seemed smaller than the one in Cali, but maybe because there's more space to spread out...the selection of prizes seemed smaller, too...but then again, there are only so many variations of mugs, cups, shot glasses...+ Live band playing outdoors on a Friday night, great night life...it is sizzling hot during the day in this hood!- Some people can get kind of out of control...drinks, heat, music, shoulder to shoulder crowd...you get the picture.
3	Any arcade where you can take your kids AND drink is good in my book!Like most of the other arcade type restaurants (Peter Piper, Chuck E Cheese), you pay out the butt for the games.  Then you earn squat on tickets which  you have to collect about a million to trade in for anything decent.They make a mean raspberry mojito!
3	Went on a Saturday night and had dinner there.  The food was nothing spectacular, but I wasn't expecting more than bar food.  Decent selection of drinks.  The location in Tempe Market place is great.  I think they should add more games and have more games that aren't ticket redemption.  I was sad they didn't even have Mario Kart.  Still, I want to go back and try the eat/play combo.
3	I came here with my best friend on friday and It was a good place. Took the waitress to acknowledge us for the first 15 minutes we were seated, but the food was good. I think this would be a good place for large groups, parties etc.
3	Food is decent and the fun factor is better. When most of the good ticket games are more than 3 credits, which is about a dollar, having fun here can cost alot of dough.
3	Dave and Buster's is a cool place.I had the sliders. (good)2 cocktails (okay)The staff (awesome)The games I didn't play.  I tried to buy tokens or cards or whatever you get, but I didn't want to pay $25 dollars for the cheapest credit.  I just wanted to play the jump rope game.  Geeze man.  One game, that's all I wanted to play.  There must be another way.I will return when I have $25 dollars to throw away on arcade games.
1	Worst Dave and Busters ever! The food was ok. The service was horrible. Our waitress accused one of my friends of underage drinking. She brought her manager over to our table and carded my friend who is 22. He then started asking questions and walk away with his ID. He Came back a few mins later and gave my friend his card back. For the rest of the night the manager continued to overlook our table and kept passing by scrutinizing every move we made.
5	Huge shout out to Dave & Buster's for allowing you to now donate your tickets and/or prizes to Phoenix Children's Hospital!  Love to see local places giving back!Also, this D&B's is great - really big, helpful staff, tons of games and don't have to wait to play them.
3	After receiving $35 in game cards for Dave and Buster's from my workplace for winning a contest, I invited my boyfriend to come with me last night for dinner and games. The dinner part was a mistake.We first approached the hostess stand to try and get a table in the main dining area (not the bar). The hostess seemed really clueless when we asked her how long it would be. She just said "ummmmm....." and turned around to stare at the dining room (for about 5 minutes). There were clearly a few dirty tables and some empty ones that were clean, but she told us it would be a 20 minute wait. So, we tried looking for a table in the bar area and found one immediately that another couple had just gotten up from. I hailed the bartender to ask if he could send someone over to clean the table. After waiting another 5-10 minutes or so, our waitress finally came over and cleaned the table for us. The service was fine; nothing to write home about, but I do understand that a) It was a very busy saturday night, and b) we were sitting in the bar area and not drinking, so I wasn't expecting stellar service. We did get everything we needed within a pretty reasonable amount of time, considering the previous factors. The food, on the other hand, was completely underwhelming. I felt like I wasted $40 on that dinner, to be honest. I ordered some kind of seafood and steak 'trifecta', and it was anything but that. It was kind of lukewarm, the steak was super tough and well done even though I asked for medium rare. Although they were small pieces on skewers and I do understand it's harder to cook those to a specified temperature, they were decidedly overcooked. I thought the shrimp were supposed to be in some kind of sauce and grilled, but they just looked like plain pink cocktail shrimp somebody had stuck on a skewer popped in the microwave for a few seconds. The best part of the meal was the rice pilaf it was all served over. My boyfriend got a chicken parmesan sandwich which he was pretty happy with, but I tasted it and thought it was kind of gross too. We skipped dessert and went on to play some games.The games were great, no complaints there! At the end of the night we earned 1450 tickets which got me one pretty awesome stuffed elephant and a shot glass for both myself and my boyfriend.Bottom line: Go for the games (and maybe booze); get the dinner somewhere else. There are way too many good options nearby to waste your money here on subpar food.
3	I have met friends here on a couple of occasions now.  Rarely do I order food as I usually just sit and have a few drinks at the front bar and this last time we hung out at the bar on the other side of the arcade near the party rooms. The bar service is usually slow or overwhelmed.  The food is typical of other chains like Applebees or TGIFridays.  I have a card with reward credits and a few game credits.  I get bored easily with the games and when I go look at the prizes, there's nothing that's screams  cool...I want to play more games to win it...except maybe those grillz...ya know the bling bling for your teeth...I've got some tickets town win...Hummmm...
4	The arcade is pretty awesome (SKI BALL!!! YES PLEASE!!!) and in the few times I have been here, the games seem to be well maintained.  Sometimes, I just want to pretend to be a kid again yet still be able to be an adult and drink a beer while being one (uh, wait.  What?  Eh, you get what I mean).   If you want to waste a couple of hours and have some mindless fun, this is the place for you.
4	We went here Sunday to watch the football games, eat, play some games, and get our drink on. We sat up at the bar. Ryan, our bartender, was lovely. He was totally adorable and took care of us. We ordered the food and game deal, which I think is really cool. I got the Philly and a $10 game card for like $15. They also have happy hour during games. Blue Moons were like $4. After drinking heavily, we hit the game room and had a blast. The best game to win lots of tickets is the Nascar game. After playing so many games our heads hurt and giggling like fools, we stumbled into the store to exchange our tickets for awesome prices. I ended up with a Patrick stuffed animal and a pixy stix and I was extremely happy. No one bugged us and let us enjoy ourselves. I look forward to going back on Wednesday nights for half-priced games.
3	It's like a Chuck E Cheese for adults. Decent food, drinks and games (video games + billiards). They used to have decent prizes you could win with tickets (XBOX, TVs, PSP, jukebox, etc) but now they junk prizes like novelty hammers and Spongebob boxers. My favorite plate is the Lacy Chicken and my favorite dessert is their banana fosters pie.
2	I had a positive attitude when i came here for dinner, i really wanted to like the food but it was just a total let down. go figure eh' ? You can't have an establishment that has fun games and good food under one roof. The menu and food can (in my opinion) be looked at like an upgraded Applebee's menu. B/f steak was not cooked the way he ordered it, the Nachos we had to start were the best part of the meal. ( But nachos are good at any sports function so you don't need to be on Iron Chef to whip up a good batch of em').. i got the BLTA sandwich and honestly how can you mess up such a classic sandwich???? i was just overall not impressed at all and even kind of mad that i had to pay for it...
5	Okay, where to start.....I LOVE DAVE & BUSTERS!!!We had such a blast here!! It's where adults can be kids again! We decided we were going to come back here a few more times before we leave back to Alaska. The service was great. Kyle was our bartender/server and he was very nice and when our drinks were low he was there asking if we wanted another. The service was quick and the staff was friendly.The food was delicious too. I love french fries and thiers are so scrumptious! I ordered the Bar Chicks which is the chicken tenders top coated with thier buffalo sauce, tomatoes, lettuce and blue cheese on mini buns. It was very good but a little hard to eat cause the chicken wasn't flat. It was thick in some places thin in others. I would recommend cutting your own chicken pieces and adding a little more buffalo sauce.My fiance ordered the quesadillas and said they were really delicious although it's not sitting well in his stomach right now :-(We both enjoyed this place and it's well needed fun!! This will be staple restaurant for us once we are settled here in Arizona.
3	The food was okay, but I don't people really go here for that. The atmosphere was fun. There are a ton of games to play. The selection is huge. Would be a great place for a teenager or adult's birthday.
4	Food isn't the best, but it's decent. Games are fun especially basketball. And the watermelon margaritas are delicious! I used to go to D&B back home in the Bay Area to have a drunken good time with friends and I used to wonder why there were so many kids around during the late hours. Well, now I get it! This is a great place to have a drink and entertain the kids. It's like a bar where children are allowed. SO grab a drink, order an appetizer, play some games, keep an eye on your kid, and make sure you have a DD. I guarantee you'll have a good time. Oh and if you happen to come here with a big group, I suggest ordering your drinks and food from the bar. It will come faster and you'll avoid the gratuity!
5	My kids love this place
5	yay for dave and busters. my wife took me here for a "pre" birthday celebration. we only intended to stay an hour or so...because if you're not careful, the spending can rack up at D&B's before you know it.fast forward 3 hours later and we had to pull ourselves away from some skeeball.the happy hour specials brought us in. they actually have some pretty good drink specials from 4-7pm for happy hour. i had 2 million dollar margaritas. they were very refreshing and weren't at all soppy sweet mixy tasting. i thought they jipped me on the tequila until i started my second one and i could feel the delicious tequila buzz hitting my fingertips. we split the make your own shrimp soft taco plate. a hearty meal with 4 tortillas and an assortment of fixins...black beans, rice, guac, sour cream, lettuce, cheese, salsa, and shrimp. i thought they were darn tasty. then off to the arcade where we played video games...something we only do at D&B's, thus we lose quite quickly and quite often. i love the zombie shoot em ups, the race cars and the air hockey. my gal loves skee ball probably because i suck at it. oh and whack-a-mole...scored serious tickets on that. there are numerous shoot em up games, basketball, and tons of those fair games where you try to roll a token into an impossibly difficult contraption in order to knock more tokens into a slot to get more tokens...argh, it's too difficult to explain. in the end, you spend about 40 dollars to get tickets in exchange for a glass you could've simply bought at the store for 50cents. but that's no fun, however, Dave and Busters IS!!!!!!!
4	D&B has Wednesday Havana Nights on their roof top patio!  With temps dropping down, it was great to start the free lesson at 7p followed with dancing at 8p.  Most of the crowd is probably the ASU salsa class and friends, as its their instructor leading the lesson.That said, it is a very friendly and comfortable atmosphere... I didn't see any of the die hard salseros, so perhaps they left this venue for the newer, fresher crowd.Great place to take beginners to medium level.  DJ also played bachata!!!
2	You know I'm not a fan of the basic burger joint.  They would typically get 1 star from me.  However D&B have some fresh food. The problem I have with the fresh food is how its bombarded with the less healthy stuff.  Course if you're looking for a burger joint, this is your place.
4	Dave & Buster's has a rooftop patio? Who knew? I'll have to check it out the next time I am there.I was there last night with friends. I ordered the trifecta something or another; skewers of shrimp, beef and chicken served over a bed of rice. Not bad.I was pleased to find the machines have been upgraded. Now many of them are more like the interactive video games I enjoy. I liked the game that required me to swipe the screen with my hand, trying to slice the fruit with a sword. I also enjoyed the virtual jump roping and the motorcycle racing. I gave the masses of tickets I had won to random players. Maybe someday I will learn how to do the dance stomp successfully. Directions on all of the machines would be VERY helpful!After D&B we walked next door to San Felipe's for some serious elbow dancing.
3	I have to say that I'm not a huge fan of D&B's food. Typically if I'm here it's to have a couple beers and remind my husband how good I am at ski-ball. Overall, it's a cool vibe with many different games to play. The drinks are affordable and you can't beat the location (Tempe Marketplace.)
5	Go on Wednesday nights for 1/2 priced games.  They have a good beer selection, and it's a nice treat for kids and adults :)  They also now have music and dancing on the roof with a full bar, tables/chairs and couches.  We've made it a Wednesday night tradition :)  The food is a little pricey, so you might want to eat before you come.  But if not, try the buffalo chicken sandwich, it's amazing!  Enjoy.
4	Good: games are great if you like video and carnival type gamesBad: Food was not goodRecommendation: Eat somewhere else first and finish the night here!
4	Had a great time with friends tonight celebrating a fellow Capricorn's bday. I love Dave & Busters because I get to play!  YAY!  The Nascar Race Cars were SO much fun to play with friends!  Didn't eat dinner, (I had already eaten) but my friends said they enjoyed their food.  I had a Long Island Peach Tea at the table and the Copacabana Colada during game time.  Both were good, but they definitely are light with the alcohol in their drinks which is where they lost one star.  I rarely have two drinks in one night!  Wonderful, helpful staff!  Can't wait to come back to play some more and to experience the rooftop patio.
4	Being that I am a fan of food and video games what better than to combine them both in one building. A couple buddies and I were a little bored on a week night and pondered about what we can do. We were tired of sitting around the house playing video games and drinking so we decided to go to Dave and Busters. We first ate and had some drinks before we hit the games. I ordered the chicken tenders meal thing with the power play card thingy. It was decently priced but just mediocre in the taste department. I've had McDonald's chicken strips that were equally good but McDonalds doesn't have the gaming area that Dave and Busters has, or alcoholic beverages either. So after kickin a few back we decided it was time to play a few games. Of course, as a bunch of young guys, we turned everything into a competition. We shot some hoops, which i dominated, and played the football game too. I wasn't so good at the football game. Who knew throwing a football into a small circle would be so difficult, may have had something to do with the excessive drinking beforehand or so id like to think. They have a variety of fun games to play which is made more fun by the consumption of alcohol. I would definitely recommend this place for a slow but fun weekday night, but expect not to have gourmet cuisine made by Emeril Legasse.
4	Fun for the kids, expensive for the parents,
3	Our group of friends usually heads to Tempe Mktplace due to it being a 'central' location for all of us that are at all extremes of the valley.... we've done D&B several times now and, though it's been enjoyable (it's always fun with good friends) with drinks and games, I find that it is a waste of $ and their food isn't even worth going in for dinner.We've dropped lots of cash on the D&B cards.. we've drank and played... (I usually know where to play for the high ticket jackpots)... earned some tickets.. then, at the end of the night when we have combined all our tickets (apparently not really all that much), we find ourselves looking sadly at the *crap* they have in their little store and deciding we should just give away the tickets to any kiddos nearby and walk out while we still are in an up-beat mood.Food is lame (better options nearby), service is standard, atmosphere is fun and so are the games.. but be prepared to spend a pretty penny for the game entertainment.
4	Place is geared for ankle-biters but can be really funif you had 5 or more mixed drinks. Shooting zombies, racing cars, shooting soldiers, shooting monsters, allthat fun arcade stuff. And you also get tickets towin overstuffed animals or just put it back as creditto your Dave and Buster's card. There's a cool bar up on the 2nd floor that overlooks the mall if youget tired of all the arcade mayhem. Probably worth acouple of hours of solid fun or until a member of yourgroup gets booted from the premises for trying to smoke in the bathroom. Whichever comes first...
4	Fruit ninja on big flat screen tvs.  Competitive basketball shootouts.  Jurassic Park arcade games.  Alcoholic beverages.  Enough said.  Come here on a weekend night for a great change of pace from the usual Mill Avenue bar scene.
4	I have been there multiple times I have a blast every time. Although the games are great, food could use a little improvement. 4 overall for the average food but great atmosphere.
1	Horrible service, first time here and the service was horrible from the moment we got there, we had a birthday party for family birthday when we got there we had to wait  over 20 min because the ladie on the front desk didn't want to do her job and had to wait for someone who did, so they can show us where the room was, after they take us there the food wasn't ready even that we make sure to let them know what time we will be there, then we went to play on the video games and were told that  we can leave our stuff there due that it was a private room and only staff member had access, well at the end of the day a present that we give to the birthday boy was gone and it was an iPhone, after we call the manager to tell him what was going on they start accusing us for living our staff there instead of helping us to look for it, will never come back to this place or recommend it to anyone even after we spend almost 1000.00 they just treat us like we were getting service for free.
5	Went for a UFC fight, the back showing room was full So they turned some tvs to the fights in the main bar. For that, 5 stars
4	Some economists have been predicting the collapse of the world economy. Currencies will be worth nothing and there will be pandemonium in the streets. I, however, will be able to weather this catastrophe for one reason and one reason only. Because in the end times I will be left holding the one asset and currency that will still be worth something....the Dave and Buster's prize ticket.In case you have been living in the Batcave for years watching John Candy films, which sounds like an incredible life, let me explain how the ticket system works. Anytime you play a game here you have the possibility to win tickets. The more tickets you earn the more stuffed animals, candy dispensers, plastic balls, and crappy toys you can acquire. And who doesn't love crappy toys? Answer? No one. Everyone hates crappy toys. When I was little I used to make fun of this kid because his parents were poor and all he got was knockoff toys. I got Transformers he got Go-Bots. I got Robocop he got Robot Cop. I got a lightsaber and he got a laser sword. I got Pirates of the Carribean. He got Pirates of the High Seas. What's also cool about Dave and Busters are the legendary skee ball tournaments I put together as soon as I get there. Typically I'll corner off the three lanes on the right and start waging war on innocent seven year olds. Tip; if they start beating you grab one of their balls when they aren't looking so you have one more chance to hit that elusive and legendary 100 point cup. Bottom line if you want to drop $100 to acquire enough tickets for a Dora the Explorer glow in the dark pen then this joint is your spot.
3	We had a large group here and were served appetizer type food (wings) while people went off to play games. The games were interesting in some areas, for about five minutes. The food? Well, think about this. You are TOUCHING surfaces that are coated with about 100 layers of kiddy snot, and when was the last time you noticed a kid (or a 18 yr old for that matter) wash their hands after using the lavatory? You haven't and they didn't, so anything you touch is contaminated with a veritable petri dish of bacterial pathogens. Then you are going to eat FINGER FOOD? Bad idea....so I didn't eat and guess what? I was fine the next day, which I could not say for a number of our party who did not study biology in college as I did.  They didn't feel so good. . Just DON'T EAT and you'll be find. And don't touch your face...carry handwipes. You get the picture.
3	food is ehh here. But the games are fun if you come with a few friends. Drinks are never consistent, one day they will be pure sugar and the next it will be the best pours ever.. but you have to expect that going into a place like this.
4	I am upping my rating from last time. I was here recently for a work function...and this time we had a barrage of appetizers....lots of sliders, wings, mini pizzas, cookies, fruits....they got them all. Wish I ate more but I got to take care of my girly figure.
3	I came on Wednesday Havana Nights on their roof top patio, so I cannot speak for any other parts of this big place. There is no cover and the dance lessons are free.Dance lessons were held from 7 pm - 8:30. Two Latin dances are taught -- the night I was there it was merengue and chacha. The lady instructor was fairly good.Since the dance area is on the rooftop, this is a venue that is only as pleasant as the outside weather. I have been told that summer dancing is intolerable (the tile floor must get hot enough to burn feet).The dance floor is sizable but unfortunately is made of a glazed tile. So, don't come there with real dance shoes. It seems that the architects of this place never imagined that people really like to dance. Duh!Most of the dances that night are salsa but there is also a generous amount of bachata, chacha, and merengue. Fortunately there was almost no free style (without a partner) dance being done. This is a place for partner dancing. Music is done by a DJ and as you might guess is almost entirely Latin. The crowd was large and at times the floor was very crowded. Ability ranged from total beginner to advanced. There were all ages but most tended to be in the 20-30 age range. I liked the young ladies because they dressed in skimpy hot pants, short skirts, and high heels. Ooooooooo! La! La!Drinks were half priced and yet they were very boozy. Can't complain about that!Unfortunately dancing stops at 11:30. The dance floor was full so I'm puzzled why they stop so early. Overall this venue is a good salsa scene but I can't give it more than a 3 star because it has serious weaknesses. It seems as though dancing at DB was an afterthought after it was built -- either that or whomever designed it knew nothing about the needs of dancers.
4	Had my brothers bachelor party there. Service was great. Food was good and the drinks kept coming. The price was fair and expected for the size of our party. Our waitress Amy was awesome. My guests and brother had a great time.
3	I've never been to one so I went in for my birthday. The price of the games are normal for larger arcades but the selection is a bit odd. I understand that it's originally geared towards adults but having a TON of casino-style machines (where you play chance with tokens or for tickets without any real skill involved) and only about 30-40% playable games is annoying. If I wanted to play games for coin, I'd go to an actual casino. They had some games that were free (limited time, I'm sure) and a few of the classics but overall, the choices are rather limited. After a bit of game, we decided to eat here as well. Got The Boss Chicken Club ( grilled chicken breast, applewood smoked bacon, creamy garlic-herb cheese, lettuce, tomato, avocado/mayo spread and fried onions on a toasted whole-wheat bun) with fries which was really good. Also, they have Angry Orchard (the best domestic hard cider I've tried) on tap (with two different oz. sizes) which is definitely worth some bonus points in my book. Also, the guy gave us a free brownie with a candle for my birthday without making a big deal about it which was awesome. A major thing thing that annoyed me what the distribution of staff. I hope a game doesn't break on you because it's practically impossible to find someone to help. The photobooth ate our photos so I went up to the front counter to ask for someone with keys to open it up. There was a short line but the guy didn't even acknowledge me - a simple "Just a moment." would have been more than appreciated instead of just ignoring my existence. What I assume was the manager finally looked away from the TV controller after about 5 -10 minutes of me standing there to ask if I needed something. They need more people operating the floor instead of the staff being mostly wait staff in the food area. There was also a missing puck in the air hockey game but since there was no one around to help, we couldn't be bothered again and shrugged it off as a loss.Overall, come for a nice dinner if you don't mind the noise and want to play some games - but if you're here for the arcade, definitely go to Gameworks or (for the pinball aficionados like myself) Castles and Coasters instead. Way better selections there.3 stars for good food quality and fair prices but with poor game selection and service.
4	Games- great.Game prices- decent.Food- Edible, but nothing to write home about.Food prices- WAY too high for the quality.Bar- Weird. The 1st bar Ive heard of that doesnt carry Baileys or some type of Irish cream liqueur.Drinks- Meh, stick w/ beer.Service- Also weird. Ive had the best service here when its crazy busy and the absolute worst when my friends and I are the only people to be waited on.A good time, if youre going for games and basic drinks.
4	awesome p[lace
2	The games are fun! What I'm going to gripe about is the food. My boyfriend and I just moved down here and used to go to a Taco Tuesday up in Wa. Sometimes I'd go with my brother. They had $.50 tacos so we were able to stuff ourselves silly - I could even afford to buy dinner! We were excited to see that D&B was having a Taco Tuesday, and then we got there, ordered 4 tacos @ $1.00 each, and they came out all on one plate. They offered no other plates, so we were essentially eating off a trough in the middle of the table. Waitress was like "can I get you anything else?" I thought, how about a couple little plates.  That's not all though. They literally had a mere pinch of cheese in each taco! WtF?!?!?! The meat didn't taste like it had any taco seasoning in it. The tacos were dripping grease, like it hadn't even been drained from the meat. I'm all for a greasy taco experience IF and only if there's enough stuff in the taco to make it worth all that grease. Otherwise? Gross! This place gets one point for the games, one for having an upstairs bar (rather awesome), and one point for the chocolate fondue dish. This dessert (which we had on another night than Taco Tuesday) was truly yummy and we probably could've had it as our main course because it was so filling. Not entirely unhealthy, either as they had fruit along with the other stuff to dip in the chocolate.For Taco Tuesday, we'll be going elsewhere.
3	The staff is really awesome, and I grew up by an arcade so it definitley takes me back. However on a busy night this place is clearly a spot for bad parents to go out and drink while their 8 kids run around, one ran into me and I spilled some of my drink. I'd say go to this place on a school night.
3	It was just ok. Our server was a little absent-minded. I met my two sisters and one of their boyfriends and we ate dinner and the played some games. The games part was fun, but at dinner, the waiter split the check in two.. as if I were there with my sister as a date. He just assumed we were together, which is not cool. Food was good. I'll be back for the games, I'm sure.
4	Fun games with good prices, great that they also have rewards card. The food is just okay a little pricey for what it is. The million margarita is awesome, my favorite go to drink!!
4	A great venue to bring the kids, have some fun playing games, and even enjoying a couple drinks. We love it.  Prices are fair, games are good...the atmosphere is loud, so never a problem bringing very young kids.  Located at Tempe Marketplace, its a great bargaining chip when trying to shop with your kids.
3	Food, drink, and gaming, what a perfect combo! We've been here a few times, mainly to run around and pretend like you're a kid again at the arcade. There are a plethora of games to choose from, whether you like games of chance, shooting games, or racing games, chances are there's something for you. There's even a cute "If they made it" similator, which will show you what your future kid will look like based on you and your date's profiles (Sadly, based on our results, maybe adoption would be best haha). I've been to several Dave and Buster's locations, and this one is decent. One thing I've noted is that over the years, at least for my tastes, the prizes don't seem as nice now.
4	Just tried Wednesday salsa night for the first time.  It was a lot of fun!
2	Good for social events that need lots of space but that's really it.The games here are mostly ticket games and generic gun shooters catered to American people. I guess that's why it's called Dave & Busters.At least Gameworks have more variety of games. I can't believe I'm saying Dance Dance Revolution is variety but yes.
4	First time, but pretty cool place to let loose and act like a kid again.  Plus food is pretty tasty also and arcade games are more aimed towards adults.
1	Be very careful planning events with this place.  They are a major fail at the options they offer - such as not including normal beverages, soft drinks, tea, etc with buffets - and really offer no incentives of any kind with their 'packages' other than a cheap $10 gaming card.  Also started applying pressure to 'book it or lose it' within 3 hours of talking to them, claiming they have other parties interested.
4	Birthday party for my son and a bunch of his buddies. The boys really enjoyed the arcade games and all of them said that the food was great. Our waitress Jessie was awesome!!
3	Good time for everyone.
5	The food is actually really good. Like alot of people said on here, I was really surprised! Been back once a week since!Plus, you can't really beat the Happy Hour! And Salsa dancing.
5	This place creates stimulus of epic proportion.  You walk in and you hear guns shots, lasers, the pressing of buttons - its bannans. Lights and sounds are bombarding your senses with an overload of information.   Drinks are great, food is on point, and the games are NEXT LEVEL.   I was going Jack Sparrow on some ghost ships - shooting at zombie pirates while sending the Kracken back to it's hole to go make me some f*in pancakes.   Great for the kids, for the family, or a date.   SALSA night on WED. is exceptional.  Happy hour drink specials popping off with free dance lessons from 7 to 8:30.  Swoop you up a female or a dude (for all you ladies) and dance your way into their soul.
4	My company recently had an employee + family event here.  We rented a room and had it catered.  They served us mexican food (tacos, chips, beans, rice, etc) and kid friendly food (chicken fingers, mini pizzas and mini burgers).  The food was really good.My son, husband and I had a really great time playing all the games. The prize counter also has decent prizes.  I would go here again.  I think it's a great place for families during the day and for adults at night.
4	Good food, fun games, but sometimes very crowded
4	Love this place! My friend wasn't able to make it out of town for the 4th, so to cheer him up I took him out for a night of fun. D&B was our second stop; we spent most of our time here because it's awesome!!!! Who doesn't like to kick back, have a few drinks then get crazy playing video games? There are enough games that everyone is pretty spread out and you only have to wait for a game if you really want to play it and someone just started playing. Most of the time if you are waiting to play, people play once then let other people go and keep rotating. It's nice to be in such a cool atmosphere, with music, drinks and video games. It's never too packed when I have gone and the food, service and drinks are affordable and good! It's a nice place to go to have a good time without having to go to multiple places and you are able to beat the hear. Everything you really need is in this one place! One tip, keep your players card, because you can reuse it if you don't use all your credits or your tickets!! Save them for next time! :)Had a great night! Thanks D&B!
4	Didn't get to play this game but I will definitely be back for it! Looks awesome! #shootemup #masterI also prefer the atmosphere and customer service at this location over the one on Desert Ridge. My only complaint is that they need more airhockey machines!
4	The adult Chuck E. Cheese! Good food and good drinks. Took my son here for his birthday and he had a great time. This is a great place for older kids and their parents to be. Also makes for a great date place. Would come here again for sure!
5	Arcade for adults! If you have nothing to do, Dave and Busters is the place to go, they have games, you can grab a drink or something to eat. This location is really great on service. One bartender was doing tricks, pretty awesome.
3	The games were fun, the beer was cold, but the service was a little lacking. We arrived later in the evening and were greeted by...well, no one. We found our way upstairs to our friends' table and sat for a good 30 minutes chatting before we realized...no one was coming to take our order. Needless to say, I'm still giving D&B's 3 stars because the bartenders we ended up encountering were kind and helpful and the establishment was clean and well kept. Also, I know it's standard for AZ, but I love those misters! Definitely good for a game night with friends, I just wouldn't recommend going for dinner anytime after 8 or 9. Neat location though- I liked the Tempe Marketplace, with parking as far as the eye can see!
1	We just came from here - first time there. We were there for 15 min but were completely ignored. We stood by the front desk thinking maybe we needed to wait to be seated,  then looked around and saw it was a bar/arcade/adult chuckie-cheese kind of thing.  Ok fine - we will seat ourselves.  But during the time it took to figure that out (3min or so), there was a manager-looking type man right there at the front desk who never even looked at us.  And there was another employee explaining something to another customer so she was busy.  Alright semi forgivable-  so we sat at the bar thinking that would expedite things.  The bartender brought food to the people 5 seats away but didn't acknowledge us.  We waited, and could hear bottles clanking, ice digging and gabbing ( bartenders i guess?) but on one came.  Nevermind! We left.  It was not as if they were busy - it was quite dead.  Customer service is a no brainer- can't respect this kind of lameness- no excuse!
4	Four stars just for the happy hour drink deals. Not much else going on here though...pretty dead for a Thursday night.
1	I took my team here for a company lunch (about 12 of us) a few weeks ago. The waitress forgot to put in an order for two of my staff members and it took until after everyone else was finished for their food to come out. She still tried to charge me for those two dishes...hmm I wonder why...let's say it together: "gratuity is automatically included." It wasn't until I asked to speak to her manager that she agreed to take them off.I also asked her to please take a picture of us at our table and one of the busboys decided to photobomb it on purpose...haha yeah funny, I am always game for a good laugh but at the end of the day it was very unprofessional as we were there for a company outing. I frequent Tempe Market Place and I'll be taking my business to Cadillac Ranch or San Felipe's from now on.
3	Arcade for adults! If you have nothing to do, Dave and Busters is the place to go, they have games, a bar to grab a drink or maybe you want something to eat. This location is really great and always have great customer service.The only downfall, you spend so much money to play their games and their prizes are very cheapy. They need to have better prizes for the money we spend.
3	I have been to Dave and Buster's a few times over the years. Last night was the first time I had been upstairs to the outside deck. It was pretty nice actually. We got prime seating over at the end of the deck, away from all of the noise from the other parties. It was perfect temp for being outside and having some drinks with friends. Live music was playing below which was a nice touch but it was a little too loud at times, the band was just okay. I did not have any food on this visit but my friends had ordered some nachos which were covered in way too much guacamole making them soggy very quickly. My other experiences with food here have been not the best so they lose a couple of stars here. The drinks were pretty good. I just had wine so I can't say to many bad things about wine but a couple of my girlfriends had fruity cocktails which they said tasted like sugar water, yuck. My guy friends had blue moon and bud draft which was good. Overall drinks and food are just mediocre.We did not play games on this recent trip but that is always a good time especially after some drinks. It looks as if they have added some new games recently so I might be back in a few weeks to give them a spin.
3	Fun place to spend some time at every once  in a while. Games can cost a lot to play tho but it's all worth it when you can get a flinstones tie or giant pixie stick for the 50 buck you just paid! They do have fun games for adults however. Odd thing is the hosts downstairs always check mine and my girlfriends id to go upstairs while their letting kids run upstairs without any questions? I'm 25 damnit! I wanna play my games!
5	This is my favorite place to visit when I'm in Phoenix!  I love the food, the service and the games. The prices are decent, nothing way overpriced. Unlike other video game places they keep all their games well maintained, only one game in the entire place was out of service. The jackpots are easy to get and they are not cheap with their tickets. I can't wait for this franchise to open in Utah!
2	I've been to D&B a few times. Time before last was nice...despite lack of seating in the dining area. I had a burger, which was decent. We discovered they have Coronaritas. Now...they come in a small, non-fancy glass, but...they get the job done. Luckily I only needed one because I apparently got the last "Coronarita lid" so they couldn't sell any more after that. Maybe they should consider the special clips most places use. They're inexpensive and reusable. Just sayin'.Anyway...this last Friday we went back for dinner, and some of that Coronarita action. This time we were able to get seated in the dining area. That sounds like a good thing right? Yeeeeeah...No. We were seated in a creepy mirrored booth by an unfriendly hostess. Our menus were sticky and dirty...had to pry some of the pages apart like a high school boy's porno mag. Gross. Then...we sat. And we sat. And we watched servers walk by over and over...not even giving us a glance...for well over 10 minutes. We made our drink and dinner decisions...and nobody came to take an order. So...we finally just left and had a fabulous steak dinner at The Keg. :)  So...I generously give 2 stars because the first visit was okay. That second time though...only good thing about it was that we got to discover a very tasty steakhouse and try something new due to the lack of...well...anything besides being seated.
4	The food is actually pretty good and their really good at giving free credits when necessary it's not about how many negative experience but how they fixed them. Me and my son went and apparently the systems shut down and nothing worked but the staff was extremely friendly and accommodating I came back a week later and they everything right.
2	Service was good and so was food. Got pink eye and can almost guarantee I can trace it back to this place by the activities I did and the lack of company hygiene paid to equipment throughout the day.
5	We celebrated a birthday there. We ordered off the special occasion menu. Surprisingly the food was quite good. We had burgers, pizza, and chicken tenders. The price was reasonable and everyone enjoyed themselves. But I write this to give kudos to the employees. Brian, the asst. GM was so very courteous and helpful and hospitable. He definitely made it worth it and make us think about planning future events there. Great food. Great service. Good times.
4	Finally I got to go to one.  I'm just visiting the mesa area from Utah  and had the chance to go. Utah gets the advertising, but not the bar... Which sucks.  I got to say, this place was pretty cool.  The food was very good. The games were awesome and great fun. It was expensive yes, but not as bad as you would think. Dinner for 2, expect about 50 bucks
3	Maybe originally living in California, I got spoiled from my Dave n' Busters in Orange, but this is just average. Sat at the bar, it wasn't crowded, which was nice. The prizes after winning tickets were not that great because I guess they consider it gambling like s casino so it is limited. Had a few issues with the games but problems got resolved.
5	We have had several business meetings and lunches here over the last three years and this D&B is very consistent in its excellent food and service. Rachelle, their event coordinator, is great to work with. They are very accommodating, we always leave with a great experience and that's why they are always among our top choices.
3	I've only popped into this Dave & Buster's for booze and games.  I hear they have food...What can you really say about a Dave & Buster's?  The bar is usually short-handed and packed with people wanting a million cocktails.  They offer a rechargeable token card which is both a blessing and a curse.  After a few drinks, losing track of your tokens is the obvious outcome.  At least you can let out drunken war cries when killing zombies with a fake handgun and no one would think twice.  It's loud in here!They also check your ID at the door after 9PM or something but unlike Los Angeles, they don't search your purse and have you go through a metal detector.  Yay?
1	The food here is absolutely disgusting. Went here with my boyfriend over the weekend and I ordered the boss chicken club. The chicken was hard and crunchy. I took one bite and couldn't eat anymore. We also ordered an appetizer that we never got and our waiter could had cared less that we were even there. Definitely will not be eating here again.
1	I sat at the bar tables with my newborn baby while  my daughter play video games to eat. My waitress wasn't that busy but was spending much more time at the tables she thought she was going to get a bigger tip from. When my wife arrived she took 15 minutes before she even came over to offer her a drink. I tried to give her a chance to straighten out and I asked her if there was something we did to piss her off. Letting her know she wasn't doing a very good job needed to correct it. She did not then proceeded to ignore us for the rest of the time we were there. The manager eventually come fare tab and apologized but I can still hear her talking trash about us to her coworkers for telling the manager. Let's just say I won't be back there again.
3	This is a great place for all ages. They have a dance floor, fun games, good food and drinks and is a family oriented place. I went with my friends tonight to change things up. We had a great time and we would definitely  come back!
2	The games are good but my problem is with the people. I watched some guy pick and whip his nose on the Mario cart machine. Then some poor kid put his hand on it. The service kind of blows but the bar tender was cool.  If it's one thing I would recommend it's to wash your hands good before you eat. This place has a ton of dirty people
5	Had a great server, very friendly and the food came out right away.. It tasted very fresh and there was a lot to eat.. I ordered the boss chicken club, and French fries.. Good food and the games weren't too bad either :)
5	My service here was amazing!! The pretzel dogs and sliders were extremely tasty. While I was there my asshole friend threw a tomato in my drink and spilled my delicious snow cone!!!!! My drink spilled EVERYWHERE!!! The amazing manager rob came over and took care of us and bought me a new drink :)! Had an Amazing experience!!!!!!
5	Best Dave n' Busters I have been to. The food was actually really good. We had delicious drinks for happy hour and it was really well priced. The arcades were great also. Well kept. Will definitely be coming here again with friends!
5	Drinks 4/5Food 4/5Service 5/5Unadulterated Fun 5/5Parking 5/5
5	This review is for the salsa  nights on the floor only. Being from LA, I usually have a pretty high expectations when it comes to salsa events. However, I was pleasantly surprised by the salsa night on the top floor. I visited in spring, so the weather was just right (I can imagine it may get too hot even at night during the summer).  There is no cover, and it comes with 2 hours of instruction which is awesome and rare.  There are all levels of dancers and all ages as well. I found most people to be friendly and willing to dance. They have a an informal dance contest which is fun and not intimidating. On the night that I came the place was packed. They play mostly salsa and bachata, with a sprinkling of merengue and cha cha cha. Towards the end of the night as it gets closer to closing time they start to play some hip hop and top 40.  If I am ever in the tempe area again I will definitely come back.
5	Had a lot of fun spoiling nieces here.  We played hard and won lots of tickets.   Great games.  Can't wait to come back.
2	This place was horrible. The service was horrible, our food came out soggy and it was the wrong order. Only 1 bartender was even nice and cordial. The other made our drinks worse than a kid would make it. Literally sat at the bar for 10 minutes before anyone came and asked us if we wanted help. The only reason I'm giving it 2 stars is for the bartender that was very nice (Mel I believe) and the games. This place lost another customer.
5	How can you go wrong with four games and drinks you can't!! On the menu items are delicious of tried several different ones of me and my family, bring the kids along play a game and food options for them also. Happy our offer some really great drinks at half-price, try the original snowcone it's one of my favorites! Definitely will be back here like visit Phoenix again.
4	This was a very fun experience here at good ole Dave and Busters. They have alot of new games and they also actually have decent prizes that are within reach in one visit or one card payment of either $25 or $35. We ended up with 689 tickets after spending $35 and we left with two real coffee mugs emblazed with the D and B logo. The basketball hoops and football toss and skeeball are still classics, while the other skill games with the flashing lights are also fun. The Wheel of Fortune is really tough, but the Trivial pursuit does contain some easy questions. We also enjoyed the giant Ms. Pac-Man game, but skip the four pronged air hockey contest. My new favorite was the crane game with the mini candy bars. Not only do you have to snag a candy bar, but it also has an element of sliding other candy bars into the box for multiple treats. Somehow, it is the cheapest game, but we had quite a nice snack from two big wins. Very nice staff also as we got some freebies along the way and one employee challenged us to pac-man with us getting a free game if we won. Bonus was not alot of kids for some reason on this night.
3	Fun place and the food is decent.  However, the service and friendliness of the staff on our last visit was a bit lacking.  My chief complaint is that the rewards program sign-up and getting your initial purchase added to the rewards account is not as simple as just making a purchase and giving them your info.  Instead, it's a major runaround that nobody at D&B seemed to have a handle on.
4	I've been here and it has been decent and good at times. Took a group vote and went here on a Sunday afternoon. I went to the bar first and got a shot, but kind of took a minute for them to get it to us. Well, after that everyone showed up and we got seated quickly. Our waiter's name was Kendal and dude was nice, polite, and professional. I didn't have to wait long for my drink to get filled up so that's a PLUS! For food,  I ordered the ribs and wings. Wings were alright, nothing over the top. The ribs on the other hand was very moist and juicy with every bite, I was pleasantly surprised by that. After that we went into the arcade. Played some basketball. They also had a sand board game which was cool and little pool hall next to it. So, its a nice place to come and play some games and just relax with good company!
4	Had a good time! They had a live DJ playing all the latest music. Good drinks that aren't watered down. Had 5 games you can play for free on each reload of at least $10.
5	Spend my 21st birthday here and we had a blast. The drinks and servers were all great. The manager even bought my first drink for me. Couldn't have asked for a better time. After we had appetizers and drinks we plays some games. Our favorite part was the interactive Jersey Shore photo booth. I would definitely recommend for a birthday celebration.
4	On Thursdays until 7:30pm there have half off liquor, which is a pretty good deal! The games are always such a fun time, great for groups, date night or just hanging out. The games do get fairly expensive, but a fun place!
5	My husband and I love bringing our 7 year old here. She gets the biggest kick out of the games and spending time having fun.  And we love that the food is of a really high quality and e know she is going to eat something better than icky pizza or tired chicken nuggets. Plus we like sitting and having a nice meal before we go running after her for an hour or so.
4	Always a great time. Enjoyed 1/2 price games on Wednesday. Lots of new games. Cut the rope, mario brothers and fish tank. Spent about 5 hours of fun and dining on rainy Fall break day. Good food and cocktails. Highly recommend teriyaki steak and mashed taters.
3	I thought the food was pretty good and the drinks are decent. The staff are friendly and the atmosphere is energetic. Lots of televisions for watching sports and tons of games for those who are not interested in watching the game.
3	It's a chain restaurant....Service could be better. Prices could be better. Good for all ages!
4	So I took a trip to none other than Dave & Buster's this weekend! Best and most expensive decision of the week. My companion and I paid $60 for 300-something game coins, which lasted us like two or three hours. I won the jackpot on a pirate wheel a couple times and felt pretty damn good about myself. Then I failed at skeeball... however your time goes, I think anyone can enjoy the different fun to be had here.There's booze for the adults, games for people of all ages, and a dining extravaganza for the hungry! I'm definitely visiting Dave & Buster's for my 21st birthday this year. Gonna get drunk, eat bar food and play some more skeeball. Join me in my quest for ULTIMATE FUN.
5	We had a showroom in the back for a 20 year high school reunion. The manager in charge of our party was Jimmy. He and our two servers were awesome!
4	If you have boys ages 6+ this place is ideal. They even have daddy daycare (bar) which really works out great on a Sunday afternoon watching a NFL game while the kiddos have a blast playing the latest arcade games.
3	We decided to do dinner at a different place a few nights ago and tried Dave & Busters.  The menu was nice, however, they didn't warn when one of our party requested no onions on an item that onions are automatically part of a sauce.  They did try to make it right when it was pointed out to them, which was most appreciated.  Overall, for a place that is more fast food-like, it wasn't bad.  I'd go again.
5	Great location and lots of fun for all ages.First, location wise you couldn't ask for better. It is in the center of Tempe Marketplace, very easy to find and right next door to the outdoor stage area. This is a nice area to hang outside if you get claustrophobic or just need a break from arcade-land. As far as the venue, it's a pretty massive area. Bar, billiards, televisions and restaurant are up front; games and Carnie prizes are towards the back. The games only accept credits by way of a "Power Card", which needs to be reloaded at various kiosks around the floor. It is disturbingly similar to a Casino... and if you aren't careful, you can blow thru money nearly as fast. I like to negotiate a predetermined amount with my kids before entering the field. Fail to do this, and suffer the eventual sugarcrash-neon-meltdown. You've been warned.Regarding their party planning service. This is my favorite part of DnB. I have now had two birthday kids parties here with my son's and a few adult graduation/birthday events.  It is such a fantastic venue! The staff really takes care of you. Just book your time slot, confirm number of people and show up. The decor/food/entertainment is all taken care of. There are different packages for any budget and they are very accommodating. If desired, you can bring in outside cake or additional decor. The only challenge is herding the kids, for young birthday parties. I recommend only parties with children old enough to "return to base". There are also semi-private rooms with large televisions, perfect for an adult or team party. Plus, the booze. Duh.Really, nothing negative to say..  a rarity.
