1	I went to the toy box with my son and girl friend and all of us expected a lot more and it was very dark. All of us thought the prices where terrible what ever you do don't go there it is a waste of time.
5	The staff is very nice and always offering to open up the glass cases if you want to look at anything in there. Honestly, the prices vary but you can go anywhere from 10-15$ up to a couple hundred for the limited edition collectables. This is a place for nerds, it has board games, collectable merchandise, and tons of random things I haven't really seen anywhere else around town. The name "toy box" may throw some people off if they are expecting more like a toys r us type store but this a completely different specialty toy shop. Some of the things they carry are: doctor who, Star Trek (old and new stuff), Star Wars, mine craft, pokemon, marvel, dc, and a whole ton of board games. If you are looking for a toy store that sells the same generic crap, don't go here. If, however, you're looking for something you probably haven't seen before then at least give this place a chance. If you're a nerd and proud of it, you won't be disappointed with this store!
5	I love this shop. It's true that this is not your traditional toy store, but then again there are big box retailers for that. This is more of a treasure trove of cool stuff you might not find elsewhere. We bought some Minecraft toys for my daughter and a collectible Star Wars figure for my son (this one was impossible to find elsewhere). They're not the cheapest store, but they definitely have some outstanding items to explore. And, the staff here is super friendly and always willing to help you out. Definitely worth a visit.
4	This is probably the best toy store I've been - there is a large range of toys, however, it seems geared more toward adults and older children.There are a lot of collectibles in locked cases and the best part, the huge wall of Funko Pop vinyl figures! These are adorable vinyl figures of popular television, movie, and real life characters that have been shrunk down and paired with disproportionally large heads. Prior to The Toy Box, I would purchase these vinyl figures on Amazon (if available). Although most of the prices are higher compared to Amazon, it's nice to see them in person and there are many figures that are hard to find online. They seem to range in price depending on their popularity, but they start around $10.They have a nice Yelp check-in offer of 15% off one item, so don't forget to utilize it!
