3	Philosophers Stone or "P-Stone" is a pretty chill place in the same vein as Thomas Street. Its only a couple blocks away, and I has the same owners, I think.  P-Stone has a very laid back vibe, is pretty dark inside, and serves good beer.  They have a chill yard as they're on the corner of 7th Street and N. Caswell Rd in the Historic Stanleyville section of Charlotte.  In the yard they have a bean bag toss game, some call it "Corn-Hole", and sometimes they have a ping-pong table set-up.  I've never played there, and I'm not sure where the balls would go when they're hit off the table cause they don't have the netted courts like Thomas Street, but still ping-pong and beer on a nice Carolina night can't be a bad idea.  Clientele tend to be of the hippy variety, but everyone isusually laid back.  No need to get dolled up when heading to the "Stone".  So throw on your parka, rub down the patchouli, and get ready to throw back a few while grooving to the jam band music pouring out of the speakers.  Its P-Stone baby!
3	Philosopher's Stone.  Philosophers... stoned.  This is a drinkers bar.  By that I mean where else on a Saturday afternoon can you find 50 - 60 year old men sitting at the bar downing beers and Jaeger shots while watching Ultimate fighting on the tube and heckling the bartender.  Lower than low-key.  Keep one hand on your drink and the other on your wallet while inside.  Outside there's a nice patio that wraps around the building and on sunny days there are a handful of people chatting with a beer.  It's self service if you sit outside so you'll need to take turns sending someone in to get the next round.
3	This is a great place to spend some time with friends and hang out.  It had great food and a really laid back feel to it.  A nice patio makes dining alfresco a real treat.  They also have some great lunch specials for only $5, so if you're low on cash but still want a good meal this is the place to come.  Even the decorations on the walls live up to the establishment's name.  There are pictures and quotes from everyone from ancient Spanish philosophers to Jerry Garcia.
4	I love the P-Stone, plain and simple.  This was the first bar in Charlotte that I went to and the one I still frequent the most.  The juke box is always rockin', the patio outside is large enough to accommodate a crowd, and the beer is (usually) nice and cold.  The crowd is a nice blend of folks....hippies, frat boys, cute drunk girls, and older regulars....the usual, right?  They often have live music on the weekends and Sunday afternoons.  If you can crawl out from under the rock that is your hangover on Sundays, the bloody mary bar is made for you.  The food is not bad, bar food making an unpretentious attempt at being more than just grease and well, grease.  Prices aren't bad and who doesn't love an ice cold $2 PBR bottle?  Not this girl!
4	P-Stone has great food, a casual atmosphere, and pretty friendly staff. It's a unique spot with all the different spaces you can sit...inside, outside, the back side, the screened in porch.It's great to go with friends, but it's also surprisingly fun alone. They've got Wi-Fi, which always is a selling point for me, and it's great to go and sit alone with the computer. The games in the backroom are a lot of fun, and I've been to a few shows there. It can get a little loud, but you can always get away if you're looking for a conversation.
4	Go to the P-Stone on a Friday and visit with Alan, the bartender, he's real friendly, and he has jokes and stories for days.  Even though there is really nothing philosophical about the place, there is a very diverse crowd that chills here every night.  Like Joy mentioned, there is a wide variety of places to sit and a change of scenery for every different one.  I thought the games were great, especially the ping-pong table outside in the dirt, and corn-hole with beanbags in the backyard (kind of a twist on horseshoes).  I really could spend hours here with my friends, and the drink specials are very affordable.
4	Now you can go to Philosopher's for one of 3 reasons, for the food, for the drink, or for the atmosphere. But for me, the outdoor seating can't be beaten by anyone in Charlotte.From the outside, this looks like a grungy hippie bar/restaurant, & maybe it is a little. But take a chance & pull up a seat outside, whether it's just to take in the view with a brew, or to grab a bite to eat. If the weather is nice, I don't think I'd go anywhere else in Charlotte midday. Starting with the beer, they have a pretty good selection & now have beer towers, which is basically a personal draft of 5 pints at your table. They also have a pretty good lunch menu with the typical bar fare but also some stuff you really wouldn't expect, & it's all pretty good. But I think the kicker at Philosopher's is the outside area that has ping pong & cornhole, & the occasional band. People sit outside all day here & play games & drink beer under the shady trees. This place is definitely a fun midday visit if the weather is nice. Bring your friends & plan on staying a while to drink & relax away the day.
3	I really love P-Stone as a bar - from afternoon drinking to long nights - but I was disappointed when I had lunch there the other day. I went in with pretty low expectations, and even those weren't met. I got a bacon cheeseburger and sauteed veggies. The burger was pretty boring and forgettable. The veggies were kind of cold and soggy. My boyfriend wasn't very impressed with his pulled chicken barbecue sandwich. The menu is pretty wide, so that's a plus. I just hope the rest of the food is better. I'll be sticking to P-Stone for my drinking - and maybe late-night dining, when I'm not quite as picky.
3	I had a great burger here the night--it was a no-frills deal, like something you're mom would've made if she were in a rush. But it was tasty. Coupled with a few beers (and the P-stone has a TON), it was a great little meal. The P-stone's a cool little place, although it doesn't look like much from the street. In fact, it really doesn't look like anything at all, really. Groovy, mellow crowd hangs here, so it's not a real rowdy scene if that's what you're looking for. Very familiar feel--like a mom and pop deal, if that makes sense. It seems like a cook place to hang out with a bunch of friends on a random, quiet night.
3	This is not the kind of place I'd ever consider spending the entire night at, as it tends to attract the frat crowd. But for simple food, and for vegetarian friendliness, I come here pretty often.The appetizers I've had have ranged from amazing (zucchini sticks-- perfectly battered with herbs, panko, and parmesian, soft and juicy, arranged in a jenga-like tower) to gross (spinach dip that couldn't have been more than cheap cream cheese and frozen spinach) with little to nothing to pick from if you want to stay away from the deep fryer. The salads are not what to order here, as they are overpriced and sub par. But the nachos are good, the veggie reuben and grilled squash sammie (I believe the name of that particular dish had Garcia in it somewhere) are better than good, and the veggie burger is a behemoth. There are no fries here, only chips. But they're like Kettle Chips on steroids. Delish.They have a decent selection of beers on tap. Anything on tap can be served in a tower, I don't remember exactly how much beer is in one of those because usually, by time I reach the bottom, my memory's fading.
3	Stopped in before heading to Springsteen concert Wed. night.  Nice local tavern feel to it.  Staff was very helpful.  Decent beer selection.  Tried the Caswell Chicken Oscar sandwich on staff recommendation.  Good sandwich.  Cold Beer.  Good selection on the juke box.
3	We went to P-stones this weekend because we were looking for a place with live music -where we could sit outside. We didn't get the live music part but that was ok we could at least sit outside.Outside was a fun place to sit- a lot of people had their dogs with them (being a dog person I thought it was cute)...People playing pool (yes a pool table outside, cool right?!) ...there was even a bum walking around harassing people but it all added to the hipster like atmosphere - so I didn't mind. My guest and I were excited to see a Bloody Mary bar - and quickly accepted the challenge to create our own tasty versions. Lets just say I am glad I am not a bar tender because my version had far too much horseradish but at $5 for a pint size Blood Mary it wasn't much of a loss- I just wish we had the option of having the bartender make it haha. We started off with the crab dip and  had the option of getting pita toast points or tortilla chips- we went with our servers recommendation of pita. The dip was good not great - the pita was delicious and dusted with this really yummy spice. Next we moved on to our dinners- I had a Reuben  and she a Philly Cheese steak. My Reuben had mustard rather than the usual thousand island (the menu did not say mustard) and it just didn't cut it. Again it wasn't awful but wasn't my favorite. Overall our service was lackluster (the server was MIA for much of our dinner) and the food just ok. The price was so cheap so you can't complain too much $17 for a split appetizer,sandwich, and Bloody Mary = not too shabby. Overall  this wasn't my favorite place but I wouldn't write it off just yet.
5	Good beer, good food, good music, good people.
4	Great beer selection and lots of Activities.  The food is good too - don't miss the pepper jack mac n cheese...holy cow!
3	Good outdoor place. Okay food
3	You definitely get a wide variety of options at the P-Stone.  One of those is probably not great service.  Good service, yes, but not great service.  So you probably want to get a drink if you can, as it would help alleviate this problem.  Also bring some friends along so you don't notice how slow they are.While you'll find a pretty appetizing-sounding menu, it's not so great in execution.  For instance, the burgers are fairly promising, but they were way overcooked.  Rather than getting well-done patties, had they been about medium, they would have been full of juicy goodness.The pepper jack macaroni and cheese was unfortunate as well - just a blob of cheese sauce and overkill on the peppers.  Too bad, as it sounds good on paper (or laminate - whatever).Atmosphere is pretty cool, even inside with all the wood.  Definitely better than the old cramped interior of the Bayou Kitchen (which probably outdid them on food).  Unfortunately if the weather is spotty it can put a damper on things - the regular band plays inside instead of out, and the cornhole bags get wet and hard instead of being nice and soft like they should be.  Your hands are pretty nasty after playing too.Still, it is a decent outdoor area - just would be nice if there was a way to have some sort of shelter in inclement weather!
4	With NorCal nutjob Crazy Hazel G. in town and tearing up the QC, we decided to have another impromptu UYE - this time at The Philosopher's Stone Tavern.  Annie W., Denise E., Hazel G., Wild Bill F. and myself gathered for a late-afternoon session at the P-Stone.Mostly we just waited, as those in the know will understand - you wait to order, you (generally) get something, and you wait to order a refill, and you wait a while longer, and so on.  At least we were there to keep each other company.Because the weather outside was bordering on frightful, we hung out at a booth on the inside and noshed on a few eats that were generally somewhat tasty and just talked about the East Coast vs. West Coast.When things cleared up headed outside for a game of Cornhole, to show the Hazelnut how to play, since she had no idea what it was about.  Wild Bill schooled us all, though Hazel did manage to score, including one in the hole!  Unfortunately, with everything so nasty outside, it involved a good deal of dirt on the hands in the process...We never did see Pourina R., and at least a couple of the Charlotte bunch were across the state at an elite event, so it was just the five of us, but that doesn't mean it wasn't worth it.  Next time you should join us!Oh yeah - #600 FTW!
4	I agree with Seth below, this place is the epitome of chill.  I really enjoyed it.  The food was pretty good, the service was slow.  Great location, amazing outdoor areas.
3	Three stars is probably about right: if The Philosopher's Stone Tavern were a car, they'd be a borderline interesting sedan - few surprises lurk within, but that doesn't mean those within can't be happily transported. I wandered in here on a Saturday night, on the September breeze that brought me. What I found was a fairly spartan arrangement, patio seating out front, and a cozy bar inside nestled in a corner. I chose the latter. Interesting though: when I asked if they carried an Ayinger Dunkel (there was a branded chalkboard hanging next to the bar), the bartender looked at me like I was speaking French and didn't know what a dunkel was...offering me a Chimay instead. I drank it, and for the next hour and a half or so I settled into a familiar rotation which included the tasty beers they did have on hand and some regular, solid wait staff service. Not a remarkable experience, per se, but definitely not a bad one. I'd try 'em again if the time was right.
4	Philosopher's Stone is definitely a nonpretentious hang out where you can come as you are.  Mixed clientele.  Indoor and outdoor seating.  Outdoor you can shoot pool, play ping pong, cornhole, or just hang!  We didn't eat.  We went late night to hear a great jam band inside.  Will definitely go back on a pretty evening to sit outside and chill.
3	If I could eat the pepper jack mac and cheese all day long, I would. I get it every time I go. The sandwiches are pretty good too. It's got a great, laid back atmosphere where you can get pretty decent bar food and a have a beer or two.
3	I wasn't really sure what to expect from this place.  We don't hang out in Elizabeth very often, but some friends in town for the Avett Bros wanted to meet up here before the show.  I think everyone else had the same idea - we got there a little after 5, and the place was Hoppin.  It didn't help that a thunderstorm was moving through, so no one could take advantage of the outside patio.Luckily, we scored a booth in the corner by the bar, and there we parked for a couple hours, out of the way of the already-drunk, Super Charlotte crowd.Most of our party needed to eat, but I was glad I didn't, as the menu didn't particularly stand out to me.  They had a few veg-friendly items, everything deep fried and doused in butter and/or cheese... general pub food, though, and nothing terribly spectacular.  In addition, because they were "slammed," according to our server, it took the food at least an hour to arrive...They didn't have a great beer selection on tap, but we were able to subsist on Fat Tire.  I doubt it would ever be a regular watering hole for me, but the outside area did look fantastic, and I can imagine spending another evening outside with friends (and with pleasant weather) subsisting on Fat Tire for a few hours.  I can imagine it.
4	My first visit to "P-Stone"! Had a great day to sit outside and take it all in. Easy description/conversation of the afternoon:Todd..."I'd like a PBR and an Old Milwaukee"Waitress..."you want both?"Todd..."yes I would, as I have two hands"Great location, great friends and great times. They even have bags and ping-pong outside for all you athletes out there. Will I be back...absolutely! Sorry it took so long P-Stone.
4	I really do enjoy coming here on a  sunny afternoon to drink their $2 beer specials and sit outside with friends under the trees.  The staff is really friendly and you can also bring your pups to hang out with you. Oh - and they have ping pong and corn hole to play to.  I have not had their food - that is a must for next time, so my four stars are for beer prices and atmosphere - really casual.
4	Sweet, sweet patio. I adore thee. P Stone has earned a special place in my heart because I kicked my husband's a$$ in corn hole on the patio. That's really important, folks. But seriously, this patio is really great for people watching, grabbing a few drinks and thoroughly enjoying the gorgeous weather that Charlotte experiences 70% of the time. Ping pong, cornhole, pool inside, it's all here. Service was a great blend of friendly and aloof - and I mean that in a good way. Our server pretty much left us alone unless our beers looked less than half full. With super drink specials and a fab patio, I know I'll be back here soon. Plus, I plan to beat my husband in corn hole again....I'm sure he'll need a rematch.
4	I like the P-Stone.  It may not be for everyone, but it's my kind of place.  If you are a music lover you will know what I mean.  The vibe is very chill from the live local music, pool/ping pong tables, outdoor patio and inside decor.  They even have a back room where I've seen bands play too, but I prefer it when something is going on in the courtyard!  The food is decent, but I like it for more of a hangout spot than a restaurant.  The food is just an added bonus when you get those munchies ;).  They have an awesome jukebox for all the jam band heads and good beers on tap.  Two knocks for me is the lack of TVs and the potential for spotty service.  I would give it 3.5, but I round up because it's my favorite Jukebox in Charlotte.
4	I've gotta give Pstone a solid 4 stars.  As my patronage continues to grow, I may even give a bump to 5!  This laid back bar serves the Elizabeth area well.  And hey, if you aren't feeling a good vibe here, you can walk next door to Jacks!  Last week, I spent much of my evening out on the patio.  We played corn hole and ping pong AND, got to watch a performer do some hula hoop tricks.  Can't get any better than that.  I love me some free entertainers!!  The drink costs are cheap compared to the uptown prices.  As you can see in my name, "Bacardi Makes My Party," I know the prices of Bacardi all too well :p  At Pstone it's only $5!  I usually pay $6.50 everywhere else.  Everyone here is very laid back, I don't think I can emphasize that enough.  I found most people to be very approachable and super cool.  I've actually heard some great things about the food, but I have yet to try it!  At times it can get a hippie feel to it which is quite relaxing.I'll be back this summer fo' sho'
3	Decent place.  Lots of picnic tables outside.  Service is alright.  Prices are good.Menu is somewhat vegetarian friendly.  Several options.  I had the Jerry-G's Kind Veggie Grill, which was not bad.  Love fresh-grilled veggies with goat cheese.  Though not fantastic, I probably would have given them a 4, except...One of their signature drink items is a tower of beer ( I believe about 7 beers worth).  We ordered a tower of beer and the server said they were out of towers.  It  was a weekday, and only about half full, so not really sure what was going on there.  We ended up ordering a bottle of wine, but I can order a bottle of wine anywhere.
4	This place is a dive but is strangely appealing.  The food was good and reasonably priced.  Service was friendly and fast.  The outdoor patio is amazing with ping pong and corn hole.  They even had a band outside on a Wednesday night.  Great hang out joint.  Wii definitely be back.
4	It's one of those places. You know, one of those bars that is dingy enough that it makes you feel at home and dirty just enough to make you feel a little dirty, yourself. I can only imagine that there used to be a haze of smoke around the bar in the days when it was legal. It definitely looks like one belongs there. For those of us who prize those qualities along  with cheap drinks, and a good crowd over atmospheric expectations, this bar is for us'ns. Great outdoor area, great live music, mediocre service, surly crowd, low lights.... it's a good place. I can't comment on the food, since this strikes me as more of a games and drink place over a food/munchies establishment. Every experience there has been a unique one, from talking to the bands, to beating the interesting characters of Murph and 'Sparkles' at pool. All around, good times.The only complaint I have is that the drink specials could be a bit more fair. As a fan of quaffing with the men-folk, I get some jealous looks at my beer, which is half the price of theirs on Ladies Night Thursdays.
4	I have a special place in my heart for places in walking distance of my house where I can bring my dog. So P. Stone gets points off the bat for that -and the water and treats they always bring my pup. Sit outside and there is live music often. The food is hit or miss- but not pricey. I like the mashed potatoes- pepper jack mac and cheese and nachos of knowledge (clearly I've eaten healthy here) but I love the backyard vibe even if your server will often go missing for a while.
5	Threw a big party/event (40th party) for my boyfriend here last weekend. Had some appetizers put together buffet style for guests and we had the back room with the foos ball and pool tables. Had a great bartender, Kevin, who took very good care of us. Great drink specials, very accomodating... and an ourdoor patio area with a fire pit (that was lit and very warm)! The wings were good (we had hot and the jerk), and the spinach dip was A-MAZING. I was very pleased adn will definitely go back again and again! Just be careful if you park across the street-a young lady was killed while crossing two weeks ago... it's very dangerous (especially after a few drinks!!)
4	This is a great place to get some beers and enjoy the weather outside.  There is plenty of outside seating and dogs are welcome! You can also play ping pong or cornhole, if you are so inclined.  Their food was pretty good too. We had the crab dip, fish tacos and pepper jack mac n cheese and it was all super yummy and for that plus beers, we spent less than $25 for two people!
4	Love the outdoors area at philosophers. Outdoor ping pong, corn hole, hook the key, and sitting area.
5	I won't say why my roommate and I ended up here at 1:15 am on a Monday in our pajamas, the point is, it happened. I've been here several times before, but living right around the corner has really upped the appeal on this place. And it was pretty high to start with. It's just a good bar with a relaxed atmosphere, usually a live band playing, a perfect patio. What else do you need in life? It's also dog-friendly. Excellent neighborhood bar!
4	In the heart of this summer heat wave we are experiencing in Charlotte, sometimes you need nothing more than a chill bar, with frigid drinks!  Well, you have come to the right spot - P-Stone.I have now been to Philosophers Stone (aka P-Stone) a handful of times now, with the most recent time being yesterday - the 4th of July.  Yesterday, on the 4th, they had plenty of live music to entertain the crowd of people outside enjoying the weather and eating lunch on the patio area.  The patio here is certainly legit, and on par with other bars in the area such as Kennedy's across the street.  They had $2 bud lite bottles which my comrades and I eagerly took advantage of.  The service has been great every time I've been to P-Stone.  I can not exactly tell you when they do and don't have live music, but I came here on Memorial Day and they had live music as well as on yesterday - the 4th of July!  The bands are always chill and seem to perfectly complement the ambiance of this place.  I'll end by saying there is nothing I dislike about P-Stone.  Of course, parking can be a little tricky here, but its like that for all the establishments in the area.  In the sake of full disclosure, I must admit I have never eaten at P-Stone, but I am told that the food here is above par.  Cool bar, chill music, warm welcoming atmosphere.
4	I've heard quite a bit about this place without actually really even seeing it before.  I knew ahead of time from looking at their menu that they have a good selection of sandwiches and random appetizers, but that their prices are a couple dollars higher than you might hope.We had the garlic-parmesan hot wings which were very tasty and one of the highlights of the night.  They were cooked well, and the taste was great, I only wish there was more sauce and that they were a little spicier (no huffing and puffing at all).We also had a bacon cheeseburger which was cooked to perfection and was pretty large, but sized right so it didn't disintegrate like most restaurant's large burgers.For sides we had a macaroni salad that was ok, but not great and some asparagus which was very good and tasted fresh which means it totally passed the test.The patio is fantastic and they have live music, although it was unfortunately over when we arrived at about 8:45PM.  The location is also great since it is near other bars and restaurants and in a good neighborhood to putt around if you have time.The beer selection is pretty good, although they do run out of some of their beers on tap, at least they ran out of my 1st and 2nd choices when I went there!
5	Awesome experience.  Don't pass this one up.
3	Had my first visit here last night after joining some folks for a run in that neighborhood.  I didn't realize how small the actual inside was but that really kind of appeals to me.  The place isn't by any means state of the art or anything.  It's more like a Cheers kind of bar.  No frills, just good beer and good service.The patios here are where it's at apparently.  I didn't see a sole inside, everyone really comes here to hang out, outside.  This little area of 7th street is cool with Kennedy's and Jacks right there so if you are in the area just pop in and see for yourself.
4	Fantastic bar with a great outdoor area, and pretty great food selection. This was definitely one of my favorite places during the hot summer nights that I was in town. Also, they have a touch tunes jukebox, which are way too much fun. Next time I'm in Charlotte I'm definitely headed back!
4	Stopped in here for a quick beer and ended up staying for dinner.  Had the meat loaf special with mushroom gravy, mashed potatoes, and asparagus.  I love meat loaf and this was excellent.  The beer selection is very good and the bar area is pleasant, and the juke box has some nice selections.
3	We stopped by here on our way to a Phish show. It was really chill and had a great patio.
3	From a neighborhood bar perspective, Philosophers Stone is definitely A-OK. I wanted to check it out and so I went over for dinner and a glass of wine.Knowing that  I should probably not expect gourmet fare at a place like this, my expectations weren't overly high. As I walked in I saw the special board offering meatloaf. I thought "ah, perfect" can't mess up meatloaf.....My dinner started off with a salad - very fresh, cold, nothing fancy - just right. I thought - so far, so good. Then my dinner came which included asparagus, whipped potatoes, meatloaf and mushroom gravy. Not caring for mushroom gravy, I had asked for it on the side. The asparagus was perfectly cooked. The potatoes were just fine and seasoned appropriately. But now we come to the meatloaf. Meatloaf is supposed to be really moist on its own without gravy. And guys - meatloaf should NOT have grill marks. There is absolutely no reason to put meatloaf on a grill or flat top. The huge portion (two big thick slices) of meatloaf was dry - so dry that I definitely had to dip pieces in the mushroom gravy (mainly flavored corn starch.) I ate approximately 1/3 of one of the pieces.On a very positive note, there was an old time music trio playing. That made the trip worthwhile.So, I will definitely go back to the PS for a drink, music and perhaps some food but I plan on staying away from the meatloaf.
3	The food was pretty good and the draft beer selection was excellent. I loved the outdoor patio and all of the games (corn-hole, Foosball, ping pong, etc).
1	I've been here twice. The first time, I got a hard time for playing a song on the jukebox.The second time, one of the owners was hammered drunk and acted like a frat boy and wanted to fight, but typical of that breed, was all talk. Come to find out later, this is a good place to buy drugs, if you like that kind of thing. So, this bald idiot owner grabbed me by the jacket, wanted me to come outside, came an inch within my face and wanted to fight me. He wanted to "teach me something about life." I decided it was a good time to leave and tell the bartender I was never coming back. If you're running a business, you better have a damn good reason for physically threatening a customer. And if you're gonna posture like that, be a man and follow through. I've been a bartender and I never worked for anyone who so unprofessional and belligerent. I'm sure he wouldn't have been such a tough guy if he hadn't been in his own place.This place should be closed down. Sooner or later, it's the kind of place you'll see on the news, b/c someone got stabbed or b/c of a drug bust.
5	This place has some of the best bartenders and bar food in the city! Laid back and affordable, plus they have great live music!
2	I wanted to like this bar; great name, good location, but... the food was nothing special and the service was not good. a "please seat yourself" sign at the door followed by a good 10-15minutes before anyone stopped by the table for drinks and menus. drinks sat unfilled until someone bothered to come by and check up. the place wasn't even busy enough to warrant the poor service. i'd be willing to give it a second shot, probably.
1	Now I've been to this place multiple times and usually everything has been decent. But lately I'm not sure if the servers just don't care anymore but the last couple of times that we have been sitting outside, we have been waiting for a server for 20 plus minutes. I've gone to multiple different servers to ask to be waited on and they all say "it's not my section but i'll find your server" and nothing happens. And it's not even on busy days. We went Sunday night around 8 pm. There were about 7 or 8 other tables and 3 servers. I used to work in the biz and I know that isn't normal. I've tried to give this place chances time and time again and I want to enjoy it but it seems they just don't care about getting people to come back that are new. We ended up going to jackalope jack's and got service immediately.
4	A Widespread Panic cover band plenty of outdoor seating and some cheap beers, yup that pretty much covers my awesome weekend experience at P-stones!  I'd say I've been a P-stoner for the last five years now, I can always count on the great service and atmosphere here.  Daily drink specials are always a plus and the food is pretty decent for bar fare.If you are looking for a laid back place to grab a few drinks and sit outside P-stone's would be on my top five list.  Two outdoor patios, two bars inside,and another bar outside you won't be thirsty here.
3	Hmmm....let's see...my experience here is a little tough to describe but I will try to break it down...First of all, I'm glad I saw the patio first because the outdoor seating really drew me in.  Had I gone inside FIRST I don't think we would have stayed.  The inside was dark, dingy, damp, old and likely moldy.  However, we opted to sit outside which was very laid back and perfect for people watching.  I was definitely a little out of place because I think I was the only person there that didn't have a tattoo sleeve but that's ok.  The vibe was very "chill" for the most part and everyone there seemed to be engulfed in deep, philosophical conversations.  This place doesn't have a warm and friendly vibe...it is more of a low key, don't bother me kind of vibe.We were told to seat ourselves on the patio so we did and we waited for a good 15 minutes before we were greeted or told who our server would be.  I'm pretty sure our waitress didn't crack a smile the entire time we were there.  She did her job but she was slow, had a tendency to disappear and seemed bothered by our presence (maybe it was the lack of tattoos at our table...haha)..The food was ok.  I tried the chicken lettuce wraps and it was basically sodium over iceburg lettuce....  Clearly a frozen package of teriyaki veggies, thawed and served.  I wasn't impressed and I would never get them again. We also tried the buffalo chicken wrap and that was pretty good, not too spicy and had a lot of flavor.  It was served with some greasy chips that were actually pretty decent.Overall, I wasn't that impressed with Philosophers Stone.  I LOVE the patio seating and the food is a step above average bar food but I just wasn't loving the overall vibe this place puts out...just my opinion.  I would not likely return unless forced against my will.
3	Pretty chill spot in Elizabeth and this bar usually completes my hop from Kennedy's to Jacks and back to P Stone. The beer is a good selection with plenty of classic domestics as well as some lesser-known brands, perfect to satisfy your entire group. The outside patio area has a good vibe and is really laid back. It's typically hard to snag a table but most patios are during the summer. They have live music outside a good bit - while I love a live band, the tables are all quite close to the stage (as it's not a huge outside area) so really hard to carry on a conversation when the band is jamming out. The food is bar food so you pretty much know what you are getting when you order. Don't get me wrong, it's good but nothing I'd crave or suggest for dinner. The only thing that bothers me here is the service is so hit or miss. One night my lovely friend Krysten and myself sat at the only available table on the patio trying to order drinks. I can understand a busy server but she literally never came to the table. Ever. And just kept walking by. We waited for about a solid 10 minutes before we both said forget it and moved inside. We then posted up at a booth in the corner and once again waited for our server... low and behold, no server to be found. Seriously?! So I walked to the bar, ordered drinks and the bartender was nice enough to take care of us even though she wasn't working the tables. Eventually we found out from the bartender that the server 'didn't see us there'. Right.... and on other occasions it's just been slow getting drinks. And food. And our tabs. Positive side note though, while other patios are elevated, this one sits street level and is prime time for people watching.
2	The food and the atmosphere were pretty good the one time we actually got service. We even went inside and asked a server if we could see ourselves outside. We waited 12 minutes to even be acknowledged and given menu's. the server said she'd be right back and scurried off Without even asking what we would like to drink. We waited an additional 7 minutes Before getting up and going somewhere else. It wasn't busy enough to warrant such poor service. This is the 3rd time this has happened. I doubt we'll be going back.
5	Love love love this place! I came here after work on a late weekday night. It was a cool crisp winter night and I sat outside with a friend. We waited a while for service, but it was okay because the weather was great and it was quite busy. Our food was delicious. I ordered the fried pickles and it was divine. For the meal I ordered a burger and it was plump and cooked perfectly. Overall, this place is one of a kind with a very quaint cozy atmosphere. If you are in the area, you must check them out. You won't regret it!
1	I'm actually late In posting this review. ...we visited about a month ago, for the second time actually. We had an enjoyable first visit but this second visit,  not so much. The second visit completely overshadowed the first. We wanted to sit outside in their very nice relaxed patio area. This is the main thing that attracts me to this place, but if you're looking for quick attentive service. ..keep driving. As I'm seeing from quite a few other patrons,  we're not alone in this observation.  We went there and sat for about 15 min waiting for some acknowledgement. A table next to us who had only been sitting for roughly 7 min (I loosely timed it), got some attention before we did. Right at that moment we got up and walked out. No one even looked at, or noticed 2 adults and 2kids walking out of the place, had we become invisible all of a sudden?! Not one attendant even looked our way! Anywho, we left very unsettled, so I called back after leaving and spoke with the manager who seemed very nice and accommodating,  she offered a comp appetizer at our next visit. I thanked her, but knew deep down we wouldn't return.  We've never felt such a sense of disregard EVER before at a restaurant. ...so therefore they don't deserve any patronage from us ever again. The appeal of outdoor area is what got this review even one star!
3	Meh, alright food with a great alcohol selection.  Just don't be in a rush.  Friendly staff but slower than erosion.
5	Great place to go with a group of friends, or maybe your special someone, they have what most will say a great patio. I love the everything about this place. The food is actually really good for a bar. The scene most of the time will make you think you are in NoDa, nothing wrong with that though. The only issue I hate with this place is A the parking, you might get lucky and find a spot behind the building, if not you get to pay at the dollar store across the street.The bathrooms most of the time are insanely eww eww eww.
3	This is a great place to get a beer, sit on the patio and listen to live music from local bands. Their menu is varied and the food is okay, nothing to write home about. On Thursdays there is a running group that meets at 6:30 through Meet-up. It's a nice way to meet people and a good excuse to drink a beer after working out.
2	Ok place. Good for beer and relaxing. Just plan on staying a while. Sat at a table for 15-20 minutes before a server took our drink order. It took 30 minutes to get food and after asking for the check it took aboit 20 minutes before our server dropped it off. I might come back if I'm planning on staying a while. Other wise I'll try a place that pays more attention to the service.
3	Wow, I am really giving away my age here, because I have not been to the building that now houses the P-Stone since it was the Bayou Kitchen. (I used to hang out at Bayou Kitchen back in the days when Bill Noonan & Gigi had a regularly scheduled gig there.) In any case, I found myself in the area recently on a Friday night after work and needed to kill a little time before going to an event, so I decided to stop in to have a beer.  The outdoors have really changed since the Bayou days, now it has a huge deck area and lots of chairs & a little gazebo thingy. I understand they have live music at times and so this would be a great place to hang out when the weather is nice! However, when I stepped inside, it was like stepping back in time! The place looks the same as I remember it! (Only difference was a better beer selection on tap!) The place is still dark and divey - with cool & funky people working behind the bar. When I stopped in, the clientele was very mixed. There were a couple of young professionals hanging out, but most of the patrons were  hippies, LBGTs, blue-collar folks, college kids, and heavily tattooed bar/restaurant worker types. So, definitely an eclectic mix as you would expect to find in this neighborhood.If you are looking for a casual place to hang out with a laid-back & unpretentious vibe, check out the P-Stone.
3	I stopped in at The Philosophers Stone Tavern two times on my last business trip to Charlotte - once for dinner, and once to get our booze on.Dining Experience: 2.5 starsBoozing Experience: 4 starsLet's start with the dinner.  I had a chicken sandwich, which I know is a boring order to begin with, but I wanted something lighter.  It was unfortunately as bland as it sounded.  Our server, Mercedes(?), was friendly though and made sure our drinks were never empty.  She also was on top of the local beer scene, which I appreciated since I was from out of town and interested in trying the local craft brews.  Three nights later we were back, but this time to play Cornhole and outdoor Ping Pong.  3 hours and many, many, MANY drinks later we called it a night.  It was a blast.Overall a solid A-OK experience.
2	A year ago, this place was 4 or 5 stars. We were here on a Wednesday night: the music was great outside on the patio, only reason I gave a 2nd star. Our server Holly was great too, but clearly over extended. The burger that arrived barely resembled the description on the menu (see photo). Management, please get your shit together.
