4	A smog check every year?  Besides someone talking in a movie theatre that has got to be the most annoying thing ever!  I'm all about a clean smog-free environment, but every year?  Like my car is really gonna smog it up in one year.  Anyway, I love how I see smog check stations all the time when I don't need a smog check, but when I need to get one, where are they?  I've gone to this Jiffy Lube on a regular basis for my oil changes but never knew they did smog checks.  I drove by on my way to get a haircut and saw the new sign for smog.  I pulled in, they showed me to the lobby, and were done in about 5 minutes.  They are quick, polite, and they have the Weekly in their lobby to read.  The smog check was $20 and an oil change runs about the same.  They have a Jiffy card that gives you discounts along with Manager's Specials they run once in a while.  Very convenient.
3	Everyone was super helpful. Good prices. Didn't try to push me too hard on adding things I didn't need. Very happy with the service.
5	Quick nice and professional .
1	Friendly staff - too bad they put a hole in the dash of my daughters car and tried to tell me it was already there. Shame on you, an apology would have been accepted but now you are getting a bad review.
1	I would give a better review for the oil change alone, but we noticed after driving away that the dashboard-which had only a crack in it-now has a gaping hole! My mother called to complain, and, stereotypically, the manager claims it was already there!! Would yelp please make it possible to give a 0-star review, or a warning flag for untrustworthy businesses managed by total JERKS? The 'nice and professional' comment for this place is making me laugh... for it's anything but that.
1	Called to see if they could replace the air filter in my car, gave them the info for my car and they told me that they could do it. Well, when I get there they had to look up what kind of filter it needed and then took 10 minutes trying to find it. They then quoted a price. I looked at the filter and immediately knew it was the wrong one. I told them as much, and they looked at me dumbfounded and asked what I meant. So I opened the hood and showed them, they told me they had never seen that kind of filter setup. Then told me it had to be aftermarket and only the dealership would be able to do it. My car is factory standard everything. No bells, no whistles. Turned out they were looking at the wrong engine type when they looked it up. I thought that these guys were mechanics... Kinda shocking that they don't know their way around a car.
1	Very disappointed in the service I received at the Jiffy Lube on Marks St. in Henderson, NV. They left three large interior grease stains in my vehicle, two on the seat and one on the arm rest. They tried rubbing it out but just made it worse. Finally they sent one of the guys to Walmart to pick up a specialty product which helped but not entirely. The assitant manager offered a full refund, but the manager overruled him and said he had to charge me for the air filter. After some back and forth, he credited back the entire amount but with a bad attitude. I won't be going back under any circumstances.
1	First, let me start by stating I did not service my vehicle here.  Now, let me explain why. The Asst manager attempted right out of the gate to talk me into an oil change that would have come to over 80 dollars.  Then, I suppose the look I gave him, convinced him to sweeten the deal by offering a 14 dollar discount.  66 dollars, oh my, what a great guy.  Meanwhile the tech comes In for my keys. I explain my angst over his boss treating me like some idiot and ask why their basic oil change is forty bucks.  He agreed it was a bit steep and empathized with me. While we are a chatting, his boss pops his head in the door telling him to hurry up and get my car in the bay. It was at that point I let him know they were charging way too much and I would be going elsewhere to get my oil changed.  The only pleasant part of the experience was my short chat with the tech who was honest about the overpriced oil change!  Women, men and aliens from other worlds beware!  I'm really confused why so many Jiffy Lubes are in the top ten at Yelp.
5	Been using them for smog for several years now. Always in and out. Friendly staff always takes care of me.  Will be back thanks again.
5	I've been coming here for years and have never had a problem. I recently had an oil change by another Jiffy Lube in Minnesota to which I was assured everything was set for my road trip back to Las Vegas. To renew my vehicle registration I needed a smog check. I went to a local business to have them complete this to which I was informed that the oil level was not even registering on the dipstick. After a 1,500 mile trip I expected the oil to be low but not dry. I went to this Jiffy Lube for some answers (and redemption on their part). I was greeted promptly by a friendly technician and asked for a manager. He asked if he could help and I told him the story. The Asst. Manager Eddie spoke with me in a timely manner and listened as I told my frustration. His customer service was phenomenal with his aim at making the customer happy. When everything was almost complete he showed the levels of all the fluids (as requested) and was friendly throughout the whole process. Even though I have moved across town, I will be making a special trip to this specific Jiffy Lube because of the service.
1	I went in to get an oil change and they sold me on radiator services as well. The very next day, my car started seizing coming out of stop lights and signs. I returned to JL and stated what was happening after my visit. The assistant manager was rude and told me that the car seizing had nothing to do with what they had done. Upon further inspection, they noticed the radiator was bone dry. They were the ones who flushed the radiator only 5 days before. So, they forgot to replace the radiator fluid. Sure enough, I have not experienced the car seizing since. I will not go here again......that is after I speak with a manager.
1	I go to plenty of Jiffy lubes in the valley being I own a couple cars. I chose not to go to this location being they are not very freindly AT ALL, when I visited this location for the first time it immediately became my last.
5	This location everyone is very nice and helpful. I had taken my car to tireworks and they said I needed head gaskets for $2501. These guys at jiffy lube took me under car and said oil plug was wrong size and corrected the problem. These guys here are nice and honest
4	I took my car to the dealership where they gave me a ridiculous quote for an oil change. I immediately went to Jiffy Lube where I was greeted by a new serviceman and escorted inside. I asked the front desk technician about pricing and the wait time, as there were several customers ahead of me. The front desk personnel was very knowledgable and took care of each customer promptly. I met with Hank, who looked over my vehicle. Hank was very helpful, friendly and knowledgable about the services offered and what I needed. I can say my experience today was great. I walked away saying I will definitely come back in the future for service on my vehicle. Thanks.
5	Just got my oil change today and the staff there was amazing!Gina got me in right away and I left within 10 minutes! they did an awesome job and the service was wonderful! very knowledgeable and super friendly! I will absolutely be going back there!
5	I took my car in today for a basic oil change. They got me in right away and I was ready to go in about 10 minutes. The service was excellent and I would highly recommend bringing your car here for great service.
5	Got my oil done here. Great experience. I'd recommend going on a Sunday or Monday when Gina & Robin are working. They made me feel really comfortable, didn't try to upsale me on anything (I hate that) gave me a good deal! Was in and out in 20 mins!
4	Robin & Gina were very fiendly and helpful. Had to get my vehicle smogged and all went well. Good place and friendly service.
5	I'd had the HORRIBLE realization that Midas had tried to rip me off the day before and didn't know what Jiffy would say, but these guys were honest and they restore my faith in mechanics!My car A/C went out two weeks ago and luckily I found a GROUPON for MIDAS (A/C-recharge service for a car with up to 32 oz of freon $59.99) I finally got enough time to take it in so I made an appointment.  I told the guy my A/C went out but hot air is still blowing from the vents. The heating still works perfectly fine; however, every time I switch to the air conditioning I can hear a hissing sound. I told him I was pretty sure I needed the A/C recharge and I handed him the Groupon.  He says, "Sure, we'll take a look at it." About an hour and a half later the guy says, "Ok I got some bad news."  He gives all this mumbo jumbo about what's wrong and all I hear is $1,063.04! I was SHOCKED AND DUMBFOUNDED!  I asked him, so the A/C recharge didn't work at all?"  He says no.  I told him that I was pretty shocked by that because I've only had this car since January 2013 and I know the guy I bought it from did extensive replacement of most of hoses and belts.  I say to him, "So what EXACTLY do I need done to make my A/C work?"  He gives me the mumbo jumbo again.  Finally I asked him for an estimate with EXACTLY what needed to be done in order for my A/C to work and a second with all the other things that were wrong.  Now, mind you... he said they performed the A/C recharge inspection.  And the estimate stated it as well.FULL ESTIMATE:*A/C Hose : remove & replace PARTS: $154.65 LABOR: $159.68*Radiator: remove & replace PARTS: $199.99 LABOR: $349.30*EXTENDED LIFE COOLANT FLUSH SERVICEComplete cooling system flush with extended life antifreeze/coolant PARTS: $101.45 LABOR: $8.59TOTAL PARTS: $456.09TOTAL LABOR: $517.52TOTAL: $1,063.04So I looked at this and I asked so if I had you replace the A/C Hose right now my air conditioning will 100% be working again?  He said, "Yes that's what you need done in order for you A/C to work.  (Mind you that estimate is only $349.31) I asked, "So you're saying I have a leak in my radiator, right? Wouldn't I see the liquid leaking from underneath my car?"  He looks at me and says, " Not necessarily."  I basically told him I wanted to think about it but in reality I wanted a second opinion because I just didn't believe him.     I decided to stop by Jiffy Lube and ask if they could take a look. They offered the the A/C recharge for $150 but said if my air conditioning isn't working afterward, I wouldn't pay a dime.  Can't beat that can you?  2 hours later... my air conditioning was working like new!  AND... only cost $160.60!!!!!!  This is my new place of service!  Even my oil changes now!  I just want to thank Chris and the AMAZING staff  there! You have gained a LOYAL customer for ALL future Oil changes and repairs!
5	Went in last week get my oil change and inspection. This employee name Carlos was great. He went over my manufacture specs of my truck and didnt even know i had cabin filter and glad Carlos pointed this out to me. But overall great service Carlos took care of me great customer service from younger folk. Found my new jiffy lube come to hope Carlos can teach other jiffy lubes how treat customer for this i givr him and store 5 plus stars.Thanks again.
5	Highly recommended. Fast, knowledgeable and cheaper then I expected. I stopped in for an oil change and was out in 10minutes.  They even let me vacuum interior. I want to thank Chris for his hospitality and professionalism. I am now a returning Jiffy Lube customer.
1	I needed an oil change, as I was going out of town.   It was convenient to go here as I work nearby.  I printed a coupon for the oil change for $24.99 - but it's bare bones.  You don't get the regular service for less. You get less.  Ok fine.   I drive up and they have signs out saying $24.99.   Ok, so I guess I don't need this coupon I ask? Well, says the service rep #1..... We don't top off the fluids or vacuum etc (as with the Signature Plan), but for $10,  the rep said they would top off all  the fluids too... so I said ok.  So now we are at $34.99 ouch... I would have looked around for a cheaper place....but if they top off all the fluids etc... maybe it is worth it?-Sitting in the waiting room, and after about 15 min., a guy comes in rep #2  and called me out to the shop..... ( Here goes the up-sell I think  to myself)  We noticed you could use a little coolant, and that is going to cost you extra...... I then explained I was already getting the $10 fluid top off.....  Coolant, although it is a fluid, is not included in the fluid top-off he says.    That is not what  I was told when I agreed to the $10 top off service in the first place. Now I don't trust these guys....At this point I am wondering why I am paying $10 extra if all my fluids are fine except for the coolant, which is now not included?   I declined to pay an extra fee for the coolant, and then he tried to sell me a wiper blade and air filter... I don't blame him for that... I am sure that is how they make a little extra money...but I don't buy anything from people I don't trust.   Anyway, I was back in the waiting room, and didn't appreciate the way I felt, and then on top of that, there was some less than professional language coming from the shop in terms of "F" bombs.   Ultimately, my car was ready, I paid the $40.82 for the oil change, yeah, there is tax too...... and then on my way to the car... I see a friendly face, rep #3, and explained what happened, and he said that was odd, because  the coolant is included in the fluid top off!  He then disappeared for a moment, and then rep #2 comes back out, and asks what the problem was....  and I said I was just explaining that I had a bad experience here.  I did not want to get either rep #1 or rep #3 in trouble... so I let it go but definitely was going to write this review.    Update:I received a call from Mario... the manager, and he apologized for the experience, and offered a complimentary oil change... I declined... as I don't want or expect anything for free... and I am sure these shops have a very tight operating budget.  I just want to be treated honestly and professionally, as I am sure everyone wants to be treated.I told him I will give them another try. I know this company is usually good, and it is hard to find good people these days.... Honesty and integrity are so important in dealing with people, and if there is a mistake, It is better to correct it as soon as possible.   What are your thoughts?
5	I've had used jiffy lube service for the past 20 years never had a problem, I always try to take my five cars to this place they are so fast and convenient they always took care of my vehicles.  Just today  Oct 31, 2014 I went in with a complaint on the last oil change I had done with them, I explain the situation and the store manager Mario was very professional, apologetic and quickly resolved the situation, I was very pleased of the outcome and will continue to do business with jiffy lube. Thank you Mario and team mates.
1	Came back yesterday for my oil change and I got to say this place has changed. I asked for Carlos or Chris and this guy named Mario laughed and said their no longer here. I asked where they get transfered to and laughed again said no longer with company so I continued with service. Tell me why he kept shaking the yes shake his head while he was trying sell me stuff I didn't need I took care of last visit plus his eyes were so blood shot red and so was another employee looked like they were high off narcotics. Very unprofessional they should randomly drug test their employees because it seems they are under influence of something. Sad see carlos or chris are no longer with company best service advisor I had wish they would bring him back clean up that store maybe they I will  return as loyal customer
5	Everybody was very attentive,  they filled everything up and vacuumed my car. Definitely worth the trip and for a great price :-) These guys are proof that Customer Service is not dead, I will return!
5	Eric was very helpful and friendly he gave me a price quote and I stopped into day to take him up on it
