5	Thanks Nate for an unbelievable day at your wonderful course....I loved the track and the views..amazing course from the tips and very fair from the mid box too.....
5	I first visited Blackstone when the course first opened back in 2004. I joined soon after and I must tell you this Country Club is one of the best in the Valley and it has to be one of the friendliest golf clubs that I have every visited. From the many awards this club has won to the outstanding service it is no wonder, why  Blackstone has grown even in a slow economy.  I have been inviting clients and friends from all over and everyone agrees that this is one of the best Golf Clubs that they have the opportunity to experience.
5	I had the opportunity to play on this amazing course because of Nate Martinez. I showed up at the course without the proper golf attire. I am now the owner of a Blackstone shirt, shorts & hat. We had lunch at the club- amazing Turkey sandwich.The driving range was nice but the best part were the challenging holes. The greens run fast which took some adjusting... Next time I play Blackstone I will be ready for them!!
5	This is probably the nicest course I've ever played on.  The 9th hole pin placement was really something and almost impossible, and that made it fun.  The views are amazing, and the greens are as lush as I've ever seen.  Would not have guessed they'd be that green in AZ.  I would definitely play this course again!
5	My wife and I just got married at Blackstone, and I'm still amazed at how awesome they are to work with.  Elizabeth, Megan, and Alicia all worked tirelessly to make our wedding memorable.  The location couldn't have been better, I'm still getting compliments on how beautiful it was.  We read the glowing reviews prior to booking, and all I can say is that I agree with them 100%.
4	Came here for a wedding and wow was it nice.  I could not imagine what the cost is but it has to be worth it.  The landscaping and plants look perfect, the building was Tuscan looking with a great bar and really nice property.
5	We had our wedding there in October.  Blackstone Country Club definitely exceeded our expectations.  Emily took over coordinating and was absolutely excellent.  Everything we ever wanted was done, and the staff made our day so special and go so smoothly.  Every staff member was courteous and really went out of the way to make the day beautiful.  The site was amazing and our guests are still raving about the food.  We were a little bummed at first to use onsight bakery, but were definitely very happy with the cake.  Not only was it delicious, but so beautiful.  We could not have asked for anything more, we had a dream wedding.  Highly recommend!!
4	I agree with all the other reviewers here.  Blackstone is a fantastic course in great shape with excellent facilities.  Just one thing;  if you are a member of the middle class, such as I am, and would like to visit the bar at the course, a third of a glass of bar wine will set you back about $15, gratuity included, of course.  No cash accepted.  This didn't ruin the golf; it ruined my day.
3	Decent course, extremely friendly staff and amazing amenities. There are public courses you can play for a better price that have a better track. Glad I played it
5	Best private country club in NW Phoenix. Golf is challenging. The course is in great shape. The staff and Restuarant are superb
