5	Excellent service very friendly people might close never looked better thanks sunset drycleaner
3	I was disappointed by my experience at sunset dry cleaners. This location is very convenient to my house, so I would have loved to have made them my regular dry cleaner. They advertise most items at $2.25. There are several signs inside and out advertising this. When I dropped off my items (two simple summer dresses, one with a light jacket) the man working didn't know what they would cost, so I agreed to pay on pick up when the owner was available. The man who helped me at drop off seemed new and since this wasn't just the basic button up shirt, I didn't mind. I returned to pick up my items and encountered another man (I believe he was a owner) who retrieved my items, but didn't know what to charge me. He had to call over a woman (his wife?). And she informed me that one dress was $4, the other was $6, and that the jacket with the dress was $2.25. I admit that I was surprised neither of these dresses came in at the $2.25 advertised, as neither had any stains, pleating, sleeves, or anything complicated. The items were cleaned and ironed to my satisfaction. I paid for my items, and did not receive a receipt. I didn't ask for one, but it would have been nice to have been offered. Sadly, I don't think I will return to sunset dry cleaners.
1	HORRIBLE!!! Kids running around screaming asking customers for tips, screaming at their mother while she tries to take my request.  Dropping off my laundry was the easy part, getting them back was a NIGHTMARE. Dropped off 7 items 2 were lost for a week 2 were ruined because they put them in the washer and 1 had to be re done. I spent a week chasing my laundry from these people.  The whole family was in there arguing with me about why I wanted my money back stating that not "all" of them were ruined REALLY?!?!
5	While I have not used them for dry cleaning, I had a phenomenal experience with Maggie the tailor. I brought in 10 curtain panels to be cut and hemmed. The work was completed the same day AND the panels were steamed. Everything was done beautifully and was reasonably priced. They even accepted a coupon I had gotten in the mail. This truly was an "as good as it gets" experience.
1	I really wanted to like this place since it is new and a family business. My first day I walked in and a kid took off running from laying on the couch. A few minutes later some one comes out to help me. (I should of just took my stuff and went somewhere else after that) I dropped 2 blouses off and noticed they also fixed shoes. Came to pick up my blouses after the "ready" date and only one was ready. I dropped off a shoe which I was told would be ready in a week. A week in a half later my boot isn't ready but my other blouse finally is. They say my shoe should be ready by Friday so I go Tuesday, still not ready. Long story short it took a month to get my shoe and every time I'd come in they would tell me it was ready and they were going to go pick it up. When it was finally ready they had a kid working the store who had no clue what he was doing.
