4	I've recently had occasion to visit the Lexus dealership in town for a few reasons--car got stolen (and crashed), car got nicked, car needed to be cleaned, and, most recently, the car needed to get its oil changed. Hendricks Lexus is all that you'd hope for from a car dealership. The staff here is amazingly friendly and really detailed in their efforts--you're really getting your money's worth, which is a good thing because obviously the place isn't that cheap. But they do a really good job, walk you through everything that needs to be done, and get you out of there in a timely fashion. What more can you want?Also, they clean your car (wash and vacuum) for free, which is awesome. And they do so with a smile, every time. Ok, now I'm gushing. The waiting room is also great--free drinks, coffees, snacks, and plenty of cozy sofas and plenty of magazines to get you through what could otherwise be a really boring, painful experience.
4	Excellent service department, you should take a tour, nothing compares to it.  Clean, AC, polished floors, and high tech gear.  Nice waiting room, free snacks.  Very comfortable seats and wi fi.  Prices are also good on service, better than some Lexus dealers.  I like it.
4	It's called service and this dealership specializes in it! I've been going here for several years and I've yet to experience anything other than top service from the service department.  This place is loaner car central, but even if I decide to wait, they've never had me wondering if they knew I were there.  The staff is unreal!  Once you pull up they're right there helping you out of the car, calling you by name, escorting you to your service person for the day, etc.  They definitely know how to take care of their customers, free car wash, fully stocked snack room, plush waiting area and a room for kids.  The prices seem to have gone up but you can occasionally run across a discount.
5	What an amazing car buying experience I had here!!!  They know how to make you feel taken care of.  The dealership is gorgeous but the real treat here are the people.  Everyone is SOOO nice and accommodating.  It's "above and beyond" in everything they do.
5	We've purchased several cars over the years. Usually from a Hendrick dealership. Our experience at the Lexus dealership tops them all. For the first time, I felt like a client, not a target. The Pre-owned Sales staff treated me as though I were buying a new car. Professional, super friendly, and aiming to please, Hendrick Lexus is as good as it gets!
5	We just bought our first Lexus from Hendrick Lexus on Independence Blvd in Charlotte. Hendrick and Tony Hairston (our sales contact) earned our business by spending the time to ensure we knew why Lexus was the best choice and why the RX350 was the right car.It was our first luxury car so we had a ton of research and notes. Tony was very patient and worked with us to get a great deal. No pressure tactics, just straight talk and respect durining the process.The service center is great - super clean, great waiting area and helpful and knowledgeable staff.We look forward to a long relationship with this location.
1	Have gone to the dealership several times received great customer service at the Independence and Northlake location by the people (my representative), had one not so great encounter but my personal rep at the dealership took care of the matter directly and provided a satisfactory end result.. **But what matters is what was done under the hood. Check Engine Light on. Total of three times. Went to Independence dealership, twice, at first they couldn't find out why it was coming on, then they said it was due to the fact that I needed to change my tires. So they reset the light to make it go away and was informed to have the tires changed.This happened twice, diagnostic was the same for both times from Independence location.Light came back on again the third time. Went to a Northlake dealership, they informed there was a misfire causing the Check Engine light to come on. They 'fixed' the issue and said, something in engine/engine part was dirty due to use regular fuel, which I have only used premium fuel. Question remains of what damages if any that were done to the engine by driving the car with improper diagnostics. Oil Change at NorthLake:Got the car back, and opened the trunk Three days later (Since I rarely use my trunk) and come to find out there are Five Large Leads to different parts that belong under the hood with bunch of screws were left behind in my trunk. The carelessness of the mechanics and customer service rep who did not do a walk-through before returning my car makes me question what else was not done properly or completely. Great customer service by the reps, but keep getting push back "nicely" and not getting 100% accurate results and getting things fixed the first time around at both locations.
3	Had to visit Lexus dealership at northlake twice after the initial issues, all so far it has been fixed. After receiving the car back, there was weird shakiness when coming to a stop. Wasn't able to detect the same issue when did a test drive with their technician. So therefore, nothing could be done.Again, customer service is great, manager at the location and personal reps are great, but issue remains on detecting the problems the first time and fixing them the first time.
5	I have purchased 4 Lexus . I had a 2001 IS, a 2002 GS 300, a 2006 GS300 and just recently purchased a 2013 GS 350. Since 2001 I have been in a Lexus and as far as customer service, sales and just overall experience has met and really have been above my expectations. That is why I really want to stay in a Lexus forever. Every Lexus that I've owed I figure it would be my last, but some how, the sales staff are willing to work with you and make it achievable. If I have my way, I will stay in a Lexus and the product makes it easy to be a returning customer. I was able to make my deal through emails. I never walked into the dealership, until I was ready to pick up the car. I didn't want to test drive it, because I know the history of GS (since I had 2 previously), but my salesperson insist that I do, so I took it around the corner and just like I thought, this is a car that really hit all the marks and then some. Hendrick Lexus gets it and I just wished that the customer service I receive for my other new car (which I want mention) had 1/3 of Lexus customer service practice. I tried my best to convince my wife not to buy that Volvo..I didn't mean to type that. I have told all that will listen that Hendrick is the place to buy or service your car. I get my car washed, good service and people that listen to you. I was in Columbia and I stopped in that Lexus dealership for a car wash and not once did anyone asked did I purchase the car there, it's a Lexus and it was washed and delivered back to me clean as a pin. I want to thank Hendrick Lexus for being on top of your game and treating each customer with value! GREAT JOB and thank you Hendrick Lexus for your excellent customer service!
5	Went in for service for a broken chair control and a taillight and although the wait was a bit longer than anticipated, it was enjoyable because of my ipad and actual REAL WIFI availability. My 2 year old had her movies on Netflix so we were set. The people are nice, the facility is clean with free food and beverages, you can't ask for more than that. I don't visit there often (thank goodness, knock on wood) but if needed I will definitely visit there again.
1	This dealer has no intention of making good on discounts offered.  I clearly received an email offer for $50 to be used AS CASH on ANY repair, they would not let me use it to repair my key fob which broke during normal use, just like yours will someday as they don't make them to last, they know they will break, it's a well documented problem.
5	If you are considering a Lexus, then Hendrick is the place!  I bought my second Lexus here, and couldn't be happier.  The dealership is clean, and the staff is friendly as well as personable.Jackie "JJ" Johnson in sales is amazing!  My initial visit was welcoming, and even though the vehicle I wanted was sold before I got there, he made a point to keep an eye out for another vehicle that matched my needs/wants.  I felt no pressure at all, and was never given the typical sales pitch.  JJ showed a genuine interest.  Aaron in finance is SUPERB!  He was extremely conscientious of my overall budget, and ensured I received the best rate available.  He was very friendly, thorough, and showed a caring side that is not typical when you go visit the financing entity.  He went above and beyond my expectations!  I highly recommend Hendrick Lexus, and will purchase all my Lexus vehicles only from them!
5	I bought my first Lexus LS400 from Hendrick in the early 90s and have been very pleased with the four vehicles I've owned. My first LS400 clocked 260K+ miles before I sold it. I have a 99 LS400 that has over 200K and is like new. My wife drives a late model RX350 and she's very pleased. The service, however, is the strong suit. Jeff Granzen is my service representative and I trust his advice and work completely. His work is courteous, highly competent and delivered on time. I am a strong advocate of Jeff and his dedication to his customer's satisfaction. Thanks you, S. Jacks
5	I have a 2005 Lexus GX470 which was purchased new from Hendrick Lexus on Independence Blvd in Charlotte. Through the years, their customer service has been outstanding! My service consultant is Josh Mohr, who is always courteous and very helpful. Recently  I had several issues with my vehicle and needed additional consultation and repairs, including one incident while I was out of town. David Shepherd, service director, helped me immensely!! He even took time to check with me after hours about the needed repairs and to make sure I would get the service I needed. His concern and desire to make sure the repairs were completed to my satisfaction was much appreciated. Thank you David Shepherd and Hendrick Lexus for outstanding service!
5	I have purchased 4 LS460's from Hendrick Lexus. I live in Greensboro and it's well worth the drive. The management team is great to work with. The prices are not bad and they don't try to rip you off. The service guys ( Jeffery Granzen) is great as we'll.  For any Lexus purchase your crazy not to come here.
5	Leased a car for the first time and could not have picked a better business to work with. Josh Plummer, Meredith Cameron, Andrew Treanor and the rest of the staff made this an incredibly easy experience and my wife and I are driving a brand new CT. Life is good!
5	Collin Grooms was my advisor & took great care of my car!  He was honest, great to work with and made sure I understood my options for the repairs.  I truly appreciate his service and attention.  I would return in a heart beat!  The location is also amazing.  Very relaxing with a good selection of snacks.
4	Purchased my RX 300 here in 2005; have returned for scheduled maintenance and other needs throughout the years.  Have always received top notch service from everyone from the service staff to the door greeters. Always a pleasant visit.
5	Amazing service as usual and very accommodating. Colin is great my oil change is also cheaper here than pep boys and Jify lube
5	If everyone knew what car buying should be... they all would want to buy it from Hendrick Lexus.  I say that because I am beyond impressed with the level of professionalism and the great quality of service I got here when I purchased a Pre-Owned vehicle.  I don't like a high maintenance car, but after owning a VW Jetta and their handling of business with me at Keffer VW I couldn't be more happy with my decision on getting a car here.  Duane Butler was very cordial towards me.  My vehicle was probably the least expensive car on the lot - but he still treated me no other way than I guess their high standard of customer service.  It makes me want to work there!  I probably bothered him because I kept bugging about when I can pick up the car!  I was anxious to have it, but he still smiled (felt it through the phone!) and kept us updated on my vehicle!  Last year when I thought something was wrong with my Jetta (transmission), after $1200 and wrong diagnosis and well over 5 trips back and forth there- my boyfriend said, this wouldn't happen at Lexus... and I can see how he's right.  THANK YOU DUANE for everything!  You made my holiday!  XO
