3	very nice and helpful staff. carries pretty much top of the line brands (Patagonia, scarpa et al) so it trends toward pretty pricey. It seems they have pretty big sales now and then so worth checking out their well-curated and presented product selection.Rating Scale:1 Star: Avoid the town in which this place is located just to be safe.  2 Star: With so many great places to choose from, why risk this one?3 Star: I'll try it again or consume here in a pinch.4 Star: I go here regularly if financially and/or calorically feasible.5 Star: I look forward to taking my wife or friends here.
4	This is my go-to neighbourhood store for outdoorsy stuff, whether it be clothing or shoes or camping gear. I like that it is a local alternative to MEC. The staff are really great. They will say hello and then leave you alone until you ask for help. And once you've asked, they will take the time to give you lots of pertinent advice. On one occasion I talked with someone for easily 20 minutes about camp stoves. Something else I really like about Yeti is that they have a lot of Quebec based brands for sale. Its fun to browse something a little different from time to time, and even better if its local. Finally, I love Yeti for their sales. Many of my pairs of boots, shoes and sandals have come from end of season sales , anywhere from 30-50% off. I've bought clothing on sale as well, but I generally don't have as good luck with finding sizes on sale as I do with shoes.
5	Upscale sporting goods/wear for the serious athlete. Name brands,with commensurate price tags,the downstairs is relegated to various sports equipment large and small. Good bet to watch for their sales,which can be a real find,especially on footwear.
4	I had a series of flats on the back tire of my bike. The mechanics listened and double checked everything I told them about. They changed the tube in 15 minutes and found the problem (a small piece of wire poking through the tread) which another bike shop missed. Plus it only cost me $10 for tube and labour.
4	since there isn't any shops that sell decent outdoorsy related items where i am, its good to have one that does not too far away.ok selection on bikes and its related items but they carry a ton of great outdoor gears/clothing on the other hand. and its mostly local brands which is a big plus as you'd be buying local.great helpful friendly staff always happy to help you out.their seasonal sales are pretty awesome too and makes it worth the trip as regular price can be pricey. beware though that you'd be spending quite some time on the main floor looking through racks of clothing/items.
