5	On a recent trip to Vegas, my husband and I stumbled upon this little gem. Great little place next to a Starbucks. The spa is clean and cozy and the women working there were so professional and nice plus the massages were great! Very inexpensive and for only $8 more they add time on your shoulders, arms and back. We left feeling relaxed and refreshed. Highly recommend!
5	My Mom and I just left this place, we have never been to a place like this and walked in and were not sure what to expect. Here is what to expect...... You will feel FABULOUS!!! We paid $32.00 for an hour of heaven!  I had the strongest gentleman and my mom an awesome lady, they rubbed our legs, feet, arms, shoulders, necks, everywhere and it was worth every minute! This is a wonderful place, clean, comfy  and we are already planning our next visit!
3	My friend had told me about this Chinese spa to go to for a decent massage for a good price.  I have seen a lot of these "foot spas" around vegas and always thought they were for fancy pedicures... HA! Little did I know.  Basically, you walk in and it's very dark and there's relaxing chinese music playing.  We basically signed up for the 1 hour massage for $32.  What a steal! They soak your feet in fragrant water while they massage your head, shoulders, arms.  Once that's done they do your feet, legs, and back.  I had a good masseuse and she did a great job! It's clean and comfy and you don't feel any weirdness during the massage.  I was so comfy, I think I fell asleep for a bit.  Only thing was me and my friend were getting our massages next to each other and the ladies were chatting a bit, which was a little distracting.  But otherwise, you come for a nice massage for a decent price.  It's not the "Spa" experience that the nicer places offer but it's sufficient and does the job.  They do use a scented lotion for the massage and you keep your clothes on, so the massage is over a towel.  They did a great foot massage of all the body parts! I would recommend this place but I haven't gone to any other ones though.  It wasn't too shabby! Prices vary depending on how long you want the massage.
5	Great spa! Very comfortable with a very nice staff! I loved it! Will be back soon with more company!
