4	Went to get the fingerprint part of my real estate license done and I was in and out in 20 mins. No ink stained hands, it's all digital! Staff was friendly and seemed like they knew what they were doing. If I needed my prints done again (hope I don't) than I guess I hit this spot.
5	I'm not in trouble, I swear! Came in to get some fingerprints done for an FBI background check to teach abroad. The people here are very welcoming and professional, not to mention speedy. Since the process is digital, they printed out the FD-258 card on the spot for $20. Getting fingerprinted at B&D was easier, faster, and cheaper than figuring out how to get it done by LVPD. Thanks again, I'll be sending that postcard soon!
5	Needed to get a background check done and came on down. Fast, friendly, and extremely helpful! If you need help with anything they are here for you!!! Love these guys!
5	Open on Saturdays! ! Quick and the staff was very nice!!! They have the modern equipment so no inky fingers after! Needed fingerprints quick so I could start my new job!!! Fast, efficient. And friendly staff!!!
5	They do fingerprinting and passport photos here; I appreciate not having to make the extra stop. Very friendly and efficient service! All of our employees have to register with the PILB, so I send our new hires to B&D - at least one part of the process I know will be simple!
5	It is a requirement in the state of Nevada to get a background check and fingerprinting done prior to applying for a real estate license. It is the slowest point of the entire licensing process.  It can take up to 45 days or longer to have the background check completed.  The good news is that it is possible to obtain the fingerprinting and background check prior to getting licensed!  Which is exactly what I did on Saturday.  Found B & D Fingerprinting Services via Yelp and fortunately they have very accommodating business hours (Mon-Fri 8 am - 6 pm; Sat 11 am - 3 pm).  I called just to confirm that they indeed were open on a Saturday afternoon, and headed there.  It took me less than 20 minutes to go in, fill out a simple form, hand over my drivers license (form of ID) and get fingerprinted on their awesome laser technology (no ugly black inked fingers!).  They gave me a form to turn in with my real estate license application and I was outta there.  Fee was around $65.  Highly recommended.
5	So helpful and courteous! Quick turn around time. I send all our people here for fingerprinting!
5	I'm applying for a Medical Marijuana Establishment license and boy oh boy has it been a pain in the azzzzzz process. The state couldn't make up their mind and didn't give as clear of answers as you'd of hoped. B&D was always available to answer questions to the best of their ability and even stayed past closing to take care of me!
5	I was referred by a coworker. I was greeted with a smile.  The service was amazing! No wait. Their process is very efficient.  They know their business. They are personable and friendly-something that is a rarity in this town! They will be my only go to  for my fingerprinting needs. Awesome people. You will not be disappointed.
5	Extremely helpful, and courteous, a level of costumer service that is seldom seen these days. A great experience!
