3	This place looks like it was dreamed up by Leon Phelps, The Ladies Man.  It is retro funky to the max, and that's what's so charming about it.  Fortunately the clothes are not as loud as the decor (most of the time), but you can still find that rare piece to complete your look if you try hard enough.  In addition to looking like a throwback to the Haight-Ashbury days, it has some really nice stuff.  You can find vintage furniture, wall hangings, collectibles.  I even once found a macrame purse shaped like a big fish.  So go check it out and have your own adventure.
3	I liked the store, but it got a little strange at times.  There was a mannequin laying on a couch with a phone to his ear and a stroller full of bald 70's baby dolls.  They did have some pretty cool jackets, especially the work outfits from back in the day.  The jewelry selection was a little tacky and limited, but I felt a warm vibe in the place overall.  It felt like I was having tea in a strange, eclectic person's home.  More women clothing than men.
3	I really like the couches, chairs and other furniture at Century Vintage. They've got a large enough selection of vintage clothes, but I never seem to find anything I like there. And some of the dresses seemed a little pricey. It's a good store to browse through if you're shopping in Plaza Midwood.
3	A blast from the past! It's a large store with dim lighting throughout. It was an interesting experience to walk through and find things that reminded me of my childhood or something you would find in your attic. There are a lot of old suitcases, furniture, and old appliances among lighting fixtures and clothing. If you enjoy vintage sales, you will want to check this place out. You will either quickly stroll through or spend a long time looking since it's a tad like organized chaos. Definitely friendly people working there!
3	Cavernous, dimly lit, full of stuff. Old school vintage resale. My favorite place to drool-browse atomic-to-vintage era sofas, side tables, etc. Some seriously choice pieces, reasonably priced.Yeah, prices can climb - but haggle, if you really want it, sometimes, she'll go for it.I love the kitchen set up in the back. Makes me want to replicate it, fixtures, appliances, and color, when I finally own a place.Clothing is very varied - sometimes there's a ton of tempting wares, sometimes it's a bit picked over. But there are gems hidden everywhere in here. Lovely way to spend an hour.
3	This place sure did contain a lot of cool vintage stuff!  I had stopped here around 6 p.m. and found it very dimly lit while browsing.  I did feel like I was in the past, but I felt that things were just everywhere.  It could be better organized.  I wished that there were certain sections to find things.  I thought the clothes were very cool to look at, but I just could not get over having to pick it up from the rack and walk to better lighting.  The woman there, Allison, was very nice and helpful.  She greeted me as soon as I walked in and offered to answer any questions that I may have.  I really enjoyed shopping with her.The downside is that they are cash only.  I guess it's good and bad in a way.  If ever you find yourself wanting to buy anything from here and you don't have cash, there's a CVS across the street that you can stop by.  I look forward to browsing here some more, but during the daytime so I can have better lighting.
2	What a lot of clutter!  Poor lighting!  I don't know how they manage to stay in business.  It had an old and moldy smell to it! I took a quick look around and left. What a trip to the gutter!ddc
4	Yes, I'm a fan!  Cool Furniture!  You can usually something in Teak wood!  I've seen some cool deals and great steals here!  The Owner is good about talking to you!The thing I Love most about Vintage stores is the Treasure hunt - there is no telling what you may find in a place like this!It is always poorly lit and it is usually kind of cluttered though not as badly as my Apartment - The Mannequins add to the experience for me and my friends!
5	I love this place. Yes, it is chaos. Yes, it is not well organized. Yes, it is beyond confusing. But it is fantastic. Give it a whirl. Keep an open mind. The owner will work with. They are friendly. I have found some great finds for the kitchen. Try not to get overwhelmed. Try to haggle. Stay calm. It is worth it.
