2	This is the only Steak 'N Shake I've ever been to, so I don't really know how to compare it to others.  I have never observed any heinous uncleanlinesses, despite the fact that the decor is primarily white and is lit by the most migraine-inducing possible flourescent lights.So, it gets 2 stars instead of 1 for being well kempt and having a waitstaff that is WAY more patient with late night hysterical student milkshake procurement than I could ever have imagined possible, but loses that third star because said milkshakes, once procured, taste like they have had 10 pumps of sugar syrup injected in and the frenchfries I ordered to go with said milkshakes tasted like they had been fried in grease that was maybe 36 hours past due to be replaced from the ol' fryer.
5	Unlike the other reviewer I have never tried their milkshake, so I can't comment on that. The burgers however, are really good, specially the mushroom special ones. To be more precise, I've tried both their "Grilled Mushroom 'n' Onion Double Steakburger" and their "Portobello 'n' Swiss Steakburger". In fact, this is my favourite burger place in town, which is conveniently located on the way to the Savoy 16 cinema. And it's kind of cool to get waiter service in a burger place.BTW the prices are reasonable. Not as "Green street cheap", but not too pricey either.
5	Awesome malts, shoestring french fries and burgers. Have to make a pilgrimage whenever I'm in town.
4	I love steak and shake. I loved it in SC (until the only one within a 70 mile radius closed) and I love it here. Where do you go when you're up late working on engineering homework and the cafes are closed but you need sustenance? Steak and shake! Where do you go after the bars when you're hungry but not quite drunk enough for merry ann's? Steak and shake! The food is a little more expensive, but it's tasty and the place is clean. The waiters are very friendly and accommodating. Also, if you go at the right time, you can see what not having a waffle house can do to a town (steak and shake kind of catches crazy people)! PS they will put hot fudge on your milkshake.. what else can a girl want?
4	This was my first stop on my "back home in Champaign so have to hit all my favorite food places" tour.  I love Steak n Shake, so much that I have to get it at least once every time I'm in town.  Sadly, they don't have one within 1000 miles of Phoenix yet.The food is great, especially the double steakburger (instead of ham, they call it steak you see) platter special that also includes a generous helping of shoestring fries and cup of delicious chili (some of the best around!) To make it better, both me and my grandma ate for under $10... which is cheaper than a lot of bad fast food places.I'm not a big milkshake person, but everyone I know loves them here as well.  Took off one star because the tomato was kind of bad and my waitress was grumpy... but the food is always great!
2	Boyfriend & I got 2 meals for $11.That's about all I can say about this place. The food is basically fast food diner style. I probably would only go here if I wanted to be waited on. Or if I was 16 and wanted to go on a date (there were several cute little couples here, on Valentines day!).
4	Really felt bad for my server.  He seemed to be the only competent person in the whole place.  Manager let this server walk around with his iPod shuffle and headphones plugged in.  He kept pausing his music so he could take orders, and he never took the earphones out.  The locals who appear to be most of the patrons here are first class middle Illinois people.  Pretty much the epitome of all things you'd expect from hillbillies.  Food was quick, cheap, but the staff (aside from my server) was well beyond incompetent.  I felt REALLY bad for the other tables who had to wait seven minutes before the server came to their tables.  Anyway!  Steak and shake food is still awesome, and awesomely cheap. Kudos to the "chef!"
1	Ok, I'm only gonna comment about the service not the food cause I mean, can't expect too much from a chain restaurant.So, I went there with my roommate late at night to enjoy a late dinner. We waited at the front to get seated . . .  10 mins later, no "hello", no "I'll be with you in a moment", no getting seated. litlerally standing there getting ignored.we choose to sit our selves, looked throught the menu, waited another 5 ~ 10 mins, NO ONE to even say "hi" or serve us water.We then, choose to just order to go, so we waited at the front of the register. . .  5 ~10 mins, we make eye contact, but NO ONE to taking our order.I mean, it was 11pm at night and they weren't busy.So roommate and I got so upself, we choose to leave. As we were leaving, we passed by a man who went in the store. We see from the window, HE'S GETTING SEATED ASAP!!What is with this service! Never Every going there again!!
2	I'm a huge fan of Steak n Shake's happy hour which is from 2-4 am and pm on weekdays.  They have half price shakes and drinks, which is a really good deal.  Unfortunately, this particular steak n shake can't make a good milkshake.  They always taste odd here (too much syrup or poorly blended?).  I've been here at least 3 times, and they're always bad.  So, now to satisfy my cravings I tend to drive up to the prospect one.  The food, on the other hand, is usually about your average steak n shake fare, so long as you stay away from the shakes, you might enjoy your experience (but who really would want to go to steak n shake and not get a shake?).
2	I've been here on several occasions. Like most Steak 'n Shakes, the food is below average to average. The service is on par with the food. What strikes me as odd is the way there is always a huge kitchen staff but the wait staff can be so slow at time. It makes me wonder how much more efficient could be. Usually, it's really difficult to flag down a server to get another drink or to even take your order. Even after your order is placed, it can take up to 20-25 minutes for the food and drinks to come out. On top of that, it feels cramped in the place. I'm not a huge fan and will only go when others want to go, but even the food isn't great. I'd prefer a burger from Zelma's or Wendy's or Chili's over Steak 'n Shake.
3	Normally I don't frequent Steak N Shake, but I do like their chili on occasion. The last three times I have gotten it a little later at night (anywhere from 8pm-midnight), it is nothing more than flavored water. The later it gets, the more watered down it seems to be. Last week I got a bowl of broth with maybe 20 beans and 6 chunks of beef. Tonight I ended up with a Western BBQ Double when I ordered a double with pickle and mustard.Quality control is obviously an issue that needs to be dealt with at this location. To be fair, the manager I just spoke to was super nice, took my name and informed me if I come back she will put me down for a free burger (the one I wanted), a bowl of chili and a milkshake. This was really going above and beyond on her end and it was appreciated that she listened to me without interruption while I told her my two experiences and apologized. If she has the power and ability, I believe she will make some changes for the better. It's worth another try anyway; so maybe an update to my post is in my future if they actually give me good service.
4	My children love SNS so we have made several trips here.  Our service has always been pretty good.  We've only had a negative experience once, and our server brought it to the manager's attention without our asking which was nice.  The manager was very nice and apologetic over the length of time it took to receive a 3 stack of pancakes (60 mins). and comp'd our entire meal.  I don't know if anyone goes to SNS with high expectations, but it's always been average or slightly above for us.
4	I love the food and shakes. The half price happy hour cannot be matched and the new breakfast options are decent as well. Can't beat the prices and quality and being open 24/7 is convenient.Cheddar burger and the southwest burger are delicious and every kind of shake is great.However this location suffers from bad service and incompetent employees. there is also a lock attached to one of the lights. Still good enough for 4 stars.
1	Back in the 60's and early 70's this was "the" place to cruise when I lived in Champaign after reading the reviews It looks like the place has gone to crap.I used to love the chili 3 way and a steak burger,I stopped in at the Steak N shake in Memphis,Tn on the way to visit wife's relations it also sucked, flavor was mediocre and the portions undersized for the price and the car hops are gone.I was wanting to stop in when my 50th class reunion comes up next year in my '54 Ford just like old times,guess I'll stay in Phoenix and go to Culvers or Freddies.
1	I will avoid this place at all costs, but sometime it's the only thing open late at night.
2	The food is on-par with other Steak & Shakes in Central IL.  This review is not about the food.  Its about the service.  I would chose any other Steak & Shake in the area than this one.  They are always crowded, under-staffed and slow.  The seating is strange, too many 2 top tables that they don't use for 2 people...The wait staff seems to be overworked or under-managed most of the time.  Always waiting to be seated, waiting...for food or shakes, waiting to get the bill, waiting at the front to pay.  Its a pain in the neck and I LOVE the food so I deal with it, but I hate this particular restaurant.
5	wow, the mint oreo milkshake, the apple/cranberry salad, and the chili mac blew my mind. My boyfriend and I shared all three and it was the perfect amount of food. I wish there was a steak n' shake in California!!Our server was extremely helpful and prompt. We were in and out within 45 minutes, and it did not take long for the food to come.
3	I went to this location for the first time in a long time because a friend and I were hungry and it was real late.  Kudos to any food establishment thats open 24/7 and they get a star for that in an of itself.  our server was friendly enough although it was kind of a long wait to be seated.  The place was packed with what I think was high school kids and they had like 2 people working the entire floor so I blame management on that.  aside from the fries and shake, the burger I got tasted like it had been in the microwave since vietnam, after having the beef shipped from Somalia.  It was a horrible sandwich and I felt sorry for the poor cow that had to give its life to be turned into whatever the hell they tried to serve me.  Its sad because I remembered liking steak n shakes food.  Maybe this was an off night for the cooks?
3	The drive through is a little slow but that's not uncommon for around here.  I sometimes go through the drive through in the morning to grab some shooters for everyone at work.  We really like the bacon, egg and cheese shooters. They are little and make you think that you are eating less of an unhealthy breakfast sandwich.  So you feel pretty good about yourself to start the day.I noticed they had a taco salad for $3.99 on the menu and I just had to try it.  I really liked it.  It was the right size and price!!However, the chili here has a lot to be desired.  I have had chili at Steak n Shake before and it was OK but here it was gross.  It was really thick and chalky.  Like it was heated up many, many times.  So don't order the chili from this Steak n Shake.
2	You can't beat the prices here, but the place is always crowded. And the service was just AWFUL
2	Probably the worst Steak 'n Shake I've been to.. The one by my house is amazing, however the food at the one in champaign is horrible. The lettuce in my taco salad wasn't cut up, the guacamole in our burger was super spicy, and the chili spaghetti was god awful.. We ate two bites and were done with it. Yeah, never going there again..
5	Had a great memory with my best friends and husband here. Always have coupons sent to our home and always great milkshake.
1	Waited 20 minutes, apparently on fries. All tables that came in after got their food first, with fries. But at least we got our bill, yet again, before our food. At least 6 staff, manager included, just standing around. Left without food.
2	They screwed up my order at 4:50am on multiple accounts. Cheeseless cheeseburgers, fudgeless fudge shakes and cold fries. Not cool.
3	This place us worth coming to just for the shakes. My favorite is the mocha shake. The servers at night are over-worked and the wait time for shakes can be long if you are in a big group. That being said the shake us worth the wait.
2	Growing up in the home town of Steak N Shake, I've got high standards. This location doesn't come close. The staff had always been fairly helpful (I always do takeout) but the food is so poor! Frisco Melt is always more bread, less meat, cheese and sauce. Huge let down. Fries are always kind of soggy. Shakes a little un-mixed.
