5	The jeweler at Fast Fix did amazing work in repairing my wedding ring of 40+ years. The gold had worn to the point of breaking.  The jeweler replaced the worn piece and now it looks as if it's brand new and fits as comfortably as ever.  Guess I'll have to stay married!
3	The watch battery prices are a tad high yet they guarantee them for 5 years AND track it in their computer system.  I've had countless watch batteries replaced under the warranty without so much as a hitch - so convenient and they're QUICK!  In the long run it has saved me time and money, plus it's convenient because they do it while I'm shopping anyway.  They clean my rings while I wait, too.  Their estate jewelry is fun and often 50% off.  I get that I can use a razor blade to pop the back of my watches to replace my own battery but I don't want to risk scratching them.  The staff are usually friendly too.  Downside:  sometimes there's a bit of a line.
5	I brought in a (very, very, very) tangled necklace and they didn't charge me.  Plan to go here for my next jewelry or watch repair.
5	I have been going to this location for about nine years now and I have never had an issue. I have many things repaired, fixed over the years and each time its at a decent price and done quickly.
1	Quoted $75 for a watch battery change.  I must have been looking particularly blond that day.  Got it done for under $15 at a local watch repair.
4	A little pricey for a timepiece re-size, but convenient location. Understandably so, given liability and varied timepieces that may come in.
1	This place is horrible! I brought in a older ring with the missing diamond, was quoted $150 to size, put diamond in (that I had) and fix prongs. Ring was not done when picked up and was criticized for not having ticket. Picked it up, they forgot to size it. No apology, but I did get 10% off.  I went back 2 mo later to clean. They told me I needed to fix prongs. I reminded of them just doing it. He says, no we only did the 4 prongs on the diamond we replaced?????  I confronted the guy that quoted me. He had no idea. I could tell he felt put on the spot by his mgr. Their notes stated nothing of what prongs they fixed. He laughs at me like I am a idiot and says, $150 for a diamond and 20 prongs??? I'm like no dipshit, I gave you the diamond. Never will I go here again.  Horrible. Manager is immature and needs to work on aligning with the customer rather than placing blame. Do not go here!!!
4	Fast turn around, easy to deal with and I've walked right up each time I've come here - no complaints.  $10 for $5 coupon was a bonus!
3	Solid work and craftsmanship. The repair took some time due to the availability of the lens but the work was done to perfection.
2	They perform decent work on replacing watch batteries, but they are very overpriced. Even with a discount coupon I paid $35 to replace a battery that costs $10 to $15 everywhere else.
1	Stopped by on a Monday afternoon to have a band bar replaced on one of my watches. The young lady working did not even acknowledge the line of customers forming as she helped a couple, and exclaimed "Next!" As she finished with customers. When she finally got to my watch, she priced the replacement at $19.95. A bit more than I wanted to spend but worth the convenience of being in the mall. When I asked about a battery, it was another $19.95!! Rip off alert, will not go here again.
1	Stay clear of this place. Don't let them touch your watches. I took two watches to have the batteries replaced. They told me that it would be about $50/watch and that would cover a 5 year warranty. Anyway when I came back the next day to pick up the watches, the person at the counter told me that my dress watch (Armani) needed a whole new movement and that it would cost $89. The watch was working fine before and just needed a new battery. After I came home I noticed that the lid on my second watch was not even tightened.Should have bought a watch repair kit on Amazon and replaced the batteries myself.
1	FINALLY got piece back, but took almost a month of false promises, "almost ready, next week, k come get it, wait...not yet etc" Then at the end, after all that, I don't know if he did this on purpose or was just not 'there' , but did not add in the 10% 'discount' I was offered for waiting 21+ days for what I thought was a simple watch repair.   10% off that they give everyone for 21+ days of waiting and that was my bonus prize.  I could go in details about why the delays happened, or at least what I was told, but instead I will just be shopping elsewhere for my future "Fast-Fix" watch repairs. Thanks for the repair as it looks GREAT, that's where the 1 star comes in. Everything else, lol. Good luck in your future endeavors.
5	Stopped by Fast-Fix to have two watches battery's replaced. They were fast and reasonably priced. They also provide a 1 year warranty if the battery dies. Check them out if you need something repaired!
5	I love this place. I took my damaged ring in that needed to be reshaped. I went in to get a price on it, and they fixed it for free, and cleaned it. They were very sweet and humble about it. I will take all my jewelry needs to them in the future.
1	Had a little plaque that goes on a trophy. They wanted a dollar a letter. $57. 00 for a 2" by 1/2" plaque. Very unreasonable. I had the plaque to boot
