4	Al Philips is a well known chain here in town and this store is no exception to the rest.  You walk inside and it's very organized and well maintained.  This Al Philips is in the back end of the Smith's shopping center so it's hard to find, but a gem of a store.
4	I always receive great service here.  No complaints at all.
3	The great thing about Al Phillips is that the store itself is always very clean and well-maintained, the staff are always friendly, and the service is timely. Now, the last time I took my suit there, I did get it back with a bit of lint. I also had them make a few alterations, one of which was to remove the belt loops of my pants (For button suspenders), which they forgot to do. Now, these things do happen, I'm sure it was just human error, and overall, it hasn't detracted from the usually very good service that I have received here.They're not the cheapest cleaners in town, but you do get your money's worth with them in terms of cleanliness, punctuality, and service.
1	I will never do business with this people and its sad because their just down the street from me. I own a grooming salon and have been taking our towels and pet beds/blankets to the cleaners in our shopping center but they closed their doors last year. I called this place up and asked him if they could just do a wash and dry (nothing fancy) for these type of items. The Manager said not a problem and told me it was $1.75/pound. I brought them 4 large trash bags full of stuff. The manager proceeded to tell me that the blankets would be $27 each to wash!  Wait...what!? She had told me $1.75/pound. They should really be up front and honest with people when they call. The towels and bed and blankets can be washed together. Theres no need to pretty them up. Oh, and they send everything out. They dont have their own machine. Also very inconvenient.
1	Never use this place! They lost my suit and then just shrugged their shoulders and told me there was nothing they could do. I asked to speak to the manager, the girl working there got her on the phone and the manager just told her it was lost and that she didn't want to speak to me.
