1	When this store opened, I thought it was in  a great location, since I live very close to it, I when to it and discovered that the prices are very reasonable and they carry well known brands, it's clean and organized, so I thought, what a great store ! The problem started when you come to the register; the cashiers are not really helpful at all, they have an attitude towards the customer, they are slow and barely know anything about the store. I've gone to the store for a while, I've seen different cashiers and they seem to not find the right people, every time I go there it's been always a let down, the last straw was yesterday, I came to the register and there was no cashier there, she was talking to somebody in an aisle, she came to register, and as she was ringing me up, I notify her that the item I was purchasing had a different price on the shelf, she "rolled" her eyes and told me to wait, she was gonna check, I said to her, don't worry, just take the item off my purchase, which she rolled her eyes again and told me, that she couldn't because she needed a key to do that... she left and came back saying very loud "you are right honey" I didn't know if she was making fun of me or she was just being sarcastic, but she was being very annoying from the start.That was the last time I decided to go to that store anymore, I rather walk 2 more blocks to Albertson's & Target or 2 more blocks in opposite direction to the Mexican market, both have better customer service and they seem to be more helpful and more knowledgeable. I'd rated this store with "0" but "1" is the lowest you can rate.Avoid this store, unless, you use the food stamps from the government, because it seems that this is the target of this store !
4	they had everything i needed for my stay in Vegas and then some. i stayed at a timeshare down the street and this place is a 5 minute walk from there. i was going there almost everyday to pick up little things i need. they have everything for good prices. alot cheaper then other retail stores. this place is not bad.
3	Frequent shopper of the Summerlin locations when I lived in that area. Recently moved back to Henderson and needed to find my Dollar General fix. This was the closest location to me so I stopped in for a shop.First off, the area was like..........I walked inside and was not impressed at first glance. I have to deprogram my Summerlin mind. But, I have to admit that once I started cruising the aisles, it felt like I was in my old store. All the same items at the same great prices that I'm used to, so I was a happy camper. This place is the best for getting great name brand and off brand products for a great price. Needless to say that I will be back to this location again and again and again. Absolutely love this store and the employees are very friendly. I would ditch it, however, if a closer location becomes available in Henderson.
1	Stale, stale, stale. Bought some snacks for my drive back to California,  and everything was stale and hard, close to the expiration date. Things were cheap but at the cost of being stale and expired.
