5	In the past 10 years I've needed body repairs for 3 different vehicles, and after trying Andy's Collission Center, I will only use them! Insurance providers had referred me to other body shops before that, but the work done was never perfectly - until Andy's! All 3 of the cars they worked on for me (Honda, BMW, BMW) were returned to me in beautiful condition. I highly recommend Andy's.
5	I really liked this place.  They are honest and kept me updated as my repair was in progress.  I brought my husband's mercedes there to fix the broken bumper.  I had taken it to three other body shops (including the dealer) and they all said that they could not repair the bumper, it had to be replaced.  Well, Andy's said they could repair it, quoted me a price much less than the cost of replacement, and got me right in.  They were very knowledgeable with the mercedes, but I saw all different makes and models there.The manager was very friendly and helpful.  I will definitely go back in the future.
5	We had a terrific experience here.  Tim the manager was very approachable and explained the process very clearly.  They listened to my specific needs (when I needed my car back, etc) and accommodated me.   More importantly, the job they did was fantastic-a repair to back bumper, and the work was immaculate.I would highly recommend them!
4	I had an awesome experience at Andy's Collision Center!  They were so incredibly helpful after I hit my bumper and went to them for help.  Everyone that helped me was respectful, honest and welcoming.  I will definetly return to Andy's if need be and will share my positive experience with friends and family.
5	I went to Andy's after I backed into a pole and popped the passenger side mirror out. Everything was hanging out so I taped it together. I took it to Maaco first and they looked at it and told me it had to be replaced for almost 200 bucks. I went to Andy's and Tim the manager was very thorough. He took the tape off and looked into everything. He was great and explained what had actually happened. Turns out, a lot of the pieces just popped back into place and they fixed it! Even fixed some paint I didn't ask them too for a very reasonable price. These guys are awesome, very highly recommended.
5	Got my car repaired in Jan.2014 about 8400.00 damaged. I was going to get it repaired and trade it in , but I still have it.  The job was perfect. They even buffed up some small scratches without me asking.  The car looked so clean and perfect in and out.  I recommend Andys Body Shop.  He is such a pleasant person and very calm.  My Insurance agent told me to take it to Andys and I would not have to worry.  Thanks again Andy.
5	Great experience  went beyond our expectations great customer service also. I would highly recommend them.
