3	By far the worst AJ's I have been in.  They are typically grossly overpriced for wine and other pantry items, and for what you get, I would say slightly overpriced on produce and meats... but this one in particular is in such a slow location, their produce, meat and fish all suffer from long shelf lives.  I have purchased spoiled items on several occasions and now refuse to go back to this location.
4	I have been shopping here for over a year now and have never had a bad experience. This is the place to come for specialty items or take home hot meals, cold salads and some amazing desserts, beers and wines. The staff are ALWAYS so friendly, cheerful and helpful. My husband and I have also had their Thanksgiving Meal to take home from here and loved it! It is also our go to place when we don't feel like cooking or going out to eat ..... they consistently have a wonderful choice of prepared food to choose from. My husband also loves their cookies that you can buy individually ..... especially the white chocolate macadamia. We have also stopped here on bike rides for a coffee and pastry in the early morning. As previously mentioned the prices are higher than your regular grocery store and it is not practical to do your weekly shop here but you certainly get what you pay for here....the items are high quality and worth it when you want that special treat. The staff are also very knowledgeable when it comes to pairing the many specialty wines and beers with food. I am still discovering new treats each time I shop here. Highly recommend.
4	I had no idea what AJ's Food was, but had a chance to browse through it the other day.  Very impressive.  This is not a place that you would use to do your daily shopping.  But it is fantastic for those items that are hard to find.The deli is unlike any deli I have ever seen in a grocery store.  The food that they have is not your typical deli food.  There were various dips, spreads, salads, and meats.  I sampled the rice pudding and a cajun shrimp cracker spread.  Both were delicious.  And their baked items and desserts were out of this world.I was equally impressed with the large beer selection they had - everything from Chinese to Indian to Mexican  beer - brews from all over the world. And their domestic beer selection is second to none.  If you are looking for a particular brand, they can order it for you.  The wine selection was equally large, and offered all the selections one could want.Their produce selection, and general grocery section offered a variety of items not normally stocked in a grocery store.  I was on a tight time schedule, so I wasn't able to browse as much as I wanted.  The prices are higher than a normal grocery, but for those items that you have a hard time finding stocked in your local store, this is the place.From now on, I will visit AJ's on a weekly basis, but just for those one-of-a-kind items (plus the bakery goods).
4	Being within walking distance from my house, I find myself frequenting AJ's DC Ranch quite a bit.  The store looks huge from the outside - but once inside it's small.  The one thing you have to remember is it IS an AJ's, meaning,  you're not going to want to do your big weekly shopping there.  You're not going to find $10 for $10 specials on canned soup or tuna or frozen foods.  And you won't find the biggest selection of "grocery" items.  But what you are going to find is a wonderful selection of fresh produce, meat, and bistro and bakery items to choose from, at a very high quality.  And of course - a decent selection of wine and even craft beer.I'm not going to lie.  I was afraid to go into AJ's when it first opened because of their prices.  But now I feel like I'm a pro.  You just need to know what to go there for.  Produce - surprisingly  you can find fruits and veggies for a "decent" price here.  For fruits and veggies that are in season - the size and quality cannot be beat.  Large Fuji, Red Delicious, Granny Smith apples that are the perfect shape and color.  Fresh tomatoes...strawberries...you get the picture.  Quality vs quantity.Deli/Bistro - I agree with a past reviewer - you do need to be careful what you buy that's been packaged and is sitting in the cooler section.  I always try to order something hot and fresh over the counter, and stay away from the stored foods.  But what they do have to offer is wonderful.  It may be a little pricey but you can find good sandwich and pizza deals.  And they do wonderful breakfast sandwiches and burritos.  Sushi - I am completely surprised by this one.  Reasonable and very well made. They make it fresh - and it's better than grocery store chain sushi at the same (or even lower) price.Bakery - well, this is probably one of the biggest reasons AJ's managed a four star rating over a three.  I have gotten cakes here, many a time (birthdays, anniversaries...etc etc) and for the price and quality - you can't go wrong.   Sure, you can find a cheap cake at Safeway or Fry's, but you'll end up crunching on sugar crystals in your frosting and dry cake.  AJ's offers gourmet cakes and pies (and they allow you a small amount of custom decoration - i.e. - Happy Bday insert name here") starting as low as $15 (which serves 8 - 12 - probably more of the 12 side).  Flavors such as German Chocolate, Strawberry Mousse, Boston Cream (my fave) Chocolate Mousse, Tiramisu - totally gourmet, never too sweet.  Just perfect.  I was really surprised at the size and quality of the cakes for the price I paid.Their liquor/wine section is wonderful as well - and sometimes you can find a great deal on champagne.  They do have a pretty decent craft beer section - but to be honest - they are EXPENSIVE. I can go elsewhere for my craft beer fix (ie Total Wines).All in all - a very pleasant experience.  Everyone is really nice and it's such a cute little shop.  It gives you the feeling of being at a farmers market indoors.  And the few months in AZ it's not scorching hot outside - they have cute cafe style tables set up outside to enjoy your morning coffee and pastry, or lunch for that matter.
5	Nothing like a morning muffin, the lowft cranberry orange muffin is great.  The ladies at the coffee/bakery are always super friendly.
4	I ordered my turkey dinner online, then they couldn't find it!  I looked at my brother and said all right get ready I think we are going to have to wahoo an entire turkey dinner.   As we were making plans for me to grab the bird him to grab our most favorite sides.  The wonderful manager said I have a dinner for you another store probably has yours just let me know if they charge your card and I can take care of it!  Whew, didn't want to go to jail on Thanksgiving!  So anyway, the meal takes about two hours to reheat but for the price and time savings it is a steal!  My only complaint would be the sweet potatoes are boring so next year I will need to doctor them a bit.  This year, I worked on the mash potatoes and they were much better (heat on the stove not the oven and add cream and butter!).  So I only had to make deviled eggs (from the south-- leave it) and two homemade apple pies.  Also did a breakfast casserole for the morning....I tip my hat to those of you who can do the whole meal and spend days cooking.  I don't have the patience when this meal is only $130 and feeds so many.  We had leftovers of everything but turkey. This catering director is also very sweet and tries to get to know her customers while I was there they were looking for an MSG free gravy.  I am definitely a fan. I also ordered the three foot sub, with cookies, and a fruit or macaroni salad for the following Saturday for my son's b-day.  It was an incredible deal at $55.  Easily serves 10 people.
2	I have been to this location a handful of times.  I am trying to avoid Pima as much as possible since they started construction.  I don't mind paying a little more for special items once in a while, but you expect better service with that.  I was waiting at the "Boulangerie" to get my ice tea, I was there for a good 5 minutes making eye contact with the woman packing some pastries.  No acknowledgment, no greeting, no "I'll be with you in a minute".  I was about to leave when someone else came to take care of me.  I guess I will keep avoiding this stretch of Pima
5	We live walking distance and frequent the store. We have purchased all sorts of groceries and steaks and have always been delighted by the superior quality of food. As far as their coffee can't go wrong, when it's $.75 for a refill.  Definitely love this place!
4	Living in the neighborhood directly behind AJ's is both a blessing and a curse.  It is very easy to run up to pick up some last minute items, but as we all know, AJ's is not the cheapest place around.  We definitely don't do our regular grocery shopping up here.However, we are up here almost every Saturday and Sunday morning enjoying breakfast.  With coffee refills at $0.75 and amazing muffins it is difficult to go anywhere else.  It is a shame that Miguel is no longer manning the grill and omelet station.  He was the absolute best and seemed to really enjoy seeing all of the regulars come back time after time.Alice, behind the bakery counter, is fantastic.  She always comes out to say hi to our two daughters and give them a big smile.  Pistachio muffin is fantastic.  Try it if you haven't already.
4	They have the freshest fish in all of Scottsdale! Love the produce section also!
1	If there was some type of cosmic explosion in outer space, and everything in the universe was suddenly sucked into this gigantic black hole, I seriously doubt the vacuum pressure created by such an event could rival the suck this AJ's produces.This place sucks so badly, I won't even ride my bike near it for fear I'll get swooshed up inside like I'm in one of those drive-thru bank tubes or something.All this leads me to believe that the 'cool' people always hanging in front of the store must have the same suck polarity as AJ's, otherwise they'd have been swept away by now.Food poisoning twice. Once from the salad bar, another from a turkey wrap deli feature. If there's a God of suck, this is his Heavenly domain.
5	I think this store is great.  Beautiful, fresh selections, well displayed.  Expensive but worth it!
4	Fabulous place.  The food is good and the selection of organic and specialty items is nice.  Love the butcher shop and Jerry the Cellarmaster is abslutely fantastic.  Seriously, if you want a bottle of wine - he is the best resource.  And if you go back frequently he tailors his suggestions to what you like.  My favorite thing about this store is that the staff tries so hard to treat you like a valuable customer.  They remember your name, ask after your kids and honestly act like they like you.  It feels like a small town grocery store and I love that.   Breakfast is fantastic and the coffee is great.  Everyone at the coffee counter is terrific.  This was a really great addition to the neighborhood.
4	Although this is a more pricy place to get groceries from, this is definitely one of the most magical places to shop at. I really enjoy taking the children I care for here, because AJ's offers free cookies for children! There is even a lovely patio out front for us to enjoy the treats at in the shade. There are several tables to accommodate those who want to enjoy a treat, coffee, or fresh cooked meal from the outdoor grill. Free wifi too.I come here for a lunch to go (wrap, general tso's chicken),  Papyrus cards, or their fresh brewed iced tea, which only something like 75 cents. Good selection of cold bottled beverages.
5	Every time I come to Scottsdale to visit the in-laws, I look forward to our daily morning trips to AJ's. This place is a wonderland of food porn. I love to treat myself to a pumpernickel or pumpkin bagel with cream cheese and play cards on the patio with my little sisters in-law. There are always so many yummy things to look at in the bakery case, but I must say I have never succumbed. It's only been two days since we've been together, but I miss you already AJ's.
1	While their products are fine (overly priced) They are receiving a poor rating due to theft.I went in mid-morning on Jan-1 for a couple coffees. Ordered a latte and chai tea and was waited on by an older gal whom didn't seem to be happy she was working that day let alone at all. Upon paying for my drinks $10 and some change (yes it seemed high, but chalked it up to AJ'$) SHE ASKED A COUPLES TIMES DO YOU NEED A RECEIPT?Now, while this may not seem like a big deal, we just said sure and walked to our car drinks in hand and receipt in pocket.Once we got home as I'm about the throw the receipt in the trash I noticed an additional charge for a bagel.Now while .99 cent is not a big deal I was curious as to why I would have been mistakenly charged for a bagel we clearly did not order.It bothered me so we called the AJ's to discuss and apparently this has happened before!!The employees count on the (so called rich people) that come in to never pay attention to the price that they are slipping in additional charges for items for themselves. Yes, check your receipt next time you go in. This was at the bakery/cafe in DC Ranch.  After they figured out what happened they refunded us the amount. Again a dollar is not a big deal, but it's a problem they have had before which is more concerning.
4	I really like this AJ's because it never seems too busy. You can get in and out really quick - no waiting for your lunch item or waiting in a check-out line. My husband and I especially like their Taco Tuesdays. You can buy tacos individually for $2.50 or get a lunch combo with includes three tacos and two sides (usually rice and beans) for $8.99. It's a great deal - especially since there's so much food we always split. My favorite is their green chili pork and white fish with mango and black beans. Yum. Each week they have different types of taco fillings, but it's usually shredded beef, chicken, green chili pork, and maybe some type of fish. Also, this AJ's has my favorite pasta salad. It's got tomatoes, edamame, parmesan cheese, and spiral noodles with a light olive oil. (Unfortunately, I haven't been able to find it at any other AJ's.) Overall, this is a great place to grab a quick lunch since you can sit in the enclosed patio or outdoor patio with wood chairs and plenty of shade. It's a great experience!
4	Everything looks so pretty and neatly organized that I almost feel bad touching anything. This store reminds me of those chotchke stores that are full to the brim with candles and art work and home decor and floral EVERYWHERE and everything is expensive and you can't tell if it's for sale or if you're even allowed to pick it up, where the woman who owns the place is covered in floral and beads and stuff so she blends in with the walls. Yeah, like that. The produce is fresh and beautiful and the meat section looks like they just cut it off the animal and the fish just flopped in from the ocean. The wine selection is wide and varied and expensive. There's oils and juices and breads and stuff I can't pronounce and wouldn't know what to do with in the first place.The only times I ever shop here are when I don't feel like baking and need to bring a pretty dessert to a party, or when I don't feel like making my own hummus. They have a really great selection of hummus and spreads and dips with all sorts of chips and pita to go with it.EXPENSIVE. I would never shop here on a regular basis. I just don't see my self that way. You know... that North Scottsdale, I drive a Jaguar and my kid goes to Notre Dame Prep while the cleaning lady neatens my mansion off Pima and Happy Valley. Not to judge or anything, those people sure are blessed.
5	So many things! They have my favorite...MACAROONS!!!
4	I recommend buying seafood here. Best tuna I've seen in a while.
5	I often frequent this store every morning to grab a cup of coffee and other fresh veggies for lunch on my way to work. Flora and her girls in the bakery do a wonderful job and help me start my day off on the right foot. I recommend everyone who gets the chance to stop in, say hi and grab some good stuff!
5	This is one upscale market, worth every penny.  I've been here quite a few times and have never walked away feeling unsatisfied.I frequent the sushi bar which, in my humble opinion, has been quality sushi than some of the restaurants I've eaten at in town.  If you go make sure you get it made fresh, the sushi guy is talented.If you're in the area it's definitely worth stopping by.
4	I get coffee or tea here a few times a week.  And the occasional pie.  Bakery staff here are tons nicer than the cranky ones at AJ's Pinnacle Peak.
4	Totally taking back my prior review, this location finally won me over with their meat department.On most days, you can find a large chafing dish atop the meat counter and in it, small chunks of beef, chicken, sausage, and other meat products, all prepared in various sauces.Here's the best part.Most customers frequenting this location act like they're too dignified to try the samples so the pan is usually full. Until I get there.The toothpicks provided to sample are about 4 inches long, allowing for a nice mini kabob. I go to work.The guys behind the counter don't care if you load up, in fact they encourage it, often often complaining about how most of it gets tossed each night.We don't want that, now do we?Do you know how many starving people there are in the world? Throwing food out is a sin. Right?So I snag about 4-5 kabobs, pick up a craft beer or two to legitimize the visit, and call it good for supper.The Italian sausage in marinara is the best, followed by the glazed beef tips.On Saturday mornings, try the peppered applewood smoked bacon, a strong recommend.Anyway, If I was homeless, I'd be hanging out in their dumpster.
3	This may be the smallest AJs in Scottsdale and they appear to have the most limited selection. Their food is more fresh and well maintained than the store on Thompson Peak and that is a definite plus!  The staff are also much more helpful but the Fryes in this area is a better store.
5	I am in ohio and needed a high end gift basket to be delivered next morning in scotsdale.  I was starting to panic.  I found aj's online and gave them a call. This was clearly not their first time doing a wine basket. The lady asked me all the right questions: how much I wanted to spend and what I was looking for, etc...  She made me feel more comfortable with trusting a stranger to pick something nice.  I got a call from the recipient the next day going on and on about how thoughtful and lovely it was.  Thanks aj's!!!
1	Do not ever come to this AJ's for dinner after 6:30 pm...... Yes 6:30 people... Pizza looked as if it had been sitting out for 3 hours under a heat lamp (dry and disgusting) Entree station had nothing!! The heat lamps were off and there was literally nothing there.Soups were on their last stand with little to nothing left, unless you wanted the Italian wedding soup which tastes like nothing more than a chef boyardee canned delight.After realizing there were no options for already prepared food, I decided to get cheese, crackers, and........ Oh to my amazement the olive station had already been closed down too! They had all been taken away and covered with metal baking sheets... All of the other AJ's in the valley are always keeping the food fresh and presentable. The employees at this location just worry about what time they can leave for the day.. I will never return to this location ever again for dinner.. Off to the pinnacle peak location!!
