2	Cheap breakfast that is mediocre.  The service is mediocre.  The bathroom is stinky, I had to hold my breathe.
4	Love this place. It's the perfect place go when your hungry and want some  "normal" food at a great price. The service is the best,and everyone is so friendly.
3	Just average
3	Visited Sunday 8:30 am, like this Coco's best because I can go as a single person and not standout in a sea of families.  I always sit in the separate sitting are with the counter (and booths that hold 2 peope).Typically my food is excellent. Wait staff service is iffy on how fast it is, and if your coffee is refilled.  Wait staff are long timers and good, but the place seems to be short staffed all the time.Every time you check out--in my experience--there is a line at the register--it's either not staffed or the person is in efficient.On Sunday it took 20 min to check out and pay.  And it was the Coco's lady at the counter--not the customers.  The pie orders are very manual and take a long time.  The lady here today did not know how to process a coupon for the customer in front of me--she had to call a manager to authorize it.  She was also answering callers from outside--who were ordering those slow manual pie orders.  The line was still stacked up to 8 behind me (like it was when I got in line).  It's a backup line becuase it's so slow and inefficient.  The checkout needs help.The restaurant was maybe 1/2 full when I cam in, but all 5 of the booths in the room with the counter, were not bussed, and two seats at the counter too.  It took a long time to get my order taken, and my food was not hot when it was delivered (it was sitting up there.  The lady serving the counter room was also serving the dining room customers --same as last time I visited when this same scenario playyed out.Not sure if people are calling in sick, they had a special big party, or they just are short staffed, or trying to save money on staff.  The assistnt manager that looks to be on duty, can help refill coffee and stuff, but moslty he's a little oafy in handlign his apparently new duties or fill-in duties at this restaurant--though people seem to know him--he is not very efficient at makign the restaurant run efficiently.  The wait staff seem to tolerate him, no appreciate where he does try to insert himself--I find him not a good manager.  THis is symptomatic of my 3 visits the past month.I orderd pumpkin nut pancakes--very good--exctite that serving of "pumpkin chiffon" that seems to be flavored butter, but tastes like thick gross frosting that is pumpkin flavored.  It did not melt on the pancakes and was intolerable.
1	Just ordered 5 pies for Thanksgiving. TERRIBLE!!! Crusts were so thick and raw. Pecan pie filling was so chewy it had to be thrown away! They have lost a lifelong customer! Mary Hedges
5	I belong to a fairly large network group that comes here for breakfast every Wednesday morning.  We have the back room for our use.  I've always been happy with everything I've ordered here.  I pretty much stick to the same breakfast every time and our designated server, Jacque, who always knows what the regulars want.  She is amazing, has the biggest heart and cares about all of her customers.  She has been serving the group for over 15 years and we all love her.
5	I ordered the Greek feta salad. I was very pleased with how fresh and tasteful it was! Everyone here was very pleasant and helpful when I came in too. All in all a very nice place to eat!
4	Nice breakfast, very nice and friendly people. Great prices. The place looks old.
4	I recently went here since I always past by it everyday. Well I was glad that I did. I was greeted with a huge smile as I walked in the door. I went in the morning and surprisingly it was not packed. I sat at the counter and was again greeted by this time my waitress. Breakfast was outstanding and service was great. I defiantly will be back.
1	We use to go to Coco's in Mesa 2 or 3 time a month, usually for a late evening meal on a long day that we weren't able to eat at the regular times.  One evening we found something cooked with the eggs and have never gone back.  The manager said it was just a part of a shrimp shell (even though it really resembled something that use to crawl around) , but my question to him was "if your staff can't clean the pots and pans well enough to have someone else's dinner as part of mine, is this any place to eat"?.  And that's the last time we did.  If you go to this place, examine what they bring you very thoroughly.
3	This place is near where my kid swims, so we wanted to try this. My 8 year old ordered the turkey sandwich which was perfect. So healthy and yummy for a child. I had the country friend steak which wasn't anything special but I was craving it. Problems I had were all service. It took FOREVER to even get the lady to show up to take drink orders. When she did, it took her FOREVER to come back to the table. I asked for their beer selection and she said they only have Miller or Bud or something like that. I opted for ice tea that was never refilled. Ugh. I'd try again (no, it wasn't packed) to see if it's better next time.
3	Like a Denny's. Big parking lot and short walk to the door   Wait to be seated. The place looked unkept but the only waiter was quick to take our order and the food arrived fast. Can't complain about the price. A chef salad and deep fried shrimp dinner for $15.
5	Love this place. The food is always good so you'll have a short wait because they're busy. But it'll be worth it! Try anything on the menu it's all good.thwy even have gluten free items and healthy choices!
1	Awful service.  Never saw server JC again after she took the order.  Nobody ever checked back to see I everything was okay and coffee was not refilled.  The check wasn't even brought to the table.  I guess all It must be poor management because all Coco's seem to have problems from CA to AZ.
1	This is the second (and last) time I've come here. The service is slow, the food sucks, and the manager appears to be sedated on what I can only guess must be some sort of opiod medication.  It also appears as though the store has not been vacuumed in quite some time.I'm actually writing this review live from inside the restaurant, and it took the staff longer to take my drink order than it did for me to write this review.
