4	I really like this Petsmart. It's close by to my house, but it's also new, neat, and clean. There is always someone at the "cricket counter" to get crickets, worms, or fish from, and they seem genuinely interested in animals. Unlike the Petsmart on Power Rd., they don't give biased opinions (I've heard bad stuff about bearded dragon care from employees at the other Petsmart), and they are always friendly and helpful.
2	I do not like this particular Petsmart at all and hope that they make some changes.First off the fact that they have 1 door next to the register they seem to use makes it hard to get in and out, especially with a pet.Secondly, the main aisle in the store does not allow but 1 person in it. If someone is looking at the Martha Stewart stuff, then someone has to wait until they move to get around them or have to go down a different aisle to get somewhere.The grooming department is good, but nothing special. Most employees don't seem happy to be there. I feel like it's mass confusion when dropping off my pet or picking up afterwards.I have never used VCA there so I can not voice a thought at that end.
2	This location has on several occasions had expired promotions/coupons/pricing on the shelves. The first time ok, it is a mistake, but the second and third, it is just annoying. Then when you get to the register with the coupon that you took from their display, they make you feel like you did something wrong by having it. The attitude is not necessary especially when it was their mistake. I like petsmart and don't seem to find this problem at the other locations. Maybe this one is just to poorly staffed to keep up. They never seem to have more than one register open even when there is a line of 5+ people to check out.
4	Nice employees, usually a good selection of items for your pets. Prices seem to be lower than PetCo overall. Banfield Pet Hospital here at this location as well as grooming. I have used the grooming services many times and am well pleased.
1	One of my dogs had a seizure during the middle of the night, and I had to take him to the Banfiled inside the PetSmart on Signal Butte because the Banfield where I usually take my dogs had no available appointments. I decided to take my other dog with me to get routine care done, and, as we were standing in line at the Banfield check-in counter, there was an older gentleman with a very big dog standing behind me. My big dog that I had with me, (who was attacked as a puppy by another big dog and therefore, does not like other big dogs), started going after the dog behind me. In trying to restrain my dog, my other one got loose, and the big dog behind me in line grabbed him by the neck, and lifted him off his feet and shook him like a rag doll. My dog required surgery to repair a torn shoulder and it cost me well over $600. Not ten seconds after this happened, the manager came and pointed directly at me while I was still on the ground and said something like, "So, you let go of the your dog's leash." I already knew that, and why he had to say it, I just don't know. The manager quickly made a judgement call and told the guy with the vicious dog he could leave the store without so much as getting his name. I contacted animal control the same day, and a woman said leash laws do not apply at all if a dog gets loose inside a building. I asked her if I could have sued the gentlemen for medical expenses for having a vicious dog that mauled mine, and she stated yes, in small claims court. I contacted the district manager to make an official complaint, and what he basically said is this, "What's your part in this?" I said I admitted I accidentally let go of my dog, but because of his employees' actions, I will be unable to collect ANY amount for medical bills. He refused to see this or even consider his employee's actions and at that point, I hung up. The PestSmart manager made a judgement call that wasn't his to make, and he became the jury as well. Because of this, a man is walking around with a very mean, very vicious dog who could bite someone or another animal in the future. The total unwillingness to even consider my point of view and of not getting the owner's name makes me feel I can't trust my dogs not to get hurt there and I will never step foot in the Signal Butte PetSmart again.
1	I took my cat here to be shaved and was even prepared to give an excellent tip... Until I picked him up. I was told that the service would cost $61 and included bathing, nails, and teeth. When I dropped him off they said it would be about two hours, which I thought was pretty fast. Thirty minutes later I received a phone call informing that he was ready to be picked up. When I got there the cat groomer was gone and the other two employees were extrmely rude having "forgotten" what the groomer told them. My poor cat looked absolutely horrible, his shave job was choppy with chunks of hair still falling out, they didn't bathe or clean him in any way, they didn't even try to so much as brush the cut hair off of him. He had patches all over and his mane was the worst. I asked what happened and they weren't sure, but said they thought the guy who was holding him down had his hand grazed by my cat's tooth so they considered it a bite and it is their policy to stop services once that happens. holding him down, really?! I calmly stated that his shave job appeared to be very choppy, to which I revieved a reply of "it's a cat, shaving cats always looks like that, they aren't dogs". Then they handed me a bill for the full price and said they would have the groomer call me when she was back... I still haven't heard from her. Honestly I try not to be too critical of businesses, but this place is terrible. I wouldn't recommend them for a second and if I could give them zero stars I would!
1	I've been bringing my pet for grooming here for two years. His groomer Jessie (best groomer) had to leave and I decide to try someone else. Big mistake!! They have no decent groomers and bad customer service!! I witness two employees fighting over who should greet the customers coming in.(not professional at all) Last tree times I've brought him in they have done horrible hair cuts on him, always uneven and choppy....I had to fix what they messed up.I will never bring him back unless his former groomer comes back. I don't care about the price, I just want him to be comfortable and have a decent hair cut.
