5	Honest dentists are hard to find. Dr. Ho takes his time with his patients and does not try and sell any overpriced gimmicks.
5	Ive been seeing Dr ho for almost two years now. Conservative, doesn't tell me I need laser cleaning or gum massages which would be $1000 more after insurance. Couple of teeth beginning to discolor, they could become cavities and I may want some work done, but not necessary (which is great because Ive had those discolorations from childhood and so far have not progressed to cavities). Any dentist who insists on work done immediately loses my business for being a money sucker.
5	Dr Ho is by far and away the best dentist! This is my 2nd time here (every 6mo). His cleaning is a deep - very very deep clean with the water tool. He is so unbelievably gentle and caring. The cleaning may "hurt" a bit but know that what he's doing as a normal cleaning, I used to have to pay extra at my old dentist. Teeth feel and look amazing. Thanks Dr Ho!!!!
4	Very pleased with my first visit. Dr. Ho seems to be an honest, not out for your money, kinda guy. He gave me 2 options for my sensitive tooth that seems to be cracked.  one was the less expensive route and the other was a semipermanent solution that would've had me back in the chair with what sounded like an evasive procedure. He explained the procedure well which i loved because I'm all too curious how it's done. It was a difficult decision for me to leave my last dentist, Dr. Chad Whiting, but this place was just so close to home. I will miss all of the ladies at that office. All Brite Dental ladies are very young and nice but not as awesome as Canyon Rim Dental ladies. My choice to switch was based on convienance and the good Yelp reviews Dr. Ho recieved. Thanks Yelpers! Ya'll never fail me
1	As a 'person' goes , Garick Ho is probably the worst type of individual you could possibly meet. Very dishonest and misrepresents himself as a professional. Purchases used items off websites to use at Practice....sterilized...yeah right! Consider yourself warned.
