4	Wow! What a surprise!Go Here!Tucked in the lobby of the Shereton Airport hotel at 52nd St & Broadway in Tempe. My big complaint: the chairs are too low to the ground. That's it.Appetizers: Ravioli in cream sauce, Pan grilled soft cheese (NOT mozzarella), shredded chicken nachos, hot & spicy shrimp.Pre-meal: Tortilla soup w/chicken & avocado, Southwestern style salad w/blue cheese.Meal: Center cut Angus filet w balsamic reduction & Spicy Shrimp.Dessert: Chocolate Kahlua Mousse Pie - Decadent!, Creme Brulee, Deep Fried Ice Cream.I don't really have anything to comment on because everything was so good! Been here twice looking forward to visit number three!
5	I just ate at this place and the food was just amazing. This was what i hadCHILI RELLENOSA breaded fresh Poblano pepper stuffed with Chevre and melted Asadero cheese and baby shrimp layered over a bed of shredded cabbage. Served with chipotle cream sauce, southwest black beans and yellow posole.The posole was a perfect side and the pepper was perfectly breaded and fried.Its about $18 but it was totally worth it and just amazing.
3	I went here due to a Restaurant.com coupon. The menu was expensive, which made me think that it was a fancy place, but it turns out that the food was expensive because it was a restaurant inside a hotel! It was inside the Sheraton and I didn't see any signs outside indicating it was there. We'd made reservations since it was a Friday night, but they really weren't necessary, as there were only two other families in the restaurant. We'd dressed up. We were the only ones.The restaurant area was really very modern beautiful. They'd made good use of lighting effects and there was a large, full bar wrapped along the back portion.We ordered the Pan-Seared Cheese (which were basically fried cheese poppers - delicious, but definitely overpriced considering only 4 of them came on a plate) as an appetizer. My date ordered the Baron's Burger (your basic burger), and I ordered the Valley of the Sun Ribs. The ribs were a little dry, but I really loved the "Arizona croquette" that came with them. It was fried crispy on the outside with creamy mashed potatoes on the inside.With the restaurant.com coupon, the meal was reasonably priced, but without it, I would have felt a little ripped off.
5	My husband and I ate here Saturday night, using a Groupon I'd recently purchased. We enjoyed the open atmosphere and great service, and we were entertained by what appeared to be a large wedding or graduation party. Despite the fact that their kitchen had to have been extremely busy with such a large group, our meal was absolutely delicious! I had the portabella mushroom dish, and my husband had penne pasta with chicken - both excellent and a pleasant surprise! Yes, a little pricey, but definitely worth it. We'll be back!
1	Wow, this place was so terrible. We had a $25 restaurant.com gift certificate that we bought for $2.50, and we still didn't think it was worth it. Service is super slow, the atmosphere is terrible (its in the lobby of a Sheraton by the airport) and the food is the worst of all.We started off with the nachos and they were decent. The service was brutally slow even though barely anyone was there, we had to repeatedly ask for refills on our soda, and our dinner took forever to arrive.We ordered a bean and cheese burrito for our daughter (not on the kids menu???) and it came full of tons of non kid friendly things like peppers and onions. My wife ordered the taco salad and it came with guac and sour cream on it (which the menu didn't say) and it didn't come with a black bean salsa that the menu did say it came with.I ordered a fish dish served over gnocchi which was really bland. The only good entree at the table was the Chorizo Chicken.Anyway, just don't go here.
2	Wifey and I went here a few months ago for lunch with a Restaurant.com gift certificate. I had a French dip sandwich and wifey had some sort of a salad. the food was OKAY, but the atmosphere was jus odd. it's in the lobby of a hotel, and I felt just weird. The server was nice, but the place was dead as dead gets and it was just waaaay out of place.
3	I went there for a very early dinner prior to going to a baseball game. Arrived before 3:30 and there was no wait staff, so we sat at the bar. Not a big deal given the time of day. I ordered the fish tacos, which came out as to tacos with some excellent black beans, good corn, and chees and salsa. The tacos were pretty good, but at $15, I expected a bit more. It's a very pricey restaurant for a little commuter hotel. I was compleed to go to this restaurant because of a groupon offer for $30 worth of food for $15, but two entrees and two beers came to $45! I'm not sure it was worth "saving" $15.
4	When traveling for business, I've dined at hundreds of in-hotel restaurants. The food is safe, bland, unexceptional and overpriced.  Frankly that's what I expected when we stopped in to Fire & Spice. Thankfully, I was very wrong.The food offered is creative southwestern cuisine with a nod towards Sonora and northern New Mexico. The basics of salsa, beans and corn were all excellent and the enchiladas were delicious. The service was great as well.Thanks for exceeding my expectations!
4	My husband and I went here on a Saturday night for dinner because we had a restaurant.com gift certificate. Yes, it's in the Sheraton, and yes it's near the airport with not much else around, but I have to say- we were both impressed. We started with the Gambas al Fuego, which were deliciously spicy (although I thought that $10 for four shrimp was a bit excessive, no matter how tasty they were). We both had house salads with blue cheese dressing- I think you can tell a lot about the quality of a place by their salads. They used fresh field greens, the tomatoes were perfect and sweet, and even the thinly sliced onions were sweet and delicious. The blue cheese dressing was fantastic, and had actual chunks of blue cheese. I was impressed, for a hotel restaurant. For our entrees, I had the hickory smoked baby back ribs (good, but not phenomenal) and husband ordered the chorizo chicken- I am so glad he shared a bite with me, because it was awesome. I was really wishing I'd gotten that instead of the ribs. Oh, and I especially wanted to mention the asparagus that came with my ribs- tender, cooked just right, and flavorful. This place uses quality ingredients.If it wasn't so out of the way, we would definitely come by regularly. My husband was especially enticed by the prime rib melt sandwich, so I think we'll be back during lunch in the near future. The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars was that the atmosphere was pretty dead. Which I suppose is understandable, given that it's inside the Sheraton. The decor was nice though. They should have a free standing restaurant in an area with more traffic- this place would be a hit.
3	This place did a really good job of making it seem like this wasn't your typical hotel lounge/restaurant.  From their website to the look of the menus you would think that this place was a bona fide decent hotel dining establishment.   Unfortunately, the place is just that - a standard lounge inside a hotel that happens to serve food.My wife and I tried a bunch of their small plates and they were all decent but not memorable.  Everything was ok but nothing I would return for.  It was only one step above typical hotel lounge food.On the plus side:* There are several coupons floating around out there that can give you a few bucks off* Our waiter was very very friendly but clearly overworked.  Its like they don't expect more than 5 people to be in the entire place even though they advertise like mad* They have several Four Peaks beers and even offer a sampler which is a rarity for several bars out here that ought to carry it
5	Tortilla soup is delicious, spicy and reasonably priced.  Not cheesy like max and ermas and not like a vegetable broth like at many Mexican restaurants, thick and stewy.  Potato Bacon corm chowder was good but bot as chunky as I had hoped.  But is you don't want spicy this tasty.  The creme brulee has coconut milk in it and is AMAZING.
3	I stayed in the Sheraton and got room service from this place.  I ordered the salad with balsamic vinegarette dressing, the pan seared salmon and the cookies and milk for dessert.The salad was pretty tasty.  I enjoyed it.  It was a combination of romaine lettuce, spinach, tomatoes, and freshly sliced onions.  With the dressing, it was very good.The pan seared salmon was lightly seasoned.  It was served over some gnocchi, spinach and some tasty sauce.  I thought it was pretty good.  Not the best, but pretty good. I really enjoyed the combination of the gnocchi and the spinach with the whole meal.  It really complimented the salmon nicely.The cookies and milk was a nice way to finish off my dinner.  I read on the menu that it was supposed to be 2 chocolate chip cookies and 2 white chocolate chip and macadamia nut cookies served with a warm tall glass of milk.  Instead, they gave me 4 chocolate chip cookies, but I couldn't complain.  The cookies were nice and warm and so delicious.  They were the kind of cookies that were soft and would melt in your mouth.  They were very thick and chunky because they had so many chocolate chips in them.  I really enjoyed that dessert.  It kind of reminded me of the pizookie (minus the ice cream), but  in a smaller and slightly thicker form.  Overall, I enjoyed my food.   I wouldn't mind sampling some of the other things on their menu if I had the chance.
4	My husband and I went there tonight for the first time and loved it. There was a convention of some sort but once they moved into their hall the noise level dropped to a comfortable level.We were seated quickly and out of the way from the crowd of conventioners. Our server was Drake and he was great. He knew exactly when to tend to us and when to let us be. He was prompt in bringing us our complimentry bread that came with oil, butter and jalapeno jelly. They bread was nice and warm without being too hot. My husband had the 12oz Striploin and I had the 6oz Filet Mignon both ordered at medium rare. They were cooked perfectly. The asparagus was cooked just right and not over done. My only "compliant" would be that the mashed potatoes could have been a bit warmer.Since it was a Friday night and they were having something called "Social Friday" (or something like that) we got a free dessert when you bought 2 entrees. We chose the creme brulee. I loved the flavour of the caramel and coconut! Mmmmmm it was subtle but you could taste it. I would have given 5 stars if the dessert would have not been so thick. It was tasty but had the consistency of a mouse rather than creme brulee.The value was reasonable for what we got ($53 after taxes) and the entertainment book coupon made it even better (down to $32) and we will be back to use the lunch coupon and possibly the restaurant gc we have.
1	This was the first and last time I will visit this sunny establishment. Please let me start by saying don't be fooled by the name thinking you may get some spice in your meal when visiting this establishment. I would like to enlighten any potential consumers on the epic failure of the evening I just experienced. Failure number one, they had our reservation incorrect and multiple times mentioning that we had made the reservation incorrectly. Failure number two, your menu on-line does not match your actual menu. When you say you have Hatch green chili on the menu make sure you can actually serve it. Multiple times I asked about the spice and was told it was very spicy, and was disappointed at the lack there of. I am a lover of New Mexico green chili, so if you compare your food to it you shouldn't be light years off on the descriptions.Third failure of the night was dumping a full ice cold drink down the side of my leg and back of my pants. Not only was I upset at the fact you soaked my jeans, but then offended at the idea the server was going to get a blow dryer and dry off my pants. If I wanted to wear my jeans straight out of the washing machine, I would have done so but thank you to the service staff, they took liberty of doing that for me. So, you want me to take off my pants to blow dry them you say, failure number four. Epic failure number five was the sub-par meals that followed along with the "flaming" drink that is not worth ordering The food was by far the worst thing of the night, which compared to everything else would seem like nothing. If you think you are going to get food, turn around and go back home and eat a bean burrito.  After all that we attempted to salvage the evening with some humor, but then comes failure number six. When the bill arrives we were told that although the server dumped a drink all over me, nothing could be done to adjust the bill. It was just a little liquid as I was reminded by the server AND the manager. I wasn't looking to make a scene but when I stood up from the table, someone asked me if I had an "accident" (I'm 29 and housebroken). Even to this point, I was just annoyed. This brings us to failure number 7, when paying for the bill we presented our overly intelligent server a $50 visa card and asked her to run the card for that amount, and came back letting us know it was declined. In surprise, I look up the account information on my phone to only see of the $50 loaded on the card the previous day a $48 charge was in the transaction history for Fire and Spice. When we asked the server, she responded by asking if we had ever stayed in a hotel before and how there is an "incidental" charge which is why the card didn't go through. I asked for the manager at this point, who felt it was okay to tell me again that the bill was now being discounted because of the small spill on me. So after showing him the charge on-line he then got his second level manager. Oh boy, if you are in the mood for being told you are an idiot, this is the guy to talk to! Failure number 8. When you walk into a customer service situation as the second level manager in an issue, normally one would look to diffuse the situation and not escalate it. Not this guy, he enjoys full confrontation with customers. Not to mention he also witnessed the events of the night unfold and rather than offering to make the situation better, he chose the much higher route of saying that clearly our card was declined because there wasn't enough money on it even after seeing the transaction history of the card, with their establishment as the only charge. Nothing he said made sense and walked away as if we bothered him by asking for an explanation of the charge. So here's to you manager's of Fire and Spice at the Sheraton Hotel in Tempe, AZ.. keeping it classy and bringing in customers to make them feel warm a fuzzy inside. Beware hospitality is at it's finest in this establishment!  WINNING!!!!
4	Had a good experience last evening.   First time I have visited this eating establishment.   I generally think food at hotels are less than adequate.   However, the food at First and Spice was excellant.     I had the Braised Pork Shank; very good and my wife had the Southwest Grilled New York Strip.    She said it was one of the best tasting steaks she has had in a long time.   Also had the red chile horseradish dip.  Great.    Highly recomend trying their faire.      Prices are a bit high but the quality of the food offsets the price.     By the way the desserts: Homemade White Chocolate Bread Pudding and Kahlus+ Chocolate Toffee Mousse Cake were both very good.   The bread pudding as good as I have tasted.
3	The food in this place was crazy good, but the atmosphere was a little weird with in a noisy/convention/commuter type hotel. We went there with a Restaurant.com gift certificate and really weren't sure what to expect. It was a little pricey but I would definitely go there again... with another deal.I ordered the salmon which was melt in your mouth good. The Mango Habanero Margarita... that's apparently award winning... was a little spicier than I would've expected, but I'm a sucker for a house specialty drink.  Our server was very knowledgeable about suggesting meals, drinks and desserts. On the negative side, the menu advertised a smores kit to make smores on the pool deck... we were told that hasn't ever been available but we ordered them anyway (pre-made) and they were delicious.
3	The menu selection got my attention to try this place for my monthly ladies' lunch (co-workers).  This place is inside the Sheraton hotel and in the middle of the hotel (openly) so you see all the busy traffic of people.  I ordered the AZ Steak Melt (shaved steak sirloin cooked and topped with asadero cheese) and regular fries.  The sandwich was ok, not much flavors.  The fries were good.  The service however was great.  But the food was just OK.
4	We went here for dinner, I made reservations not knowing what to expect. No need at all to make them, its a walk in place and you just sit yourself at an available table. First impression of the place was, "oh no what did we get our selves into". The restaurant is inside the lobby of the sheraton and is open, so you can see anyone just walking around the hotel. We had dinner at 9:30pm so was not too much traffic but there was an entertainer convention going on, so was very noisy and then when they had an intermisssion we got to see some interesting looking people. It was a lil bit of some nice entertainment. I could see how that could be annoying with all the background noise. First off we started with some cocktails, I had the orange margarita with sugar on the rim, was delicious, and Javier had the house special Fire and spice, it tasted just like a classic margarita (nothing special). Appetizer: we shared the Gambas al fuego. So for $10.00 you get 4 shrimps, (they were delicious) but for $10.00 I expect a lil bit more food. It wasn't even the jumbo shrimp, just normal size. Besides the price and quantity, this dish was delicious. It had a mango salsa that was sooooo good. It had jicama, mango, red bell pepper, cilantro, chile and lime. I think i will try to recreate this at home. So Im glad this is the appetizer we chose, but I will not be getting it again just because of the portion. On a side note, they give you a basket of bread, which is actually soft pretzel sticks. and you get 3 condiments to dip it into.Oil (which I think needed some spices for more flavor), jalepno jelly (ya I know, but surprisingly good), and a sweet/nutty butter.  For the main course: I got the chorizo chicken (chicken stuffed with chorizo and cheese) with a chipotle sauce on top, it came wth ranchero beans( i didnt like these, but thats just my preference, I enjoy more authentic tasting beans) and jalepeno cheese rice, (this was very good, and the cheese dishes are made with white cheddar). Javier had the bbq short ribs (he loved these) and came with jalepeno mac n cheese( this was extra cheesey) , but very good. And finally I ordered dessert, creme brulee. Now I may not be the person to ask because this is my all time favorite dessert, but I have definaltly had better. There was nothing special to it. But I couldnt leave with out trying it. I will be returning here to try other menu items, I just with they would change the location or open up another location in the valley.
4	Wonderful strawberry chicken salad.  Comfortable.  Awesome cheesecake.
4	I spent 3 nights at the Sheraton and since there are really no restaurants of any kind within walking distance of this hotel, I just braved it and had a few meals here while attending a 3 day conference. First day I had a turkey wrap for lunch which was yummy and quite filling. I asked the waiter for water, but I got served a Pepsi instead and got charged for it on top of it. Free refill though. Wish they had Coke as I hate Pepsi and all you can get in the hotel including the vending machines is Pepsi. Next meal I had was a dinner the next night. Ordered chicken enchiladas and they were just fine along with 2 beers that were a bit overpriced. Last night there I had dinner. Ordered the 8 oz fillet and it was made to perfection. Overall, very good service with the exception of the slip in of the Pepsi for the water the first day. Alcohol is a bit steep in price, but food is moderately priced for the amount you get, so overall, they get 4 stars. Very good, but not excellent. Just wish there were some other places to eat in the area without having to drive somewhere or take a cab to get out of the hotel.
3	As a Seattle tourist in the enormous sprawl of Arizona, I couldn't quite wrap my head around the idea that there was not a single restaurant in walking distance of my hotel, the Red Roof Inn. I mean literally, not one. Gorgeous scenery, but no food. Car culture, I guess. Anyway, not wanting to brave whatever the RRI might have had in the way of a restaurant (not sure they had anything, actually), I wandered around pathetically in the blazing sun until I psyched out that this place was inside the Sheraton. The menu was, for me, bizarre. Shrimps and salsas were thrown together with avocados and steaks... Maybe it really did feature traditional Southwest food... I guess I'm used to TexMex. Everything was also outside my budget, and they didn't have anything simple on the whole menu (even their sour cream was chipotle-flavored). BUT the nice lady server took pity on me and hooked me up with a $6 quesadilla and some tasty salsa, so in the end I was a pretty happy camper. Even though my iced tea was a ludicrous $2.50. That's hotels for ya!
3	Good enough for a lunch break where you want something different but nothing mind blowing.  Dinner service might be more interesting than lunch.
4	Had a coupon and came here on a Sunday night for steak. We had the NY strip and filet. The strip was seasoned well and cooked right, and the filet was very tender. The flavor on the strip was better than the filet, but no complaints. The potatoes and asparagus were great compliments (esp the grilled asparagus) and didn't leave anyone still hungry. We'd certainly come back for the steak and they always seem to have some specials and/or coupons for budget friendly eats!
5	I have been to this restaurant 5 plus times. Its in a hotel, not the best hotel, but we come for the food. Its always wonderful. Last night we had the chicken chorizo and pork shank and again we left amazed. I would put it up there with some of the greatest dishes I have had from Michael Mina or Maestro's. For sure worth a visit.
4	AZ Wings are decent appetizers with the right amount of spice, kind of like Tabasco - not too much and not too little. They're definitely overpriced but I had a craving for wings. I love fish tacos and I gotta admit the Baja Fish Tacos were pretty damn good. The only thing that I didn't like about it was the slaw that came on it. I also wanted to try out their shrimp taco. It was ok but way too salty for my taste. For a hotel restaurant, it's not too bad. I'd definitely eat here again.
1	Got the tortilla soup( flavorless), chorizo stuffed chicken( tasted like some something frozen, def not homemade), childrens burger( completely dry), and hot wings. I wouldn't order of them again except for maybe the wings which were ok, cause you really can't screw up wings...
