3	Its just pizza. Not bad. Taste good actually. However, downfall is price. Its not cheap!
1	Good pizza--absolutely HORRIBLE customer service.Aside from the pizza itself, this dining experience was the worst I've had in a long, long  time.  The store just reopnened, under new ownership, which if he keeps this kind of attitude up, it won't be for long!  I had a two-for-one coupon and after receiving the delivery, I noticed the price was a little high, I called to make sure they gave me the discount, at which time I learned not only was the price on their website wrong for the pizza ($18.99 instead of the advertised $16.99), I also learned that I was charged $2 for delivery, which their website also boasts "delivery is always free".  After learning this, I was of course irritated, and asked why I should be charged for their blatant false advertisement, but the owner/manager just didn't get it.  He blathered on and on about buying the chain and stock options (no, I'm not joking!) and why they haven't fixed the website, blah, blah, blah,  the whole time I'm thinking...."WHY IS THIS MY PROBLEM?  You're admitting you're wrong but somehow still arguing with me???"  So, not only did he not honor his advertisement, he actually had the brass to give ME, the customer, an attitude, about HIS poor business management!   Oh, and forgot to mention, their delivery guy drives up BLARING his stereo, so loud my neighbors are poking their heads out, and doesn't bother to turn it down.  I couldn't even hear the dude, when he's 3 feet in front of me, at my doorstep.  Please....don't waste your time or money at this place.  The pizza may be good (however pricey), but you'll be so pissed off, once you get to eat it, that it won't matter!
4	I had dinner here this week, and while waiting for my dine-in order, I checked on here to see what people had to say.My response?  "Oh, crap."Fortunately for me, I didn't have the customer service nightmare that other reviewers had.  So that leads me to believe that the issue must be either with: take-out, delivery, or someone that works here got the memo and decided to work on their customer service techniques.If anything, the service was very friendly.  Quick, talkative, checked in often to see how we were doing... they even stopped us when we went to select our drinks as the colder drinks were in the back of their fridge.  Why? They wanted to point those out over the still warm ones they had recently placed in there.  Again, little gestures.We got two personal pizzas: Cordon Bleu and Cajun Queen.  And those were some really tasty 'zas, especially sharing between ourselves.  Someone else on here pointed out this place's wings, and I am a HUGE wing enthusiast.  These are definitely some mighty fine wings.  I ate those like they were going out of style.I don't know what to say: The meal was really good, the service contradicted the other reviews on here (which was a relief for us), and yes, the prices are a little high, but the quality and variety was there.
4	I've passed this place at least 100x and have never stopped to check it out.  Today I stopped for some lunch.  As I pulled up to the restaurant, I noticed the sign in front of the joint that said "2 Slices & Soda $5.95".....perfect!I asked the guy at the counter if the 2 Slice Special is more or less Pizza than a Personal 10" Pizza....he said the 2 Slice Special has more Pizza, so I went with it.  The special price is for Cheese only, to add more toppings it's $.50 ea, so I decided to add Pepperoni & Sausage to both slices.....total damage $6.95.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/SQ8Tkavc4TJj-2kanEDzLg?select=Z2zzt8zXaQBX8doxb9-58gI then grabbed a Soda out of the beverage cooler, they have Coke Zero, score!  I'm not much of a Soda drinker, but there are 4 Sodas I have a tough time saying no to.....Mexican Coke or Pepsi, Pepsi Max, and Coke Zero.  I swear they put liquid Crack in Coke Zero!After a short wait, my Pizza was ready.  The Crust is slightly thicker than a NY Style Pizza and you must fold the Pizza if you want to eat it properly, otherwise you'll have to use a knife and a fork....which is a Sin!  I took one bite and thought the Pizza was really good.  The Pepperoni was great, quality stuff.  The Sausage was pretty good, but not great......was missing "something".  The Pizza had the perfect proportion of ingredients.....the Cheese or Sauce didn't overwhelm the Pizza.....which is a common mistake at some Pizza joints.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/SQ8Tkavc4TJj-2kanEDzLg?select=wjkjIIETK87tO8549L0MaQOverall, I thought it was really good Pizza.  I was left wanting more.....I could have easily eaten another 2 Slices......next time I'm ordering a Medium for myself...ha!I noticed their sign that said their Wings were Baked, not Fried.....heard from Matt S that it's some of the best Wings in town.....have to try that next time!Return Factor - 90%
5	The pizza is one of a kind. The wings are baked and not fried. Everything here is so fresh and in about 6-8 minutes your food will be ready for you to eat.
1	Purchase a Group-OnWings- Wings cooked well-on the other hand the flavor garlic parmesan tasted more like fettuccine alfredo. (Better off going to BWW-sauce is better but chicken is smaller)Pizza- it was fair-had better. (I love pizza but after eating two wings, that messed up the whole meal).Would I eat here again-Heck No I was better off ordering food from the street cart workers in ca.
1	It's a shame my review get deleted after I rated it bad. I'm not sure who deleted it, but I was sick for a whole week from eating from a pizza shop. So I contacted Environmental Health. Well I did get a follow-up report from them and the restaurant received a "C". I'm sure it would have gotten something lower if the worker didn't put on a show that day. What wrong is I was stating the truth and sharing my experience. I also have proof from DEH. You would think others would like to know the good, and the bad. But I guess not on yelp. Anyway I guess I wont be writing anymore reviews for restaurants, since i'm scared of going out to eat again due to getting sick.  I'm sure this will get deleted as well.
3	Red Rock Pizza you were a one night stand. BOOM. The pie was delicious. Clarification- The half of the pizza you got right. Thanks to previous Yelpers reviews we purposely ordered in person to make certain the order was not screwed up. He repeated our order when we ordered it. He then yelled out a second time while he was making it just to make sure and it was still wrong! Are you for real? I didn't mean to kill the rabbit George......Sorry, had to go there. The half of the pizza that was outstanding and worth many more dates was the Pineapple, Jalapeno and Mushroom side. On point Red Rock. Then I dipped it in their insanely divine homemade garlic ranch dressing. Pizza party!!!! I also enjoyed the crispiness of the chicken wings and the dressing on the Caesar Salad, too. Good times. The other half of my pie was a fail with zero sauce and zero flavor. Come on.Although they threw in a couple of garlic knots to the mix I still don't think they earn the other two stars. The food is above decent, but the price and service leaves alot to be desired. Thanks for a good time Red Rock Pizza, but I don't think you are my type. It's not me, it's you....
4	The previous reviews of Red Rock Pizza really threw me off! I purchased a Groupon for this place and was anxious to use it!Initially, I was a little annoyed because it was really far away from my home in the Southwest. I was impressed by the nice open kitchen--I like being able to see how they are preparing my food. We ordered a HUGE--I mean HUGE pepperoni pizza, garlic knots, salad, and bomb.com cookie. The pizza was pretty good...the crust was crispy, and it had a good amount of cheese:pepperoni ratio. The garlic knots were okay, I have had better. The salad was the most impressive part! It was HUGE for only $3.99 and the ranch was yummy. It was spicy! The cookie...please, try the cookies they have. I thought they were muffins when I saw them on the counter, but the nice girl who told me to try one was one smart girl! They had huge chunks of belgian chocolate and were ooey gooey perfection!Overall, I would go back!
5	These are some of the most miss leading reviews I have read. I decided to try red rock pizza after purchasing a living social. I was concerned at first but decided to give it a try. Not only was the service friendly and helpful but the food was delicious. I will definitely be going back. Try it. I promise you won't be disappointed.
4	Red Rick pizza has a many especially pizzas available! If you feel like trying something new, this will be a good place. Ei. Nacho pizza!
5	I live right down the street from this place so it's convenient. I moved to LV just over a year ago. I am soooooo disappointed by what people in Las Vegas call pizza. I eat a lot of pizza. I'm not gonna say I know what good pizza is because I say I'm from New York or Chicago. I know what good pizza is because of the experience I have with pizza over the course of my life. People that say they know what good pizza is simply because they are from a certain town need to be beaten senseless. There are two great pizza places in Las Vegas. One is across town. Red Rock is the other. U can tell that they take the time to actually mix their recipes with quality ingredients. Their sauce is flavorful and u can tell that it's not some 6in1 rubber-tasting crap out of a can that 95% of the shops here use. When I was there, the old man was making meatballs from scratch. Their vast array of gourmet/specialty pizzas are unique. They don't have the same old pizzas that other shops use. All in all, if you want a good pie, Red Rock Pizza is the best pizza in NW Vegas.
4	Review is for delivery only. Called my order in, and the girl who took my order (pepperoni and mushroom pizza) was very polite. Delivery arrived within half an hour, and the delivery kid was sweet too. The pizza was completely loaded with pepperoni and mushrooms, the crust was a little thicker than I was expecting, but nice and crispy. I'll definitely have to hit up the restauran, and will update.
4	Not only does Red Rock Pizza have great pizza (especially the Vegie Wedgie) but their pasta dishes are really tasty as well. The portion sizes for the price are ridiculously large! The restaurant is clean and the staff is very friendly.
5	Best pizza I've found in Summerlin. Lots of fresh toppings and great flavor. Not the cheapest pizza, but worth it.
4	YUMMY PIZZA, very tasty garlic knots! The sauce served with the knots was very well seasoned and unexpected. My mouth is watering just writing this review. DANGIT! Can't believe I forgot the leftovers at home. Wish this place was bigger so more folks could hang out and enjoy. We were going to eat outside, but a freaky MONSOON came along and ruined that idea! But, there are cute little bistro tables and chairs in front. Football was playing on the TV, so that would have been acceptable. I went with a Groupon deal, so they did limit choices, but only slightly! Next time we're going to have to stay longer and get some ice cream and I would like to try their salads.We didn't have any customer service issues, but maybe because we ordered in person and ate in the store. They brought the food right to the table and you get your bottled drinksd out of the cooler yourself...so no issues for us!We'll be back!
2	Meh. We had the Groupon, couldn't use it on the lunch special so we ended up paying $19 for a mediocre large pizza. They did have a good cookie though.
5	Delicious!  We got the Bianco pizza with ricotta, mozzarella and added mushrooms.  The crust was thin yet full of flavor and had a great texture.  The ricotta was amazing. We got it delivered and it arrived within 30 minutes.  A bit pricey but definitely worth every penny.
4	This is the best THIN CRUST pizza in Vegas. Red Rock uses quality ingredients and you can taste it in the pizza. They offer a lot of unusual toppings that you won't see at other pizza places like artichoke hearts, fresh roasted garlic and goat cheese. My favorite pizza is the Pueblo with sweet roasted garlic, sauted mushrooms, chevre goat cheese, mozzarella, sweet red onions, and roasted peppers. Delicious! My fiance's favorite pizza is the Widow Maker, it's like a heart attack on a plate! Ham, Salami, Italian sausage, Arezzio pepperoni, Italian sausage, black olives, and Mozzarella, hold the olives please. The salads here are also delicious. They make thier own dressings in house and they are yummy! The garden salad is not your typical pizza place iceburg salad with a few carrots and tomotoes on top; it is lots of fresh romaine lettuce with red onions, cucumbers, black olives and tomato. The portions are generous and two people can easily share a small salad.They offer a few dessert selections, cheesecake (haven't tried it), cannolis (pretty good) and a loaded chocolate chip cookie that is irresistable! Red Rock is on the pricey side for pizza, but in this case you get what you pay for. The restraunt is very casual and set up more for take out than dining in. There are some small tables and chairs, and a few outside, but it is not inviting. So we usually call our order in for takeout. The staff is very friendly and polite.
5	I lived in Summerlin for about a year and a half and this was my go-to pizza place. A little pricier than the chains but it more than makes up for it by being the absolute best quality pizza in town. You can tell that the ingredients are very fresh and the dough is excellent as well. The Mediterranean is my favorite on the menu.
1	I'd rate them zero if I could. My husband and I came here at 7:30 on a Friday night and the place was completely empty, we went inside where we stood at the counter, completely ignored by four employees who made eye contact with us, yet continued their personal conversations. They never acknowledged us. We were the ONLY people in there. After several minutes, we decided to leave since it was obvious they were not going to serve us. As we were leaving, I said, "We were hoping to order; I guess you didn't want our business." One of the employees shouted sarcastically, "I'm sooooo sorry," and then proceeded to follow us out to our car being belligerent. No wonder this place is empty on a Friday night!!!
2	The pizza is great but customer service is awful. I've ordered pizza from here many many many times over the years and occasionally use a coupon or special offer as they are pricey. Today the "acting manager" told me they can not use my coupon for delivery regardless of fact that there are no limitations on the actual coupon. They just have an internal problem with their employees not collecting the coupons when they deliver. Why should I (long time customer) be punished for the incompetent behavior of the employees they choose to hire. If they put a coupon out, they should write dine in or pick up only on it, if they want to enforce this. I feel that customer service is so important, if you want repeat business and referrals... And in this case they obviously don't care about pleasing a hungry and longtime loyal customer.  I vowed to Jonathan (acting manager this evening) to tell others what horrible customer service I experienced.
5	We've been ordering pizza from Red Rock for 10 years.  What else do you need to know?  Except that we only only their vegetarian pizzas.  They're great, and you won't miss the greasy meat.  Try it, and you won't go back,
5	Their pizza is fantastic.  The crust is very good quality and care put into it and thin, the way I love it.  I get the personal size (which is equivalent to a small at the regular pizza places.  I love the veggie wedgie.  I get it without broccoli and extra cheese.  The great thing is they have ten kinds of cheeses, but with this I get their standard mozzarella and cheddar combo.  Yummy.  The Mediterranean is quite delicious, but a little rich.  So share with a few friends.  Try it, the owner/chef went to Cordon Bleu and you can taste it in this delicious great quality product.  My compliments to him!6-1-13 Ordered the medium veggie wedgie w/o broccoli and extra cheese.  Very delicious.  What truly makes their pizza are the extra steps like handmade sauce, roasted garlic and fresh ingredients.  Love it - I'm a fan!
5	Wow! Great sauce! Great crust, the pizza was delicious!  We let them know it was our first visit so they would be patient while we looked at the menu, not only did they make suggestions, but gave us free garlic knots while we waited for pizza!  We loved this place and will return when we are in town.
5	First time ordering from here.  Best pizza we've had in a long time. Love the thin crust and the toppings are fantastic. It's pricey but worth it. I'm just sorry it took so long to try it.
5	Although I have only been here once while traveling the Vegas area, their price, convenience, and overall good quality food stood out to me.  While shopping for dog food next door, I needed something for myself and noticed this little pizza shop right next door.  I received two hurkin' pieces of pizza with a drink all for a reasonable price.  It was finger-lickin good!!!
2	Overpriced, overhyped, and when it comes down to it the pizza is just mediocre.  It might have been a little more notable if it was actually hot upon delivery.  Delivery took double the 40 minute wait quoted on the phone.  One of the 2 pizzas was room temp upon delivery.  The chicken was diced so small that could have passed for a diced veggie.  Really shocking, given the quantity of high reviews.  Maybe they were having an off day, but when the cost is over $50 for 2 gourmet pizzas, I expect the restaurant to deliver a high quality product on a consistent basis.
3	Just alright. Went there after hearing a raving review from a friend...but for the price I really didn't think it was anything special.
5	(5) stars. pizza is hands down the best in town. indigents are all natural. service is five stars as well. red rock pizza is highly recommended. my wife loves the fresh pasta and garlic bread!!!
5	Red Rock Pizza is officially the only place I will order pizza. The price is a bit more than what you'd find at Pizza Hut or Dominos, but the portions are large (a small pizza and small side salad make a fine lunch for two for about $16) and the taste it quite worth it (unique, specialty offerings with fresh ingredients)! So far, here's my take on a few of the items I've tried:*The Pueblo (mushrooms, GOAT CHEESE, onions, and red peppers; sundried tomatoes for $1 more): Possibly my favorite. I love goat cheese, but not a lot of pizza parlors offer it. Love the unique ingredients. Also, you MUST get it with the sundried tomatoes! It makes the pizza.*Tesoro (Artichoke hearts, tomatoes, olives, red peppers, broccoli, and feta cheese): Apparently this is their best-selling vegetarian pizza, and I can see why. The veggies are so fresh and seasoned to perfection. They also don't skimp on the toppings, and my pizza was literally overflowing with tasty artichoke hearts.*Eggplant Rollatini (eggplant, ricotta cheese, mozzarella cheese): So good. It's basically like an Eggplant Parmesan pizza. I don't even need to go any further--- it's just so, so good,*Cheesy Onion Roll: Greasy, but delicious. You might feel guilty eating it...*Garlic Knots: Not bad, but a bit dry. Opt for the Cheesy Onion Roll if you're looking for a scrumptious, carb-mazing side!*Garden Salad: We got this one with the house-made Blue Cheese dressing. Not a huge fan of the dressing, as it was very runny. I like a thick blue cheese dressing with blue cheese chunks, but this one resembled a watered-down ranch. Meh. Salad was simple.*Red Rock Salad: Barely needs dressing, as the artichokes and red peppers bring a lot of seasoning and oils to the salad. Excellent!Sure, it costs more than your run-of-the-mill pizza place, like Pizza Hut or Dominos, but what you get is good quality food and service. The only thing that would make this place better is if they had an option to order pizza online!
5	Oh my god the Chicken Marsala pizza with green olives is the best ever!!! Wow looks like everything made from scratch , my new favorite for gourmet pizza's in Las Vegas. My family is all in love with this place
5	Great vegetarian options.  I had the Pueblo (goat cheese, mushrooms, roasted garlic, red onions and red peppers) and it was amazing!  AND, they have cannoli!  Delivery took about 40 minutes, but everything was in perfect condition and temperature.
5	Wow. This place ROCKS. Everything is made to order and all ingredients are FRESH FRESH FRESH. The salad dressings are homemade.  Ranch is my favorite.  If you haven't tried Red Rock Pizza you must.  It is the best pizza I have ever had. It is a real treat to come here and eat. The Stromboli here is amazing.  I got it to go but it never made it home.  I took one bite and finished it in the car.  Salads are amazing as well.  Come eat at Red Rock Pizza for an amazing meal. Come and enjoy!! They also deliver for your convenience.
1	Ordered a ham & pineapple pizza for delivery after hearing good things but was sadly disappointed. The crust was more like cardboard & overall the pie basically tasteless. Hope this was an anomaly but probably won't try again. My guests concurred...
5	I tried out this place when I moved in across the street. I was shocked to find such good pizza that I hadn't heard about before. Amazingly good pizza, and I hold a pretty high standard for pizza; I'd sooner not eat pizza than something mediocre. Excellent crust, great sauce and cheese, and great service. Since then I've ordered it as much as my diet will allow (okay, more than it would allow), it's been great every time.
5	Love this place!! Everything is always good but, today I had the red rock pizza. Staff is always a pleasure!! It's by far the best pizza in Las Vegas.  Have to say the meatballs are also constantly delicious!
5	So if you want huge great pizza for a great price this is the place! Pizza isn't sitting in a heater over for you to order, it's made fresh. They have the best garlic knots ever and the overall experience is just so nice. Everyone's so helpful and polite, the location is perfect as well.
5	I love this place!! Everything is freshly made to order. Meatball Panini is my favorite. Today I had the Red Rock supreme pizza and it was amazing just like everything else I had there. The staff is kind and helpful. It's my go to place plus they deliver!!!!
2	Please open your eyes to you recent reviews. Your food use to be good. Now it's not that great. What happened???  Come on guys get your S@:;T together.
3	I stopped by here for lunch and tried out their lunch special, 2 slices of cheese and a 20 ounce bottled soda for $5.95 including tax. There were 3 employees inside when I walked in who all greeted me and were very nice. They have tables inside and a TV. I sat at a table while my food was being prepared and it wasn't long before it was ready. I also asked for a "Cannoli" priced at $3.25 to be packed to-go and it was made fresh to order. The pizza was just so-so to me. It wasn't bad, it just wasn't great. The price was certainly right! The Cannoli was actually very good and one of the best I have had. Those alone are worth stopping by for.They offer delivery to a wide range of the valley.
4	I would have rated this 5 stars if it wasn't my first time here. The Widowmaker I ordered plus Greek spinach and artichoke hearts was excellent and their sausage is the best. Overall, one of the best pizzas I ever had. A big plus is that they give you fresh Parmesan and red peppers, not the little paper pouches that most places give you for takeout. I'll be back!
5	Love this place! I always order delivery from them and have never been unsatisfied with the food or service. Just placed an order for a custom heart shaped pizza for valentines day and they did it with no problems! It looked fantastic and tasted even better! Great pizza. I would recommend it to anyone.
5	Amazing food. Price-wise, obviously it's a little more than your typical Pizza Hut/Domino's prices, but well worth it. Great pizza, great garlic knots, great wings. I highly recommend it! It's not a very formal sit-down restaurant though. They have a couple tables but I think the gist of it is for pick-up. Which is fine, nothing wrong with that!Great food. Try it!
1	Stopped in for a few slices after not dining here for several months because the pizza was so bad, and now I remember why I stopped eating here !! The pizza was soggy soaked in grease and just not good. The Pizza is just plain bad here, and even though this place is less then a minute from my house I will not be dining here anymore ...
5	We eat at Red Rock Pizza about once a week.   Why? Because they have the best Pizza, the best salads, the best sandwiches, the best of everything we have ever tasted.   Heck, Nicholas Cage eats here all the time and he can eat anywhere he wants.   You cannot go wrong eating at Red Rock Pizza!
4	Cliffs Notes: I live in Summerlin, and this is by far the best pizza delivery option. My go to favorites are the Widowmaker and the BBQ chicken but I often split a onion/garlic/sausage/pepperoni with a friend at work for lunch. Full ReviewSo this place is obviously not Pizza Rock quality, but I don't think anyone could expect that from a residential delivery place. If you are a pizza snob this is not the place for you. If you are looking for a step up over Pizahut/Dominos kind of place than this is great. Some notes on the PizzaPrice wise this place is about 75-100% more expensive than your average delivery chain for just about everything- pizza, drinks, wings etc. A few reviews have raved about the "fresh ingrediants"- this is not exactly true. Their sauce comes out of a jar, I have never seen anyone slicing vegetables etc- they seem to use your run of the mill restaurant supply ingrediants. I wouldn't really expect anything different for the price but if you are a fresh food fenatic you may be dissapointed.Delivery times- I live 2 miles from the place, I work about 500 feet from it. Delivery takes about 45 minutes to an hour whereas pickup takes 20 minutes so I would highly suggest picking it up to avoid getting the pizza past its prime. Wings- I love chicken wings and these are perfectly passable delivery wings given that we have no dedicated wing joint in summerlin. They are baked not fried which does negate the crispness a little but not too much.Garlic knots- yes these are pretty good. You get 1-2 with your pizza depending on the size, would recommend getting a side order to avoid fights to the death in a situation of GK scarcity.
5	Ordered for delivery with my vegan demands and toddler's preferences. Both of us loved the pizza... we ordered a large with no cheese and black olives and mushrooms. Nice thin crust that tastes clean, simple and delicious. Yay.
5	This pizza is by far the best pizza that I've tasted. It's prepared with a really fresh ingredients and it is a little pricey but you're paying for the quality. I recommend this to everyone! If you have not ate here before you are missing out. The best part about it is that they deliver.
5	Best NY style pizza in town! Very family and perfecture oriented. Wings are amazing; being baked too! Red Rock Salad, mostly organic spring greens topped with fresh cut Mozz, roasted red peppers and red onion.  The house made Greek vinaigrette throws an amazing bang. Stuffed shells and other pasta dishes and desserts, such as Canollies made fresh every day etc. Every dessert, pasta, pizza and apps and fresh herbs made from scratch daily make this family that seems fueled by old NY pizza culture
4	stopped by here when i went to healthy tails. started to chat with a gentleman that turned out to be the owner. Very nice and friendly fella. I liked the pizza ,i love thin crust and i also like the sausage he uses on his pizza. I also brought a pie home for my pops,he also enjoyed it as well. Also got an awesome cannoli for my yelp check in. So far i like the businesses in this mall,good people,support your local businesses !
4	I can comfortable give this place a solid 4 stars I tried the philly pizza,chicken wings.  - Normally I judge pizza places bye this or there white pizza's due to the fact you can mess this up really bad or do it justice. First off delivery was super fast I am still waiting on my maintenance call since 9 am ! at my apartments however called them up and got here in under 30 mins not bad !. The Philly -- the toppings are amazing ! the philly meat not shure what cut there using  for it has great flavor and not hard or tough to eat but verry good. ! My one negative on the Sicilian style pizza ( thin crust for non consumers . ) is a little tough to eat maybe recommend a dipping sauce like marinara to dip it in. either for to go or delivery might be a good idea. Chicken Wings these are baked off witch the trick is not getting or serving raw ones trust me from owning a pizza joint this tends to happen. However these where done perfectly and also they make there own blue cheese - ranch dressing you can tell the difference compared to some of the places I have been too. Living in Summerlin its a bit tricky on pizza I am happy to find a new one that delivers close to home its a toss up ( drum roll ) lol between Red Rock Pizza and Those Guys. Ohh and pizza was not salty nor buttery sometimes people wonder about this weather its the sauce etc.. Perfect seasoning through out the meal. Defiantly worth checking out if your in Summerlin -- They do have dinning room however tad bit small and I am shure like every where else in the valley during weekends it gets crazy. Side note -- Prices are perfect also with pizza they serve you Garlic Knots for free!
5	Best Pizza in Vegas! Heck....one of the best on the left coast! Great family feel, wonderful food and great prices!! Why would you go anywhere else for Pizza when you're in Vegas? Oh....and if you are just visiting, they deliver! I recommend the garlic knots!
5	a bit of history:  i went to Italy in the summer of 2012 and got a taste of true Neapolitan pizza. since coming back from that trip, i vowed to never eat regular pizza in the US ever again.  i did try a couple restaurants in San Diego that made the Neapolitan style pizza but i have not found one that can even come close to being as awesome tasting as the pizza I ate in Italy. then i went to visit family in Vegas back in February...yes, 4 months ago, i know.  my in-laws had Red Rock Pizza waiting for me when i arrived.  i was hesitant to try it because it wasn't the Neapolitan style that i now love.  i took 1 bite of this pizza (veggie) and LOVED IT!!!  this is not your average pizza!  it's GOURMET.  the crust was awesome, not too thick, not doughy, not smothered in cheese that stretches out 2 feet when you take a bite, just the right amount of garlic and veggies.  i even had leftovers for breakfast the next morning.well here we are back in Vegas and the first night we arrived we went straight to Red Rock Pizza.  this pizza does not disappoint!  the little "garlic knots" it came with are TO DIE FOR!!  this pizza is now the only "non-neoploitan" pizza i will eat in the US.i gave this establishment 5 stars because of the flavor and freshness of the ingredients and because of the awesome crust.Bon Appetite!
5	honestly this has to be the best pizza in Vegas I know pizza and you can tell when everything is fresh not only is the food amazing the workers are extremely nice they know what there talking about they really make your experience great if you love pizza then red rock pizza is the place to go just like the owner said once I try it I will fall in love and that's what happened
4	My new go-to pizza delivery place! Yeah, they are a little on the expensive side, but it's completely worth the extra few bucks. So far, we've loved everything we've ordered. Well, I don't really care for their garlic knots, but that's not something I would normally order anyway. Regardless, everything is obviously freshly-prepared with quality ingredients, and very quickly delivered. That's pretty much everything I'm looking for in delivery pizza.I was actually a little bummed when my old favorite pizza place started falling the hell apart (wrong orders, long deliveries, nonexistent refunds for shitty food, etc...), but after getting reacquainted with the fine folks at Red Rock, I'm realizing that it was probably more the prices and proximity that I had formed an "allegiance" to before...not the actual food. Messed-up, right? Well, that's all over now. I'm happy to pay the higher price for the better, more consistent food at Red Rock now. Thanks to ********'s NY Pizzeria for chasing us away! I really, honestly appreciate it now.That's about it, folks. But before I go, I would like to point-out that, unless something has changed in the last couple of days, the "place order" link on this Yelp page doesn't do anything. It looks official, and like it's doing something, but it isn't. My wife spoke to someone at Red Rock and he said that he didn't have a clue how or why that option is listed here. So yeah, don't try to order from yelp.
5	Wow!  Red Rock Pizza is amazing. I wouldn't think I ordering from anywhere else. I am originally from the Chicago area, and I know a good pizza.  My favorite items on their menu are the garlic knots, cheesy onion rolls, baked crispy honey BBQ wings,  the Greek salad, my cheese and sausage pizza, and last, but not least, a cannoli for dessert!
2	No way. People putting 4 stars or better. I plain think they are crazy or don't know what good pizza is. FAR too expensive for what you get. Very sparce on the ingriedient side. I just felt ripped. And nothing special on the taste either. I mean, it was ok, but that's it.
1	This pizza is a step up from dominos!!! Who ever is putting 4 stars up don't know what good pizza is!!!
1	I went to Red Rock Pizza based on the reviews I saw on yelp. My experience wasn't as good as fellow yelpers. The customer service was okay, the kid working behind the register was assisting another worker with the register and took the time to explain which items were popular with customers. After that we order our food. We ordered the medium cheesesteak pizza and the stuffed shells and a side of meatballs also a cheesecake to go. Well to start, the pizza dough was tough and cheesesteak was burnt on various areas of the pizza. The pasta shells for the stuffed shells and the meatballs were dry and the cheesecake had the consistency of a nice dense cheesecake however it had no flavor. This is probably one of the biggest disappointments I've had an an eatery. Not one of our items that we ordered were up to standard. It was the first time and probably be the last time we visit this restaurant. Btw, it cost me $42 for this experience. I should've went to McDonald's for a McRib
5	Awesome pizza! So fresh and so darn good. The spinach pesto mushroom feta sausage pine nut pie is ridiculous.  I got wings too. I love being fat. They were some of the best i ever had. Anywhere.  Service was prompt and super friendly.Price is right too. Go here now
5	First I want to start off by saying their customer service is outstanding. And the deliver driver was seriously the best one I've ever come in contact with!The food was great!! I suggest not ordering fries for delivery, they were good (and I'd imagine they'd be excellent if ordered dinning in) but you know how fries get soggy after a while. The pizza was great, finally someone that understands the term of LIGHT sauce and or topping. They also threw in a tester of their garlic knots which I  now upset I didn't order cause they are amazing! I will def. be back!
5	Very happy with their pizza.  It's my favorite in the city.  The staff is nice and they know what they're doing.  The owner is also very nice.
2	The server/cashier was pleasant but had dirt under his nails.  Was very turned off when he handed me the food.  They keep slices in the back so you cant see them which with slices I like to see to know how fresh they are. The slices weren't great either.
5	Great pizza joint! Cashier was extremely helpful and knowledgeable about the menu. The atmosphere is pretty 'Northern pizzeria.' Pizza has both visual and taste appeal.
5	Some of the best pizza I've ever had! The staff was super friendly and had great recommendations. The Pueblo pizza was delicious!
