4	The environment is nice and the treatment is skillful. My foot pain is gone and my whole body is quite relaxed.  i would recommend it to everyone.
1	This place is horrible I went for a massage and have been in pain since. I had a guy do the massage and he was way to ruff and I been hurting for almost a week. I left felling worse then when I went in!!!! I will never give them my money again.. I paid to get my A$$ beat is how I feel!!!
5	I went on a Sunday and it wasn't horribly busy.  There was a bit of language barrier however $25.00 for an hour foot and back massage isn't bad.  I went in with chronic foot pain and have felt better since.  Now I go every couple weeks.Note: the older guy is a little rough but I'm big guy so it works on my knots.
1	This was the worst experience I've ever had in a massage business.  Maybe I was uninformed but I thought that massages were supposed to feel good.  It was just painful!  I feel stupid for going through with the full hour.  Also the guy that massaged me was sick and coughing and sniffling.  Then to top it all off, the cashier, who was not very polite or engaging actually asked me write on the tip line of the receipt!!! I wrote a zero on it. She said "no good?"  I almost got ghetto on her. Instead I just said HE IS SICK and walked out.  I would not recommend this place.  Steer clear!!!!!
4	After reading all of the reviews I was a little worried in going here. It was a little ruff but all I had to say is a little lighter. It was a very good massage. I have a lot of massages at this was one of the best ones, especially for the price. If you are like my mother where she does not want to undress for a massage, I would for sure go here.
4	I just visited footcare massage for the first time with Amy. This is definitely a no frills massage spot but for $25 for an hour it was a good massage!  Here are some tips/warning:1. They do not do a pre-consultation, so if you have any areas you do not want them to massage you need to make sure you tell them. 2,  Their massage technique is different than a relaxing gentle Swedish massage. They go at it, and they go at it hard. The technique is more aggressive and rapid paced. If you enjoy a deep muscle massage, then you will enjoy this inexpensive massage spot. 3.  You leave your clothes on, and the rooms are semi private because you can hear the conversation in the next room. Overall this though give you a deep tissue massage at a great price. I enjoy a deep tissue massage, but I will not lie there were a few moments when this hurt. But not enough to prevent me from going again and recommending it.
