4	Located inside the Las Vegas airport, 360 Gourmet Burrito is refreshing. One of the worst things in the world about traveling is the lack of decent, healthy food in airports. There is nothing worse than getting off an ugly early morning flight covered with that airport funk feeling, and having to choose between McDonald's and Chili's Express for lunch. Luckily, in Vegas you have options. At least in the C gates (I think).The menu is very unique and has lots of options - asian, curry, mexican, meat, really the combinations are endless. The staff was refreshingly (for an airport) friendly, and helpful. When I tried to order a curry veggie wrap, the guy actually said he wouldn't recommend it because it would be soggy - go with the burrito instead. I listened to his advice and was glad - the wrap was amazing, and I was stuffed, ready to take a nap on my second flight. If you have a layover, it is worth it to search this place out, believe me.
3	Good burritos. I chose the chicken, Cajun style. Definitely a spicy one, my lips were burning on top of the sunburn I got here in Vegas.It is off at the end of one of the 'B' gate terminals but worth the walk if you're in B or C.The help could have been a little more friendly. Otherwise, for airport options, this is probably a good choice.
1	Since this is apparently owned by Baja Fresh, how could I go wrong? Trust me, this one was VERY wrong.I would give this one NO stars, but Yelp won't let me.BEWARE the nachos. These people should be investigated for false advertising. The menu says the nachos have cheese. Yeah. And the Pope bows down five times a day facing Mecca to pray. It's not even close to a cheese sauce. It's some hydrogenated oil based abomination guaranteed to produce heartburn. Why waste decent (not great but at least decent) black beans and guacamole on this?Why waste your money on this? Even though it is less than $10 for the nachos, they were very over priced for the "quality" so I gave the 2$ rating.I spoke to fellow passengers who had come in, seen my "nachos" and decided to walk to the far end of the airport to Pizza Hut. At least they were happy with their choice for lunch.
5	5 stars for this place based on its location - in an airport.  Compared to anything else available at McCarran (and virtually any other airport, for that matter), this place really lives up to the adjective in its name.You know you picked the right refueling station when you walk into the restaurant and smell the closest thing to ambrosia i can imagine - garlic and onions being freshly sauteed.  This is the best part of the place.  Everything tastes like it was cooked to order instead of assembled to order.The tortillas are chewy and fresh tasting; spanish rice is deliciously seasoned.  There's a variety of interesting flavors - curry, cajun, lemon-garlic - and a wealth of vegetables - spinach, mushrooms, peppers, onions, tomatos.Salsa bar gets the job done.The only knock on this place is that it isn't open 24 hours.
3	A surprising little find at McCarran International  when I was agonizing over waking up at 4.30 to catch a 7am flight. Tofu breakfast Tacos....yes....not on the menu but ask for it. With a greasy ranchero sauce and a flour burrito wrapped around the grilled soft tofu this was uplifting in the morning. I had cheese on mine (oh my) but you could easily veganize this without. I thought that was as lucky as I could have gotten...and then I tried their Medium Red Salsa (note: they have a pretty decent salsa bar). Heaven on earth. The combination of the tofu taco and the salsa set the tone for my gastronomical adventure on the trip to come. I also needed a pack of gum right after.Their menu of tacos/burritos/bowls is extensive and there are many veggie options that include tofu. The people working here were very sweet and helpful. Note that the taco I had was rather greasy and I didn't necessarily like that part of it. Considering the airport generally sucks for any meal option for the vegetarian/vegan, 360 definitely helps even out the equilibrium. In relation to other airport establishments I'd give 360 a 5 star review. But in relation to other restaurants, 360 would have to get a 3. I have to say that my tofu breakfast taco with a Caramel Macchiato from Starbucks made this flight a lot more bearable. (360 is located near the B gates - Southwest)
4	I have to give these guys some stars for being the best burrito I have ever had at an airport.  Nice people, speedy service.  I was pleasantly surprised at how much I liked my chicken and artichoke heart burrito.  It was so hot, I had to wait a while before I inhaled it at my gate.  How often can you say that about airport food?
3	Located in McCarran airport, this place was one of the few dining options that looked appetizing. They've got all sorts of burrito combinations consisting of different ingredients and sauces (cajun, Thai, teriyaki, curry, mediterranean). You can also get burrito bowls, salads, wraps, quesadillas, and sandwiches. The steak and prawns burrito I ordered was decent. There was plenty of juicy, well flavored steak, but the prawns were tiny and rubbery. As with all airport dining options, prepare to pay up the wazoo for something that should cost half as much as they charge.
4	Well, the staff could be friendlier, but what do you expect from an airport, primarily to-go food, in Vegas later in the evening, right?  Look, it's an AIRPORT.  And a not-so-new one on top of that.  Food is pricier than outside the airport in general.  They won't have the best staff in the world (like friggin DUH).  It's in VEGAS, they are serving tons of silly drunk travellers which I'm sure is NOT very fun to deal with.  I usually have really high standards for service and hospitality, but, in this case, I say give them a f*ckin break.Why am I giving them this many stars?  Well, their food was really good.  I expected to pay quite a bit because it's in an airport, and yet, the taste of their burrito actually exceeded my expectations.I ordered a Garlic Lime burrito with prawns, with a bottle of water.  The burrito had a perfect balance of tangy lime and a bit of heat, with Spanish (tomato based ) rice and grilled prawns, all wrapped up, piping hot.  Honestly, I would pay a few extra bucks to eat their burrito over other typical airport food any day.The only thing I wish they had, were more fresh/healthy side selections.  I would have loved to tack on a little side salad or a fruit bowl to my order but I didn't see any.  But still, I didn't feel too guilty about my food choice, especially compared to Mega-Chain junk food places also stationed in this airport.Hence, my first experience at 360 Gourmet Burrito results in a pretty happy 4 stars.  Will totally buy food from them again the next time I am stopping by this airport.
2	Made a huge mistake and went to the airport hungry.....damn.  Since I was stuck at the airport, I decided to try a new place.  My flight was out of gate B-12 and there is a 360 Gourmet Burrito joint that I've spotted here in the past....so I went for it.  There was no line and the menu is pretty large with a lot of options.The lady working the register kept asking me for my order even after I told her I needed a few minutes to review the menu.  I decided on a Steak Burrito (Steak, Rice, Beans, Cheese, Lettuce, $6.99) and blurted it out......before I could say anything else, a guy handed me a Burrito....wow, that was fast!  I also ordered a bottle of Water ($2.99) and a bag of Jalapeno Chips ($1.99).The Burrito was small....about 1/2 the size of a Chipotle or Q'doba Burrito.....and it is very Bland.  The Beans had no flavor.  Additionally, there's no Salsa on it.....and there is no Salsa Bar.  WTH?  I looked up at the menu and saw that Salsa is $.99 extra.  Dammit, nobody told me this.  Actually, for extra cash you could get Guacomole ($1.25), Sour Cream ($.99), or Salsa ($.99) in your Burrito...or bundle them all together for an additonal $2.99...what?!!  That would have made this tiny Burrito $9.98, no freakin' way!  Glad I didn't see that.Anyway, it was a complete waste of money and calories.  Save yourself and don't stop here if you're at McCarran Airport.Will I return?  No!
2	What was in the green salsa that gave it a nail polish remover after taste? The tortilla chips were ok. Not that this 2-star review will do any good, this place is located at the Southwest Terminal at McCarran, they'll get business no matter what.
2	Of course, within an airport, all the prices are inflated, especially this place. They don't even have water for you. At least when I asked for water, they handed me a cup. They said that the water is located outside in a water fountain. Who doesn't provide water at their restaurant? I had their chips and salsa as a snack. It was okay, but after getting the chips and salsa combo, I realized I paid for the salsa that I could have gotten free at their little salsa stand behind me. Oh well. I do not know whether they have multiple locations at McCarran, but the one I went to was located in Terminal B.
1	Most disgusting food ever! Meat is bland, guacamole tastes gross and the place looks dirty! Their is nothing gourmet about this place, yuck! Oh and to top it off the staff is rude.
2	I was doing the low carb thing and was struggling to find suitable food at our airport. The burrito bowl at 360 *seemed* like a decent option. The prices were ridiculous, but I'm ok with this at an airport. I was bummed the food was so awful, however. The meat was tasteless, the toppings were bland, and overall it was very sad. I enjoy dishes like this at Cafe Rio, Chipotle, or Zabas but this place was far, far worse. You expect bad food at the airport but even for airport food this was disappointing.
1	This place was so awful.  The husband and I had a layover in Vegas.  Luckily, we were indecisive and decided to split a burrito from here and then decide if was worth another $9 burrito.  For such high cost, I'd expect Chipotle sized, but it was not at all.  We ordered a thai burrito and it was so disappointing.  The staff was not friendly and they charge for everything.  Pretty much if it's not listed in your burrito, they're going to charge for it - even common things like sour cream or cheese.  Pretty much, unless this your only option for food, save yourself and go somewhere else.
1	awful.  even for a stranded, hungry airport captive.ordered the steak thai wrap.  3 bites into it, had to toss it. Still, stayed with me for 4 very uncomfortable hours. Who knows what I ingested but it was not something humans should consume--even on a bet.hold your appetite for a joint that won't make you regret what you eat.
2	Bullet point summary:- Prices are not terribly expensive for airport food- Don't expect great service. Remember, it's airport fast food- Chicken based burritos are awful here. - Tofu veggie burrito and shrimp burrito are better, get those- Small. Chipotle has spoiled us all. This is a "normal" sized burrito which is about 70% of the size of a Chipotle one- Pre ready and packed salsas are nice to grab quickly. But, there is a catch: they all are terrible. Remember also that this airport has so few decent food options that relative to others, so I cannot say "avoid, go elsewhere" since the going elsewhere is actually pretty hard to do.Overall, not terrible, not good, so 2 stars.
1	If I could give this place no stars, I would. It is located inside the airport and I was desperate for food before my flight back home.  I knew food would not be served on my flight and I didn't have time for breakfast before heading to the airport.  Once I got to my gate, I didn't see any other close options and I like burritos so I went for it.Yuck, yuck, yuck!  The chicken burrito I ordered had rice, beans, and no flavor.  Even adding their salsas to the burrito could not save it.  I have no idea what process they use to remove flavor from food, but they should stop it.I paid $12 for this thing plus a drink, which isn't a bad price considering I was trapped in an airport, but I felt ripped off after tasting it.  I ended up throwing the burrito away.  At least my Diet Coke was good.Maybe Chipotle, Freebirds, Mission Burrito and any other restaurant that sells a burrito has spoiled me.  Maybe the quality is better at locations not in the airport.  Maybe they should all be shut down.  I don't know.  I just know I will never eat at any 360 Gourmet Burrito again.  I would suggest looking for another place at the airport to eat, or just starve.
4	A nice alternative to the sub-standard fare usually found at airports, but only if you break my cardinal rule about ordering what is in the name of the establishment (burritos in this case). I opted for the grilled chicken burrito bowl with teriyaki sauce, jasmine rice and vegetables. For airport food, this place gets very high marks.
1	The burrito I had was way too expensive, small, and bland. If you like burritos, don't get one here.
1	DO NOT EAT HEREI wish I could give negative starsMy boyfriend and I both got food poisoning, we ate there 11/28/11. The only thing our meals had in common was the beans. I also reported it with the southern las vegas health board.Ew.& I'm not even going to waste my time talking about the service. The girl working the register was super rude.
1	Impossibly bad food. Airport food at a new low.
1	It was around 6:30 on a Friday when my husband was trying to find something quick to get just before our plane was going to board.  This place was close to our gate and had a vegetarian option.  Normally, we enjoy Mexican food and I find it pretty hard to screw up.  Until we got a veggie burrito from here, that is.They were getting ready to close (who closes at 6:30?), so maybe that had something to do with it.  The burrito had some kind of off peanut buttery taste to it, and despite the fact that I was starving, I managed to only eat a couple bites before giving up.I would say no to this place, unless your super pressed for time and ready to pass out from hunger.
1	The worst burrito I have ever eaten. Like others have previously said, the burrito I had (steak) had no flavor. The steak was at the bottom of the burrito so most of the burrito I ate consisted of beans and rice. I found it interesting they charged extra for cheese as seeing that's a core ingredient in a burrito. I didn't experience any rudeness from the staff so that's what earns the 1 star. Other than that, I'd avoid this place all together. I just wish I had checked Yelp before ordering this mess.
1	One word: AVOID. Zero Stars if possible.  For what I spent, I could have had a real gourmet sandwich or salad at Wolfgang Puck's cart!  $9 for a salad of a handful of lettuce (I asked to more and the guy grudgingly gave me a few more pieces of the iceberg lettuce with an admonition that he really wasn't supposed to give me more!), and a sprinkling of chopped over-cooked chicken. Thank goodness there was a bit of rice and black beans underneath otherwise the order would have been really dry!  There are plenty of other places in the airport with better food and service than this dirty burrito place. Note to self: don't expect great service or people working in Las Vegas, esp at the airport.
1	Worst steak burrito, ever.  Worst $9 spent. Barely any meat. All I tasted was the tortilla. The meat was dry, but what can you expect from an airport restaurant? I should have ate burger king. Yuck.
4	Not sure why the so cruddy reviews.. I got the beef bowl (a burrito without the tortilla) doused it with hot green sauce and was happy as a clam.. Service was quick and I left with a smile..
1	I've eaten a lot of burritos in my day. That was hands down the worst yet.   Shameful
3	The dining experience at 360 Gourmet Burrito was a total 180 compared to the previous 1 star reviews.  The lady cashier was very kind processing my order and to no surprised either as I could tell she was from the Philippines were courtesy and kindness is the norm.  The excellent service continue as I only waited a minute or two for my Thai wrap.When comparing their burrito to Chiptole's, the 360 burrito has a lengthier tortilla flour wrap; however, there was an abundant amount of ingredients such as rice, shredded lettuce, and chicken.  The chicken was cooked well, e.g. not raw nor overly cooked.  The peanut sauce was slightly present inside the burrito. It definitely could have used more sauce or even a separate container of sauce to dip the burrito.The Thai wrap was enjoyable to eat and fulfilled the job to hold me from starving during a 4.5 hour flight.  Perhaps 360 GB could enhance the Thai wrap's flavor by adding bean sprouts, cilantro, and/or daikon.  If that day comes I'll increase my rating to 4 stars.
2	All you need to know is DRIED AND BLAND. My burrito tasted like cardboard. If you've placed cardboard in your mouth, you know what I mean. Texture was similar too. Oh and they forgot my order. I stood there for 10 mins then someone realized I didn't have my order.
1	It was horrible! I ordered a classic steak burrito and it was the worst I've had in my life!  The meat was so dry and burnt it was crunchy... I can still taste the bitter burnt meat 15 mins after I threw it away... Never going there again.If I had enough time to complain I would have... Unfortunately my flight was here...
1	Worst breakfast burrito I've ever had. It was dry and tasteless even after drenching it with sauce. Better off going across the hall to Einstein's.
1	The food is horrible. I had a wheat breakfast burrito and could only eat a couple of bites. Had to stop because it felt like powder eggs, old cheese and stale tortilla. The only thing good was quick serviceand a salsa bar. Don't fall for the clean look and display, a greasy diner would at least taste better. Einstein bros bagel right next to it, trust name brands while traveling.
2	I would like to say that this was good, because the service was much friendlier than I ever experience at airport foodservice outlets, but the breakfast burrito this morning was a real letdown. The biggest issue was the temperature of the eggs and sausage (held on a steam table before building the burrito) were lukewarm, and so, when we got our food, the whole burrito was lukewarm and unappetizing. Again, though, I must say that the ladies behind the counter (one Filipina and one African American) were both all smiles and friendly, even though they were obviously stuck in the breakfast rush of a bunch of businessmen trying to make flights...
2	Um. Ew. I know airport food is supposed to be overpriced and still suck, but this was just plain bad. Luckily I was so famished that the bloated feeling I had afterward was oddly welcome. But while eating my burrito, everything about it was just bland. No taste to it at all, even after dumping an entire cup of the "hot" green salsa on it. The green salsa isn't hot at all and mild at best. I'd say try to look for something else, although I think in this airport you'd be finding a diamond in the rough. Maybe just stick to the known chains or pizza.Positive note, the female cashier was nice?
1	I should have eaten my money instead. It would have had more flavor and been more satisfying.
1	I wish I yelped this before I actually bought my food =\.. I had the chicken artichoke mushroom. Artichoke was tasty and you cant really mess up cooking mushroom, but the chicken was so bland and dryyy ! Definitely not worth the +$8, save your money and just wait for the peanuts and snacks on the plane !
3	This is a pretty decent place to get a vegan option in the B-Gates at McCarran.  I found this by accident after reading my boarding pass wrong (score! although I knew of its existence from Sangeetha's review.)  Anyway, you can get tofu in your tacos, burrito, salad, whatever.  Mix veggies are also an option.  I got a black bean and rice burrito with tofu.  It was small and crazy overpriced at ~$9, but it was perfectly fine tasting, especially after adding their hot green salsa.  Definitely check it out if you're in need of some vegan friendly protein!
3	Coming back after a fun & indulgent weekend in Vegas, we hit the airport in time for an early dinner.  Running so late in town, we didn't have time to get something delish to-go & were left w/ only airport offeringsEnter 360 Gourmet BurritoSince the airport is going through a MAJOR rehaul, the Southwest Terminal is like a ghost town & literally 2 min after we exited the place at something ridiculous like 6pm, they closed.....guess everyone traveling on later flights will just have to go hungry b/c there's NOTHING else around, unless you want a pretzelBF & I got the burrito w/ spicy thai sauce & tofu - just a standard rice, beans & cheese burrito w/ teeny cubes of tofu & a non-spicy, spicy sauce - in fact, I'd go so far to say it was bland.  Overall, the burrito was okay & it was filling but we weren't all that impressed - more like meh, okay..... & I was hating myself for trying something all fru-fru when I know I like my burritos to be the classic RBC.  But I always seem to get sucked into those "gourmet" menu items!  Darn it!Next time will stick to the basics & get the Rice, Beans, & Cheese'Cause, yeah, we'd probably go back if found in the same situation & not lucky enough to be flying out of the Virgin Terminal - where all the tasty fast food options are located
3	This place was really busy when I was at the airport.  I needed a quick bite to eat before flying home and their menu had a good variety of items especially because I was on a diet.I ordered a shrimp burrito with veggies, it was actually pretty good.  Ingredients were freshly cooked, which took a bit longer than I expected but it was worth the wait.Prices are reasonable for the airport.  Service was okay.  It did take them 20 minutes however to get customers napkins!
1	The last time I gave this place a try, the food sucked and I gave it 2 Stars.  On a recent Vegas trip my flight was at a gate nearby and I decided to give them another chance.  This time around, the food still sucked, but the employees are even worse.  Here's what happened....I ordered the following items:Bean, Rice, Cheese Burrito $6.99Bottle of Diet Pepsi $3.19Since I had a backpack and other stuff in my hand, I forgot the bottle of Diet Pepsi at the counter after I paid for the meal.  I went to the counter to get settled in a spot to eat and get napkins, utensils, etc.  5 minutes later, they called my number for my Burrito....I was starving, so I started to eat it.  After a few bites, I noticed that I didn't have my soda....where was it?  I looked around, went back to the counter.....the employees looked at me but didn't say anything.  I walked around again looking for it....then I said to the girl cashier "I think I left my Soda somewhere, have you seen it?"  She said "No" then looked at one of the guys and said something in Spanish to him.  He said, "Oh, I think I have it.  I found it on the counter".  I watched as he reached into his backpack and gave it back to me.....WTF?!  I think they do this all the time, watch for people to leave stuff behind and then take it.  The appalling thing is that I was still in the restaurant!  I didn't say anything to them...it would've done no good anyway.  Once a thief, always a thief.That does it for me, I will never eat here again.Return Factor - 0%
1	If you could give zero stars, this place would have earned it.  Don't be fooled by the gourmet pricing... The $8 tacos consisted of dry flour tortillas with a few chunks of chicken jerky and a small scrap of lettuce. No sauce, no cheese, no flavor.  Burrito much the same. If presented with no other options, do yourself a favor and eat the wad of cash instead.
2	I had a layover and needed to grab and low carb bite.  Wasn't a lot of selection at the airport until  I ran into this place.  INitially I thought it was comparable to Chipotle...boy was I wrong...They offer more options but the quality and quantity failed.  I ordered the salad bowl with steak (garlic lime dressing) and added guacamole.  The food was prepped fast.  My first biggest disappointment was the size.  For over $8.00, it came in a tiny bowl.  The steaks were really small.  My guac (whiched I paid extra for)  actually took up most of the top.  The dressing flavor was good.  Just wished it was a bigger portion.
1	For a place that has the word "burrito" in the name, you'd think the burritos were actually tasty....not the case.  However, I must preface this review by saying I've only tried one burrito here.I was crunched for time at the airport, hungry and 360 Gourmet Burrito was literally next to my gate.  I originally wanted the rice, bean & cheese burrito, but was told they were out of beans. Hmmm, really? A burrito place that's out of beans pretty early in the afternoon? Ok.  So, I decided to be adventurous and try the Thai Burrito.  It was carrots, jasmine rice & spicy peanut sauce with my choice of protein (I opted for tofu).  It also had grilled peppers and onions.After paying $12 for a burrito and a drink, I was optimistic that it would be a nice taste-bud deviation from the standard burrito.  After one bite, I was HUGELY disappointed! The entire burrito was completely overwhelmed with the sauce, which didn't taste a thing like peanuts, but a lot like crushed red pepper. You couldn't appreciate any of the flavors of the other ingredients.  Truly a let down.  I managed 3 bites because I was really trying to like it, but it didn't happen.  It ended up in the garbage and I got on my plane still hungry. In my experience, anytime the word "gourmet" is used in a restaurant name or to describe a food item, run fast and run hard! I just want food.  Food that is tasty and food that satisfies.  Next time I'm at the Vegas airport, I'll seek out other food options, this place is not getting my business again!
1	Let's be honest, I was probably asking for it when I didn't bother to check Yelp before eating at this place. I got a Garlic Lime Steak Burrito Bowl and it was one of the worst things that I've had in my life. It SEVERELY lacked flavor to the point where everything kind of just tasted like a pile of mush with beans drowning all the odd flavors out. For something that's "gourmet" and more expensive than chipotle I expected it to at least match it... Nope, the portions were small and the food was borderline disgusting. Garlic lime is just a sauce that they drizzle on the food...contrary to what their menu advertises. Do yourself a favor and just go eat at Einstein bros like I should have.
1	360 Gourmet Burrito is not a bad chain, but this location is awful. Pretty much any on-airport alternative would be better. Unfortunately, the B9-B15 gate area has only two options, this and Einstein Bagels, and neither has anywhere to sit and eat. 360 has some uncomfortable standing positions only.  I ordered a quesadilla with cheese, guacamole,  and steak. What was served to me was a grilled, nearly-burnt tortilla with cheese and a little steak folded into it. No seasonings (the quesadilla is supposed to have tomato, oregano, cilantro, red onion, diced garlic & jalapenos, but all had been omitted. As was the guacamole, for which I had paid extra, and the salsa. And weirdly, it was served in a bowl.  I took it away to try to find somewhere to eat, and only then realized what I had received. Took it back, was given a tiny condiment cup of guacamole and one of salsa. The cashier was completely distracted and got the order wrong, and had trouble making $12.07 change from a $20.  The cook apparently did not know how to make the menu item.  I had about 1/4 of the "quesadilla" and threw the rest away. If I could give 0 stars, this place deserves it. There's a nice Mexican place in the C gates (Jose Cuervo Tequileria) as well as Pei Wei Asian diner. I have had good meals at both.  But avoid this place at all costs.  I will be writing 360's corporate office to tell them that their chain is very badly represented at LAS.
1	How do you mess up a breakfast quesadilla? Cheese, scrambled eggs, and sausage in a tortilla... Sounds easy enough but somehow it tasted soooooo disgusting. Totally not worth the $7.
2	I should have gotten a discount for the $3.19 for a bottle of water since I waited for the young staff of five behind the counter to stop talking smack about their so-called friends before I was acknowledged. Just passing through...
1	360, yeah you really got it twisted with the name. The place is 360 and nothing about it is gourmet, more like 360 Garbage. Roberto's needs to open a place in this airport and fast. Please!!!!!
1	It's hard to explain how dumb people can be in real life until u experience them. I asked for a sample of beef and they said they don't have any. When I said it says carne asada in the menu they said "oh" and gave me a sample. I'm so glad I asked because it tasted like a beef jerky with no seasoning.I will laugh at you if you come here and support these stoners.
1	Worst burrito ever.  Also, they don't even have salsa.
3	Is anybody ever REALLY excited about being stuck eating airport food?  The options are extremely limited, most are unhealthy, and the prices are always significantly higher than you'd find elsewhere with a significantly lower quality of food served.So imagine my surprise when I discovered a 360 Gourmet Burrito shop during a recent 2 hour layover at the McCarran International Airport in Las Vegas, Nevada.  I'd actually eaten at a 360 Gourmet Burrito restaurant in San Ramon, California (Near San Francisco) and really enjoyed to food there, so I entered this restaurant with high hopes  in spite of their two star Yelp rating with over 60 reviews which would normally have caused me to steer clear.I decided to switch it up and try one of their bowls, and chose the curry bowl with steak that comes sauteed with veggies over rice.  I can't say that it was the best curry bowl I've ever had, but it was still far better than a lot of airport food I've endured.  The steak was not overcooked, the rice was fresh, not starting to dry as if it had been sitting around, and the quantity given was decent.  It was far better than fast food would have been, yet not quite up to my memory of the other 360 Gourmet Burrito location I visited.  All in all, I don't regret having eaten here and would probably do it again if stuck on another layover here.  Better than your average fast airport food.  There wasn't really anywhere inside you could sit down to eat your food, but my plan was to take it back to the gate to eat so that wasn't really an issue for me.
1	What a waste of time.. Twice the price of similar restaurants, half the portion size, and tastes average at best. Will NEVER be back.
2	Missed opportunity.The food is ok but the restaurant, located here in terminal B at the airport seems to be run without management.  The employees, while friendly, are horribly disorganized and inefficient.  Get a good Chipotle or Starbucks manager in here and it's a winner.
1	We were in Vegas this weekend and as we waited for our flight home to SD...we browsed through the food options in concourse B and found 360 Burrito. We actually didn't eat here. We checked out the menu through the window and it seemed great. Different, fresh, healthy! However while observing the kitchen and employees, we saw how unorganized and unsanitary it was!!!! It was horrible! In the 5 minutes we stood there...the female cook (with tattoo on neck and red glasses) although did have gloves on, kept touching her face to straighten up her glasses. Then continued to wrap burritos. Then she went to the corner (next to door that leads to storage room, it seemed) and munched on some food. Then went straight back into the kitchen, while still chewing and grabbed some tortillas to put on the grill!!!! Disgusting!!! All of this in front of tons of customers! Makes we wonder if Vegas has any health inspectors! Or if this place even has a manager!!! I only gave this restaurant 1 star for the concept! Great idea, that's all!
1	Terrible service, terrible food, terrible prices. Don't waste your time, money, or energy on this location.
3	Located within the B terminal.  I ordered the 360 chicken burrito, with rice, lettuce and beans.  At 9.49, I was surprised the cheese and sour cream were extra, so I charged on without them.   The size was good, she had so heft to her.  It was just a little dry, but not bad.  It's the airport so for some reason it's ok so stuff to be sub par, if your hungry you could do worse.  Even being dry, it seems like the ingredients were fresh at least, you could do allot worse.
