5	First time trying this salon and I was highly impressed! Stylists and staff were extremely friendly and took there time making sure my children came out looking beautiful! I have 4 children age 7 and under and they had iPad games, movies, and toys to keep them all entertained while waiting for there turn. They have a frequent visit card where your 10th cut is free and they do little girl makeovers with makeup, hairstyle, etc that would be great for any little princesses birthday party or special event!We will definitely be back!
5	Such a fun salon for kids. Our stylist Mira was so nice, patient and friendly.  We are definitely come here from now on.
5	I took my son here for his first hair cut and the staff was amazing!! They took great care of him and did everything to keep him distracted during his cut!  They have a tv playing a movie so the child can watch while they get their hair cut and even go so far to ask what their favorite movie is, and will change it to make sure the child is enjoying their experience! I will definitely be going back!
5	I went there first time as a walk in. My son is 14 months old and is very fussy about haircut. He doesn't let anyone even brush his hair let alone cut it. Our hair stylist was amazingly patient. And the lady at the reception (sorry I was too nervous to get their names) blew bubbles to keep my son entertained. He did cry a bit but not as bad as I thought. After I couldn't handle his crying, I asked the stylist if she could stop. She did and the lady at the front said if I changed my mind and wanted to perfect the cut I could come within the next two days and get it done for free. They both were so calm, patient and now my son looks so handsome with his haircut! I will go there again.
5	They have the best service for children!! They kept my two kids entertained and they loved their new cuts! They cannot wait to show it off... We will be back next month!
5	Love this place! Took my daughter to get her first hair cut. Super cute shop. Had toys and movies for the kids to watch. Not to mention the awesome cars they get to sit in while getting their hair cut! Friendly staff as well:) we will be back!
5	We just took our son to get his first haircut. They were friendly, quick and did a great job. Plus he was a moving target :-) we will be back despite the 25 minute drive from Sunmerlin.
5	This is a great place for kids haircuts.  The staff is really friendly and the place has plenty of things to keep the kids entertained while they are getting a hair cut.  I highly recommend this place for the young kids.  My son loves the Lightning McQueen and mini fiat cars!  They also sell wonderful items for kids.
5	This place is great! took my 2 year old for his first haircut and I was pleasantly surprised by how wonderful these ladies are. they are great at their job. I work with kids myself but these ladies have the patience of saints!! They do a wonderful job and the salon itself is clean, and so fun for kids. I wont take my son any where else! I think my husband is jealous the kids gets to play xbox while getting a hair cut!! Awesome place! They also do salon services for birthday or little girls who want to get pampered! Its adorable!!
