4	Another great restaurant by the people that own and operate Joe Beef. Again, expect massive portions in a tiny setting...reservations are a must!
5	Wonderfull spot, with a full menu (on chalkboard) of fresh dishes perfectly prepared. A great spot to enjoy dinner with your loved one or a couple friends over a good bottle of wine (great wine list albeit a bit pricey).Watch out for crowds even during the week as this place is always packed.Well done!Bon appetit.
4	Loved that restaurant! Wasn't too sure about going to that neighborhood but was convinced by my good friend. Well what a surprise!This place is charming, old house feel, cozy, warm and so casual yet fancy. The staff is wonderful, we started at the bar with some fresh oysters and beer (I had a rose) and we sat at the best table (according to my taste). We were facing the chalkboard so we had direct access to the menu while seating. We did have to get up to check out the wine list chalkboard but it was okay. We had "hareng fume", Beets, and I forget!! We ordered SO much food! It was delicious and very different from any other place, they have their own unique genre. Samia was our server and she was absolutely wonderful, smiling, happy and full or recommendation. It was a great experience and I would go back anytime....but this time to sit at the bar, my fav always!! Yay! I'm a fan!!
5	Ten years ago the most likely thing to get stabbed by a fork in this part of town was not a beautiful piece of veal.The place screams gentrification.  In a good way.  It's high quality food and drink, but served in a way that makes you think that you're actually involved somehow in the preparation of the product.   The whole thing feels kinda adventurous.   The whole thing feels authentic.  You are the hipster hero.The warm decor.  The awesome staff.  The beautiful room.  The great bar.You don't only feel cooler after eating here, you quite actually ARE cooler after eating here.  It's a pricey restaurant that strives to appear accessible.    The neighborhood locals don't eat here because apparently the owner's a dick.... but that's all most likely part of the program.The bottom line.  It's truly an excellent place for dinner.    Currently one of the best restaurants in a place known for truly outstanding restaurants.
5	Amazing lobster pasta even if you don't like lobster. So good.
1	They definitely think they are hot shit, it's one of those "see and be seen places".  I was tempted to fart real loudly just to bring it back down to planet earth.
5	Amazing, amazing, amazing. After two weeks of foodie frenzy in Montreal,  I am certain this is the best all around restaurant in the city. Perfect service, incredible food, cool yet unaffected vibe. A must for anyone who is serious about food.
4	As a new yorker I was a little concerned that this would be a hipster magnet with all the attitude and ennui to match (call during off hours, the vmail is hilarious), but it seems montreal raises its hipsters a little different than we do. the service is by far some of the best and most attentive i've ever known. The people aren't polite, they are authentically pleasant. Saimi, our waitress, looked like she stepped out of one of those D&G ads for light blue, which i assumed would mean attitude galore. But her demeanor was so freaking awesome, she eventually picked out our menu for the evening and put us onto Olive & Gourmando for brunch the next day (a super awesome choice) as well as recommendations for nuit blanche, which we were visiting for anyway.The host, equally awesome, his name escapes me, served us drinks and was super accommodating. I wouldn't say the place is good for kids, but they didn't turn their nose up once to us having our seven year old in tow, the opposite is usually true.The food was good. The menus are on the wall and change constantly. I gave up early and simply asked for recommendations, and every dish was enjoyed. Again, they serve a solid menu, offer a strong wine selection but the service was the stand out, and was simply excellent, and that's saying a lot.
2	Dear Foodies,We need to talk. I am fed up, really FED UP about these star chefs in Montreal getting all this glory and the royal treatment for cooking homefood. If I want to eat homefood, I'll cook at home and will probably do better work of it that these guys.This brings me to Liverpool House. So loved and adored, even Anthony Bourdain gushes like a tingly teenage girl at a Justin Bieber concert over the chef at Liverpool House. But I have only one question about that.... WHY?The restaurant looks pretty cool and homey, a place where you feel comfortable burning away the time, boozing and eating. There is no menu; the writing is on the wall... literally ON THE WALL. The quality of service is impeccable. The place as a whole is very welcoming, except for the noise, lotsa noise. Even if we removed the table next to us, populated by none other than Liberal MP Justin Trudeau, his lovely wife and his posse screaming and laughing like annoying 14 year olds at a McDonald's it would still be extremely noisy. But seriously this is about the food right? Yeah about that.They have a decent menu considering the menu gets an once-over pretty regularly. As starters there was Oysters, Fried Pig Tails, Rabbit sausage and over course the ubiquitous Foie Gras plate. I had the Foie Gras of course. As a voracious Foie Gras eater, I can't resist the offering when it emerges. Foie Gras is a complicated love affair. It can make or break the whole experience, the better the execution, the further downhill the experience can go. And this was no exception. The chef basically re-invented the Egg McMuffin with Sausage using high end ingredients. I was offered a breakfast sammich made of some bread, firm and unyielding, some aged cheddar (me thinks) and Foie Gras... a big tasty, fatty, delicious pile of Foie Gras drizzled with Maple Syrup, topped with a perfectly fried egg. Cutting through it, releasing the egg yolk, mixing with the maple syrup, the fatty goodness of the foie gras... made for what was likely the greatest execution of a foie gras dish I have ever tasted. It was close-your-eyes-tilt-your-head-back-and-going-hmmmmmm good. And once done I gave up all decorum and fingered the remaining goo of yolk, maple syrup and fat off my plate. Then came the main. How the mighty have fallen. All the dishes ordered looked less than ordinary. The fish, the lobster spag, the ribs and even my plate of rabit and risotto. I find that rabbit is best served braised. To roast a bunny is to take many chances of it being dry... and dry it was. Dry enough for me to gulp down 4 glasses of water in a row. Was it good? Yeah but way freaking dry. I had to stop eating it. But that was just adding insult to injury. Let's talk risotto. The way I understand it, risotto is to be a creamy rich unctuous rice affair. The rice should be a starchy rice, a heavy rice, not a jasmine rice and oh did I mention creamy, rich and unctuous? This risotto was none of that. The frame of reference I'm talking here is Uncle Ben's precooked instant rice meals you get out of a plastic pouch which you nuke in the microwave. There were no ingredients that I could identify here that belonged in a risotto, I mean even the rice was wrong. I've never made a risotto myself but I bet I could have executed one with far greater success. The whole dish was an epic and massive failure.The dessert, a sticky apple bread pudding thingie, was a thorough success in sugary goodness. But again, apples, maple syrup and some lemony sorbet... total win. But it was insufficient to buy back my good favors after the atrocious travesty of a risotto - an Italian would have screamed bloody murder and that dry choke-you preparation of the rabbit was unforgivable. This is especially egregious when a bistro like Via Crescent braises its bunny overnight in a ragout of carrots and celeries and sells it to you for half the price and yet never fails.
5	This spot is a true treat. Although kind of pricey, it's truly worth every penny. Competent staff, food is always amazing and unique dishes. Amazing experience everytime. Reserve now, books up quickly!
3	Went here with my girlfriend, and had a good experience.We only wanted wine by the glass (the wine list here is huge, and takes up a few blackboards on the walls), and was very happy with the service - the waitress asked us our preferences then came back with a few bottles to try, before we decided on what we wanted to actually have. This is something I haven't seen done before, and even though it's only a little thing, it makes a big difference to the experience.The menu itself was interesting, and obviously changes regularly. We started with squid stuffed with lobster - it was good, but I wasn't blown away by it. The seafood here seems to be taken seriously, so I would recommend trying it when coming (I saw someone else eating the oyster plate, and had instant meal-envy). I had the ribs as my main, and they lived up to expectations - the meat was cooked spot-on, the sauce good and thick, and plenty of chips. I didn't expect to have such a meal at a 'gourmet' establishment, but I definitely enjoyed it.For the dessert we had homemade doughnuts and a chocolate brownie. Both were really good (the doughnuts reminded me of Aussie doughnuts - lots of cinnamon), but I think the brownie was the winner.The place itself is warm and cosy, and makes a great 'date venue.' It isn't cheap, but you do get quality service, food, and good atmosphere (if you want cheap, there's a Dilallo Burger down the road!).
1	Well after hear some mixed reviews I decided to try the restaurant myself. I've never felt more neglected my life. I had to ask several times for water and bread. I ordered the supposedly famous lobster spaghetti. I was told it would be 1 and a half pound lobster. all I can say is maybe once it was a pound and a half but not when I got to my plate. and for 49 dollars is well. stay away from this restaurant. it's a rip off .There's so many other great restaurants around montreal.
4	Really enjoyed the clam shooters. First time having clam I was a bit scared. No worries, it worked out well. Our waitress Suzzanne, was an attractive 20-something that knew her food well. Her personality definitely made the meal fun. The blackboard menu was a kind of cool tre-shiek touch, but unfortunately as a dumb American, I don't speak French. However, Suzzanne was helpful to figure out the menu and made some great recommendations.I also went to Garden Manger and thought that was better than this place, but overall, would definitely recommend this place.
4	Liverpool House is a real treat to visit. Owned by the same proprietors of Joe Beef, Liverpool House follows the same tried and true formula: a distinctly Canadian decor--canoes, moose memorabilia, and a woodsy motif with a touch of industrial, mid-century modern-a chalkboard menu, bubbly waitstaff, and freshly prepared food. I have never had anything even remotely bad to eat here and I've always left LH satisfied beyond compare.Liverpool House has much more of an emphasis on seafood than its distinctly 'beefy' Joe Beef counterpart. In fact, the most treasured dish on the menu is the Lobster spaghetti which, while pricey ($50 for the entree), is incredibly tasty and chalked full of significantly sized lobster pieces that have been marinated in a cream-based sauce that can only be described as orgasmic. Sex for the mouth, er, sex for the taste buds is more like it! I also had--albeit a few months ago now--the best salad I have ever had in my life at Liverpool House. It was called the 'salade d'hiver,' which is why I question if it is available all year 'round. But this salad was the freshest, fluffiest, and most satisfying salad I've ever had. period. And I don't 'do' salad. Liverpool is also one of the best spots for oysters west of Le Bremner. The oysters are 'fresh to death,' quite literally, and will impress even the most demanding palate. Now this might just be me but I always find myself making friends with my fellow diners. The cozy environment--and the liberal pours of the waitstaff--makes for an incredibly social dining experience. Les Montrealais and tourists alike will find themselves at home amidst foodies and diners who appreciate some of the best quality foodstuffs in Montreal (and Canada, for that matter). Allez. You must, if you're from out of town as this is a truly authentic Canadian dining experience. But be forewarned, the reason this review is not five stars is because the bills at up quickly at this joint and you'll be hard-pressed to leave without a tab around $150/pp if you order an appetizer, an entree, and a glass of wine.
5	We have been longing to get a reservation here for months, the main problem being that our schedule changes constantly and because of this, we've had to cancel quite a few times. Our best bet for any plans, including dinner, is last minute. Tonight, we finally got everything sorted out and scooped up a last minute 6PM reservation.We arrived for our reservation a few minutes early and were told to come back in a few minutes; they open at 6PM sharp. It would have been nice had we been invited to sit at the bar for the couple of minutes, but the area is interesting enough that we could kill a few just peeking into a few windows. I don't know if I would have taken it as nicely on a winter day, or if it had been raining, as it was, it was a beautiful evening. Once 6PM hit, we walked back in and were directed to a chalkboard full of appetizers and mains. A majority of the tables don't face this board, so as tables arrived, the muddle of people in front of the chalkboard grew. It was kind of nice though, any questions asked about the menu were answered for all of us to hear.Once we were seated (a little challenging as the seating is tightly compressed and we aren't little people) our waiter came over and served us some water and we ordered our drinks: mine was the basil smash (a gin-basil mojito), the BF decided to go big and got the Kentucky cider (lot's o alcohol). Our drinks arrived quite quickly and were gone twice as fast! While waiting for our waiter to come back for our order, I had finally managed to whittle my choices down to the roasted bone marrow with abalone for my appetizer, and the calf liver with smoked meat for my main. My BF was stuck on a "celebration of pork" evening and focused in on the roue de tracteur with squid and pork belly to start and the porchetta with peach glaze as his main. We waited quite a while. The waiter was hustling from table to table. We waited long enough that we got to the point where we were noticing all the little details that a lot of restaurants nit pick about. The table was wobbly, the napkins are actually dishcloths, there is a canoe above our head... etc. We discussed how these details might amplify anything negative about the food, so it's kind of risky... so aloof about the details in the "dining hall" means that everything about your experience is directly tied to the food.After about 10 minutes the waiter arrived and took our order. From that point, everything moved quite quickly. Within 10 minutes the bone marrow dish had arrived, and then, there, suddenly. With the first bite. The restaurant transformed. The details I had picked out earlier, evolved and this became one of the most romantic restaurants I had ever been in. You know, the lights dimmed down, the table was undulating, the canoe, the napkin, it was all beautiful and wonderful. Love.Once the roue de tracteur came out, silently we ate, together, apart, making small conversation and sharing just tiny bits and pieces of our delectable apps.Our waiter returned, cleared our cleaned plates and within minutes, our mains arrived. The porchetta was interesting with the grilled sweet peaches, and a few nuts sprinkled in. I would never have ordered this dish, it is too sweet for me, but as sweet things go, it was good.My dish. The calf liver. Hmm. I am not even sure where to start. I order liver when I am out because I can't make it at home. Not only is liver not enjoyed by my BF, there is the issue with onions, which my BF is allergic to and having liver without onions is like Superman w/o Lois Lane. So, I order liver when I am out. The calf liver came piled high with garnish. There were pickles and crispy fried onion, smoked meat, and smear of mustard, all served on a portion of creamy mashed potatoes. The liver itself was crispy on the outside and sumptuously spongy on the inside. I really enjoyed this contrast of texture, the crispy outside was salty, with a hint of rosemary.Sadly, we didn't have room for dessert. Next time, I would possibly order 2 appetizers and one main to share, have room for dessert and partake in a bottle of wine. I can honestly attest that this was one of the nicest evenings I have had in a while. We can't wait to return!
4	Loved this restaurant!  Couldn't get into Joe Beef so we opted for Liverpool House and were not disappointed at all.  The food was magnificent!  The wait staff was incredible and nice and helpful.  Need a better beer selection though.  Only complaint was that we waited long for our food, so make sure you come with time to spare.  Overall a great experience.
5	What to say?  I was too busy at work to plan my Montreal dining adventures and therefore I was unable to secure a last-minute reservation at the highly recommended Joe Beef. Fortunately for us I was able to secure a late-night reservation at their sister restaurant Liverpool House.We were among one of the last tables of the evening, the service was casual yet impeccable.  The waitstaff was very knowledgeable about both the food and wine choices.  Our sever patiently explained each menu item (menu = in french on a chalkboard) to our 6-top table of tied conference-drunk women with ADHD.  When some of us ordered Oysters on the half shell our waitress graciously brought extra (as one of the amuse items) so that everyone at the table might try some. For an appetizer we consumed a foie gras sandwich nestled between a freshly baked  "English Muffin"  topped with house-cured bacon and local Artisan cheese then drizzled in local Canadian Maple Syrup.   Perhaps one of the best things we've ever eaten (unanimous on this nomination among this group of dining ladies).  Later, in celebration of our foie gras "high" the staff let us dance on an adjacent table as celebration  (note, they joined in the festivities).I pretty much wanted to come here on every remaining night in Montreal or at least try to squeeze a seat for dinner at the bar at Joe Beef.   I will probably brave Montreal in the winter months an have a culinary vacation based on this dinner.  Eat here, just do it, it's awesome !!
5	I almost felt obliged to write about this place. I'm usually very hesitant about giving out a 5-star review to a dining place, just like how i see a box office hit with a healthy take of incredulity. After all it should be very personal experience isn't it? Like some of the other reviewers below, I was bumped from Joe Beef for not having booked in advance, and was made aware of its sister restaurant right next door. My french isn't that good to understand the menu on the blackboard so i studied it by taking a photo and ended up picking the trout with cauliflower souffle. And I was impressed. I mean, when you saw a whole deboned trout presented in its most complete and original shape, you know they are serious about food. I'm not sure how often they change the menu though, and I'm not even saying I made a good choice of food here, because I seriously think you wouldn't go wrong with any selection. In my definition of quality dining, I'm supposed to feel happy when seeing my plate, and can still remain happy throughout the entire course (a side note, I was eating alone at the bar, which made the whole happiness even more invaluable).To give you an idea of the price, a glass of wine, several oysters plus the main course would easily put you in the $60's range. Not the most pricey meal i've had, but certainly worth every dollar spent. The neighborhood is a bit lackluster to an out-of-towner, but don't be discouraged. The restaurant is made for you.
4	I got a reservation here prior to a concert at the new Corona Theater, and may I just say I totally love this area of rue Notre-Dame now, there's so many cool places.  We actually couldn't get into Joe Beef, so we tried it out.  It's pretty cramped and I don't like the menu set-up on the walls, however, the staff are super knowledgeable and they'll get you going in the right direction no matter what.  I was a big fan of the lobster salad starter and the oyster selection.  Everything on the menu looks delicious.  Our server was a bit quirky, but he grew on me so I can't complain.  Note- they don't have a fully stocked bar.
5	Other than the crowded seating and the menu that is difficult to see from most seats (take a picture and read it on your phone!), the restaurant and the service was excellent. The food was wonderful.Now, we only have to solve the problem of which one is better, Joe Beef or Liverpool House. I guess we will just have to go back repeatedly to help decide.
5	This place is so good that it should be illegal!  Top 3 best dinners I have ever had!  The appetizer, get the hot and cold oysters. The Fa Graise was absolutely amazing!  Melt in your mouth that mixes a slight touch of caramel w the rich flavoring of the melted fa Graise. I'm not good enough writer to give it justice. Just go here!  If u hate it, u r not human!
3	Disappointed!A 9:30 reservation turned out to be an offer of a bar booth or wait. We waited and first sat about 10:30. The waitress took about 30 minutes before she came over and took very little time with us explaining the all in French blackboard menu. Once we decided on a few well known to me choices ( only because I read my fellow Yelpers reviews), we waited at least a half hour for our first course, fresh oysters. At one point about 15 minutes into the wait, I asked for bread as it was already close to 11 and we were starving. She finally brought over bread (actually tasty bread) and then the oysters followed 15 minutes later. So now it's well after 11, we have consumed a great deal of wine and the appetite is waning. The oysters were very delicious as was the horseradish sauce for topping.Another 15 minutes, now 11:30 out comes the 4 appetizers. Mozzarella salad with bacon (actually a burrata and quite good) , a beet salad, a ricotta dish and a Bellini with gravlax with caviar. All were very good and were the type of dishes I was hoping for but would have enjoyed so much better at 10:15/10:30 when I wasn't drunk, tired and a bit annoyed.The mains were the lobster spaghetti and the hanger steak. Both excellent tasting but as above its now almost midnight, I'm drunk from the  long wait, too much wine, no food and I'm first eating my dinner.So now the host comes over who I admit was a very nice guy but I wish he would have checked on us an hour earlier. I asked him if this was typical and he told me that it was a holiday crowd but typically it is this busy.  He was very apologetic and offered anything we would like. By this time we were quite tired. The waitress brought over her self chosen classic chocolate cake with ice cream and 4 cappuccino. Along with dessert, a few after dinner drinks. The waitress told us the drinks, dessert and coffee were on the house. This is such a crazy review for me to write. On one hand, early lousy attention to their customer put a major damper on the meal and experience. On the other hand, excellent creative food and a highly apologetic staff who did the right thing by comping us the above. So confused by this restaurant. For now a 3 star rating because a restaurant this well known, with creative genius chefs and $49 lobster spaghetti dish, should have got it right from the start.  As a tourist only here for 3 nights, I would have really like to have been wowed by the experience overall as other Yelpers have reviewed.Maybe next time.
4	I think I found my favourite brunch food!! Can I have Crepes au Foie Gras ($22) every weekend? The foie gras wrapped in bacon inside my crepe and finished off with maple syrup!Liverpool House was definitely my best dining experience during my weekend in Montreal. The service here is excellent, our waitress was so kind in going through every single item on the menu with us in English.... including how each dish is prepared and ingredients used! She did make everything sounded delicious....We ended up ordering and sharing:Entrees: Crepes au Foie Gras ($22) & Pieuxre Mauritius & Pakoras ($18) - love both dishes: both interesting as the foie gras has all the traditional element vs the pakoras is kind of a fusion dish..Plats: Spaghetti Homard - Lobster ($49)- A little disappointing, though the pasta was cooked well and the sauce was complimenting the seafood but the lobster has this mushy texture Dessert: Merveilleux Aux Marrons ($9)- hot dark chocolate poured on top of marrons cake... crunchy and sweet Vs hot and bitter... what a happy ending! :)I can't wait to go back and try other items on the menu... In fact I have already booked a reservation at Liverpool House for my next weekend in Montreal!And for the time being, I just dream about the foie gras............so buttery..........stuffed full of it...
3	Not worth the price, for the same range go to joe beef even though they the  same owners. Menu items where good, but not unique
5	What a WONDERFUL dining experience. When I was making plans to visit my sister in Montreal, she said that we should dine at Joe Beef (the sister restaurant). I tried making reservations and couldn't get one! So the next best thing was to try and get a reservation here, which I was able to get thankfully.Liverpool House is small, intimate, and their menu is all on a chalkboard. Sounds like an order at the counter and sit and wait for your number to be called type of restaurant, right? Well, it certainly was not. Our server was the sweetest (and cutest) guy who was so accommodating and read off everything on the chalkboard for us. We ordered a bottle of wine (a VERY impressive list that covered about two blackboards in itself!), ordered the bleu cheese chicken wings and lobster spaghetti. Oh man. The food... just incredible. The wings were unlike any kind of wings I've ever tasted. The endive leaves that accompanied it with the bleu cheese sauce was incredible. The lobster spaghetti had flavors that had so much depth... I could've kept eating it and eating it until my own gluttony consumed my foodie soul.Prices are steep but the portions are very generous. Even our server recommended that some entrees were appropriate for splitting. If you find yourself in Montreal, I highly recommend getting a reservation here (or even Joe Beef, as the menu is very similar I was told). Definitely one of the highlights of my trip to Canada.
4	Special occasion place for me due to high prices. Joe Beef is better
3	This is the hardest review I've written, because there are so many factors playing into the experience at Liverpool House. I'll start with the food, which was good. I began with fried zucchini flowers that were stuffed with paneer and peas. They were coated in a garbanzo bean batter and fried to golden perfection. The flavors, including the accompanying sauce, were delicate and delicious - a nice kick of toasted coriander seed among them. My partner started with the short ribs in curry, and they were also very good - tender and flavorful. For mains, I had the salmon with lentils, recommended by our server, and my partner had the dorade stuffed with shrimp and served with clams. These were both flavorful, and my salmon had a surprising and nice crust, but it was extremely salty. Same of the dorade, though the clams were delicious.So far, so good. The ambience is relaxed as well and very welcoming. I felt a little sorry for the party that was seated below the menu board since they were among the first in the place and had to suffer through every other diner hovering over their table to decide what to order (they don't provide menus at table - fine, and hey, kudos for saving trees when the menu changes daily - but odd for those at table beneath it).The staff is great. They echo the atmosphere of the place, very easygoing, yet attentive and helpful. One server gave us a couple other recommendations for spots in Montreal, which was really kind.The price was quite steep. My salmon with lentils was over $30. It was a warm day and we decided to have a bottle of white wine, and there was nothing on offer below $40...and the price rose to $75 pretty steeply from there. Which seems incongruous with the vibe of the place and many of the dishes on offer.The menu overall felt a little disjointed, with some items influenced by this spot's chef, who is from Pakistan, and other items like foie gras with brioche that are more traditionally associated with the Joe Beef guys, who also run Liverpool House. I get the British-Pakistani influence, but somehow it all seemed a little more experimental than cohesive.Lastly, and probably a key to the whole experience - Liverpool House is next door to Joe Beef, which is where we originally hoped to get a reservation, but which is booked a month out, we learned. And we were guided to Liverpool House, as are no doubt many others. But they have little in common besides ownership and maybe vibe. So it feels a bit like the poor cousin there to scoop up those who don't plan far enough ahead. Why they didn't just expand Joe Beef instead, I'm not sure - maybe it's about food sourcing or some other capacity issue. In general, it's easy to want to cheer for these guys. But I would say, if you want to go to Joe Beef and can't get in, there are better substitutes at a better price in Montreal than Liverpool House.
5	EXCELLENT! This is one of my favorite restaurants in Montreal and possibly one of the more under-appreciated if considering quality of food and nice atmosphere. This is what I've grown to refer to as a "Chalkboard Bistro". The menu is provided on a single large chalkboard hung on the wall, written in chalk. While I'm not a big fan of this practice, the menu at Liverpool House offers an excellent range or options (not limiting but also not overwhelming) making decisions a bit difficult and leading to a repeat visit! Everything I've had here has been very good to excellent but the Lobster Spaghetti was AMAZING...one of the best seafood dishes I've ever eaten. Atmosphere is casual / comfortable, the staff very friendly, knowledgable and helpful.
1	went there about two weeks ago ordered the spring salad which came to the table luke warm two bites into it i cracked a tooth on a small rock in the salad. after which i contacted the manager "james" who was very  apologetic. continued my dining experience with a pork dish that was terrible more pork fat than pork. for the cost of the dinner there are better places in montreal this is alot of hype and food sucks. just nobody wants to tell you because it's not chic to say. by the way the tooth cost $500 usd to fix i still haven't heard from the owners. watch out for the warm salad.
4	A much awaited early dinner at Liverpool House was a very pleasant surprise.Surprise because we didn't expect such a refined,comfortable,friendly and tasty experience brought to us by the owners of the notorious Joe Beef.The rather dilapidated store front and staged country antiques hide a very slick and successful operation which offer such a slant on favorites like a huge torchon of creamy Fois Gras that out lasted the sweet  slabs of toasted Brioche.White and green baby asparagus with smoked salmon,caviar ,drizzled with a creamy , decadent Bearnaise.A coarse,country pork pate in pastry with truffles and candied figs and the signature Lobster spaghetti, which in it's simplicity is a thing of beauty....granted it's a rich,fatty ,buttery simplicity but well worth the $50.00 menu price.The menu chalkboard is a little too precious in my opinion but the friendly and efficient wait staff has it memorized and all too glad to answer any questions.I felt immediately at home,settled in for a unrushed and delicious dinner and left all smiles, happy,sated and promising to return....soon,very soon.
4	I ordered a fish dish that was too buttery for me, but the rest of the food was good. We had great scallops and oysters. It's a fun atmosphere too.
4	I've never been to joe beef but I am a fan of this spot. The waitress was attentative and hilarious, I wish I had gotten her name so I could call her out.The food was good. I split the patte which came out like a slice of pie with 3 sauces, a slice of bread, and ap ickle. It was delicious. All of it.I split the New Guinea Fowl with foie gras for two. The bird was cooked perfectly with execellently crispy skin. The piece of liver on top was rich and delicious. I wouldve rubbed it all over me and bathed in it if I could.
5	Went here for my grandmother's 85th birthday dinner - party of 6 ladies. It was a bit loud of an environment for my grandmother but since she can't really hear even in a quiet spot, it didn't really affect the awesome meal we had. Everything we ate was spectacular - beginning with oysters and burrata. I picked off of everyone's entrees but got the pakora appetizer as my main. Since I tried everything, I decided I was going to rate everyone's dishes and decide who's was best... well - that ended up being quite the difficult task considering everything tasted so great. If I had to pick, it was the pasta dish with lobster that my aunt and cousin shared. We had dessert and wine which were both really good. Everyone left very satisfied - including my grandmother. It was a bit pricey ($600 bill) but we decided it was totally worth it. Our server was also very sweet and helpful - although she did forget to split the bill and bring it to my sister who requested it at the beginning of the meal.
5	What a great evening and a beautiful start to out Montreal adventure. We had reservation for 6 and arrived promptly, we were escorted to our table and got a brief explanation of what to expect. Our waitress arrived shortly and observed our crooked faces looking at a chalkboard with the daily menu written in French. After getting our wine and beers she explained each starter in elegant detail and took the time to clarify when needed. We order a few items family style, her recommendation, and enjoyed each one. My younger brother took the lead on ordering BC he is the foodie in the family and knows best. We had oysters that were almost sweet, foi gras ( I think) which was surprisingly delicious and we each had a bite and we had the beer cheese bread. All starters had good portions and tasted wonderful. I ordered the trout ( served in all it's glory) and even though m wife want a tail and head kinda gal she even tasted it. It was cooked perfectly and served with capers, peas and a delicious sauce. My brother ordered a sirloin and it was the biggest chunk of happiness I have seen in a good while, it was served with broccoli and some type of cheese. Besides him ordering it med well it was delicious! His wife and mine shared the lobster pasta and it was enough for each. Served with an entire lobster on top they were super nice about splitting it up. Our waitress took the time to explain th 20 something menu items in such great detail, answered all our tourist questions and even suggested a few other places to stop. I would love to return but there are so many great places to try in this town. Thank you Liverpool house, ps can you get us into joe beef before Saturday?
5	I am hesitant to give give review of 5 stars or 1 star, but this place deserves it.I made a reservation for 1 at 6:30 PM.  I decided to go here instead of Joe Beef, since it's a bit less well known by the tourists.  I am so glad I went here.I walked in and was greeted by the host.  She explains to me that the menu and wine list is written on the chalkboard.  One of the server/bartender noticed that I was responding in English.  He walks over to me and asked me how my French was.  To which I responded with, "terrible".  He gladly went through the entire menu and explained everything to me in English.The menu changes frequently, but there are a few items that are regular on the menu.  I opted for one of the special over the lobster pasta dish.  I was told that the lobster is a staple there and it will be on the menu for long a time.  I got the duck breast.  Being from California, I had to get the foie gras to start.  I also got half dozen oysters.  I got a mix of Canadian oysters.  I am was happy I did.  This place is serious about their oysters.  I also got 3 drinks.  I started with a refreshing pre-dinner drink.  The server suggested a red wine to go with the duck breast.  I finished the night with the bloody ceasar as my dessert.Throughout the night, they talked to me.  Even the owner came and joined in on the conversation.  It felt like a great neighborhood restaurant even if you're not from the neighborhood.As an added bonus, I got a great recommendation for dinner for the next night.
4	Liverpool House serves some terrific food.  Definitely the best fois gras I've had in Montreal.  Beware though, it is a large size for 2 people, probably best for 4 as it is so rich and heavy.   Wine list was terrific.  I have the rabbit korma which seemed a bit off the wall for a restaurant like Liverpool, but it was quite delicious.  I've had my fair share of Indian food and I thought it had some very intense and authentic Indian flavors.  And the rabbit was extremely well prepared and tender.  I haven't been to Joe Beef yet, but this was really really good.I docked a start for two reasons.  The first is really minor, and not really a complaint at all, but the menu was in French and had to be translated by our server.  I don't mind because I'm a visitor in their town and restaurant, but it was very busy and the server didn't really have the time to properly translate.  This limited my confidence in ordering a few dishes that I just wasn't sure about from her brief description.  The second issue was unfortunate as the seating is cramped and we were sat next to a really, really drunk and really loud group of people.  Our server was apologetic, but it ruined the experience to some degree.  Perhaps not their fault, but I'm reviewing my experience.  Would certainly go back, although we'll probably try Joe Beef next time for a different experience.  Liverpool is definitely worth the trip.
5	There are certain restaurants that just speak to us. Everything, from the decor to the ambience to the music and of course the food, works within your sensibilities and creates a space that would go gladly go back to day after day if you could because it just feels right. Fred Morin and Dave McMillan created just such a place for me with Joe Beef. Since my original visit there last year (and further reinforced by my recent meal there this summer), I have always had their second restaurant (and neighbour a few doors down) Liverpool House on my "Must Check Out" list. Well, I finally got the chance with the family to see if the Morin and McMillan spell on me would continue.With our 9:30 reservation and the dim lighting, there wasn't really the chance to take some interior pictures (and impacted the quality of my other pictures as well) but Liverpool House continues the casual and off-beat look that Joe Beef has in spades. Beautiful bar to enjoy a drink while a Steven Segal movie plays on a mini TV, wood panelled walls with large chalkboard menus, leather banquets and wood tables, a canoe on the ceiling, a mounted deer on the wall and way too many paintings of 18 wheelers. I simply cannot do it justice without images. All to say, I love it and the vibe it sets for the meal. Add some great alternative music and you've got me hook, line and sinker.Before we even discuss the food, we must start with the cocktails. Liverpool House has a few house cocktails and I got to try 2 over the course of the evening. First, the Old Pal - basically their twist on a Negroni. A very bitter cocktail but one that I enjoyed tremendously. The second one was called a St-Vincent Sour - their play on a Whiskey sour but using Bourbon and maple syrup instead. Love the overall balance of this cocktail - very smooth with a slight touch of sweet and no bitterness. Complete 180 to the Old Pal in every sense. I definitely will be playing with that combination of ingredients at home shortly.As a appetizer, I went with their "Beer Cheese" dish - a mixture of blue cheese, cream cheese and goat cheese with some beer and other spices which becomes a spread served with marinated vegetables and some grilled toast. A very solid cheese blend that balances itself quite nicely. The cream and goat cheeses lent a nice smooth creamy texture while the blue cheese added a bit of kick but not enough to overwhelm the other elements of the spread. The marinated vegetables added a little vinegar to the party and the deliciously toasted bread served as the perfect platter for all of this. A great appetizer.On to the main. I decided to go for the veal sweetbreads with a mix of onions and Romesco sauce. Served on a bed of creamy mashed potatoes and some jus, this dish will make anyone who has issues with sweetbreads love them. Nice and crispy on the outside with a perfect soft and fluffy texture inside, the sweetbreads were cooked to perfection to truly showcase the natural fattyness they hold. The mixture of onions added some nice sweetness to the dish and the Romesco sauce (a Spanish nut and red pepper-based sauce for the un-initiated as I was that night) provided a little garlic kick and as well as a little sweet spiciness. This dish was returned completely picked clean - loved every inch of it.There was one other main course I tried as there was some leftovers at the table and that was the curry shrimps.  The reason for some being left over is quite simple - the portion they serve is huge. Over a dozen large shrimp served in a curry mixture with spicy lentils, pilaf rice and a yogourt sauce. The sauce for the shrimp was nice and mild in terms of curry. I cannot say the same for the lentils - a little too much heat for my tastes, especially the after-taste. Thankfully the deliciously creamy yogourt sauce cooled my palette off quickly. Add a solid rice pilaf and you have a solid dish through and through.Finally we get to dessert. I went for the Apricot Financiers. Mini light and fluffy almond flour-based cakes with a hazelnut crust served with some cherries, apricots and house-made vanilla ice cream. Wonderfully executed dessert all around. I was a big fan in particular of the ice cream. Just a great depth of vanilla flavour on top of a velvety texture. A great end to a awesome meal.In the end, Liverpool House had me from the moment I walked in and never let go. The entire experience was wonderful and simply made wish I could come back more often (and believe me... if it weren't for budgetary notions, I would be there and at Joe Beef pretty much monthly). If you have been to Joe Beef and enjoyed it, then you need to check out Liverpool House. If you haven't been, then no worries. Just come down anyway and I am sure you will convert quite quickly. Now to go save more money to visit again soon....Cheers!
5	I think it has come to the point where we are kind of "regulars" at Liverpool House. Maybe not as much as some other people who go out more often than we do, but definitely it has become our regular spot. We've got a favorite waiter (Hie?) and barkeep (Marley), a favorite dish (calf liver a la Montrealaise) and drink (Bloody Ceasar). We have a favorite seat, right in front of that big barrel of wine where I can squeeze into my seat without sticking my butt into someone's food.This week, after two full weeks of cooking and cleaning up the apartment now that we are four, I set the kids on a cleaning mission and we headed out to the restaurant for a little quality 'grown-up' time. We headed to our go to spot for a guaranteed nice evening and again, Liverpool House did not disappoint.A few things have changed over the past few times we have been there. First, I believe they painted the floor. The last time we were there it was right after their vacation and it smelled a little "painted", but that smell was gone this time. Secondly, they have now separated the sides from the mains. It is supposed to make it easier for you to try more things, but I liked not having to think about the sides. But that is just me.We started our evening with a drink, I had some sort of beer cocktail, the name of which eludes me, but it was not sweet, not very strong and just cold enough. I liked it and it made for a perfect start to my meal. For the rest of the evening I stuck with cold Joe Beef brews, which suited my mood perfectly.As a starter I ordered the foie gras parfait with roasted prunes. To say that I loved this would be an understatement. It reminded me of peanut butter and jam, a much more decadent and voluptuous PB&J. The foie gras was light and airy, melted salty and creamy on the tongue, the prunes were tart and not too sweet, while the roll, I want to say it was an Aberdeen roll, was still warm and buttery. I would totally pay 100K to have these made for me on demand to eat in bed (inside joke).Of course, I had to order my favorite dish; calf liver a la Montrealaise (in case you missed it above). I often want to order some of the other items on the menu, but no one else in my family likes liver, so I don't get to enjoy it as often as I would like to and Liverpool House really does a great job with this dish. It is never tough, the texture is always bang on, and though it runs a little salty, the crust that the Montreal steak spice gives this under appreciated piece of meat is divine. I did miss the sides that used to come with it. That is my only complaint.And after so many visits to Liverpool House, we still have yet to make it to dessert!
5	Made the journey to the famous Joe Beef people's second restaurant. We were not disappointed. Staff was friendly and helpful. As the other reviewers stated, the menu is on the chalk board and all in French. Ask questions and you'll be helped! Most of it changes all the time, so be prepared to choose something different. We started with the beer cheese appetizer and a Joe Beef pilsner. Both were great. For entrees, we chose the lobster pasta (permanent menu item) and a Cornish game hen. Both were tremendous. Perfect amount for a couple to share. We finished the night with a dessert that was half chocolate pudding, half chocolate mousse (I can't remember the name of it) and two coffees! This was a great dinner. I can't wait to go again, as well as checking out Joe Beef. As an extra surprise, the prices were cheaper than I expected for a 4 dollar sign joint. You can get out of there for under $100 with two apps and an entre.
5	Hands down the best meal we had in Montreal. Before I delve into the food, let's talk abt the hood. Located in the newly gentrified section of St Henri, the street it's on boasts a number of quaint restaurants, trendy shops and hipster bars. Our reservation was at 6:45 and when we arrived there were still a good number of unfilled seats. The crowd consisted of businessmen expensing the meal, locals and tourists alike. We were lucky enough to get seated at a four top in front of the chalkboard menu--lucky for us since there are no printed menus, the lighting is dim and my husband forgot his glasses. If you're somewhat unfamiliar w French use Google Translate, or even better just ask the waitstaff. Our server was polite and uber helpful as we apologized profusely for not speaking the native tongue.Undecisive, we went the tapas route (these are not tapas though, they're full-size). We started w a dozen PEI oysters, which were meticulously prepared and the freshest I've ever had. We also tried the beer cheese -- which I should've loved in theory bc I really enjoy each separately, but I just found it ok. The final app was the pork rilette, which I secretly didn't want to share.We followed it up with 3 entrees; beef cheek, which was beautifully tender, seared scallops and the most popular dish on the menu, lobster spaghetti in a light cream sauce. Sounds pretty simple, but if it ain't broke... Us broads, ever up for something sweet opted for the chocolate mousse. I typically opt for vanilla or nutty desserts, but this rocked. Light and airy topped w fresh whip cream, I ate most of it.
3	Visits: 1stRating: 3.5*Service: excellent serviceDishes: Terrine De Fois Gras; Spaghetti Homard LobsterThis place is very cosy. Since we didn't have reservations, we went for a seat at the bar so we can eat sooner. We're on a schedule. But the service was excellent & accommodating.-Terrine De Fois Gras (3*). So we tend to enjoy our fois when done right. Although good this style terrine isn't something we're into. It leans towards the more stiff style paste & we like our fois more melt in your mouth. This is for more acquired tastes since the liver taste is much stronger. It's also a large portion. Which we could only eat a certain amount until the strong liver taste started getting to us. The few first bites were fine though.-Spaghetti Homard Lobster (4*). Delicious dish. My wife liked it much more than I did. The spaghetti was coated in this buttery, slightly cheesy sauce, which wasn't overpowering, it was subtle but flavorful. With chunks of lobster sprinkled in.
5	Liverpool House is the sister restaurant to Joe Beef, and all-in-all isn't much different. The ingredients seemed to have a more Italian influence, but the fresh chalk-board format written in French and the overall feel were the same. You can see my Joe Beef review here: http://www.yelp.com/biz/joe-beef-montr%C3%A9al-2#hrid:n59hUnVH_DjwObH0Upo4Zg, my boyfriend and I went to Joe Beef the night before Liverpool house.We came into Liverpool House with a strategy, ordering much lighter appetizers than the previous night: clams casino and tripe. My boyfriend had never had tripe before, and I had bad memories of a chewy substance in tomato sauce, but this was not the case at Liverpool House. The tripe was melt-in-your mouth good, and the sauce was so flavorful. A definite favorite and all the couples around us ordered it after seeing ours come out of the kitchen!For dinner we thought we were being savvy ordering the lamb for two, in light of the overwhelming portions at Joe Beef the night before. Boy, were we wrong. What emerged from the kitchen could have easily fed a family of four. The meat was tender and perfect, and it came with a large dish of seasonal veggies. We finished the meal with some sweet sorbet, and ran off to some nearby bars to wash it all down.Pro tip: try the Joe Beef Pilsner, very crisp and refreshing, and only available at Joe Beef, Liverpool House and a couple of other local spots.
5	I wanted to David Carradine with the lobster spaghetti.
5	Despite the oddly matched 90's-early 2000's underground hip hop soundtrack playing while Jean Claude Van Damme's dance scene in "Kickboxer" was on the TV at the bar, despite the menus being on the wall in the other room right over a table of people, and despite the outrageously priced cocktails and limited bourbon stock.....HOLY HELL. SO GOOD. Started with oysters with vinagrette and old fashioned cocktails all around. The oysters were some of the best I've had. It was kind of nice not knowing their name, where they were from, just oysters. I ordered a second round; that good. We ordered a round of "entrees," including a foie gras maple syrup petit dejeuner, fresh mozzarella on toast, and rigatoni. The foie gras dish left all all trying really hard not to lick the plate, so we actually borrowed toast from the mozzarella to mop up every last molecule on the plate. But the star of the night was the main plate I ordered, a steak with wine sauce and beer cheese cream. This was one of those dishes that stays with you, almost haunts you, for months. I'll never have this combination of flavors again in my life, so while I ate it I didn't really want it to end. A perfectly cooked piece of meat, placed in a red wine sauce with a sharp, bitter whipped beer cheese topping. Bitter, salty, sweet, juicy...it was unreal. We all tried each other's dishes, including lobster spaghetti, scallops, and trout, but nothing stood up to this piece of beef. The waiter was very good and very funny, describing horse meat the best way he could to three Americans not used to seeing it on menus. It's pretty loud, maybe not best for romance, but as a spot for a social evening, it's very fun. There's clearly some talent back in that kitchen, and if I make it back to Montreal, I'm heading here right from the airport...maybe after a stop at Dieu du Ciel!
5	Time for an update! Plus, I need a positive review... the negative ones make me feel so dirty!Winter, it's the worst and it really takes a lot of effort to get me to leave the relative comfort of my bed :) The promise of a night at Liverpool House however, is always a great motivator! So when the BF offered a night out of the house, how could I refuse? We made reservations and headed on over. After realizing we were a little earlier than the reservation I remembered the LPH is now open a bit earlier too and that the bar serves some pretty awesome cocktails. Sitting at the bar we got to know about a few changes in staff, no more Hie, or Marley. But hey, Chris and Lucas were awesome, so we'll be okay.The menu has quite a few of the familiar apps and mains and some spins on seasonal fair as well. You don't order sides anymore, but are served a random side that changes nightly (I presume). On this night (the Chinese New Year), I ordered Cheval a Cheval as my main, but started with the rognons. Both were excellent, though the Horse steak was HUGE and I was stuffed halfway through. Just a week later (last night) I ordered the Lobster Spaghetti and we started with a order of the housemade sausage.The side last week was a roasted butternut squash which was amazing. This week was turnip with apple and other accoutrements but... nope, not for me. We started both meals with oysters. The world needs more oyster eating methinks. Desserts on visit one as the persimmon panacotta which I didn't fancy too much. Yesterday night we went with the apple pie for two and that was over the top delicious. I had gin cocktails on both occasions, followed by a nice glass of wine and the BF had the new tapped Le Castor blondes. Love this restaurant and they have kind of ruined me for any other spots in Montreal! :)
3	As I was not able to book a table at Joe Beef, I thought this might be a nice hangout for someone new to Montreal for a date night!! My impressions are : 1- Squeezing challengeI had to squeeze my way through everything in this restaurant starting from hanging your coat (which was the first hurdle I faced after entering the place- to support my coat over 30 other garments on a hanger that is overly packed to) then to squeeze my entire body through a table of two men (who did not think for a moment out of courtesy to mover their bodies or perhaps elbows for me to get into my seat- and obviously the host did not bother to move the table in or out for me to walk in freely- I had to utilize my acrobatic skills in front if my date which was not classy) 2- Eye sight challengeI was asked by the host to stand in front of a blackboard under very dimmed light to check out the menu (because they have no paper menus and the waiter refused to mention what they have in terms of food initially) So again I had to squeeze out from my premium seat and stand in front of a wall with other fellow dinners and try to understand the French writing !!! In smaller than 10 font size with very little light I have been to restaurants that have this kind of blackboard menus (pubs and trendy restaurants) but in all places I have tried, there is always a) a paper form of menub) some sort of well lit blackboard with medium size font c) fewer choices of food !! After failing to read the extensive menu at Liverpool House I asked the waitress for help- she instructed that I have to look at the board I replied that I did but my eye sight is very bad and I did not want to wear my reading glasses in front of my date !!(obviously this date did not call again) She suggested the fish which was nice But again I wanted to try the wine ( which again was written on a separate board) but realized it is going to be hard to leave my seat , attempt to read, Order and drink, and then try to go to the toilet !! I adopted the strategy of not moving from my seat till I leave .. Not sure why this restaurant is popular but again I will give it another try in day light - this could never happen actually as they only open for dinner!!
5	We were lazy and didn't book a reservation at Joe Beef on a Saturday night ahead of our first visit to Montreal, so we tried walking in when the restaurant opened at 6pm. But there weren't any tables until 9:30, so they sent us down the street to try our luck at Liverpool House. Lucky for us, we were sat at the bar as it was just my boyfriend and I. Luckier for us, we were seated right in front of the oysters and Canada's friendliest servers. For two people on vacation, we loved sitting at the bar as it was really the easiest way for us to chat with some locals. We talked about the city and mostly about the Habs being better than the Canucks. (My Vancouver-ite boyfriend had to agree, esp. this year.)Anyway -- the food! We got a dozen oysters, half from Nova Scotia and gigantic monsters from Maryland. Really delicious. We also got the foie gras parfait which was heavenly and rich. Being corny tourists, we had to try some horse since it's not on many NYC menues. We had it raw, ceviche style, and it was really tender and summery tasting. Not sure ceviche is what we were looking for in March, but the flavors were good. We were recommended a nice dry white to go with the oysters, then switched to red with our appetizers.The really nice thing was the head server sent us over a free appetizer of roasted shishito peppers, saying we should have something crunchy while we chatted. Then the other server gave me a free refill of wine with an "I insist." It was so thoughtful.The only thing I didn't like was the menu on the blackboard in the other room. I would've preferred not awkwardly standing over a table squinting and trying to translate French. Our servers were great to ask about it, though. I'd REALLY hate to be the people sitting under the blackboard. Bar all the way! We had a great experience and look forward to returning on our next trip.
5	We tried to get into Joe Beef (right next door), but had to settle for a late reservation at the Liverpool House.  Everything start to finish was excellent and this place is a must stop when you are in Montreal.  Menu is on a blackboard in French, but the waiter was great about walking us through everything.  We started with a Cauliflower appetizer and Brussels Sprouts Casino, both were great.  For dinner we had the Cheval (horse) and Duck which were excellent.  The toughest thing other than getting a reservation, was deciding what to eat, everything looked great
5	Excellent service and delicious food all round. Not too crowded for 7pm on a Saturday, we arrived with good timing to look at the chalkboard menu before anyone sat down at the table in front of it. The timing of the service was very well paced. Waiters were not snooty about speaking english. Can't wait to go back!
4	The restaurant is located in up and coming Griffintown, which is quickly becoming gentrified, a hospital is being built a few blocks over.  I made a reservation a few weeks in advance, which I would recommend, as it's a busy spot.  The menu is on a chalkboard so we had our server explain most of it to us.  We both had oysters to start and then the steak with red wine sauce, potatoes and greens.  The meal was simply delicious, I can't remember having a steak that good.  Service could have been better, but the food made up for it.  I would definitely go back.
5	Another excellent meal at Liverpool House,seated at a corner table immediately and our drink selections arrive soon after.We left our dinner selections largely up to our waiter and could not have done better if we tried.Oysters on the 1/2 shell,Tender Tartar de Cheval and breakfast Foie Gras to start. house celery salad,rare hanger steak,wiener schnitzel with fresh green peas and spaetzle with a gin soaked pineapple dessert to finish.We simple love the friendly and excellent service,the space and above all, the expertly prepared dishes that Liverpool House consistently offers and as creatures of habit ...we'll be back.
4	Being a long weekend I called last minute at 6PM for two hoping for a cancellation.  They said if we came right away we could have spots at the bar, but need to finish by 8PM. The food, service and ambience was all amazing.  Chris was very knowledgeable about wine, recommended a nice bottle of Spanish red.  The menu is extensive and on the chalk board including their daily specials.  We started the meal with their asparagus and poached egg, and the shrimp salad, followed by the lobster pasta, which was much like Lobster Americana, and an order of beef brisket served with new potatoes and broccoli. We left after 9PM after two bottles of wine...The food is tasty, very rich and good sized portions.  I learned from Chris that you if are alone there's a good chance you can get a seat at the bar, since there are odd number of seats.
5	Arrived at our reserved time and were seated promptly for 2 persons. I was surprised to see that the menu was written on a wall in the back and that there was no actual one at the table where we were seated near the front of the restaurant. So I took a photo to bring back to the table. But the menu is all in French so I didn't really know what to order on, but In the end we just asked for their suggestions and were not disappointed. Tried a their light joe beef beer which was alright. Then started with a dozen oysters, which were great., and had a foi grai breakfast sandwich which was not pate and seared placed in a delicious breakfast sandwich covered with local maple syrup. And the main entree composed of three small filets of horse meat covered with a special brown sauce. And to end, the pound cake.Service was very good, staff friendly, and a hip atmosphere right next to their big brother joe beef. It was my first dinner after arriving in Montreal and that probably helped with making it an awesome experience. But unfortunately I might have tipped a bit less due to the misinterpretation of the separate tax charge that reads T.P.S. on the receipt.
4	Had a late dinner here and were seated right away. We started with a mix of oysters which were some of the freshest i have had. We then ordered the rabbit croquettes and horse meat tartare which were both delicious. I then ordered the lobster spaghetti which was not bad the lobster was great although i was expecting more from the spaghetti and the sauce. The serive was great and overall it was a great dinner. With drinks this all came to about $100 pp.
5	Where to start-We wanted to eat at Joe Beef but they were booked solid so we ate at their sister restaurant Liverpool House. We were a party of 7 and sat in the beautiful back garden area. It instantly had a "French Laundry" feel with aromatic herbs and beautiful tomatoes ripening on vine all around the garden. We each started with a mixed drink- expertly conceived and mixed by Chris the bartender. Bloody caesar, gin iced tea, bourbon sour, vodka martini- everything was delicious. For appetizers we loved the pate, the clam chowder, the lamb sausage, and the veal terrine. Everything that hit the table was perfect. The entrees were all perfectly executed and were not for the health conscious!  Horse steak cooked rare, lobster pasta (amazing), veal , chicken- each dish had a beautiful sauce and well developed flavors. This place is a must try- a true gem. We loved it and would go back again!
5	Fantastic dining experience in every way.  Arrived and were greeted and promptly seated at our reserved time.  Very busy place but the staff were all incredibly friendly and helpful in translating the menu to English for us and recommending various dished.  The restaurant was cozy and charming, fun and lively.  We started with some east and west coast oysters, which were fantastic.  Then my wife had the lobster pasta and I had the horse steak filet.  Both were outstanding.  We weren't in a wine mood so we enjoyed the Joe Beef beer.We would recommend this to anyone visiting Montreal and will definitely come here again next time we are in Montreal.
5	Do NOT judge a book by its cover! I had serious reservations when I first walked in thinking this was some rinky dink hole in the wall but I have been proven wrong! After walking in and through a few curtains we were escorted to an intimate outdoor oasis. We had reservations for 7pm so we were treated to a beautiful sunset along with our dinner. The wait staff was friendly but the star of this show is the FOOD. From the chimichurri sauce for the hanger steak to the rotisserie chicken we just did not want our food to end. Ultimately we requested a visit from the head chef in order to give him a standing ovation by way of thank you. I will definitely come again on my next visit to Montreal.
5	Sister restaurant to Joe Beef.  We were seated outside in the back section of the garden with a lovely view of the sky. The menu is written on a chalkboard as it changes daily.  We had the shrimp polenta as the appetizer...delicious!  For entrees we shared the hanger steak, spaghetti with lobster and duck.  We ordered one of each of the desserts and they were great.  Everything was amazing!  It was one of the best dining experiences ever.
4	Went last night for my birthday. We were a group of 3, and unfortunately, the restaurant decided that we deserved to be squeezed in to a table for 2 by putting an extra chair at the table. We had to move the table to wedge into our seats, and then realized that one of us was sitting directly over a cold vent. Who wants cold air blowing up their crotch for an entire meal? Not us. so we asked to move. We were moved to the table right next to the front door, where we sat on the most uncomfortable bench for the next 2 hours. No cushions, nothing to lean against, just a terrible place to sit for 2 hours.Which is unfortunate, since the meal was so delicious! Had the shrimp and polenta and eggplant and mozzarella to start. They were both great! The shrimp came with a lobster gravy that was amazing, could have had it to drink. For our mains we shared the onglet and the lobster spaghetti. Both were great, especially the lobster. We ordered the bread to soak up the extra sauce, which was the best part of the entire meal. For dessert we had the black forest cake (not so good) and the almond cake (pretty good).Overall, the meal was great, but it was disappointing to be seated so poorly. When making a reservation next time I would specify where I wanted to sit. I would suggest the same for anyone reading this.
5	Fantastic place.....but 2.50 for bread and 1 microscopic cube of butter? Stay classy Liverpool house
5	We had so much food and a delicious wine pairing.  The waiter did an excellent job with helping us pick out the unique and flavorful foods.
4	Better than Joe Beef!Excellent raw food, oysters from PEI and scallop were above the world! The steak was pretty awesome too. A bit noisy and service was not good.
5	This place was awesome. Came for my bachelor party on a Friday night and... the atmosphere was lively, our server handled the group very well, and the food and drinks were top notch. I had the liverpool steak, which was super delicious, and definitely way more food than I needed, but I ate it anyway. A few of my friends had a rabbit dish which they loved, and those that had the lobster pasta said it might have been the best meal of their life. So there's that. I give it a big thumbs up
4	It was worth the wait!Our reservation was at 9:30PM, we arrived at the restaurant around 9pm. We were seated immediately. I'm assuming it was because our table was at 9:30pm, the server did not really take our order until 9:30ish. despite all that....we order the following things, and I personally think that it's must try items:Seared Foie Gras w/ Egg, bacon, maple: It was so amazing, to the point where I keep scraping the plate to get the "sauce" which was an infused maple syrup w/ bacon fat. Lobster Spaghetti: No further explanation needed since it was so damn good....I would recommend to share this with someone because it's so rich and delicious.Liverpool Steak: big fat juicy seared really good steak, the only minor thing was it was a little to salty for my taste. Other than that, it's all good.When you're in montreal....give this place a try and make sure to make reservation ahead of time...It's a popular restaurant...
5	Wow!  This place is amazing!  The service was incredible and the food out of this world!  The whole meal was suggested by our waiter and it was delicious!  I had Chavel in other words horse!!!  Delicious!!!  If you go to Montreal you need to try this place!
5	Above & beyond expectations. We are in town for our honeymoon and had a reservation at Liverpool House last night and a reservation for Joe Beef tonight. Honestly, the basis for our trip was to try these two restaurants. We had an excellent experience from start to finish at Liverpool House. It should be on everyone's list when coming to Montreal. The service was excellent - our server took time to explain the menu, as we are not French speakers, so don't be intimidated! The lobster spaghetti was unbelievable...a must-try!! Very much looking forward to Joe Beef tonight!
4	Whoosh! Our first dining experience in Montreal and how glorious it was. Thankfully, a friend of mine was able to get us a late reservation on the Thursday we arrived. We were shown to our table, a teensy affair jammed next to the people behind us. It's dark, sexy, intimate... but they were playing Biggie, Timberlake and all these 90s hits. Love the juxtaposition. We ordered a glass of wine, a beer, half a dozen oysters and the pancetta to start. Those oysters? Best I've ever had, hands down. They were the Southlake kind and when you add some of their magic mignonette, a perfect bite. Our dinner was comprised of a giant sirloin and lobster spaghetti, two things which our server indicated were always on the menu. The lobster spaghetti was creamy, buttery awesomeness topped with in-shell lobster. I still don't know what they did to that steak but it was red all the way through with a char that can only come from some serious kitchen equipment. Here's what's good to know about this spot: -- The small tables/area is pretty typical of Montreal restaurants (we were quick to learn) but it's really packed in there. If I wanted to move, either the person behind me had to or I had to basically shift my chair 90 degrees every time.-- The menu is written on the chalkboard wall. Yes, this is cool in theory - especially since the menu changes a lot -- but in practice makes it quite difficult to order. Either you're hovering over someone trying to read the menu on the wall or craning your neck from the table. Neither of those are deal breakers but it's something to be apprised of before you go in. Our service was excellent, the place is spendy but not outrageously so for what you get and I'm just sorry we didn't have room for the foie gras.
4	The staff couldn't have been any nicer, or more fun, or accommodating.  Top notch.  The food is fantastic!!  I was with a group so we did our best to try as much as we could.  Bread & butter, pickles, mushroom bread, tomato salad.  All amazing.  I had a chicken and mushroom dish which was comforting, savory, and just right.  The only draw back is that the menu is all on one chalkboard in the main room.  Its a little awkward. A very minor detail I think.
3	Good, not great. We could only get a reservation at the bar, where we had a great time chatting with the bartender/server and learning about Montreal (and other eateries and bars). The atmosphere was excellent, but the food left something to be desired.There is no paper menu here - apparently, Montreal is really big on chalkboard menus that you must walk to in order to see what's available. No matter, we ordered three appetizers: brussel sprouts, rabbit nuggets, and mussels.  The brussel sprouts were good - very well cooked and seasoned, albeit a bit salty. The rabbit nuggets and the mussels left something to be desired: the mussels were VERY bready (maybe 3:1 ratio breadcrumbs to actual edible mussel), and the rabbit nuggets, while good, were mainly big cooked globs of bechamel sauce with a little rabbit inside.For dinner, we got the chicken and the hangar steak. The chicken was well seasoned, but difficult to eat. It had a gamey, homey feel - pleasant and comforting, but nothing special. The steak was very rare, and also very salty. Nothing remarkable.To finish, we had an apple bread pudding dessert. It was very good. The cocktails we had were also excellent.Overall, I would give the restaurant 3.5 stars - 3 stars for the food, and an extra half-star for the great staff, cocktails (the 'hard lemonade' - it's served in a mason jar - is the bomb). Don't be too bummed if you miss it during your visit to Montreal, there are so many delicious places to eat.
5	First of all, they were incredibly polite and accommodating. We called early in the evening and while they said they were completely booked, they told us to come down and they'd squeeze us in, which they did, three minutes after we walked in the door.The service was excellent,. Jean-Phillipe was very polite, attentive, and he made us feel immediately at home from the second he stepped to our table. We explained that we couldn't read the menu, which was entirely in french, so he did us the favor of describing some of the appetizers for us. He'd periodically check in on us throughout the evening, usually to gauge our reactions to the food, which were a mix of ravings and silence, due to being completely at a loss for words.The food was incredible. Not even joking, it was the best meal I can remember having... ever. We started with the brussel sprouts which blew my mind. I'd never had them quite like this. I believe they fried them in beef fat, and dressed them with a cider/honey/hotsauce concoction that was absolutely perfect. Oh and the mussels. Not too briny, fresh and delicious.Horse filet. I never ever thought in a million years I'd eat horse, but I did, and it was amazing. Very similar to beef, but slightly more tender, and just as, if not more delicious.The lobster pasta plate was huge and the pasta perfectly cooked. Creamy sauce with so much lobster. The two of us barely dented it, and I'm looking forward to the leftovers.We finished the meal off with the sticky toffee pudding. I'm a big dessert eater, and my date isn't, but she raced me to the last bite.All in all, it was a wonderful experience and after I got up from the table, I wanted to walk into the kitchen and open mouth kiss the chef so he could taste everything I just did.Thank you Jean-Phillipe and everyone at the Liverpool House, next time I'm in town, I'll be sure to come by.
4	Everything was delicious. Loved that the wine and food menus were written on a chalkboard. The decor was lovely. The Brussels sprouts were to-die for. I could've eaten that as my entree. The cauliflower, on the other hand, was so-so.The fish and chicken were out of this world! My boyfriend and I were so stuffed by the end of the meal because we are every last bite.I gave it four stars because, although I live in NYC, it was quite pricey (we didn't even get wine because it was so expensive). Definitely worth going to for a special occasion and for an incredible meal.Made our Montreal visit lovely.
5	Reservations are a must at this place and even then be prepared to wait. Even with 9:30pm reservations we weren't seated until about 10pm. The host did provide us with drinks while we waited which is a nice way to bide our time. Why the 5 stars still? Because the food and service were still damn good. Plus, while waiting for our table I was able to read over the chalkboard menu in the main dining room. The food was amazing and the staff were very attentive and helpful. Started with a parfait of fois gras and deep fried Brussels sprouts as appetizers. The sprouts are tossed in a vinaigrette which really brightens up their nutty flavor. The fois gras was served in a small mason jar and served with triangles of bread. The stars of the evening were the entrees. Not sure if they're meant to be eaten 'family style' but the portions lend themselves to sharing with your table. We ended up getting the spaghetti lobster and sirloin steak - surf and turf! These apparently are permanent fixtures on their rotating menu and I can see why. If you only plan to visit this fine establishment once in your life, do yourself a favor and get the spaghetti lobster. If that was the only dish I tried that evening there then I honestly would have left completely satisfied. As soon as the dish hit the table we were hit with the aroma of lobster and butter. The noodles were cooked perfectly al dente. If I could, I would've licked the plate clean to get all that delicious sauce. The steak was cooked exactly to medium and the kitchen sliced it for us to make it much easier to share. They also sent out a side of lentils with roasted squash on the house to accompany our other dishes.The final tab for dinner for two with drinks but without desserts because we were completely stuffed from dinner, came out to a little over $100/person. The place is loud, cramped and tiny, but all totally worth it if you're looking to have an amazing dinner. Be aware they do not accept Amex.
