1	A long review isn't necessary. All I need to say is this: called for a cab using their app, and got stuck with a cab driver that DIDN'T KNOW WHERE THE AIRPORT WAS. And this happened to me... twice. Same cab company. Deleted. Forever.
4	Well, Rachel's review is hilarious and that would merit one star from me as well, but just to add my recent experience: I called Taxi Champlain to get a pickup on a corner where I was stuck with a large amount of stuff I couldn't carry. The dispatcher told me he couldn't send a cab without an address then HUNG UP ON ME. So I called Diamond and the dispatcher was super nice and friendly, said no problem he'd send someone to the corner and when the car arrived it was in way better condition than cars I'd had recently from Champlain, the driver helped me load and unload all my stuff and he had a *gasp* professional gps and credit/debit machine. I'll be calling these guys first next time... though maaaybe not for an airport run. ;)
1	Well, we missed our train out of Montreal because the rude receptionist didn't "understand my accent" (I'm from New York) and the cab showed up at the wrong house. When we called back the receptionist told us it was too late and that there were no more cars for me, and that it was my fault. I don't understand how a cab company can be so disorganized and unprofessional that they would blame the customer for their lack of competence. It is their ONLY job, couldn't they double check that they had the address right?? Long story short I'm stuck in Montreal for another day.
1	Completely useless - doesn't matter whether you call in French or English, they are always late and drivers don't follow directions when you give them shortcuts. Called 1/2 hour in advance for 8 AM pick up on a SUNDAY to go to the airport: taxi arrived 15 minutes late; called for 11pm pickup at retail address: taxi never came ... No more Diamond. Ever. Again.
1	For a 8 dollar trip, the driver charged me 10 (25% tip) even when I ask my money back. Then he refused to give my money back. When I called to make complaints, nobody ever answered.
1	I seem to write a lot of reviews for horrible service, but to me service is important. I pre-booked a minivan taxi to the airport with Taxi Diamond because my mom and grandparents had quite a bit of luggage. I knew there would be traffic because it's downtown Montreal and we're leave at 4:30. Having a flight at 7 makes traffic inevitable and we knew that, that's why we wanted to leave earlier. When the taxi driver came and found out we're going to the airport he was very frustrated...at us. Simply because he wasn't "planning" on going to the airport, and doesn't want to drive through traffic. I asked him if he was the taxi I called for because I couldn't think of a better reason to his horrible behavior. He said he was and finally after a few minutes of looking displeased we were in the van and on our way. The worst part isn't even over. During our ride, he repeatedly buried his face in his hands and threw his arms up in the air to gesture at the "bad" traffic. Honestly it wasn't even bad. We got to the airport at 5:07. People who work in the service industry should seriously evaluate their attitude and behavior towards their customers. Even my grandparents who can't understand a word of English knew the taxi driver was being rude, and it made them feel extremely uncomfortable. I do not recommend this service. Call Atlas or even better, Uber.
5	My husband and I are spending nearly 5 months in Montreal, and when going out for dinner, where we'll usually share a bottle of wine, we use the Diamond Taxi app to summon a car. We find their service incredible. After the first couple of times, we learned we needed to be completely ready to leave our 3rd floor condo, otherwise we were keeping the taxi waiting. Each driver we've had has been patient with my attempts at French, very professional and personal. Wish every city had cab service this good.
3	I'm naturally very uncomfortable in cabs. I much prefer a 30 minute night bus to a 10 minute $15 cab ride. Sadly I broke my knee and was 2 night busses away from home so I cracked and called a cab to get me home from the hospital. The service upset me because they gave me trouble over the fact that I didn't have the hospitals address which is ludicrous to me. The driver on the other hand was amazing. He moved my bags over the back seat for me so I'd have more room to try and crawl my sorry butt in. He had music on low volume but made a point to ask me if his music bothered me, even made an illegal turn to get me in closer to my front door and offered to help me in. Meh on the brand, but I can guarantee they have at least one awesome driver.
1	Long waits to speak to an attendant. Then they lie repeatedly about the estimated time of arrival.  Finally the taxi never showed.  Avoid this shitty company.
1	This cab company is a completely unprofessional. After our passed our destination and we pointed out he was passing it he got mad at us and told us we need to tell him when to stop? We gave him the exact address! Oh, and he wouldn't turn his meter off when driving back to our stop. When it came time to pay we wanted our change back and he took about 3 minutes to get it obviously because he was hoping we would say screw it. Terrible cabbies
1	Cab was all smoky when we got in.  Despite having windows open during the 20 minute ride, the smoke never completely cleared. Upon getting out of the cab, I noticed my butt was wet! (The cab seat apparently had been significantly damp, but not enough to notice right away.) Not a great experience.
