4	I've finally taken the plunge and signed my soul to the devil for 6 months of bronze beauty. I generally like to take summer off and just spray tan so now that fall is approaching I felt the need to cement my tan for awhile.I like this Salon, with new equipment that so far seems taken care of and cleaned. The spray tan aka versa spa is awesome and the best way to go if you wanna 'fake in bake' the healthy way, it's expensive around 35$ a pop I don't feel bad afterwards it generally lasts 3 days.Most of the front desk is pleasant, helpful and sweet. I'll be baking my buns in the body heat beds and yelping as my color develops!
2	I think this place just doesn't hit the mark. I canceled my membership recently for two reason, first is I purchased a spray tanning package 4 tans for 35-40$ can't remember which but the attendant only ever credited me 3 tans, she mentions several times in our conversation "oh yeah your three tans." Then I corrected her, "I thought it was four tans?" She mumbles "Yeah, four." I notice she doesn't fix anything in the computer, my brains works honey. If you just said 3 you probably put 3 in the computer, so I asked again, "You sure you put 4 not 3?" She answered "Yeah, dont worry about it."So, I tan in a bed and leave. I don't think twice except i'll MAKE SURE to ask next time someone else is working besides her. So next time I tan, I ask... and sure enough she only put 3. And I explained the situation to the nice girl who said she take it up with the manager and fix my account. After the whole experience, they did credit my account for the right amount of tans and apologized it still doesn't feel right.There was a bunch of other random fee that popped up with the beginning of the membership, which just seems shady. If you wanna charge more just be up front about it. I'm not stingy, I could pay 50-100$ a month for a tan, I HAVE BEFORE. Another recommendation would be stop putting little cards and useless crap advertising in the actual tanning bed. Put a table or something then the customer doesn't have to waste time and effort removing it every time they tan.
5	Most of the staff is super friendly. Store is always clean! Although I prefer this location, there are so many around town, so no matter where I'm at I can find a salon. Good prices for the beds and lots of bed choices. This location isn't always too busy so I can get in and out in a reasonable amount of time and speak with the girls behind the counter with my questions and not feel like I'm taking up their time or holding up other customers.  Love their lotion selection. I never buy online. I did once and the lotion was clearly expired and disgusting. I suggest you always come to a salon and purchase from them. They are certified distributors. The employees know this and want me to get the best color I can get. All in all, great customer service. I love my tan.
4	This is a great place to tan! I've just recently joined, but I have no complaints so far! The prices are a little high, but its convenient for me, therefore I'm willing to pay for the convenience! All the of the girls that work there have been great and really friendly, the guys not so much! Overall it is great, and I would recommend it to any of my friends!
1	My wife goes to the one on Charleston and sloan and every week she goes at least twice a week they tell her to go to another location cause they can't get there tanning machine to work and she pays $150 a month wow what a solution so she called corporate and told them and was hung up on now that's class
