3	For good deals on hiking boots/tennis shoes I shop Big 5 every few months despite membership at REI for a long time.  I first learned about Hi-TEC boots while some of the AZ Yelpers were in kindergarten.  I made a big mistake of hiking in work boots on my first ten mile coastal hike with stream crossings followed by climbing a ridge on a fire road near Malibu. I also used cheap cotton socks which didn't help the situation either.  I had to nurse quarter size blisters for several months.  In the interim I learned about the necessity for good fitting hiking boots and hiking socks.On my next hike I had purchased my first pair of Hi-TEC hiking boots and padded socks.  Since then both light and heavy duty boots but still like Hi-TECs for short to medium hikes.  Three years ago I learned Big 5 stocked Hi-TECs and seemed to put them on sale fairly often.  I have worn out two pairs but at half the price or less than REI it is not worth my trouble or time and now gas to go to REI.  I just purchased two pairs of Hi-TEC El Dorados so should be set for several more years.   Happy Hiking...Hi-TEC Update:  The El Dorado model has superior ease in "sliding" my foot in and out plus "tie ability" with a raised  loop and hook vs. my oldest Quantum model with a loop and my more recent Mckenzie with double hooks.  The Quantum, although more colorful, is being retired and I hope it doesn't end up in Canadian waters with a foot in it... (especially my foot)....
2	Big 5 reminds me of Big Lots of sporting goods.. It's a bit jumbly and messy, and the quality is middle ground to low end.  So alot of the items here would be cheaper, fine if you want a headlamp that's just good enough to eat your meal in the dark while camping or cheap snowboarding gear to start with let's say...
3	I am familiar with other Big 5 locations but was new to this store. My husband was looking for new softball cleats so we headed over to do some shopping. We waited for a while for someone to help us in the shoe department and we eventually had to seek someone out. My husband found what he was looking for and their prices seemed to be very reasonable. I will probably return here when I'm in the market for this type of product.
5	I needed a new bite valve for my generic CamelBak at 8 PM on the night before a hiking/camping trip.At first I was a little disappointed I couldn't just buy a new bite valve...but they do carry them for the CameBak brand bladders, but not for my generic one. I ended up buying a whole new CamelBak bladder.After my trip I was really glad I just boughtt it because it is awesome, and was much better than my old one. The new CamelBak water reservoirs are legit, although those kudos also go to CamelBak...but anyway. I thought the staff was friendly enough to review a chain. I doubt people care about the reviews for stores like Big 5, Sports Authority, Sports Chalet, etc. because they're all chains but I cared enough to provide positive feedback for this location. I was here late, probably as they were hoping to get wrapped up for the night and they were nice and genuinely wanted to help out. I was even able to buy my Tonto recreation pass and stickers for my watercraft here too. They sell trout stamps, permits, etc. Thanks for bailing me out at 8 PM and being nice about it, Big 5 on Hayden Road. I'll be back.
2	I hate to say this but thos particular location has a poor selection. Not to mention it seemed the entire staff even the manager had attitude. I don't believe one customer in the store got greated by staff when they entered or exited the building. I'd rather take my business else where customers are welcome.
2	I don't really get Big 5 Sporting Goods. They advertise low prices, but when you go in they seem to only carry last season's styles. It almost seems like they are a sporting goods outlet. That being said, if you don't need the latest styles this is a good place to go and for basics like workout shirts and shorts. Plus, the clearance racks will often have the stuff you wanted a few years ago but might not have felt like paying full price for. As for sporting goods, the problem is that the name-brand stuff isn't that much cheaper than going to a store like Sports Authority, Sports Chalet, or Dick's.Overall, it's worth a visit, but don't set your expectations too high.
4	I like Big 5. This location is right next door to my house so I come here a lot. It's a great place to run into when you need something last minute before a camping trip or a bike ride or something (I've bought several replacement bladder things for my Camelbak here). The staff has always been helpful and friendly and you can also buy passes for the Tonto National forest here if you are going camping for 6 bucks a piece. It's no Bass Pro Shop, but it still gets the job done for your basic outdoor needs.
1	TERRIBLE customer service!  I like Big 5 as a whole and have been a loyal customer for years, but will do whatever I can to avoid this specific location (Hayden Rd) from now on.  I walked in with my kids to return a pair of cleats my son didn't like, went directly to the front register where I found no associates, waited a few moments, still no store employees to greet me or see if I needed help.  Walked around the front counter and front portion of the store, STILL no employees in sight.  No greeting me, no asking if I needed help with anything - which in fact I DID. So I decided to go about my shopping and went and found another pair of cleats that he did like (mind you the cleats we were looking at were still right next to the front counter).  We then remembered we also needed bike inner-tubes and by this point (about 10 minutes after initially walking in the store) there was a cashier near the front counter, however still oblivious to us being customers and ignoring us.  I asked where their inner tubes were and she seemed annoyed and pointed to the area of store they kept them.  After realizing they didn't have the sizes we needed in stock, we decided to exchange the cleats and leave.  I walked back up to the counter where the same female employee who was still clearly unconcerned with our presence was eating her dinner.  I told her I needed to exchange some shoes I bought earlier with the new ones I picked out.  She got all huffy and puffy that next time I needed to bring the shoes directly to her at the front (acting as if I stole them.... ummmm excuse me?! I DID WHEN WE FIRST WALKED IN AND THERE WAS NO EMPLOYEE IN SIGHT FOR OVER 5 MINUTES!!  By this time, the manager/supervisor was standing behind her, also zero regards towards me or any of the other customers in the store, and allowed her to talk to me this way after I had already told her there was nobody up front when we walked in (and I had my receipt so she had no reason to act like this). She continued to check me out and emitting a bad attitude the entire time.  I feel very disrespected and treated like a criminal in front of my kids and all the other customers standing nearby. No customer should ever be treated this way!  Our entire experience was bad.  ****Big 5 - Try greeting your customers and asking if they need help instead of acting like we're bothering you!  I will be taking this issue up with corporate immediately!
5	Good prices, friendly staff, and great selection of sporting goods!
3	Not bad. Fairly small location. Staff was friendly, selection is kind of lacking.
