4	I made an appointment online about a week in advance.  I had my pick of times to choose from booking so far in advance.  They were located in a small medical plaza on W Flamingo Rd/S Buffalo Dr in Las Vegas.  They are open Monday-Friday from 7 am-4 pm.I walked in and got my labs drawn with very little wait since I had an appointment.  Other people without an appointment had a 45-60 minute wait.I will be back in 2 weeks to have some standing labs drawn.
3	This was my second visit for routine labs.  I had an appointment. The 3 gals at the front desk wore scrubs, but not one of them had a name tag on.The receptionist/phebotomist took my insurance card and standing lab orders and entered everything in the computer just like she did 2 weeks ago.   She then called me to the back to draw my blood.  She inserted the needle and fished around for a vein.  This was the first time I ever felt light-headed.She then got a butterfly needle and stuck the back of my hand to draw the 2 tubes of blood.  This was the first time a phebotomist could not find a vein in my antecubital and had to stick my hand.  Ouch!I will be back in 2 weeks.
1	I've never went through Labcorp before. Have always gone through Quest Diagnostics. After driving to 2 different places, I finally ended up here as it was closer to work. The 2 ladies in the front did not seem very nice. The black lady only seemed to be nicer towards her kind. The asian lady, I can barely hear what she was saying. She asked for a credit card and didn't explain why. I told her that I dont want anything charged onto this cause it was my debit card not a credit card but she said oh nothing will be charged. After everything was done she said you need to stay here for 2 hours and told me why...I was a bit upset because I wasn't aware the test my dr ordered I had to be there for 2hrs but it wasn't their fault so whatever. She also had me sign something then said, whatever the insurance doesn't pay, it will get charged to your card and I'm like but what if I don't have enough? It's a freakin debit card! And she was like well you should've told me, I already processed it! How can I tell you, if you didn't tell me before hand what was going on?All in all, the people there I do no like. You have one that talks so low and you can't hear shit. The other one is just rude as hell. I don't think I'll ever come to this location ever again.
1	Don't do it. Zero stars is more accurate. The understaffed, mismanaged and unprofessional employees are miserable and hate being there as much as the patients do. There are other locations where you'll be treated with respect and save at least an hour of your day.
1	Over an hour wait...with appointment...for a freaking blood draw?Unfortunately the location nearest to me closed. They never kept me waiting for more than 5 mins. Find another location. It HAS to be worth the drive. If you have the option, use Quest diagnostics. I've NEVER had over an hour wait at Quest, even as a walk in.
1	Simple Pros & Cons:Pros:Good Location if you're closeCons:Extremely unprofessional and rude staff (3 of 3 times I went)By appt were behind in schedule even in the morning - attendance?Place was like mid 60s or below, people were staring at each other with fear when AC woudl turn on, while it's 100 outside. Without appointment I waited for over an hour then asked staff when might I be finally taken in approximately and was told, "I don't know", so I finally left. In Sum - Unless you want mental abuse from the staff, waste of time for the wait, and flu from other people and mid-low 60s freeze, go to the "normal" Summerlin Labcorp, if even a little drive more.
1	Staff is completely rude!!!! 2/2 times I been here!!! Only 3 people ahead of me waiting for a blood draw and they take almost an hr to get to me. The staff need to learn to be more nice and change their tone of their voice. Especially the lady with the boy hair cut. She could learn some manners. Being rude to everyone is very unprofessional. From now I will be going to a different location.
1	Im still here so I can't rate this experience as a whole but based on the first 10 minutes it was not a good one. The front desk girl named rose has an attitude like no other and could not give a hoot about customer service or making you feel welcome. She is on robotic mode. Let's hope the rest of this visit goes well....Finished the appointment before I decided to post and the rest of the appointment went great. Would love to rate the back office with 5 stars.
