4	Love having access to a cool hang out in my neck of the woods!  The neighborhood is lucky to have The Lodge!  The bar area is my preference...low key, good music, TV access, great drink specials, & awesome food! Went for dinner and as usual, had a great bartender/server:  knowledgeable, attentive, & personable.  Had the pot roast and a side of mac n cheese per the server's suggestion.  It was some of the best I've ever had and I was lucky enough to have leftoverst!  :)WIDE variety of drinks and menu items!  You definitely need to check out THE LODGE....
4	Great neighborhood joint.  Decent menu.  It can get crowded on Friday and Saturday evenings with long waits.  Great place to watch a game or down a few cold ones.  Service is OK (not bad, but not great).
3	Son and 4 year old granddaughter had a really nice lunch today in this combo sports bar/roadside cafe decor place.  Granddaughter told us that this is one of her favorite places!Plenty of sandwiches and an optional build-your-own hamburger with choices of bison, beef, salmon, pork, chicken and others that I don't remember because their menu of pulled draft beers was quite extensive, backed up with a long list of bottled brews.The list of side dishes, that come with meals is extensive and well done.Portions were fine, not stingy and not too grand.  Service was tops and friendly without the formula pushing for additional items to order.Perfect for children and not loud due to the tall ceiling.  Out door patio had lots of room and in cooler weather there were heaters.  Cool is not a heat problem during Charlotte summers.
4	This place is a little better than the average Bar food.   There is a nice variety and some healthier selections.  I love their wedge salad!  The beer  selection is also very nice - they have the usual and more.  It's a fun casual place to go.
4	One of our favorite places.  Great beer, amazing BLT, plenty of choice for burgers, great for kids, friendly staff
4	Ok...four adults and two children, 5 & 2.5. Could be a disaster in the making, but The Lodge pulls it off with the help of Melissa P., our server.Outside on the fenced patio it was comfy and the service as good as inside.  Lots of beers, a handful of drafts and a full bar.This is a favorite of our granddaughter.  Only down side is that the patio looks out on TCBY yogurt, so the kids, watching many other children coming out with "ice cream" started the suck pump and we ultimately did go next door to accommodate them.  Have not been in any yogurt shop in years, so had not idea as to what they did.  Not a bad idea to go there, as this TCBY has 10 yogurts and a raft of toppings.  I think the kids just want the toppings, so you can economize be going light on the yogurt that they don't want to eat anyway.  You pay by the pound.Ok...up from three stars.  Everyone will be happy.  But is can be a mob scene on Friday and Saturday nights, so come early or be prepared to wait to join the raucous crowd.  I can be really crowded and noisy.
4	Completely surprised by this little dive of a place, and when I say "dive", I probably mean in appearance only. The joint is very kid-friendly - at least judging by the crayon-like scribbles on the walls.The menu is one of those that has your eyes getting bigger with each item and pointing "I want that, and that, and that" so that finally you just have to close your eyes and point at something or you will quite possibly be there all day.Luckily the staff is nice enough that you probably could sit there all day if you wanted to foot the bill and managed to stuff yourself well enough. The place isn't huge, however, so they might kick you out if a sudden rush of customers came along. Or at least ask if they could steal any chairs you weren't using.
4	We went to the Lodge for the first time on a Friday night. I couldn't decide what I wanted to eat, but I knew I wanted to find a new place (new to me) in South Charlotte, so I took a bunch of spins on Urban Spoon, until this place came up. It looked like a cool casual place, which was just what we were in the mood for. Since it was a Friday night, there was a little bit of a wait, but not too bad, maybe about 20 minutes.The atmosphere was robust! They had a bunch of tvs over the bar, as well as back by the tables. The NCAA tournament was going on, so every television was turned to either one of those games, or SportsCenter. I ordered the build it yourself burger. I got the bison burger, with cheese, wasabi may, and jalapenos. Much to my surprise (and delight), it came with huge, FRESH, jalapenos. It was cooked just right, and it was delicious. My husband ordered the cuban, and although I didn't have a bite myself, he said it was good.Both of us got the garlic tots on the side, and they were delicious. Also, there were tons of them; I couldn't even finish them. We could have split the side order for sure.The service is what you would expect in a sports bar type atmosphere; attentive enough, but not fussy.I will definitely go back, and would recommend this place when in the mood for a burger!
2	Really wanted to like this place as it is convenient to my place. The fried pickles were pretty good - a little too thick but good and hot and crispy. The fried fish sandwich was terrible and I couldn't eat it. The bun was grilled and hard as a rock and the tartar sauce tasted like nothing but lemon juice (and I love lemon!). I tried taking the fish out of bun and eating it plain and even that wasn't good (maybe it was old?). My friend had a burger and he said it was OK but he wouldn't order it again....  Took forever to get drink refills.Another place to mark off my list :(
4	Went here on a weeknight at 6:30PM for dinner. A good crowd but tables were available. There is a bar area and there is also outside seating.Waitstaff was friendly and did a good job. Menu has standard tavern fare: burgers, sandwiches, salads. Quality seems pretty good. The atmosphere is nice, too; sporty with lots of memorabilia adorning the walls and customer-written graffiti on the walls and chalkboards but not in a chain-restaurant-flair sort of way.I had a buffalo chicken wrap, which was good. Unfortunately, the side item that was included with my meal cost me an extra $1.75 because it was the fruit cup instead of other sides such as fries, tater tots, mac/cheese,or onion rings.
4	Great beer selection, friendly bartenders, fun trivia night, better-than-average bar food.This bar is located where I grew up in southeast Charlotte. I make it a point to stop in whenever I'm home. During the day you'll find families eating in the dining room and at night the typical crowd is local twenty/thirty-somethings. Not quite a dive bar, not quite a sports bar. There is generally live acoustic music on the weekends and trivia is every Tuesday. Trivia night really brings out the local characters and can get competitive. The first ones to the bar on gamedays get first pick of what games go the bigscreens in the bar, kinda cool. My only complaint is the location- I wish it were stand-alone and not in a stripmall. Try the fried pickles!
5	Went to The Lodge today after church for the first time.  Waitstaff was excellent, and the food was too!  Highlights for our table were the fried chicken, which is the Sunday special, the fried pickles, the tater tots, and my wife had the patty melt.  We'll definitely return.
3	Ok it's the age of the Internet... No menu on line... Really?
4	Great beer selection, and delicious food.
3	I just had lunch at the Lodge for the first time. i was impressed with the decor and the food was excellent. I ordered the chicken ceasar wrap but I observed the Spicy Chicken Sandwich, Bill's Fish sandwich, and one of the burgers that my colleagues ordered. They all looked really good - lots of food. Service was prompt and the wait staff were pleasant and nice. It was a little pricey for me but given the amount of food/portions it is probably about right. When we received our bill I was surprised and confused about a service charge that appeared to be about 20%. My chicken wrap meal with water was up at $12.45 with the cost and the $2.00 service charge. I didn't understand the service charge and it wasn't explained to me so I can only speculate that it was put on our bill because we had them split the ticket among the five patrons; seems like an excessive amount to charge for splitting a ticket. I can't be going to The Lodge for lunches if it's going to cost nearly $15 with tipeach time. There are plenty of places around that will deliver food just as good for $10 or less.
5	Think of Cheers.  If you go more than once you're family here.  The menu is varied and all done well.  The beer list is constantly rotating and they do a great job with the local brewers.  Staple of the neighborhood. Favorites:Sliders: pork, chicken, or kobe Salmon bltChiliRib Thursdays Spicy chicken sandwich Tarot tots
3	My husband and I just moved here from Atlanta and we checked out the Lodge in an effort to find a nice local restaurant to frequent. The atmosphere on the patio was great and the service was quick. I wasn't overly impressed with the food, but I will definitely return and try a few more things on the menu.
5	Great drink specials and bar staff... go by and see Jill, she is the best!
4	Grandchildren love it and so do we.  Great menu and plenty of choices.  Wait staff very accommodating and especially nice to children.I like the burger choices:  meat, toppings and there are lotsa.  Children's menu is more than hot dogs and chicken tenders.Outdoor patio is great and in the hot humid summers it is in the shade of other buildings in the evenings, so therefore useable.They also have lots of beers on hand.
5	Wow, I was really surprised at how good this place was! I drive by it all the time and always considered it just to be pub food so I never actually tried it until looking through google results for something good near where I live. This is by far not your average pub, the food is fantastic. I have had several of their create your own hamburgers and they are cooked to perfection and seasoned just right. The garlic tots are awesome and something different other than french fries. They have a good beer selection including seasonal/local options as well. The service was spectacular and the restaurant/bar area is separate enough that it is also family friendly.
4	Where everybody know your name will hit you when you walk in. It is a great local watering hole even if nobody knows my name when I walk in because we don't come here enough. We really should though as it has a wide beer selection and terrific bar food. The ribeye sandwich is scrumptious.
5	Great atmosphere and food. Love the collards! Wait staff really accommodating. Best bartender is Eric. My kids also love going there and writing on the chalk board walls.
4	Glad to have this place in our neighborhood!  Great food and great atmosphere.  Nice to learn they use and support our local farmers.  Love the specials.  Bass Baha Tacos were awesome.
4	Went here on a weeknight at 6:30PM for dinner. A good crowd but tables were available. There is a bar area and there is also outside seating.Waitstaff was friendly and did a good job. Menu has standard tavern fare: burgers, sandwiches, salads. Quality seems pretty good. The atmosphere is nice, too; sporty with lots of memorabilia adorning the walls and customer-written graffiti on the walls and chalkboards but not in a chain-restaurant-flair sort of way.I had a buffalo chicken wrap, which was good. Unfortunately, the side item that was included with my meal cost me an extra $1.75 because it was the fruit cup instead of other sides such asfries, tater tots,
1	I won't ever return. They obviously don't care about anyone except the bottom line. They have a little corner bar thing but why bother
3	food decent. Please don't let little kids sit at the bar, or in the bar area,  when adults are waiting to sit and have a beer!!!!  They are not 21, do not need to be sitting at a bar!
5	Went here on a weekend and was really pleased with the service and food. The selection of drinks is very robust along with a great bar menu. I had the custom burger and it was excellent. Both of my kids ate all of their food as well - which is saying a lot! The service was attentive and very friendly.
4	With an outstanding beer selection, good food and a family-friendly atmosphere, The Lodge is South Charlotte's quintessential neighborhood pub. The bison burger is terrific, the nachos superb ... and did I mention the beer selection? More than 15 wonderful taps, most of which call the Tarheel State home. We're fast-becoming Friday night regulars, and our kids don't mind a bit.
5	This place is awesome! I can't believe how many times I've driven past it without going in. The food was AMAZING!! They also have a great local beer selection - most of the local breweries have a beer or two on tap, which is awesome!We ordered the jalapeno poppers as our starter and they we delicious. It comes with 6 poppers, which is perfect for an app. I got the cuban sandwich with a side of mac n cheese.  The sandwich was perfect and the mac and cheese was too - can be hit or miss at some places.  My husband got the philly cheesesteak and loved it. He wasn't too impressed with the coleslaw he got on the side - I tried some and I was with him on that.  The coleslaw was pretty bland and a weird texture - not the usual shredded cabbage that coleslaw is made with, so aside from that, I would recommend anything else!Can't wait to go back and try out more food!
1	Change of mind!!! I have never been treated so disrespectfully and my kids treated so poorly than my experience at the Lodge. Such a shame because it was my favorite neighborhood pub.... an Olde Providence staple... Why do I have to keep track of who took my order.  an hour later no food and with only two servers neither remembered taking our order.......  You think they got the last laugh as they heckled my 6 and 10 year old as we left the restaurant in front of other patrons during trivia night....  All we wanted was a quick dinner after SCRA football .I will make it my business to go out of my way to discourage anyone to ever go there... that's how upset I am...instead a never again...
4	With an outstanding beer selection, good food and a family-friendly atmosphere, The Lodge is South Charlotte's quintessential neighborhood pub. The bison burger is terrific, the nachos superb ... and did I mention the beer selection? More than 15 wonderful taps, most of which call the Tarheel State home. We're fast-becoming Friday night regulars, and our kids don't mind a bit.
5	Favorite place in Charlotte!  Good food Good service Good beer selection My husband and I have tried most everything on the menu and it is all wonderful.  We look forward to certain  specials like fried chicken! Yum!
5	Favorite sports bar near ballantyne! Great cozy feel and delicious food! They have a ton of local brews available.
3	Casual atmosphere, bar food, but some good specials. It seems like you just have to know what to order, because it seems hit or miss whenever I go. My husband has more options than I do, because of a gluten allergy. We've tried a lot of different items on their menu. My favorite is the spinach & artichoke dip. They have a wide selection of beer and full bar. Trivia night always draws a crowd and is a lot of fun.
