2	This is a medium sized all you can eat sushi and Asian food buffet.  We went during "Happy Hour" where the price is only $11.95 per adult.  Possibly there are regular menu items that we missed by coming in an off peak time, but I doubt we will go back to find out.Although we like these kinds of restaurants, especially O Nami in San Diego, this is a poor representation.  The sushi is somewhat fresh, but the fish pieces are too large to eat in one bite and the rice quite small, it was an awkward eating experience.  I particularly dislike combo sushis without any labeling and there was none here.  There are also some hot dishes, such as soups, stir fries, fried noodles, and tempura shrimp and vegetables.  These were not bad, but not worth recommending.  The one thing that probably keeps people coming back is the chocolate fountain, which we are not particularly fond of.  The rest of the desserts are forgettable.But the one thing that will definitely keep me away was the MSG headache I got less than hour after eating there.  It's been years since I had to worry about this food additive.  Although my headache was not bad, I don't need this experience again.  Go only if MSG doesn't bother you.
3	All you can eat sushi buffet.  Huge variety of sushi, plus crab legs and shrimp cocktails, 2 different kinds of soups, and a mini buffet.Fantastic quality, very clean (bathrooms) and spacious seating all for $30.  The only reason why I didn't give this a 4 star rating is because you can probably pay an extra $10 for Bellagio/Wynn buffet...but if you love sushi and want to avoid crowds in the casinos this is the place for you!I also like this place for 2 other reasons:1.  Very very very cute Japanese waitress that I couldn't stop drooling over.2.  I didn't have to pay because of credit card roulette  :)
3	Would get a 5 star, except for the nighttime price. When we first went there, the prices were not clearly posted. The food was excellent and the nighttime selection is very good, complete with a dessert buffet that does Creme Broulet and a chocolate fountain.They also lose points for charging for drinks. Very few buffets in the Vegas Valley do this, because it's extremely bad business. --We did try this again a second time for their Happy Hour. The selection was not nearly as good, however the food quality was still good. There were a few very rude customers in there, including a pregnant woman berating a chef for refusing to make her specialty food (HELLO!?! This is a buffet, not a regular restaurant. You take what's offered.) and management refusing to remove the rude customers... Unfortunate, but I may return once they have all their bugs worked out.
4	This place would have gotten a 5 star, but they got rid of their Happy Hour prices!  But still not bad for $13.95 per person.  Went on a Sunday for lunch.  The food was great that day, the last time I was there the consistency wasn't the same.  My main love in that place....the sukiyaki beef!  I LOVE LOVE LOVE the fatty beef with the broth, simmering with onions and tofu and cabbage.  Getting hungry just thinking about it!  I could eat plates of it over some rice.Their sushi is normal fare, lots of California type rolls...some with roe on top, some with avocado, and even some with eel on top.  Their best sushi bet is the hand rolls (you have to ask to have them made).  They come out the freshest and taste the best.  For you beginners, go with the California hand roll.  Me, I like the spicy tuna.Lunch that day had a good menu, of course the usuals like fried rice, noodles and tempura.  But they actually had fried oysters that day for lunch too which was unusual because I usually only see them during dinner.  Needless to say, the gf had like 2 dozen of em' because she loves her oysters  (heh heh...good for the libido too *wink**wink*).I wish they didn't charge for drinks, but their peach iced tea (I think it's peach) is really refreshing.  Just ask for iced tea, and it already comes that way.  Their dessert selection for lunch wasn't bad, some strawberry shortcake, some cheesecake, a green tea cake, couple other things I can't remember, and fruit with the chocolate fondue fountain.  They also had the shave ice machine going that day and ice cream too.  My favs are the shave ice with strawberry, and I like the red bean ice cream.  For you folks from Hawaii, ask for a scoop of vanilla ice cream in your bowl before the shave ice goes in there....almost like home!This one is the nicest Makino's in LV, too bad the other new one in Summerlin had to close down.  The decor isn't so 'cafeteria' like the other 2 locations.  I still go here for lunch if I need a sushi fix on the weekends.
4	Went here for a birthday last month and being tired of the minimal sushi at the buffets on the strip this place was the sh%%t if you love sushi.Even if you had 2 of each piece and had minimal helpings on the tempura and other stuff, you'd still be stuffed.We got around 6 and I am not sure when dinner started but everything looked and tasted pretty fresh.  I tasted almost all of the rolls and sashimi but couldn't complain on any of them.I didn't try to much of their other stuff as I wanted to get full off the fish but did try the tempura which was good as well.  I did however take a bite of the bacon wrapped meat but didn't finish the whole piece.  Finished it off with the shave ice.   I wanted to go back when I went back to LV a couple of weeks after but didn't have the time.  Definitely going back the next time.If you are a sushi lover and not a sushi snob that would look down at buffet sushi, this place is for you.
3	of all the makinos in vegas, this is my least favorite food wise... which is sad, seeing that its the closest to my house and is the newest (building wise) to the other ones.- decor is fresh, with hints of traditional japanese or asian tones- the restaurant has a more breathable feel than the other makinos, so it doesnt feel as cramped or crowded- the wait staff and owner (ben) are very nice people- plenty of parking in the lot- relative cheap sushi buffet by vegas standards- i am in love with BEEF SUKIYAKIok heres where it hurts - - the food menu is lackluster at best... im used to seeing creative and special rolls at makinos... but this sushi bar was boring (cali rolls, philly rolls, rainbow rolls, spicy tuna)- where is the sashimi? instead, i had to collect the nigiri and ditch the rice (what a waste of rice)- hot food was just as boring... chicken teriyaki, crab cake, tempura...- the cooks and sushi chefs seemed uninspired, and when i asked which foods are what, it was generally an "i dont know" answer - wrong answer in my book.if you want all you can eat sushi in green valley / silverado ranch; go to sushimon instead... and if you insist in makinos - do the one on decataur, the food is better....
1	Closed down a while ago and is now an Italian restaurant.
