1	I am posting this not out of anger but in hopes that no one will ever have to go through what just happened to us this morning. My Sister-in-law was a few days over due and went to the Dr. She was seeing the midwives. She was in pain and kept being pushed off as a complaining first time pregnant lady. They did not take her seriously even though she knew something was seriously wrong. She went to the hospital that night only to discover there was no heartbeat and her baby passed away that day. The cord was wrapped around his neck 6 times. In the ultrasound earlier in her pregnancy they saw the cord wrapped around his neck but told her not to worry about it. My good friend also went there and had a similar scary situation that landed her baby in the ICU for months. Fortunately her and her baby came out of it ok but it didn't have to happen. I told my sister in law about this before she decided to go to them, but she went anyway because of the whole idea of having a midwife. They must make you feel really warm and fuzzy at first, but at the end don't take you seriously when you actually need them. Now she is sitting in the hospital morning the loss of her baby boy. My opinion, I think you should go to somewhere where you see the same Dr. each visit who will take you seriously and not a "Team" of Dr.s where you see a different person every time and who don't really know you. To VWFW, you should realize pregnant women know their bodies and babies more than anyone and never, ever brush them aside. These Women trust you to. You should know better as Doctors. Shame on you.
1	What a joke.  I'm not interested in ranting and giving this place more attention than it deserves, so I will let the 1 Star speak for itself...and they only get the one because I have to.Quick update - an employee of this place responded to me calling me creepy for posting a review for a gynecologist.   Being with my pregnant wife, interviewing gynecologists, for some reason was creepy....anyways, only further supports my review.  Also, we received a bill (and paid it) for a ridiculous amount, for absolutely nothing.  The process of pregnancy and child birth have been the most wonderful experiences in my life...please don't go here for this.  Anything else, well, that's on you, it would be "creepy" for me to comment on that. :)
1	Waited for 50 minutes in the waiting room,15 minutes in the office and then another 10 minutes in the waiting room again only to be given no exam, no ultrasound and a "doctor" to talk at me for 7 minutes. Feel like telling my insurance company to get their money back. Never returning!!!
5	I love VWFW!! I will never go to another office if I can help it. I usually see Venessa Thompson she's always so full of energy even at the end of the day she's always got a smile on her face. The biggest thing for me about the ladies here is that they take the time to listen and address concerns, and they are so respectful. I had to go to another.. Very commercialized OBGYN across the street to have a procedure done for insurance purposes and I had such a hellish experience. (not asking my consent for a pelvic exam and giving me unnecessary tests!) for anything I've had done with VWFW they always walk me through it and make me feel comfortable and respected.
1	I want to preface my review by saying that Janice at this practice is amazing. She is a wonderful healthcare practitioner and I return to see her for my gynecological care after my pregnancy. I Would recommend Janice to any of my female friends. That being said, I am utterly disappointed and a little outraged at the abysmal quality of care that I received from the midwife program here. I had a healthy and uneventful pregnancy until the last 8 weeks or so. I started having serious and unusual pains, and went in several times and spoke to a couple different midwives about it. It wasn't until I met with Janice that my concerns were taken seriously. Janice didn't hesitate: "That sounds like pre-eclampsia to me," and she ordered blood tests STAT and send me to the ER to get sorted out. Turns out I was mildly pre-eclamptic. Some time went on and my pains got worse. I was doubled over in pain, would be awoken from sleep with a horrific burning sensation like an ulcer. It took me THREE TIMES to see the midwives here before someone could give me an answer besides, "Hmm, yeah that's so weird...yeah, I don't know..."When I was finally scheduled for induction, the hospital had to postpone my appointment. I was crying on the couch in extreme pain that was not responsive to medication. We called the midwife on-call at the hospital that day to ask if there was any way I could be bumped up in line for an induction. One midwife actually told me, "Well, you know...the baby just moves around in there sometimes." Like, WHAT?! I was experiencing bizarre and intense pain that Janice had told me was due to pre-eclampsia and this lady is going to write me off saying I am crying in agony because the baby is moving around? My husband finally had to ask her, "Does my wife need to have a seizure before she can be admitted to get her induction?" The hospital delays were not their fault, but none of the midwives shared our concerns at all about the extreme pain I was in--let alone the DANGER that me and my baby were in. They were completely unhelpful and unsympathetic. I felt betrayed. The nurse who oversaw my room for induction IMMEDIATELY identified my pain as very common with pre-eclampsia patients. My liver was under stress and causing the strange and intense sensations. "We see it here all the time!" she said. Why is it that I can have two people identify my pain without hesitation and acknowledge that it is very common and the rest of the midwives were literally clueless and absolutely useless when it came to providing basic healthcare?With the exception of Janice, NONE of the midwives here seemed knowledgeable at all, they repeatedly ignored my concerns, and I strongly believe they would have let my pre-eclampsia develop much further, placing me and my baby in even greater risk had Janice not stepped in and taken over my care. The day I delivered the midwife on call was telling me she wasn't concerned about my blood pressure or liver enzymes, yet when I walked in I had Janice on the phone confirming her concerns and the doctors and other nursing staff all kicked in to high gear to make sure we were safe and healthy. I didn't get that from the midwives. Frankly, it seemed like they couldn't be bothered that I had concerns. Bottom line: I should not have to go into the office THREE TIMES to get a simple answer to a common, serious pregnancy ailment and I shouldn't have to call the ER four times in one day to be told that my horrific pain is just the baby moving around. Incompetent and untrustworthy. I feel absolutely betrayed by the quality of care here.
2	This is based solely on the Dobson location as I normally go to the Val Vista location. I went to the Dobson location because my normal location had to reschedule but I'm 40 weeks and have to see a doctor, this location was my option. I waited 20 minutes past my appointment time just to get called back. Then I waited another 40 minutes for the doctor to come in. I heard her talking outside the door for a very long time about tacos, insurance, and other nonsense. I was getting pretty angry because I'm sitting with no pants on waiting to be examined, for 40 minutes, while the doctor (I didn't know it was her at the time) was outside my door shooting the shit. It was just a very frustrating experience and I'll never return to this location again.
