1	This company does not return calls and does not pick up the dumpster when you order it picked up!  My client called the company to have a dumpster delivered and requested a pick up 3 days later, it was confirmed and yet never picked up.  As their agent who's attempting to get the property on the market I called on my clients behalf 3 times in one day requesting a call back, giving the property address, my phone number and the day (three days prior) when it was supposed to be picked up.They never called me back.  They never called my client and looks like I'll be driving out there again tomorrow to see if they did their job.If you're looking for a reliable company to deliver a dumpster and pick it up- DO NOT CALL Team Clean and Haul- they do not deliver what they say.T
1	I am the customer that Debbie refers to. I called several times, never receiving a call back. The dumpster was supposed to be picked up on a Fri, that didn't happen.  I called many times Sat, finally someone picked up (quite annoyed, I might add) and I was informed that they had no drivers on Sat and the dumpster would be picked up on Mon.  I was already back in California so I have no idea when it was FINALLY picked up. As our Real Estate Agent,  Debbie was overseeing all business while we were away. Regardless of who's name was on the contract, good customer service would have warranted a return call.  And, as I expressed in the messages I left on Team Cleans voicemail, WE could not begin showing the house with a dumpster in the driveway. If Team Clean would have JUST RETURNED A SINGLE CALL and kindly explained the situation, it would have been easier to overlook their tardiness and they would not have been given a negative review.
5	Team Clean and Haul was recommended to me by a contractor with whom I have frequently worked. I needed a dumpster on short notice. I called in the morning and it was delivered that afternoon. The placement needed to be precise due to property line issues and it was perfect on the first try. The phone staff was very friendly as was the driver and more than once I was told how much my business was appreciated. Very good bunch.
1	Customer service is rude and they are put out to pick up their dumpsters.  I'll never use them again.
