3	Not four-star cuisine, but good Take Out.   As you can tell I am a regular lunch goer on Penn Avenue. The take out food at Fu Lai is always dependable and the price is reasonable.  Because I prefer my food to be a little on the plain side, I always get the chicken with pea pods or the chicken with vegetables.  Very satisfying!
3	I've been eating here for 10 years or so, starting back in my art institute days. The place has stayed stable over the years although the food has dropped a little in quality since the staff changed. But you still can't beat the two entree lunch for $4.92!
1	Unbelievably bad! If the roach crawling up the wall doesn't scare you away the terrible fried rice will. The egg rolls have only cabbage in them. The "chicken" is dark, fatty, and inedible. Don't miss the 100 pound tub of MSG as you walk in. I paid for my food ate half my egg roll noticed the roach, food was then delivered, I took one look at it and threw it out, and left. You should skip this place for sure.
3	It'd been a few years since I've been to Fu Lai and judging by the more recent reviews, it's become hit or miss.  But I was on Penn Avenue last month and I thought I'd stop in for lunch (and yeah, I'm procrastinating on my reviews here).I guess I was there on a "hit" day 'cos my lunch was pretty decent.  I usually get chicken with vegetables or chicken with peapods at places like this.  So I guess you've gotta stick to the basics when eating here.
1	Did not enjoy my meal what so ever.The staff was cold and the seating area was dirty. The place was more of a hole in the wall then I can appreciate. Cheap but your getting what you pay for in quality.
1	If a place downtown isn't busy at lunch time then either you're much more wise than the hundreds of thousands of professionals OR the place stinks.  Fu Lai is the later.  The food was gross and I usually wouldn't say that about a place.  My General Tso's seemed to have been previously frozen and I think I got 100% gristle.  I don't shriek at the sight of MSG, but this place uses a bit much.  I got a whopping 2 pieces of wilted broccoli and 1 sliver of onion in my dish and the sauce ewww the sauce.  Not sure why I stepped into Fu Lai, probably because I wanted some cheap Chinese.  Never going back.
4	don't order the lunch special here. It tastes not good. Try their Chinese lunch. It is about 7 with soup but tastes a lot better. I heard the beef noodle is good too.
3	The rice and dumplings were ok. Delivery was fast and friendly, and they were willing to travel to Beechview, which is a plus in my book. the Beef and Scallops lacked in flavor. The Chinese donuts were decent as were the egg rolls. It wasn't great on my end but not as bad as I thought it would be.
1	I tried to give this place a chance despite it's reviews. It's not worth it. They were very quick (food ordered and delivered in under 25 minutes). The only thing is, my lo mein noodles were way overcooked and didn't have one vegetable in them. The noodles were very bland and almost chewy. My boyfriend's general tso's was less than subpar. The egg roll's didn't even have shrimp in them. Next time, I'll listen to the reviews.
1	Worst Chinese I've had in Pittsburgh. I ordered pork fried rice.
1	The preparation was fast and the price was very reasonable but it doesn't make up for the fact that everything had a bad, weird taste and the food inevitably made us very sick afterwards. We ordered for pick up and they forgot our drinks and plastic ware. I will definitely never order from here again. Absolutely disgusting.
4	Their soups are very good. Best hangover food ever! Delivery took over an hour, but thats the only minus I can think of.
3	Ok for a quick lunch, but definitely falls into the genre of "Dirty Chinese Restaurant".  Service is quick and I can get a filling lunch for less than $5.  Definitely not fancy, but it tastes good and you get what you pay for.
