5	Dilly's Deli is a wonderful spot for lunch. It is NOT a traditional deli. It is more of a "boutique sandwich shop." They offer unique sanwiches with a diverse array of toppings. Everyone in my office likes it and I often take vendors there. They are always impressed.The bread is baked fresh every morning. The bread is toasted on most sandwiches, but they have wraps, salads, and soups too.My favorites are the Yahoo (roast beef, onion, cheese), Blazing Buffalo (turkey, buffalo sauce, lettuce, tomato) and the Gobbler (turkey, cranberry sauce, mayo, lettuce).FYI, this place is MUCH better than the one on Southern Ave in Tempe.Bottom line: Awesome sandwiches.
4	Driving down Scottsdale Road today and was craving Fitness Cafe... but they are closed temporarily for renovations.  Bummer!  So, I went to Dilly's Deli as an alternative and I was pleased.  I had the chicken salad salad.  For $6.19, I thought it was such a deal!  It is a pretty big portion and comes with a slice of fresh bread.  This probably was not the healthiest choice, but it tasted good!  Next time, I will order without croutons as they had a little too much garlic flavor.  Actually, next time I will take Sam's advice and go with a sandwich!Quick, fresh, cheap, and tasty with something for everyone... I'll be back Dilly's!
4	Nice atmosphere. Good food. I had the buffalo on some fluffy fantastic foccacia bread. It was awesome. A combo with a drink and chips came to $9. They have free wi-fi which makes working or using your iPhone a pleasure.
3	3.5 stars.  I like the different selections, etc.  The sandwich choices were way different than what you would find at other places.  I had the Dilly Bird.  It was cracked wheat bread loaded with alfalfa sprouts, turkey and cream cheese.  Yum!Downfall was that it was a delivery and took almost an hour to make 6 sandwiches and deliver them less than a mile.Plus, I burped up the sprouts all day long.I didn't mind, but Jenni at work certainly did!
3	The food is good! I've been going to Dilly's for a long time and I've never had a problem with what I've had. My usual is the 1/2 SW club with a small bread bowl of clam chowder. Definitely my favorite. I had lunch there today and I noticed something that disappointed me a bit. I don't know if its from the economy and cutting costs or what ,but my 1/2 sandwich, soup and a drink was $9.14 + the bread bowl had been filled with about 6 or 7 spoon fulls of soup. There is a time and a place for a lunch that cost $9.00 - 10.00 + and In my opinion... This isn't one of them. I know plenty of "Deli's" that would blow this place out of the water for less. Atmosphere is OK... Not much too it. Lunchtime gets very busy and can be difficult to find a spot to sit. Patio seating is available as well. Would recommend to people, Just don't like the price for what it is.
4	yummy! that's all i have to say about my blazin' buffalo sandwich on foccacia . the foccacia was a perfect specimen: light, appropriately herbed and airy. the sandwich fillings (sliced roast chicken, tomatoes, ranch, lettuce, and buffalo sauce) were fresh and yummy. i had a coupon for a free drink which made my sandwich, chips and a drink $7.47. a pretty awesome lunch for less than $8 makes me happy. almost as happy as buffalo sauce makes me. i have a tendency to be obsessed with buffalo sauce. a word to the wise: my co-workers got pasta salad and it looked awesome. they said it was tasty too. i was jealous. there's no up-charge for pasta salad - i recommend you get that instead of stupid chips you can get at the grocery.
1	in addition to sucking, it's also expensive.
3	I like Dilly's Deli, but I have found them to be very inconsistent. The sandwich I ordered recently was really good....the bread was nice and fresh, the bacon was cooked nice and crispy with not too much fat on it and the avocados were superb. However, I got the same exact Sandwich a few weeks ago, and I had a completely different experience. Everything was wrong...and they didn't even include the pickle in my order! (They're supposed to give you a pickle with your sandwich damn it!) The bacon was slimy and fatty and the avocados were about 5 months old..very brown looking and rotten. Another big factor in the three star rating for me, is the staff. There are two types of people that work there from what I can tell: either stoned high school kids who have to ask you five times what your name is, or former gang bangers who have tattoos all over their face and put as much effort into making your sandwich as a dog does taking a crap. Yeah, that's right. But despite the horrible service, the food is good when they are having a good day, and just barely acceptable when they're having a bad one....but it's worth a gamble.
4	I stopped in today famished from a dentist appointment and ordered a Rueben sandwich with pasta salad side and drink. A bit over $9  and a short wait later i was full and happy. The pasta salad wasn't fabulous, but  in my opinion they rarely are anywhere. The sandwich was tasty, warm and the perfect size that didn't make me feel like an Orca but definitely filled me up. The only thing I would have liked to see is condiments out and available because I like my sandwiches wet. Some spicy mustard and hot sauce would have made all the difference. Good place though, and this is from someone who isn't a sandwich girl.
4	Hoping to grab a quick breakfast meal before running errands this morning, all of our usual breakfast joints were packed and we just happen to stumble on Dilly's being open for breakfast. They had a little breakfast selection as my husband got the breakfast burrito and I decided to go for the veggie sandwich. My sandwich was awesome! It was nice to have a sandwich that sort of mixed up the norm. Lovely blend of sprouts, tomatos, lettuce, cream cheese (I'm trying to go vegan, but the cream cheese was a wonderful compliment) on fresh multi-grain bread. Add with it the fruit salad and it was a very filling breakfast. I'll go back for sure. Although, I liked it for a sandwich place, it's not going to be a place I crave, but the next time I stop in I'm sure I will still like what I order.
4	I tried the Tuna Salad Salad earlier today, and it was perfect! Plus, the bread they served on the side was to die for.  I have been here several times over the years and they have consistently put out a quality product - Good Job!
1	They were accommodating with our orders as all five of us had to hold various ingredients from the wraps/sandwiches.  The staff was not rude, but not particularly friendly either.Then we got the food....AWEFUL!  Didn't they ever see that old-school commercial about not drowning your food?!  All I could taste was the sauce.  I couldn't taste the actual ingredients...I didn't think they were particularly fresh, plus not much ingredients other than the dressing.  It wasn't particularly healthy or "Gourmet."  Out of the 5 of us, we all said we wouldn't go back!  Very expected for a casual chain restaurant.
3	Good deli, nice selection of sandwiches, soups and salads. Make sure you are hungry or get the half sandwhich...which will still be plenty. Staff was very great, and the food came up quickly. We were there on a business lunch. If you are soup fan, the soup can come in a bread bowl...so once again come hungry. A great middle of the road Sandwich shop I will go again, but I'm not rushing to knock down the door...
1	Dilly's, you have impressed me.  Not because your food was great...it was not.Thank you for opening my eyes.Had I the opportunity to do it over, I'd still be hungry, and I'd be standing over a pile of burning money.
5	I *love* this place!!! Their sandwiches are all great (I usually get the Yahoo), and I love their creamy chicken soup that they serve in freshly made bread bowls :)
4	Just found another nice spot for lunch!! 4 stars for a quick, affordable and tasty lunch!!Dilly's is like your typical deli that offers a variety of sandwiches, wraps, salads, and soups, and pairs you with some chips and soda. What I like about Dilly's is the many choices you have, and the little bread bowl with all soups! And the half-sized sandwich seems no difference with a regular one, but the regular-sized one is huge! They just slice it off from the whole loaf of bread, and the smaller piece gets to be the 'half' of a sandwich. (not like Paradise bakery that actually cuts off from a regular-sized sandwich)... and soup is good! Creamy clam chowder and chicken noodle soup...hmmm...
4	This place is always busy.... but the line moves fast.I love the homemade dark rye bread! I also always order the same thing here.. "The Gobbler"! So yummy! Turkey breast, cream cheese, and cranberry sauce!The sandwiches are large enough, and reasonably priced with the side you get (cole slaw, mac salad, or potato salad). They also have a good lunch special... 1/2 sandwich with side for $4.79 plus tax. Not a bad deal.
5	Dear Dilly's,I wanted to take a moment and thank you for being as close as Arizona can get to the Chicago deli I would frequent "back in the day". Your Dilly Bird sandwich (hold the sprouts and add cranberry sauce) truly is something worth writing home about. That delicious wheat bread you recommended to me despite my asking for white was delightful. Your service has never disappointed me since I don't expect to have a chat with you when all I am thinking about is my Dilly Bird. What is that you say? Your crab bisque is the soup of the day?! Well lets do that soup and sandwich special then for 8.95! Sure I always try to get lunch for 5 bucks or less, but comon... sometimes you just gotta swipe the plastic and not worry about it. Thank you for never making me leave hungry and for being open when I need you. I hope this letter finds you well and I look forward to seeing you again soon.Sincerely,John
5	I LOVE DIlly's! I always get the Dilly Club and Chicken Noodle Soup, which comes with a bread bowl that is oh so yummy!
4	Great deli! Very large portions.
3	I've been to their Tempe location multiple times but this was my first visit to this location.  I guess its pretty much the same.  Decent enough sandwiches at a semi-decent price.  Same as in Tempe.  Also the service was fast and friendly like the other location.  I just think their sandwiches are too damn bready.  I mean it is ok bread and looks to be fresh, but there is too much of it.  2 slices of it are thicker than the actual contents of the sandwich.
2	I was disappointed. Strike one, apparently kids eat free on certain days. We went on one of those days and were charged for our daughters meal.  Stike two, my wife ordered her sandwich with no cheese. She got cheese. Strike three, I order my sandwich with lettuce instead of spouts. I received sprouts. I'll probably give them another chance considering the sandwiches were pretty good but it wasn't a great first experience.
4	The food was great. Love the selection on the menu (made it hard to choose though!). Very reasonably priced. I had the Smoky Mountain and it was really good. Also love that you can choose your side and don't just have to get chips like other sandwich shops. The staff was friendly & helpful while we were ordering but their bantering (about whose turn it was for a smoke break) once we sat down could be heard throughout the restaurant. Could have done without that. Would definitely go back again though.
3	The bread is so fresh! I like all the different choices of sandwiches they give you but be weary of the wheat bread because it is very dark. Probably best for the sub or veggie sandwiches, not the BBQ chicken. I've heard the soup is to die for! Although, I don't recommend the teas. Just stick with soda or lemonade.Bathrooms are very clean too.
4	I absolutely love the soups and sandwiches at Dilly's Deli.  The food at this location is just as good as the rest around the valley.  Prices have gone up a bit, but you'll still get your money's worth.  The bread for the sandwiches and the bowls for the soup are ridiculously fresh (even though there is way too much of it).The one thing I don't get about this location is the hours?  Closing at 4:00 is kind of random to me.  It seems like they'd be able to stay open a few more hours for the quick dinner crowd.  But they've been in this space for a while when so many other stores and restaurants have come and gone, so I guess they know what they're doing.
5	Great food, everything is good, soups, sandwiches, salads etc. I go here at least twice a week for lunch. Great lunch special as well!
3	Wanted a quick sandwich to split with my wife. We had just been shopping in the strip mall and saw this restaurant. With the tinted windows, couldn't really tell if it was  open.Ordered the Southwestern Club which was made with fresh bread. My wife enjoyed it, but for me I really didn't care for the raspberry honey mustard. It just didn't knock my socks off. My wife enjoyed it, so we'll be back to try something different.
5	LOVE Dilly's! The Tempe location was a Thursday lunch time tradition with my high school girlfriends and now I work up by this location and still stop in every few weeks.  They've expanded the menu a lot, but I typically go for a Veggie Supreme. All their sandwiches are pressed to at least toast the bread - white or wheat.A "half" sandwich is pretty much a whole sandwich with an inch cut off the top, so it's definitely enough food, but adding a side or a small soup bread bowl or side salad makes it a bigger meal if you're super hungry. The bread is delicious!
3	My bf took me here after our hike up Camelback mountain.  I was seriously hungry and just ordered the first thing that sounded good.I got half a Reuben on rye with clam chowder.  The sandwich was okay.  It was much lighter than most places that drench their Reubens in oil so this was a nice change and the clam chowder was delicious.Not bad for the price.
1	Horrible experience! The place was empty, the cashier was beyond rude, and they forgot to include a portion of my order. When I called to speak with the manager a woman answered the phone by saying, "yes I'm one of them." She said she could offer me a free sandwich after hearing my issue and asked for my name and receipt number. I informed her I wasn't given a receipt so she said she would make an exception this time, but usually require a receipt. Then said she was sorry and tried to end the conversation by saying good-bye. I asked how the cashier would know the next time I came in if all they had was my name and I was told, "oh they'll remember, we only have two cashiers."
4	Nice place! I had the half Humdinger sandwich and half greek salad. All of it was tasty.  Their homemade bread can't be beat. When I walked in you could smell the bread baking! Yum!! Give it a try!
4	I have been looking in the Scottsdale area for a nice sandwich shop and have finally found one.  I was pleasantly surprised with Dilly's Deli today.  I ordered the sweet leaf turkey wrap, can you say "DELICIOUS"?  This is one of the best wraps I have had in a long time.  The turkey tasted great but when add the cranberries, feta and sweet walnuts...... YUMMY!  It came in a spinach wrap and the balsamic dressing was the right combo of sweet and tart.  Another good point was that I chose the "fresh brewed" raspberry iced tea, I have gone to places that you can tell the tea is old and not fresh, the beverage selection and the teas were delicious. The place was clean, the staff were very nice, and the music was good.  We ordered and our food was ready in no time.  If you want a nice change of pace and are looking for some unique gourmet sandwiches then I suggest going to DIlly's.  This place is a definite do over for me!
2	Gourmet, no.  I had a Reuben that was about as lackluster as they come.  Thick soggy rye, a scant amount of flavorless corned beef, they forgot the cheese, a small bit of sauerkraut and almost no dressing.  A flavorless mess that I tossed after a few bites.  Cheese soup was ok but it also seriously lacked flavor and the bread bowl had the consistency of a hamburger bun.  Greek salad wrap was ok but also mostly without flavor. It is cheap and they give you large portions which is good if that's what you're looking for but I won't be back.
4	I am not crazy about the sandwiches but every time I visit I must bring my son in Denver a Dilly's sandwich.  He loves them.  I wonder if it's more because of the good memories when he lived in the area than the sandwich itself.  Whatever I do stop and carry one or two home every time I am in the desert.
5	I love swinging by for the half Ruben salad combo and a large ice t.  Great service and quick makes this a reliable place to get a good lunch.  Here's a tip,  ask them if you can buy some of their fresh made bread for home!
4	Dilly's Deli caters Free Lunch Friday in Scottsdale and I enjoy it every time. They use big thick slices of fresh bread - perfect for carb lovers like me - and they use unique spreads which is refreshing to those of us who go to business lunch events all the time where sandwiches are the standard fare.
2	The bread was good, the cheese was good, the bacon was good....I'd like to tell you the turkey sandwich I ordered was good but I didn't get any turkey in my turkey sandwich, just the items I mentioned. My Greek salad was fresh but lacked dressing and any kind if signature to make it special. My bf had tuna melt, it was good. Nothing special he said. The staff was nice enough. Place was clean.  But doubt we will come back. A little pricey for what you get.
5	Great food, great service. I'm guessing it was the manager who took my order two days in a row and he was very cool, and polite. Thanks!
5	Great sandwich shop, with too many favorites to list.
5	Tasty. Especially good bread. Great satisfying, veggie sandwich!
5	I have been here so many times and tried many of their options. You can't go wrong with their half sandwich and soup (which comes in a tiny bread bowl. All of their sandwiches are great and they make them to order. The breads are so fresh and all ingredients ares but fresh each day. Their cookies are tasty and only $1. Go there-you will be glad you discovered this gem. You can even order a toasted cheese with tomato soup for a comfort food extravaganza. I add avocado and tomato to the sandwich and it is over the top.   Love this place and I've introduced many people and they all have enjoyed it. Also-the service is super friendly and they always remember who you are and what you like. Plus-they have wi-fi!!!
1	I kept getting coupons in the mail.  The sandwich had a heaping amount of meat.  So I went.  Unfortunately the reality of the sandwich was Not anything like the picture.  I ordered a rueben.  The only thing I could taste was the bread which was not that good.  There was a miniscule amount of meat and sauerkraut.  I complained -- they didn't care.  I will never go back and recommend that you avoid this shop.  You can get a fantastic sandwich at Sprouts market for $3.
4	Great food and love the sides. We go here about once a week at work.With that said, the wait is usually pretty long to make the sandwiches. I mean, it's not like they're cooking a burger, it's a sandwich! They could definitely pick up the speed.Other complaint, their pickles. Love the pickles, but the juice gets over everything and ruins the bags. Had pickle juice on my passenger seat when I got back to work.But hey, we still come here because it sure beats the chain shops.
