4	I've passed this place hundreds of times but it's so unassuming that I never thought to check it out until my husband brought home pupusas one night (oh, pupusas, where have you been all my life?). How glad I am to know it now. First off, the waitress was one of the nicest and most genuine I've come across recently. She actually seemed slightly hurt that I didn't believe her at first when she said my favorite dish was actually really healthy. (I forget the name but it was a corn tamale with cream- imagine a really moist piece of sweet corn bread... Ok that sounds a bit odd but trust me and the nice waitress when we say it's amazing!). My husband got a couple pupusas and they were delicious and filling. Don't let the size fool you! It being my first time there, I panicked and got the Salvadoran tacos because I know tacos and generally love them. While they were good (fried and topped with vegetables) I'd stick to my tamale and the pupusas... Or just keep trying other things the waitress recommends. Totally reasonably priced- 2 adults and a kid ate for under $30 AFTER tax & tip and we were pretty full. It'll take a serious amount of will power to not stop in the next hundred times I pass.
3	Came here with some friends and one of them was El Salvadorian.  I love lots of Latino food and especially tamales so I was looking forward to this place.  Went on an extremely hot day and it just so happens that the restaurant did not have any air conditioning.  It was like a sauna!  There were three portable fans that really didn't do much.Ordered the Sangria, which was strong in alcohol (a lot of wine), but I did not like the taste that much.  I had the chicken tamale to start with.  It was decent, but the middle of my tamale was room temperature.  I like my tamales to be piping hot.Then I had the pupusas and wow let me just say that they were awesome.  Warm, flavorful, tasty and accompanied with coleslaw and hot salsa made me forget about the average tamale I had just consumed.Pupusas are typically a very heavy meal, but I managed to chow down 2 of them.And to top it all off, the food is very inexpensive.
4	Came here to soak up my whiskey-infused self with some bean & cheese pupusas, mmm. I love Beaubien for it's wide range of food, but this place is always spot on and the drinks are cheap.
3	Restaurant sympa, la nourriture est bonne et originale mais l'ambiance est un peu froide et le service impersonnel.
5	First time here, won't be the last. Great service, great food. I'm so full yet so happy.
4	Great food at a great price! I had brunch there and got 2 eggs, plantains, beans, half an avocado, cheese, and a chicken tamale. I asked for scrambled eggs and to my surprise they added tomatoes and peppers. Everything tasted great! It's a good change from the regular brunch staples.
5	Why wait in line every weekend to go to the popular brunch joint right around the corner when you can go to this place? The scrambled eggs, homemade tortillas, plantains, avocado, beans, feta, sour cream special is a true breakfast of champions in the best kinds of ways, super fresh and cheap to top it all. My main breakfast spot these days.
