4	I recently relocated from Los Angeles and a new friend of ours invited us out to see him perform at the Charlotte Comedy Theatre.  I wasn't expecting much, after all it was a free comedy show, in an obscure location (the back hallway of the Graduate on the corner of Plaza and Central) and I am used to "Hollywood -caliber" improv shows, like those at the Groundlings on Melrose Ave.We grabbed a bucket of beer and headed down the hallway that said "Restrooms," then into the tiny theater with makeshift seating and a simple stage.  I started fast on my beers, a strategy intended for enduring what I anticipated would be a lukewarm performance.Much to my surprise, the Charlotte Comedy Theatre was a breath of fresh air, a sign that Charlotte has more than a pulse, it has a soul.  And I mean this with no disrespect, but as a growing city, looking to be more cosmopolitan than southern, Charlotte needs more culture and more entertainment; Charlotte Comedy Theater serves up both.A friendly MC warmed up the crowd and they started with a Du-rap-rap, improv rap sequence, with the entire cast, who took turns rapping a comedic rhyme based on a name with a single syllable.  As cheesy as this may sound, it was quite enjoyable and funny.The rest of the evening, different pairs of cast members did a variety of improv exercises, involving suggestions from the audience (which unsurprisingly veered toward the R-rated).  There were moments of brilliance, hilarity and sometimes even genius.  What stood out to me was the raw joy that each performer had in what they delivered.  Absent was the smug conceit and what we saw was a a special combination of talent, chemistry and spontaneity. The cast as a whole was pretty good, but there were a handful of standout performers, which I will attempt to remember.  JAMES (a bald, black guy): Wickedly funny; he gets lost into the characters and is a thrill to watch.  MIKE (a guy with brown hair and glasses): Sharp, left field in his improv style, with the kind of humor of a "still waters run deep" sort of way. ANDY (bald white guy): His best moments were during physical comedy situations (the ostrich farm and kung fu sequence). A YOUNG NEWCOMER, male, lean, curly hair: this one showed real potential, unassuming in appearance and stage presence, he sneaks up on you with some deadly funny lines.You must check this crew out. So far, this has proven to be the best thing I've discovered in Charlotte.  For $10, you can't beat it.
5	I took classes from Keli here at CCT . She did such wonders on me I moved to Chicago to continue my training and no I am huge here! Ok, only kidding. But if you want an amazing teacher who knows the best in the biz then take from Keli. She can break you out of your shell and keep your mind flowing. The theater is small but it is all she really needs for know. She is worth the price and I did it for 18 weeks and loved it. Thanks Keli.
5	My boyfriend and I were visiting Charlotte for about a week from Los Angeles, and I can say that the comics we saw at the 10pm explicit show on a Friday Night were more entertaining than the comics we had to pay twice as much to see in LA a month or so earlier. Some of the comics were a little nervous, but none of them totally bombed, and most of them were really great, had original hilarious jokes, and kept the night moving along with laughs. We only paid $10 each, and laughed more than we would at some silly Judd Apatow movie, so I'd say if you're looking for something to do in Charlotte, check this place out. It's also in a very cool part of town, with lots of good bars to check out, so make a night of it. We did, and had a great time.  (It's hidden in a bar called THE NOOK)
5	Best improv in Charlotte.Very talented actors that can go blue, but keep it mostly above the belt.  Just $10 and you're already in NoDa and ready for a wonderful Fri or Sat.
5	More people need to know about this! $10 is a steal for a fun Saturday night in NodaThis is an improv-style show and is put on by some great comedians The show changes based on audience suggestions and is truly hilarious. The show is R rated but not bad enough to where I felt uncomfortable bringing family...but use your best judgement. The show runs from 8-9:30 every Saturday - reservations are suggested but not mandatory. Venue was rustic, small and actually pretty cool! The bartender was serving up drinks at a reasonable $3-4 price and he wasn't too shabby to look at haha. He brought my dad some chocolate to go with the Guinness which I thought was a nice touch. One thing to note was that everything including bar was cash only. I'll be back with friends for sure!
5	I left this place place in tears a soar jaw and stomach pain. Not from being beaten up but from the laughing so hard. Improv comedy at its finest .found this place while looking for something to do while on vacation. $10 per person and al the laughs you can handle. Very interactive and a lot of fun. If I come back to Charlotte I will go back.
3	Nice venue, comfortable seats.  It was funny, not side splitting. There were more "games" that the group did, and not a lot based in audience suggestion. I would have appreciated the "improv" more if there was more of it. Much of what was done could have easily been performed previously and passed off as "improv". It was nice to experience something different, and it is good to see more options for entertainment in Charlotte.
4	I love comedy, but never knew this place existed for some reason. They get under the radar comics here, but they usually aren't under quality. The place smells a little bit funny, but you stop noticing it after a few minutes. You sit at regular restaurant tables and get waiter service, which is nice, so you don't have to go to a concession stand and grab a drink during the show. You will laugh a lot and have a good night out for a pretty reasonable price.
