5	I live in Gilbert, AZ so this is a fairly close place to help beat the heat (a little). The lake is very pretty. You can swim, jet ski, water ski, just cruise in your boat, and fish. It does get pretty crowded on the weekends, but it still is fun.If you prefer land, they have nice picnic areas with grills and a swimming beach.Wear a good pair of water shoes, there is alot of glass and fishing hooks on the ground and some in water. Have fun!!!!
4	This lake is fun and during the week it's nice and quiet. It's pretty close so it's the perfect place to go out on the boat and fish or catch some sun. My only warning is make a pit stop BEFORE you get there because the restrooms are horrific.
5	One Saturday before Easter, my friends and I decided to tease the waters of Saguaro Lake.  This lake is awesome for many reasons, one being it's only three miles from the Salt River. So if you live in the east valley it's only a hop, skip and jump away from good ol' fashioned fun in the sun!   Make sure you get out there early on the weekends or you'll be redirected to a parking lot used as a waiting zone.  Here the wait can be anywhere from forty five minutes to three hours, this particular Saturday we waited about two hours to get onto the water.  By this time it was later in the day and the water was too choppy to wake board on.   We decided to head towards Party Cove which is located at the back of Saguaro Lake.  When crossing the entire lake be sure to look out for the wake-less zone that starts about five hundred yards before you arrive to Party Cove.  Our first trip we didn't see the signs and let's just say we had a couple of upset boaters when we arrived.   The scene at Party Cove is about the same every weekend.  A sandy beach lined with different boats of all kinds, but be sure to have a good pair of flip flops handy because the sand is rocky and hot.  Also pack your barbeque equipment since nothing is better than a smoky hotdog on the lake.  You'll also notice the body shot tent, these people are awesome, a lot of fun and willing to give away, you guessed it, body shots.  These sweet treats are made up of Tequila Rose liquor and whipped cream placed in a belly button.   Once the sun drops behind the cliffs around four o'clock, anyone not camping packs up and leaves.  If you wait about twenty minutes after that you'll have perfect calm waters to wake board until sundown.    Overall Saguaro Lake is a fantastic day trip spot that also offers camping areas with bathrooms for anyone who doesn't live close enough to drive home after sunset.  Saguaro Lake also offers beach access from the parking area for families without boats, and a quaint little restaurant for an easier lunch by the lake.  Saguaro Lake is a great place to beat the heat in the valley of the sun!
2	As an avid boater who frequents all the lakes in this area, I am a little disappointed with Saguaro lake, and the Tonto National forest folks in general - The reason.....Trash!  Yes, I know this is not the "lake's fault", but it does degrade the scenery and overall "experience" of Saguaro lake as a whole.The worst areas (in my opinion) are the areas that are accessable by boat only - The Bagley flat campground area is particularly nasty.  Many of the remote coves are litter-strewn as well.I have discussed my concerns with the Mesa Ranger District of the Tonto National Forest, and I have even gone so far as to volunteer to help clean up.  Unfortunately, I was told that  I could not go to the remote areas with my boat and clean-up - A liability issue?Anyway, it is a shame that areas of the lake are nasty - It is a bigger shame that apparently nothing can be done about it.The restaurant is "average", parking at the lake can be horrible on the weekends, and since it is one of the closest lakes in the area, it can be inundated with crazy people.Canyon Lake is better, and Roosevelt Lake is MUCH better, but a bit of a drive.Happy Boating!
5	I Love this Lake.It is amazing how close this pristine lake is to Scottsdale.  If you take Butcher Jones road on the North side of the lake you can avoid some of the people traffic.
4	I doooo LOVE it here. Met so many great people on this lake, super fun and lots of room during the week...Great parties on the weekends
4	A lovely setting; blue water, mountains in the distance, birds chirping, and  a breeze to keep you cool.  The lake is 5 star,  We were there at dusk, and the colors on the mountains were almost glowing. It is a short drive from the city'  That being said, the restaurant is somewhat lacking.  The view is great, but the food is terrible.  The coffee was burnt, the pie old and stale, and the choices very slim.  We did enjoy the patio, with the lake in the background.  I only wish that the food was as good.
5	Who knew that the lakes in AZ were going to be so fabulous.  We lived in the land of 10,000 lakes for years and were not sure how boating would be out in AZ---but I have to tell you we enjoyed it so much.  For the most part the lakes are big enough that you can find your own little piece of paradise if you just want to anchor the boat---and relax---read a book--get a tan---jump off the side and float on a tube.  It is an easy way to spend a whole day.....loved it...
4	We came here for a birthday cruise and enjoyed ourselves thoroughly!It was a cool 100 degrees that day.  The water breezes made it very nice and tolerable.  The boat did have AC, but we just enjoyed our time on the deck and the feeling of floating along with the currents.  One of the many cool things are the boaters speeding along the lake.  One had a small pup with a life vest sitting out front, letting his tongue hang out as he enjoyed the wind in his face (photo). Hilarious!Saguaro Lake is a lot of fun, so bring a camera.Enjoy!
5	I'm a beach babe at heart and this is the closest I can get in Arizona without planning a longer journey. The lake is very calm. I like to hang out at Butcher Jones Recreation Area because it has a large beach and the water is shallow, good for hanging out with friends or family. We brought our dog last time, which I guess you're not supposed to do, but I kept him on the leash and there were no problems. FYI- No campfires in the summertime! Bring a grill or sandwiches. :0) Also if you plan on drinking, make sure one person stays sober. There will be cops looking for you on the way out. Going to the lake and getting a DUI would definitely ruin a day at the lake.
3	So, I came here with my family 2 days in a row. We played at the swimming beach area both days.  The second day I brought my dogs because I saw dogs the day before playing around...and it made me jealous ;) love my dogs! Today, we set up all of our stuff and were hanging out with the mutts when the patrol came around and warned us that no dogs were allowed on the beach.  They were very nice about it and they said they could be anywhere else along the lake except for that particular beach for swimming. :/ so we packed it up and headed to the Marina where we had a good time.....except for all the trash.  My problem is..... the people next to us were playing music very loudly...which I am all for.... but not with extreme profanity.  Drinking beer from glass bottles, smoking,  and fishing right where other children were swimming.  (Not all from the same group but right next to us where patrol could clearly see them) if you are going to enforce one rule... why not inforce them all?   We ended up having a good time anyways.
4	Pretty fun! Good cliffs for jumping. Not bad for wake boarding/skiing or tubing! And it's close to the salt river to go tubing which is great, too. The lake is a lil dirty, though. Not transparent at all. Basically pretty green but still end up going often!
