5	Dr. Resnick has provided hands-down the best dental experience I've ever had. Initially, I came to his office with excruciating pain while dreading the financial burden that I knew would inevitably come with solving my dental problems. I was greeted warmly by the office staff and Dr. Resnick's concern was primarily for me and alleviating my pain while assuring me that there were solutions to the financial side of things. In short, he took x-rays, extracted the wisdom tooth that was causing problems and laid out a treatment plan that was surprisingly affordable. Also, he did an amazing job AVOIDING having to do a root canal (and the dollars coming from it) on an adjacent tooth to save me money and pain.  Most importantly, he acted with kindness and empathy throughout my treatment. I'm now, amazingly, a raving fan of a dentist - something I didn't think would result from the agony I was experiencing. Thank you, Dr. Resnick for being a top-notch person AND dentist!
5	I have gone to Dr. Resnick for 8 months now. I first found him on Dr oogle for teeth whitening for 99 with a cleaning. The cleaning was great no issue but the staff shows you around and lets you know all the features that are provided. Dr. Resnick was the one that took my call to setup my appointment. I experienced a lot of pain from the teeth whitening and he called me later that night to see how I was doing and offered suggestions to make me more comfortable. About 3 months ago I cracked a back molar and was "patched" by someone else and three days ago I was in immense pain and needed a root canal. I scheduled it for Friday and thought I could make it but oh no way to painful. I called and got Mr. Resnick and he said come in tomorrow at 3. Come to find out he closes at 2 but him and his staff stayed late for my root canal because they knew was painful. The procedure took less than an hour and no pain at all but he wrote a pain reliever prescription just in case. He also called me later to see how I was doing and if I needed anything. He values customer service above all else and is not greedy. Very reasonable prices and his office has the latest gadgets (can plug your iPod into the chair and listen to music by speakers in the chair). I would recommend Just Smiles to anyone looking for a great dentist!
5	I could not be more pleased to have found such a great dentist. Everyone in the office is extremely friendly and helpful and they make you feel right at home. I have found it easy to make an appointment for times that are convenient for me. The office opens at 7 so I'm able to come in and still make it to work on time- very nice!I have had whitening trays made, cleanings and even a cavity filling and all of my trips to the office have been pleasant. The office is nice and homey and the staff is great. Dr. Resnick is friendly and makes you feel very comfortable. He even called me at home the evening I had my cavity filled to make sure I was feeling okay. Now that's personal service!I would absolutely recommend Dr. Resnick's office to anyone in the Valley wanting a friendly, knowledgeable dentist with friendly and helpful staff.
5	I love this place, which is a lot to say about a dentist's office!Dr.Resnick conveys that he genuinely loves what he does, and cares about his patients.  His attitude carries over to his staff who, without exception are sincere and caring. Besides being a great dentist, this is how an office should be staffed and run.This sounds genuinely odd, but Just Smiles almost makes me WANT to go to the dentist!
5	Today was my first visit with this office for a routine cleaning and I will be going back!  The office staff, the hygenist and Dr. Resnick were awesome.  I wouldn't change a thing about my visit.  Thank you!  P.S. Truly a painless experience.
5	Amazing team!!! Dr Resnick would do anything to respond to your every needs, even if it is calling you back from his vacation because you have to get in by a deadline. They always make it work!!! My 1st appointment, I had to go in for an emergency, I left a voicemail at 3am, they called me back right away I was in by 7am. They also check on you afterwards to make sure you are feeling ok. Dr. Resnick and his staff are awesome, friendly, professional and they DO care! It's not about selling you this or that, or try to make $$$ over your misery... They work really hard to make sure that you only pay what you need to pay.I love my dentist... It says it all!
5	If I could give 25 stars I would..Dr.Resnick and his staff are truly the most caring and professional dental team I have ever met.. I came in to Dr. Resnicks office after receiving the news from another dentist that I needed an immediate root canal.I called and scheduled my appointment and the next day Dr. Resnick called me personally from his vacation to see if I wanted to come in earlier if I was in pain or discomfort, I knew I was off to a good start...Dr. Resnick took extensive XRAys and determined that not only did I not need a root canal but there was NO decay and NO cavity at all..he took the time to go over my Xrays in detall and explained that the sensitivity was a mild case of pulpitous and gave me a prescription strength sensitive toothpaste and assured me it would heal over time..I avoided the pain, expense and stress of a root canal and found a life long dentist! It is so refreshing to find a truly honest, caring dentist and staff..I would recommend this dentist to any and all!! *********
5	My family and I had recently decided to switch dentists, and we began to look on Yelp for a fantastic dentist, who was also under my insurance. We struck gold! From the receptionist Meghan, to the technicians Yazzie and Callie, we were treated respectfully, with the best customer service we have experienced in a dentistry office. When Dr. Resnick saw us, he let us know what was going on, told us that they would have prices for further treatment at the desk, and that when we were ready, give them a call and they would get us right in. Meghan had folders for us as we checked out, containing our recommended plan of treatment with costs already calculated based upon our insurance and our copayment. There was no high pressure, just lots of smiles and honesty. We are so glad that we found this office on Yelp, and we love our new dentist and his ultra-professional staff.
5	Dr. Resnick is everybody's homie. He is an amazing dentist and compassionate person. I recommend him to everyone in the Phoenix area and I haven't even lived there in 4 years. In fact, I love him and his practice so much that I have scheduled services when I visit just because I know I get amazing dental care from him and his staff. Any dentist I've seen since I left AZ gets held to the Resnick standard, which is a pretty high bar. Did I mention he's open Saturdays, which is great for people with lives....I wish I had extra hands so I could give him more than two thumbs up!
5	It's always tedious to find a new dentist office when you move. Thank goodness I found Just Smiles and Cally! The staff is super friendly...the office is cozy and inviting...and the dental professionals, superb! So happy I found this office. And they have a new client special!!
5	I moved to Arizona in 2010 and I spent the first 2 years dentist shopping. During that time I began having trouble with one of my wisdom teeth which had to be removed. The dentist I was seeing  told me that the next time I needed an extraction I should give him a heads up so he could take the day off. It was a funny offhand comment (which I laughed at) but the subtext I received was that he didn't want to be bothered and I was a bother.Why do I mention this? To contrast it with the level of care I received at Just Smiles.To avoid the possibility of any issues in the future I decided to take all my remaining wisdom teeth out. I didn't have dental insurance so I was pleasantly surprised to see a Groupon for teeth extraction. Wow! Add to cart- never mind that the office is an hour away. Let me tell you- that has to be the best Groupon deal I ever bought. I have never received this level of care from any health professional. (Can I get another star for this rating please?!)The biggest selling point was that Dr. Resnick gave me his cell phone number in the event that I was having issues that night, and he called several times in the days that followed to check up on my healing. He called. Several times. Not a staff member. Remember the funny guy that I mentioned earlier? He never called. Not one time. Nor did a staff member. And speaking about staff: Megan and Callie are simply amazing. How can so many nice, professional people work in one spot? *scratches head* They need to close the office for a day and hold a workshop to educate other businesses on what real customer service looks like.Side note: My best friend and roomie who accompanied me for that initial visit started going to the dentist because he was so impressed with the level of care I was getting. He also started taking his kids there. I've recently relocated out of state and I am devastated that I can't go to this office anymore-maybe I could get a cheap flight...hmmm? (Yes! It's that serious.)Takeaway: If you're looking for love...call them make an appointment today.
5	Best dentist office! I have been to several dentists before and most I wanted to avoid but not doctor Resnick and his amazing staff. Don't be surprised if you get the phone call from doctor Resnick himself to remind you of your appointment. Some dentists will always find ways of doing unnecessary dental work and use scare technique but this office. They are honest, reasonable, offer Saturday appointments,  friendly and most importantly,  I look forward towards my check ups.
5	Dr. Resnick and the staff were great on my first visit (today). I got the appointment on short notice and they saw me promptly, conducted a thorough examination and gave me excellent advice.  The office is easy to find and has plenty of parking, just off Scottsdale Road. I'm very happy that I found this practice!
5	I'm not a yelp member but I registered today just to leave a review for Just Smiles. My mother was a patient and I picked them because of all the wonderful reviews on Yelp. When I first called to make an appointment, it was outside of normal business hours and Dr. Resnick answered. He was not in the office but he said he was going in later that evening and will call me back. Within 1 hour, he called me back as promised and took all of my mother's information so his office manager could schedule her asap. The next morning, they called back and we were able to schedule her within 2 days. On the day of her appointment, they examined her within 10 mins and she did need to have an extraction. They ran her insurance she had for 9 months and found out for an extraction, she needs to wait 1 year for it to cover her procedure. I had not even checked before and it was way more than we had anticipated. His office manager was kind to show us a policy with the premium half what my mother was currently paying, and there was no waiting period. I just needed to enroll her,   wait a few days for the next month and she could go back and it would only cost 1/4 of the price without coverage. We checked with my mom and she wasn't in pain and decided to wait. They prescribed some antibiotics and pain meds for her just in case.2nd appointment. We finally signed my mother for the new insurance and the day before her appointment, she was in lots of pain so I called first thing in the morning to see if possible to get her in that day. They were able to schedule her the same day!! My mom was able to get the necessary work done and everything was wonderful.That night, which was last night, Dr. Resnick himself called to check on her. I realized that I had to register on yelp and share what a wonder experience we've had with Just Smiles. I'm switching my 2 kids, husband and myself to Just Smiles for all our Dental needs and have also recommended him to all of my co-workers. I've never experienced this level of personal service from any dental office before!Thank you Just Smiles and hope you keep up the same level of customer service you have shown me.
5	I actually found Dr. Resnick on groupon. I can easily say I am more than pleased with my experience there and would highly recommend him to anyone. He did a great job, super quick. He is also very honest which is hard to find in any business. The staff is amazing as well, all the girls are super nice and helpful. I don't live close to the office but it is worth my drive and I am happy to say a found my new dentist!
5	Best dentist/staff I've ever experienced.  Everyone is so friendly and always wanting to help. They always go above and beyond.  It's a long drive from Gilbert,  but twice a year is not that big of a deal and well worth the drive.  They call and send text reminders, which is a courtesy as most people should know their scheduled appointment. Even after hours or on a non working day,  Dr R personally calls to address your needs or concerns, again going above and beyond.  If you're searching for a great and competent dentist, please do yourself a favor and look no further.
5	I have to give credit to my husband on this one.  We finally got better insurance coverage so I told my husband we needed to switch dentist.  He was in need of a cleaning before the end of the year, so I told him to find someone as soon as possible.  This was a week ago.  I was impressed that he found this office and he even found a spot for me the same day.  The front office was really easy to deal with and my hygienist Deann was very nice and professional.  The doctor came to do the check up and told me that if there was an emergency, he is the one answering the phone, so no answering service to deal with.  That is awesome.  Although I hope I don't have any emergencies.
5	Dr. Resnick deserves even more than 5 stars! He's seriously the best! I was getting really, really bad headaches and felt like right wisdom tooth was trying to make an appearance... As a college student without dental insurance, I am on a shoe string budget. Dr. Resnick's office came highly recommended from other friends who found themselves in my similar situation. I was able to get an appointment the same week- thank goodness because my head felt like it was about to explode!Every interaction I had in his office was very positive, from his receptionists to dental assistants and of course Dr. Resnick. After getting some x-rays, he quickly numbed up the area and extracted the tooth in no time. Dr. Resnick also gave me his personal number and CALLED me a few hours after my extraction to ensure everything was great. Seriously the best dentist I've ever encountered!
