4	The Fish Market is one of those little shops found in the Village Eateries of the NY NY hotel,  located "down the street" from Gonzales Y Gonzales.  Including  the fish market in the eateries re-creates that "Manhattan feel" within the village section of the casino.The food found in the market is the standard fare of Fish and Chips, Chicken strips and Fries or Shrimp and fries. They serve hush puppies and cole slaw as extras with the meal. A stop at the fish market provides you an excellent quick lunch which far exceeds the standard food court experience of other casinos. Once you have your lunch tray and basket of fish, a close by table calls out to you to sit, eat and people watch while you enjoy your meal. For you bargain hunters - Fish and Chips in the Nine Fine Irishmen is @ 17.99, at Fulton's Market it is 6.99. You choose the ambiance you want.
2	The fried clams and fried calamari here is pretty good.  The seafood tastes fresh and the breading is tasty.  The service, however, can be pretty bad - maybe I just came here late or something, but the guys who worked here weren't very friendly and seemed a little irritable.
3	If you liked fried nummy seafood treats I sugest coming here. I also suggest sharing because the combo platter of chicken, shrimp, fish and fries has a ridiculous amount of food. The fish was just eh, shrimp was good (wish I had more in my platter), the chicken was really good and the fries were just meh. But for what I was looking for at the time it all hit the spot.Although expect to wait a bit after you order. Service was a little slow, I think it's because they batter and fry it as you order rather than having it sit under a heat lamp.
4	YES. YES and YES. The only other food to trump this joint in Vegas as far as hang over cures go is pizza. Reasonably priced. Greasy to the max. Hits the spot ever so just right. This place is also delicious when high out of your mind and aren't quite sure what the hell you're eating. Just get the family bucket meal and share with three other people. Jumbo shrimp are pretty damn jumbolicious too.
5	We were really hungry and there was no line for this place so we went for it.  Turned out to be a great find.  We ordered the calamari rings and a family combo plus a few beverages.  The cost was $20--unheard of for a meal in Vegas.  We had to throw food away!  The fish planks were huge, the hush puppies were yummy, and the cole slaw fresh.  It did take a bit of time, but it was cooked to order and hot, hot, hot when we go it.  Greasy, hot food when you are hungry and tired--the best!!
4	Is it just me or is it hard to find a quick and relatively cheap place to eat in veags? There are just too much sit down/nice and $$ places.NY NY really wins at providing quick and good stuff.... they have multiple resturants that are quick and not too bad money wise. I would have to say fulton's is one of the best.The fish was good (ive had better), but the chicken was AMAZING. Some of the best fried chicken I have had. Hot and juicy!! Full of flavor!!  It is situated in the part of NY NY that is styled like city streets so there is ample open sidewalk-style seating. Very nice.
3	Big pieces of fish can be had here, along with some interesting cut french fries.   I liked that there wasn't an excessive amount of batter and that the fish was actually a cod fillet, rather than minced pieces you can get at some lower quality places.  But of course, you pay for it, as an order of 2 big pieces w/fries will run you about $8-9 and with a drink, you'll be over $10 easily.   Typical waiting time after ordering is about 10 minutes or so, depending on how many people are there in front.The village street area inside the NY NY Hotel & Casino here is good for sitting down to eat while doing some people watching, especially those eager faces lining up to see Zumanity - or the not so happy faces that see how big that line gets before people are let in.
3	Three people - we ordered the family meal. BIG MISTAKE.There was enough food for double the amount of people.So... think twice about that one.But, the fish was great. So was the chicken. The shrimp were alright because they were a bit too battered. Service was fast and friendly. Definitely a good place to get a quick bite to eat while you ponder why the slots aren't paying and how many more drinks will it take to make you forget that you're bummed you're losing money in Vegas....
2	Not bad for fast food. The fish was good the chicken was just ok the shrimp  was not what we was looking for if I visit Ny Ny again I will pass up on this spot and try one of the other places
4	These Fish and Chips are actually pretty GOOD!! Really people, for less than $12 bucks in Vegas, a decent and filling meal. I got the 2 piece Cod with Chips and drown it down with my Diet soda (it help cut the grease!). Tossed some malted vinegar and tar tar sauce and wholla...Happy Meal in Vegas...but seriously this is pretty Good kidding aside!!! Nice part of the NY Casino in a mock street atmosphere.
2	After going to a Halloween party and drinking, it sounded like a good idea to eat something that would absorb the alcohol.  We ordered Fish and Chips.  The chips were good but the fish was not fresh and smelled so bad that I couldn't even finish my first bite.  I am sure the person cooking it knew the fish was not good but still decided to serve it.  Yes! smelled that badThis had to be the worst meal I've had in Vegas.  Will not be coming back here again.
4	I like it. I've visited NYNY a lot of times, and have tried almost all the restaurants in that square. i must say this is my favorite- of all the fast food shops. The batter is nice. Greasy, yes. But it's fish and chips people. The fries or "chips" could be better. The calimari is ok; chicken strips are rather weird with the same beer batter meant for the fish. The actual battered fish is firm in texture, and holds up to the batter and oil, etc. I like their hush puppies as well.Will return when on my next visit.
1	We were eager to make a return visit to this fish & chips place because my wife enjoy it so much the last time we came to Las Vegas and ate here 3 times.  Unlike that visit though, this time the wait wasn't nearly as long for the food and....perhaps it should have been as the fish were undercooked and something on the slimy side.   Now the fries were quite tasty and crisp, but that wasn't nearly enough to offset the disappointment of crappy cooking, even if the pieces were once again gigantic.      Whether this was a one time screw up on their part or not, it's not likely we'd think about coming here again, as much as we love fish n' chips.
3	This place was pretty good. There sauces were great, prices were ok (i guess damn great for Vegas is more like it), and the fish was awesome.  I got the fish and chips which comes with 2 huge filets atop a basket of fries/"chips".  The fries are just ok. Nothing a little ketchup couldn't help, but the fish... Oh my goodness. I shared the basket with my sis, and after a fish and some fries each, we were stuffed. Definitely a good/cheap/different eat in Vegas. And def waaaaaaayyyyy cheaper than the other fish and chips/pub type place in the same hotel. I don't know what it was called, some sit down.  This one was basically a food court kinda deal.  Its downstairs and towards the back btw.  Def go back.
2	I happened to be inside of New York New York and I happened to be hungry as well.I wasn't really in the mood to spend more than 20 bucks on a meal and wandered towards Fulton Fish Market.As a huge fan of fish & chips ( or freedom fries as they are known in this country), I had to try out Fulton's take on the classic.The Fish: I believe it was cod.Judging from the rubbery texture, not very fresh.As all fish does, it breaks apart very easily once you try to cut into it.I ended up just eating it with my hands.Definitely not the best tasting fish i've ever had.The Fries: The 2nd best part of the meal.The fries were seasoned and even though you can tell they were frozen, still very good.They mix very well with the tartar sauce.The Tartar Sauce: The best part of the meal.It hid the crappy taste of the fish and saved me from 1-starring this place.I would actually be willing to back here just to get some more of the tartar sauce.Overall: Next time, I am splurging and going to Nine Fine Irishmen to try out their fish & chips.This is definitely not the place to go for good seafood.
3	I always order from here Fish & Chips and Clam Chowder in a sourdough bread, and the foods almost never disappoint.  I'd rate it somewhere in between 3 and 4 stars as i'm not really a fan of Fulton but the food is definitely more than A-OK.  It's sorta pricey though; for one order of Fish & Chips, one clam chowder, and one large diet Pepsi, total is 18 something dollars.  If you wanna refill your soda, pay an extra $1.66.  I think i still like Fulton, but have found something better (lobster chowder!!) from the food court at Ceasar's Palace.
4	For some food court cookin', this place has got some REALLY tasty fish and chips! The cod is fried up nicely. Comes out with the perfect textures and.... It's VERY affordable!The batter is not too thick, not too thin, crispy  and just right. They got pretty solid chicken and shrimp too... I would come to the New York New York hotel again just to get me some of this!
5	New England clam chowder in sourdough bowl. Very good. Fish,shrimp,chicken,hush puppy's and fries. One of the best fish n chips around!Chicken was very good too! Glad we ate here!
4	Simple menu, gets the job done for fish-n-chips at a inexpensive price for Las Vegas.
3	Some people talk about Earl's Sandwiches  the same way my boyfriend and I talk about Fulton's fish and chips! The menu is simple yet it reminds me a lot of KFC with their family portion options, sides, etc. The line was long, the wait was moderate,  but the smell alone made me want to stay in line. I ordered the fish and chips and some calamari. It was ready in about ten minutes. The size of the fish was just right and looked so crispy yet flaky already! The taste? Straight up mouth watering. The calamari, yeah that was bomb too. It's a must to come back and try some more out on the menu because there is a variety of appetizing choices.
3	ordered Fish, Chicken, & Shrimp: came with 2 large fish pcs., 2 fried shrimp, and 2 dinky chicken strips. fish was nice, could use a touch of salt. Shrimp was crispy on the outside and tender inside. Chicken was tiny, but okay. Hush puppies standard as were the fries.
4	Looove this place! Who would have thought getting excellent fish and chips in the New York New York Hotel in Las Vegas?? This is my 3rd trip here and this is still the best!!The fish cod is nicely fried with just enough batter to make them crispy and a gold brown. Not over-fried and dried out like most places I've been that even specialize in fish chips. The fries are crisp and not limp. Perfect!! The whole thing doesn't look like much and you may be tempted to get a side dish, but eat the fish and chips first because the fillet can be filling along with the fries. Great for sharing and even though it make a little time especially when they're busy, it is well worth the wait. This place is located downstairs from the arcade and in the food court section. There's plenty of seating all around the recreation of Greenwich Village. They have other items on their menu and I think I recall the clam chowder is pretty good. When I get over how good the fish and chips are, I'll try something else from them. I can taste them already....
4	Excellent fry batter, had the fish and chicken.Chicken tenders were good, but the fish stole the show. This place is a great deal on the Strip and very reasonably priced. I believe the fish and chicken was $8.50 for two pieces of fish and two pieces of tenders. The dish came with fries.Tartar sauce and malt vinegar accompany the fish. I didn't expect to enjoy this place so much, but it really pleasantly surprised me. I'm really glad I tried this place.The batter is better than many other batters. This place is really worth a visit, tourist or not!
3	Tasty deep fried battered fish and chicken strips.  Consistent quality (for my two widely spaced visits)  Curiously the family meal deal is the most economical for two - come hungry.  Id pass on the hush puppies.  If you can bring your own drink or bottle of water.
5	I grew  up in MA eating too much clam chowder. The clam chowder back there is always fresh, never too heavy, perfect amount of potato to soup ratio and a large handful of clam. Fulton's is the closest to that clam chowder that I have tasted out west, and I will happily eat there several times a month if possible.Is Fulton's chowder pretty creamy? Sure. Is MA chowdah (I had to)super creamy? It's not supposed to be, but that's okay and forgivable. There are worse seafood sins to commit. I love that it tastes fresh and that oh, it's gluten free! Nothing else at this restaurant is gluten free, but this chowder is and I LOVE IT! Many chowders thicken with a rue. Not Fulton's. Straight cream and the natural starchiness of the potatoes make this soup divine. I love that it isn't too salty, piping hot, and for those who can, grab that sourdough bread bowl to put it in (even though I think that's a crime, but moving forward).My mother in law, husband's, uncle, aunt and cousin (all from Scotland)feel that Fulton's has some of the best fish and chips in the U.S. When compared to the homeland of fish and chips, it is still very good, and that is saying a lot. Consistent in quality, not overly greasy, HUGE portion (easily able to split it between two people), and flaky, delicious and even the chips are great. Drizzle some malt vinegar on those bad boys and my husband and his family are very, very happy and continue to go there each time they visit. Great value for the money you spend, and a nice quick bite that isn't so hard on your budget. Like I said, my entire family could eat there every day if we let them. Delicious!
4	Greasy Seafood Joint. I like it. I had a hankering for Calamari prior to watching Zumanity... cost me $8+ Beats the hell out of going to one of the seafood restaurants or casino cafe for twice the price.The lady (in line) in front of me ordered the Family Meal.. hot damn! That's a bucket of Fish and Chips and I'm not sure what else.. but it feeds your clan without breaking your bank!
3	Had eaten here a few times prior... about 7 years ago and before.  Always raved about the fish 'n chips.  BEST fish ever... crispy outside, tender and flavorful inside.  So, had to stop by again to savor this treat.  Well, sadly, it's not the same as previously noted.  The first piece of fish was very good... just what I remembered... but the second piece had a distinctly "fishy" smell and flavor, like it was not fresh.  Did not finish it and very disappointed.  The chips were not crisp (McDonald's french fries are better).  So... overall, one piece was good, one was not, fries were mediocre, thus the 3 star rating.
4	Just had the Fish & Chips for $8.95.Perfectly fried cheap Pollock.Sorry it's not cod or haddock.Still is was cooked just right and they served 2 large fillets on a bed of fries for not a lot of money on the Strip.You could spend a lot more and get a lot worse.Pollock isn't worth going out of your way for but if you are in the area it's a big meal for the money.
4	Wasn't one of the places I have bookmarked to eat at in Vegas but I cant get my way for eating everytime with 10+ people.I got the fish and chips and my daughter got the clam chowder bowl.Wasn't expecting much but both are very good. If I had to eat here again I would for sure.
3	This was a late night dinner. We did not want anything too crazy so we tried fish and chips at Fulton. The fish was fried to order along with the fries. We also got chowder.It was not the best chowder and the fish was so-so. It's was still very crispy but I wanted more than two pieces for the price.I would recommend to get the ny style pizza instead. If you plan to eat 2 slices and you have more than two- grab the large!
4	We likey! Similar to long john silvers with a lil boost. If you like fried seafood and dont have much cash, Come here. Get the clam chowder bread bowl! I also tried fried butterfly shrimp with fries. No complaints. Coleslaw could have been sweeter, but im an east coast girl. Maybe ours is different.
4	Aaah fish and chips!! They're really good here and made fresh.  The pieces of fish are decent sized.  (you get 2 in your order.)  This time I also tried the chicken & chips. Those weren't bad either and surprisingly the meat was tender. Their chips (or fries) are seasoned and they have good flavor to them.Also, don't be scared to ask for extra sauce (like tartar and ketchup). They don't charge extra and willingly give you more.
5	Pleasantly surprised. Clams were outstanding. Huge & tender rather than tough & chewy. Some of the best I've ever had the pleasure of devouring. They were made to order & perfectly cooked. Hubby had the fish & chicken. He loved it. Great tarter. The bread bowl itself was good, but we've had better clam chowder. It was decent but we weren't "wowed". The seafood however wowed us, especially for for the price!
5	Excellent, fresh fish.  Chowder was very tasty.  Friendly staff.  Really enjoyed eating here.  Highly recommend.
3	I always have a craving for Fultons when I am here at NYNY. But why? Might be the delicious flavor of the coating on the fish, shrimp and chicken. The hush puppies are great too. But  just remember, when you eat here it's very greasy.....but delicious!
3	Just checked it and got the luggage upstairs, time for a snack. Walking through New York New York is this sweet spot of what seems to be an endless street of eateries. All fried to order were my huge peices of cod and my tasty hush puppies. Even the frys were hot. All at a fair price.Not a destination food palace more like a oasis in the desert. Sweet.
1	Really sorry soggy tasting no season imitation tasting fish and shrimp. I wouldn't feed this to my dog. It was very very very poorly prepared and No seasoning! Even after I added salt and pepper the taste did not improve!!!very bland taste. Do Not waste your time or money!
3	This is good place to get a quick snack. The service is quick and friendly. The food is very fresh.
5	We rarely find a fish fry we like. We have one we compare others to and rarely find one we will go back and eat at if in the area. This one is a keeper! Oh my goodness! The cod fillets are huge! I could barely eat one. The batter is just perfect, crispy and not greasy. I didn't even touch the "chips" because I was so full from the fish. My husband got the shrimp and chicken and fell in love with the place. He isn't a big fan of fried fish but loved the cod here. We will definitely go back, The prices are very reasonable. I think it was the cheapest dinner we had in our three days there. It was $8.95 for a two piece fish and chips. So worth it! Can't say enough good things about the food here. The fish tasted fresh, too, not frozen fresh. It is in the quick bites area of NY NY, so it isn't fancy. Plenty of tables, though, in the courtyard. When we asked for extra tartar sauce, they were not stingy. We had more than enough.
4	Don't compare your local eatery with similar offerings on LV Blvd.  On the strip, everybody knows high prices are the norm.  Even eating at hamburger joints here can empty your wallet.  If you find cheap eats with acceptable food, you cherish that place and hold that place near to your heart.  You forgive them their flaws.We just found Fulton Fish Market in New York, New York on the ground floor near the front entrance.  Our lunch there was decent and was easily half the price of eating at a hamburger joint.  The fish was crisp, the fries were hot.  The chowder in a bread bowl was hearty.  There were even some nice tables to sit at.  No complaints from this grateful customer.
2	Cheap prices for Vegas standards, but you get what you paid for. I'm not expecting ocean fresh seafood, but you could at least know the ingredients in your frozen quick-fry varieties instead of looking at each other like "uhhhh I don't know?"I'll admit that when it was piping hot, it was pretty good though. I would peg this as good for a late night snack after Zumanity or for NY-NY guests that don't feel like wandering back out to the strip, but nothing more.
4	A nice stand located on the first floor of New York, New York. We got the family meal which had fried fish, fried chicken, popcorn shrimp, seasoned fries, hush puppies and coleslaw. We also got their clam chowder bowl. As a family of 5, everyone was able to get a ton of food! Super delicious and enough leftovers to probably feed 3 more people. Definitely recommend going for a quick lunch!
3	We stopped by here for a quick snack while waiting for our show to start (Zumanity). That show was amazing by the way. There were surprisingly a lot of people wanting fish & chips at the same time as us so it was a good 15-minute from ordering to sitting down and eating--it was alright since we had time to kill. The food was tasty and not too oily. We were satisfied and good to go before the show with a subsequent a real dinner afterwards (Gordon Ramsay Steak). So if you need a quick snack while waiting for a show or something to start, you can't go wrong with Fulton Fish Market.
