2	"YOU MISUNDERSTOOD WHAT WE MEANT!! THERE IS A FEE FOR FOLLOWUP!!  /\/\/\/\-- Same thing as VW.  I read the review and went, figured if I got them to confirm actual costs a few times I wouldn't get zapped.WRONG.  I went, got Logan checked out, bought $150 worth of meds and services, Vet assured me that "She won't charge for the 30 day checkup- it's a WEIGHT CHECK"Went in 28 days later to weigh him (on my own)  confirmed AGAIN that the checkup I was scheduled for 2 days later was FREEWent in for actual scheduled checkup, walked out since there was supposedly no charge, got a call saying I skipped out on $24.95.  I said I confirmed 3x the follow was supposed to be no charge and they pulled the "well that was WEIGHT check, for looking in his ears it's $24.95"Not in the context of the first 3 conversations and confirmations I had.Oh well, guess it's time for another Vet.  Hate that "billing mistake" crap and I'm not gonna subject myself to it.PS --  am I off or when was the last time you had the VET ask for your SSN#?  If you guys at the ARK are reading this, all that info is bogus, I'm not giving you my SSN and personal info.  My credit cards and cash are all you need.  Sorry, but that's not your business to know.rjpEDIT: Answer to Becky below:  Becky, asking for my SSN isn't for "identification"- it's so you can blackmail and threaten customers with collections and ruined credit if they don't pay those sudden follow up fees you promised were free...Nice try tho.
5	The whole staff is awesome about always accommodating me and my girls' needs. The Dr. takes his time to explain what he thinks and what he would do if it were his own doggie. My girls love being boarded there. Thank You Ark for always going above and beyond what is expected! I really recommend this place!
5	This is a great place to bring your pet. The original vets on staff are a husband and wife team. They have now added two more doctors to the staff. The staff is very friendly and helpful
1	I came in today on a emergency. I am with a well known rescue group and had a dying dog. They wouldn't help me. And wanted $500 up front. So I had to rush my dog to another vet where he ended up passing. As a business who is supposed to help animals . They were cold and more worried about money than helping an animal. They make me sick to my stomach. They should probably go into another business as obviously animals don't come first .. Money does.
2	Ann was our vet for years. They always took great care of our Dog and Rabbit. I had not been back for years because we had no pets. We adopted new Dogs and chose to continue using the vet that their previous owners used, but the clinic did not have boarding services. I called the Ark and they got me a slot with short notice. When we came in I noted that my dog had just injured her paw and we would be glad to pay for any treatment needed for her while in the Ark's care. We agreed to an additional $350 that was medication, daily bandaged changes until our return in 4 days. Upon our return we were informed that we had to pay for an additional exam and bandage change. I was given the run around about how they needed to recheck her wound before we left and there was a charge. When they brought her into the room she had no bandage on her paw and we were told it was because both dogs had a bath and their nails trimmed before our arrival. I can tell you from the long nails and the stench on the dogs, they did not just have a bath. Our second dog is a shedder and he had so much loose hair all over him which he would not have had, if he in fact had a bath. The staff was also excited that my big dog lost 6 lbs in his 4 day stay with them. Are you kidding me? What owner would be excited to know their pet was not eating.  I am so disappointed and I just do not know what happened to the wonderful staff that always made me feel like they loved out babies just as much as us.
