5	I bought a Hague Quality Water softener system in 1999 and have had truly QUALITY water ever since... so I didn't REALIZE that there are so many NASTY companies, selling NASTY water softener systems, using NASTY business practices! I thought soft water was soft water... !  I will spare my readers the whole gruesome tale of what I was just through with another w/softener company...  just would like to say that I had Hague come out and REINSTALL my OLD Hague system (!!), and that that "other company's" "soft" water was like a $2 bottle of vodka compared to Hague's, which feels like a $400 bottle of vodka, by comparison! There IS a difference... and if you want the very best and don't mind paying for it, look no further... you want a Hagaue.
5	Firstly, about Hague; if QUALITY is worth the higher price to you, Hague is the water system you want!  I bought mine in 2000 and have been SO very happy with it... I can hardly visit my friends and family 'cause I can't STAND to shower in any water but my Hague!  Kyle, owner of Hague Quality Water of Las Vegas, was over recently to service it and just for my info, he researched my contract. I couldn't believe Hague (global) does have me on file, and I have 13 more years left on my warranty... :)  It comes with a 25 year warranty but you don't think of that 'till you've had it a while... :)  Kyle is a really quality person; knows his stuff, hard worker (even in the bloody HEAT in the summer), expertly gets the job done, fair prices, and he always answers his phone and takes time to talk to me if I call him, even tho I can hear how busy he is... really professional, but a really nice guy at the same time...  and VERY proud of the company and the job he does for his customers.  I'm a really fussy consumer... "if you're gonna DO  something, DO IT WELL!" is what I believe... so it means a lot for ME to say Hague Quality Water of Las Vegas is THE BEST you could ask for; both the product AND the service!  Louise B.
5	Great service, great prices, and great plumbing. I have never found a more trustworthy plumber. Plus, it is a father-son business.
5	Fantastic Service. I called regarding a leak in my house this morning and Dennis arrived in 20 minutes. I mean, I was still talking about what to do about the leak and they were at the door. The service was fast, professional and very cost effective. Even the advice on  making sure to avoid mold was worth it. I could not recommend them enough. Thank you so much for the efforts.
