4	This place has a lot going for it!1) Great Mexican food.  People at my table were raving about the mole, and the cactus salad that they served us was divine.  We had a set menu because there were supposed to be a ton of us, and they did a good job of providing a variety of dishes, a vegetarian option, and keeping the food coming.2) It's super cute.  The kitchen is open, which is different.  The music is awesome.  And they sell some foodstuffs that are more difficult to find in Montreal (as in, I've been bringing them from the States for fellow Americans).3) Really friendly service.4) BYOB.A couple of things that knock this down from a five-star for me:1) It was a little pricy.  As I said, we had a set menu.  So there's a chance that it's actually not as expensive as it was for us.  But I did have a $32 dinner (before tip).  This is part of what made the BYOB so great--I'm sure it saved us some money.2) It's a little hard to find and get to if you're not in the neighborhood.  We drove.I would highly recommend giving it a try, though.  Bring your booze, and maybe some pants with an elastic waistband!
4	I've eaten here often with our family, we like it a lot for authentic Mexican.  What they do, they do well.  The guacamole, enchilada verde, beef and chicken tacos, and mole are all dishes I have sampled frequently.  The hibiscus drink they serve is also great, as are the Mexican sodas. Another poster has mentioned it as pricey but they must have been a special event or something because we find the prices reasonable.  Portions are not overly huge (this not American style tex mex) but more in the vein of enough.  I have never left hungry.I will say that because they are mostly just two who work there doing the serving and cooking the service can be a little slow.  And it seems as if it is either empty or packed, and there are not that many tables, so it can be hard to get a place sometimes.Also, we go often with our kids, and the staff are always happy to accommodate by leaving out onions, etc.  Every dish is made to order (hence the slowness) which allows them to do this easily.  Very friendly.Go!  Enjoy!
5	So much for me thinking that Montreal doesn't have good authentic Mexican restaurants. If you don't know this place exists you could easily pass right in front of it and miss it, and it would definitively be your loss. Really good clean dining room, friendly service and amazing food. My first time there was with a friend of mine that had never tried a real taco, not the texmex kind you find at other "Mexican" restaurants in town. So of course we ordered a couple of taco plates, one pork and the other cactus. But before we got those, we ordered an entree of guacamole with hand-made tortillas. The guacamole was so creamy, so rich and complex, it might just be the best I've ever tasted. As with the entree, the tacos didn't disappoint. This place is surely going to become one of my regular spots.
5	Best mexican in town! Delicious food and run by a really sweet, gracious couple. You must go! They are not usually open for lunch but if you have a group and call ahead they might just open it for you! Amazing, huh? I love this place!
4	You would think a city like Montreal would have a nice choice of Mexican restaurants but it really doesnt; This, so far for me, is as good as it gets.  The food's really good and they don't stray too far from the real ingredients. The sell and use real Mexican cheese. The place is cute, but hard to spot from the outside because it's in the basement. You kinda gotta know where you're going. The kitchen is wide open and you can see them cooking, it's nice.
5	This cute little place is seriously worth it! Located in the basement of the building next to a Korean food joint, this is Monkland Street's secret of Mexican food. My first time here I went with a daily special, Chicken with Mole sauce and it was so rich and tasty! My second time here I opted for enchilada verde complete with authentic Oaxacan cheese. Both times the table ordered the guacamole and quite frankly it's so delicious, and I love their homemade chips! Coming to Amaranto, I got to know and love Sidral Mundet Apple Soda, and they also have a retail store front where you can purchase a variety of different Mexican products. I have yet to try a dessert because we've been too full to have room for it, but hopefully on my net visit!
5	Very good mexican food. The avocado soup is delicious. You must try that restaurant. Look for it if you're in NDG
5	Very cozy & comfortable atmosphere. Don't let the outside fool you, once you're inside the place is clean & very spacious. Very friendly service & good homemade style food. Wish we had space left in our stomach for dessert. :)Highly recommended to try all the different choices. Would definitely go back for more!
1	I went purely on the reviews from Yelp, and frankly, was very disappointed. My rating is really a 1.5 star. We ordered the guac and chips as a starter- this was fresh, just mashed guacamole with some coriander and very little seasoning. The "homemade" chips were very greasy. The guacamole was overpriced at $8.99 for a small cup. Our mains were the real disaster. My companion had marinated pork tacos...Oh boy, the pork was so incredibly dry like the bottom of a shoe!!! There was no juice left on that poor sucker, and since we heard the microwave go off a few times while there, we really believe that pork has been reheated and recooked to oblivion a few times. The corn taco in which the pork was put was also extremely dry and like a shoe as well. My dish, enchilada with green sauce was like baby food. Boiled bland chicken stuffing in a corn shell that was drenched in VERY sour green tomatillo sauce, and some bland melted cheese. There were three pieces and I had 1.5 of that in pure starving desparation. A tiny little cup of black beans (extremely runny and no flavor, had one spoon and that's it) and bland rice rounded out my (NOT) winner of a dish.Service was blah. The girl serving us was not very helpful and totally distracted. Because this place is in a basement, it has a very strong smell of mold. It washed over us as soon as we walked in and was strong enough that my friend wanted to leave. We went in hopes of finding this "secret" that Yelp reviewers were raving about, but alas, it's back to the drawing board. Places closer to downtown, such sa La Tamalera and Ta Chido (a place I had problems with...review to follow) are better than this!!Gotta go now and drink some fizzy water to try and wash out that sour unsettling feeling from the green sauce!!
4	Very good food with reasonable prices. The verde chicken enchilada was very tasty and recommend the fried plantains for dessert. We will certainly visit again!
4	Authentic, fresh, and consistently delicious. The menu is on the sparse side, but the dishes offered hit the mark. The salsa verde is PERFECT: tangy and tasty with just the right hit of fresh cilantro. You'll enjoy scooping it up with their homemade tortilla chips. The beef tacos are generously filled; make sure to top them with fresh onion and cilantro. If you can, try sharing a bunch of dishes; you can't go wrong. As for the ambiance: on the plus side, it feels like you're sitting in someone's kitchen.  The cooks are right there, prepping, frying, pouring. On the minus side, it feels like you're sitting in someone's kitchen. It's not the most comfortable dining experience and there's something about the layout that just doesn't sit well with me. BUT I'm enchanted by the flavours and will keep on coming back again and again.
