2	So after a week of serious delusions of grandeur, I decided to try to recreate my best game ever (291!) at AMF Christown last week (http://www.yelp.com/biz/amf-christown-lanes-phoenix#hrid:dC0EVBb8uHY_abASYEe5JA), and I was sorely disappointed. Dragged a buddy of mine along, and our combined scores were still less my previous miracle. Yeah, I suck. Not sure what happened last time.But I suppose I should mention the bowling alley. Meh. After complaining about the lack of balls with big enough holes at AMF Christown, I couldn't even find one here and had to use a heavier ball than I'm used to. My buddy suggested I might be a pussy and should be using a heavier ball to begin with, but I'm not sure I'm comfortable with that premise. "Just throwing it out there," he said. Jerk. Just kidding - you know I love ya, dude.Service was so-so, lanes were ok, seats were uncomfortable, prices were average. Crappy video game selection. Horrible food. I know, I know - it's a bowling alley, what do I expect? But my buddy got the nachos, which was basically a bowl of stale Tostitos and two tiny little cups of lukewarm melted Velveeta-type cheese, not even enough for half the chips.It's an okay place, but the lack of a decent ball selection is a pretty big strike in my book. No pun intended. Seriously, I tried to come up with a different word, but that's all I got.
1	I was there this weekend, both Saturday and Sunday for a Youth Tournament for my son. Our "home bowling alley" is the Brunswick Zone on Southern and Dobson. This was my first time to this particular alley. This was the worst bowling alley I have ever been to in my entire 31 years of living. The location is hidden back behind some office buildings. The building is plain, late 60's decor. The interior, from what I was told, had not been updated in over a decade at least. The newest renovation was a strip of fluorescent carpeting and some fluorescent paint on the walls. (for neon bowling I presume) There is no real seating for the bowlers. There are tables and chairs randomly placed through out the building. Each table only gets 4 chairs, so if someone else steals a chair or you have more than 4 bowlers, someone is going to have to stand.  On a rack, in the corner, in the back, there are about 20 alley owned balls, so good luck getting one in the right weight. The bathrooms are tiny and dilapidated.  Whole chunks missing out of several spots in the tile. The handicapped stall has a baby changing station that does not fold up. It stays wide open, so you can't even get in there. The flusher in that stall also gushes when you flush, so you might want to flush with your foot. There are only about 20 lanes, and they are occupied by what seems like permanent residents, over the age of 80. They didn't even want to leave for the alley-sponsored tournament. The food was just thrown together. Nachos were a plate full of chips, and a tiny cup of cheese sauce. 2 small sodas ran me over $6. The overpriced snack bar didn't even accept credit/atm cards because their phone line was down. The lanes were so slick and greasy, they practically had puddles of oil in them. Lane 4 occasionally goes completely dark while people are bowling. They do NOT have a pro shop. Their arcade games were few, and broken. I don't think they serve alcohol.I did not see a bar.I would never, ever come to this bowling alley again by choice. Even the AMF on Main that closed last year was better than this one. They should have closed this one instead. If you're looking for a place to bowl, I would suggest you go anywhere but here.
2	Expensive, stingy, crappy food, uncooperative staff...meh, it's what we have available I guess.
2	We enjoy bowling, and with the Summer pass and Kids bowl free, we thought we would give these lanes a chance.The lanes are old and run down - but they do bowl well. We had a lot of problems with re-sets and we did have to get management to come more then 3 times to give us a hand. That was a bummer :(Food was good. Chicken was tasty. My daughter loved the chicken wrap. Fries were good. Pretzels were HORRIBLE! I had the Cinnamon and my son had the salted pretzels, both of didn't enjoy them.Bathroom was very clean but there seemed to be a lingering odor, so I would suggest that get looked at.We will be back because they are the closest to us, but for no other reason than that.
4	See, when I go to a bowling alley I expect loud and stinky and run down.This location though had THE BEST SERVICE I have ever had at a bowling alley.  Likely the best service I have had anywhere in my life.  The man helping was kind, funny, accommodating, fast, ect.  I was really impressed.The food was decent.  Was able to order kids meals for the kids and myself.  They didn't care.  Was small portion but tasty and really inexpensive.
5	While visiting family in Mesa for the week, my husband and I decided to spend one (rare) rainy afternoon going bowling. A quick Internet search led us to AMF Lanes. Though the reviews weren't stellar, we are far from bowling alley connoisseurs so we were confident that this place would meet our needs. We were pleasantly surprised to find that it well exceeded expectations! The price was very reasonable, only $8 for all you can bowl until 5:00! The woman working the counter was extremely friendly and helpful too. Dan the bartender (and fellow northerner, Michigan to be exact but we don't hold that against him), was quick with our beers and enjoyable to talk to. He even made rounds over to the lanes to check on the bowlers and to ask if they needed anything. The place was clean, played fun music, and had a nice afternoon crowd but was not overly packed. All in all it was a fun and affordable activity and we definitely plan to return when we are back in town. Thanks AMF Mesa Lanes!
1	AMF Mesa Lanes is very similar in fashion to all of the AMF bowling lanes around the country that I have been to.  There are a couple of distinct reasons to why I give a lower rating. The overall service was okay because it seemed to take longer than usual to get us going to bowling.  There were not too many people that night.  Lastly, they took away our pitchers of beer at least 30 minutes before close.  I am not sure if this is protocol, but we had a designated driver and our drunk friends could have finished the beer.
1	They raised all of their prices August 1st. Go to brunswick its worth the money.
1	Under staffed terrible service. If you want a beer your forget it. The girls who man the counter can't serve. The ones who can are running the main counter cooking pizzas getting balls unstuck what ever.
3	They have a special for about $13 you get all you can bowl and all you can eat pizza. It sucks because you can only get one slice at a time and you have to walk up to the food area to get it. So if you want to bowl and eat at the same time, prob wont happen. If you order off the menu however they will bring it to your lane. They have good alcoholic drink specials. One suggestion would be having a few more employees back in the food area to help them out. Those girls were running around flustered and overwhelmed with the bulk of people trying to get food.  But overall a good deal and a great place for families. The place is older, don't expect a newly renovated place.
4	Visited AMF on a lazy Friday afternoon when it was way too hot to do anything outside.  The girl at the counter was friendly and knowledgeable, was quick to tell us the best deals, give us our shoes, and show us to our lane.  My husband and I played for two hours for less than $20, which got us about 4-5 games.  There happened to be cosmic bowling going on at the time which added another layer of fun, but the Disney pop music and corresponding music videos on repeat was pretty brutal.
