2	Has been our bank branch for 20 years. Hard to get to see a personal banker so we use the B of A up the street in Raintree and 101.
3	This is our local B of A which we like a great deal. The one major drawback is the size and location of the branch. During the 11 till 2 pm high traffic hours I try to avoid it like the plague. Parking, and just getting into the lot is a bear. That said, the folks who work there are very friendly and helpful and is the reason I'm giving them 4 stars instead of 3 stars. Too bad they cannot move the branch about 30 feet north or enlarge their present local!
1	Bank of America customer for a decade until a few months ago. This particular branch is less than warming, as have most of my experiences been with BofA. Granted, not all experiences were bad. The time I went in to close my account the banker was relatively nice, although obviously bored. The last time, today, was after I went in to discuss my recently deceased father's account. (I have been working with another branch - 20th st and Camelback - they are GREAT, friendly, kind people to work with). Without going into more detail, the lady I talked to at the Raintree location was quick to point out how unhelpful they would be since I was no longer an account holder and I had just closed his account. Nor did she want to look into anything or offer any other options than get out and good luck. She was very good a pointing out what I could do if I did have an account with them though and all the hoops I'm going to have to jump through now that I didn't. All with a smile on her face. Condescending customer service. Take your business elsewhere.
1	Went into this particular branch for the first time, mostly because of the convenience, being located near the on/off ramps to the Loop 101. Initially found the atmosphere pleasant due to overall cleanliness and presentation but, then I decided to interact with the employees there. The teller that helped me came off as rude, abrasive and ignorant of the idea that their job is to relay a good customer service experience while helping me with my request.  Needless to say I won't be coming back here anytime soon and was happy when my business had concluded, left more annoyed than anything else.
