5	Had a terrific buying experience here! No pressure salesperson who knew their products. Quality merchandise, fair prices, beautiful showroom and friendly staff! I highly recommend this store!
5	Had a great experience at this store. Carey Knight was our salesperson, and he is awesome! Will definitely be returning for any future purchases.
1	Great furniture selection, but don't expect it to be a priority to get it to you. We paid outright for the perfect sofa sleeper and chair on a Saturday. (This is a prime example if why you should never finance furniture BTW) We are decisive shoppers and were pleased that we found just what we wanted and were in and out in less than an hour. Unfortunately the chair had to be ordered but the sofa sleeper was in stock, so they offered to make two deliveries. We turned that down because they said the chair would be in on Wednesday. Hey, I can wait until the next weekend... Well, Wednesday turned into Friday turned into Saturday turned into the following week. After getting the continuous run-around and no callbacks, they finally called and left a message saying that it would be another week due to the chair not being loaded on the truck. WTH is that? They kept telling me there were trucks coming and going all week. The payment sure cleared the same day! Needless to say, we cancelled the order for a refund. Somehow I have the feeling that the refund will be put through as quickly as the furniture was delivered. We will see if we have to contact the credit card company... Anyway, I went and purchased the same set from a store up the road. I don't mind being told that I have to wait, as long as the seller is upfront about it.
2	Purchased an entire living room set here and it was a nightmare. Every piece of furniture had issues and they had to keep swapping out items to try and get pieces without issues. It is obvious that they just rotate returned furniture hoping they find someone that will accept the item and overlook or not notice the problem.The electric recliner motor didn't work on one item, three of the pieces do not match in color. The chair was broken and bent and they tried to tell me my tile floor was not level and was the reason the chair was bent. I got out a level and showed them the floor was level and they brought three chairs before we got one that was bent less than the others.The cocktail table they brought was full of food crumbs and obvious it came out of someone else's house. It had a huge scratch across the top that had been filled and colored but was very obvious and not acceptable.Not to mention, we purchased the furniture and they didn't tell us three of the pieces were not in stock until after we paid. Took a month to get everything we purchased.We'll never shop at the Roomstore again...we have a living room set that the colors don't match and almost each piece has an issue of some sort but we were tired of swapping out pieces and finally said screw it and living with what we have.
1	This place sucks. We bought an extended warranty and they will not honor it. Then, we file a complaint with the BBB and they flat out lie about the issue. Go elsewhere..Also, go look at their BBB file. There are a lot of complaints against then decide for yourself.
5	As soon as I walked in, a sales lady named T came right up to me and asked what I was looking for with a smile on her face and a non intimidating feel. She was very easy to talk to and showed me over to the exact bed frame I was looking for and immediately checked to see if it was in stock in case I wanted it! I ended up buying it in full because it was perfect! We scheduled delivery for Saturday so let's see if everything is as simple and perfect with delivery as the roomstore has been so far with everything!
1	I will never shop here again. There furniture is horribly made. Even with the warranty they sell you on, it is not worth it. The warranty covers mechanical portions of the furniture, but if the material falls apart then you are pretty much screwed. My mother's recliners material is flaking all over the place, making a mess, but they're going to fix the broken spring with a clip. Keep in mind this is a 3-4 year old chair. The original spring is welded but they are going to fix it with a "bandaid" / clip. The salesperson told her the material was durable when she bought it, only to have it fall apart. Their customer service and business practices are not there to satisfy the customer and are pretty shady. They just want to make a quick buck, sell you a semi-useless warranty and then hope you return to buy more within a couple years. Buy at your own risk!
