5	Stopped in for a pedi and Ro was AMAZING!!!  I stayed for a manicure :). The shop is clean and everyone was nice but Ro spent a fair amount of time massaging and I got a hot towel at the end...not in Austin. :(
5	I have found my new spa! this I travel nationwide and have visited alot of shops. This one is the best experience ever. Prices were competitive and oh so worth it. The shop is upscale in appearance, all the nail techs speak very good english, inviting in their conversation & professional in their dress. (white spa shirts and name badges)The pedicure was complete with detox salt scrub for my entire legs, hot cotton scented towels and they spent just as much on my leg massage as they did when they massaged my back after my pedicure. ALL for $18.THEY WILL SEE ME EVERY WEEK.I will tell all my friends, this is by far the best nail spa in phoenix!Thanks Susan for my amazing pedicure and your delightful yet professional attitude.
5	After a huge disappointment a few weeks ago at another nail salon, Queen's was a breath of fresh air.  The staff was attentive, polite and their work was well done.  I had a pedicure, fill and eyebrow wax it was a very relaxing experience.  After my pedicure, the technician gave me a neck and upper back massage - that was a first.Definitely my new place to go.
5	Just as good the second time around.
4	Very clean stations and friendly environment. I was with my son and they offered him a lolly and a tiny chair to sit next to me. The place is great! Not to mention pedis are only 18 bucks!!
5	The spa is very nice the employees are friendly as well VINCENT did a awesome job i definitely recommend this place
4	I'm new to this area, and its always hard to find a new nail salon. This place was pretty good. The staff is easy to understand (their accents are not very heavy). The pedicure I got was nice and relaxing and the price was unbeatable! $18 for a pedi! Deffinately will be here again
5	Clean and well-maintained salon, friendly staff, and GREAT prices -$28 for a mani/pedi. I was very happy and will be going there again!
4	Came by this place because I really needed to get a mani-pedi on the FLY. Not only were the prices very reasonable, but it happened to be near a destination of mine. I called, scheduled an appointment and came in! And it looked like I came right in time. It got really busy when my pedi had commenced. It was a really nice pedi, especially for the price I paid. The seats massage you, the water is nice and warm, and they even do a scrub and a little moisturizing for you. My girl was very proficient, BUT there was a really huge language barrier. I had wanted to do my toes in one color, my hands in a another with an accent color on my ring finger for each hand. Somehow she had thought i wanted tips on my toes in that color instead. I watched suspiciously for a few minutes wondering if she was just using a new technique I was not familiar with but... the second time her manager stopped by to check on us it turns out that YES, she was going to give me tips. To her credit she wiped it off right away and started over. Her manager was very gracious. I mostly felt bad for being so complicated. I probably should have just told them what I wanted to do one at a time. The manager later came by and apologized, mentioning that she was new, her English wasn't yet up to par. I told him it wasn't a problem.At this point they were very busy, so I was given to a gentleman who did my nails instead. His English was very good and we set to chatting while he did my nails. I really enjoyed it- I never get manis because they're hell on wheels to maintain, but the process of getting this one was quite enjoyable. I even spotted a bubble when it was drying, and he corrected it for me. I don't often go for manis, and pedis are a once every 6-8 weeks kind of thing, but I will be back, if only because they were good and the price point was reasonable. Definitely worth stopping by if you're in the area!
4	Took my mom for a pedicure present and after reading the reviews. We called ahead and were seated quickly. The water was warm and the seats are great. The polish was well done and I liked the massage. Everything was neat and tidy which is great. It was a little busy during the middle of our pedi and though we weren't rushed. One of the gentlemen was talking on his phone while doing a woman's manicure but was off after a few minutes.The prices are good, 18 for pedi and 5 dollars for extras. We got callus remover and big toe design- very cute designs.We will be back :)
4	So, I needed a pedicure-BADLY.  I've been here before right after I moved to this side of town, and I was lllloooonnnnnggg overdue for another pedicure like you wouldn't believe, so I came back!I like this place even though its not in a glamorous part of town.  It's located in a sad looking strip mall, but dang, these guys do good feet, I swear.  The first time I came here, I had a guy do my feet, and he took extra special care, and they came out looking awesome. I get really dry skin around my heels, and it gets painful at times, and he was so careful not to hurt me.  I swear, my feet stayed smooth for the longest time!When I came here today, I had a lady work on my feet, and even though she wasn't as gentle as the guy, she still did an awesome job.  The regular pedicure is $18, but for an extra $5, they will give you the whole schebang.  Hot towel on the legs, massage, extra scrubbing, the whole deal.  I know most places will do this, but I feel like they do such an exceptional job for the small price that they charge.  (I've heard of other places charging more for the same services. Why pay more?)They also have a punch card deal, and after 7 punches you get a $10 gift certificate (which I will probably use towards another pedicure!)  When I come here, I never have to wait and I swear half the place is full of regulars.   AWESOME prices, great hours (even open on Sundays) and they even do manicures here too. Go check it out!
4	Great job on eyebrows! Great job on full set
2	The atmosphere is fine and the shop is clean, but the gel manicure is no good. The polish is sketchy in some places even after three coats. The technician drew blood on two of my fingers after cutting the cuticles too short. When I pointed it out and asked her to be more careful, she laughed, which may have just been a language barrier.I would expect a nicer manicure for $25.
2	I read some pretty good reviews on here about this place so I figured I'd try it out since its right near my house. Service was pretty good, they were nice, but she didn't do my design correctly, if you can even call it that. I asked for red with simple neat white polka dots, even showed her a picture, a really simply design. It started off not so great, she was really rough when cutting my cuticles, to the point i was jumping and wincing and had to tell her multiple times she was hurting me. Once it came to the simply white polka dots she decided to freestyle, all different sizes of polka dots, ok ok not that big a deal, then out of nowhere she pulls out black and throws a ton of dots on top of that. You could barely see the red with the mess of crazy sized dots on my toes. Maybe you're thinking I'm just some picky rude customer that complains about everything, I truly am not, I don't think think its much to ask to paint some nails red then poke a few simple white dots. Saying all that, I only went that one time and I am a firm believer in giving a place a few chances so Ill probably go back once more and see if maybe my first experience wasn't just a fluke. For now, its only getting 2 stars and its lucky to get that.
4	This place got a lot of good reviews.  My last day in town and I needed a mani pedi before heading home.  It was a Friday afternoon about 4pm.  I arrived just ahead of the rush.  The girl that I had must have been newer.  She was sweet and took her time to get it right but I didn't mind the slowness.  She did a good job. Nothing fancy, just a mani buff and pink toes.  As I watched people come in, the other workers were gruff and seemed annoyed but perhaps it was because they knew what they were in for, as the group of customers immediately started complaining about prices and taking over the place. Haggling wasn't necessary, as the prices are better than reasonable and were posted.  The owner or manager greeted me with a big smile and swapped out my hot water bottle from the car, with a fresh icy one from the back, which showed great customer service.  From the reviews and my experience on this visit; they treat you as a good customer straight-away and will give you good service if you don't try to take advantage of them.  Asking price is one thing, complaining about an extra charge for extra service requested is another. Service is great.  Only note of improvement would be for the guys not to hangout, out front, smoking and talking on their cell phones.  It gives the place a sketchy feel and they might get better customers if someone isn't haunting around outside.  No woman willing to pay a good price, wants some older man, wreaking of cigarettes to be working on their nails. That is what I expected to be confronted with when walking in but was prepared to speak up if so.  I know the women in my family would just avoid the place and find somewhere else to go.
5	Staff is always friendly and helpful. Location is clean.Son is AMAZING at eyebrows. I have been going to her for two years. Eyebrows are $8 cash or $9 card.  Ask for Son!!!
2	I'm new to the area, so I was expecting a little more based on the reviews... It's clean and the staff is helpful & nice. However, my fill lasted a week & 2 of my nails actually cracked. I'd only return here in a pinch.
2	I come here when I'm in town and they have always been pleasant this trip was disappointing.  My pedi was good (why do they insist on putting polish on!?) but the woman did take out a little too much cuticle on one toe.  When I protested (because it hurt) she looked around as if to check if anyone heard :/  Then when I was paying, and here's the helpful tip, she says "for you $33".  I hand her my debit card and pull out $5 cash for the tip, since they are kind enough to advertise that they prefer cash tips *stay classy*, and she says "oh 28..."!!  So in order to ensure the tip they conveniently add it in?!  I go here because it's convenient, now I think I'll look more carefully for a place that allows me to decide what to tip.  *sheesh*
1	Update: Under new management. Not the same. They let almost everyone go. Went in today for an eyebrow wax, as I have for the last 4 years, and everyone is gone (including my amazing wax specialist, Son). The woman who did my eyebrows fumbled, pricked me, dripped wax within my brow line, tried to painfully pick it out, and then left a throbbing red sore on my brow from where she waited far too long between applying wax and cloth strip. She actually applied wax to part of my eyelid, I could not believe it (and I am no wax expert). I froze solid awaiting for her to rip off the strip. My brow is still hurting 8 hours later and has a huge red mark. I am so disappointed!! The price went up, too. Yep, you heard me. I paid MORE for that.
2	I've been going to Queen Nails and Spa for 3 years and I've always been happy with the results.  Yesterday was my first visit since the new owners have taken full control.  All of the old staff is gone, including Son who is the waxing specialist.  The technician who did my pedicure was adequate.  The pedicure process is considerably shorter than before, leaving out the lower leg massage which is really something I look forward to.  It may be an option that you pay more for now but in the past it was included.  The entire process just seemed to be lacking some of the nicer touches provided previously.The waxing was also adequate.  The technician seemed inexperienced.  However the end result was adequate but did not have the polished technique and results previously provided by Son.My fill definitely left something to be desired.  I actually didn't realize how much until this morning when I looked closely at my nails.  I'm used to getting A-1 results so I've never paid too much attention in the past.  I knew that the technician had rubbed  the area right under my nails raw in a couple places while filing my nails.  Careless on his part but, it happens.  However, this morning as I look at my nails, not only are the nails on my right hand significantly shorter than my left (he even checked them!)  but three of the nails on my left hand lean to the right..Unfortunately I don't have time to go back and have them redone because I'm leaving on vacation.  When I return I'll give them another try but with a different nail technician.  I will also be sure to check my nails continuously throughout the process.  If there isn't significant improvement I'm afraid I will need to find some place else.
4	In town for the week and my cousin and I needed to get our nails done for an upcoming trip. We came across the $15 pedicure deal.  The owner greeted us with a nice smile and warm welcome, reminded me of my home nail salon back in Orlando. The staff was amazingly nice, my nail technician was so sweet, she even threw in a hand massage along with my gel mani. Whenever I'm back in Glendale I would definitely come back to this nail salon.
2	Nails broke off in 3 days. Sucks because the previous owners were WAY awesome and oh so talented
1	If I could give zero I would. I was overdue in August and decided to try getting my feet rubbed in order to start labor. I bought the groupon for two manicures and two pedicures with nail design. I called first to make sure we could use it that day since it didn't say anything about an appointment on groupon and all the other ones did. A man answered said yes it's fine come in. So I bought it when I came in a woman looked confused and started telling me it is by appt and even after I told her I called and the man who obviously spoke to me in the phone just stared and said nothing.I explained that this was the only day my sister and I could do this and we had been told it could be done. She explained that no one that works in the salon wants to do groupon pedicures because groupon takes half of the amount. News flash*** then don't have your business offer a groupon. I am calling groupon to beware their offer with this nail salon. The woman did our nails with another gal who obviously never did nails. The area is more than ghetto and the salon is even worse all the technicians that refused to do our nails sat in the back napping and watching tv no wonder they do nails for a living. Lazy!
