4	I tried to Rock the Casbah like the Clash did, but no avail. It was hard to rock out and beat up the beat in such a tight space. All I could do was sway, then bob 'n weave whenever someone needed to pass and walk by.Epicentres Kazba isn't a club, it's more of a swanky lounge with a happenin' DJ. Sheik, sexy, and in the winter months when the doors are kept closed, it's quiteOk. You too good night  intimate. With its direct proximity to Mez,  this bar appears to be the Centre's creme de la creme. Bouncers man the entrances and stairways denying access to anyone with shorts or tennis shoes. While it's quite a tight fit spanning the third story walkway, the expandable doors makes the space seem much more larger than it actually is. There isn't a dance floor, just "VIP" tables for bottle service. I never understood the purpose of bottle service at a bar, but I guess they gotta make money somehow. The only choice of music is electronica and the Dj will make you "Fly like a G6" upon request. I would have gone as far to say that Kazba is Charlotte's premier electronica headquarters, but without a dance floor to spaz out like I'm having an epileptic seizure, I can't grant that crown just yet. After much personal deliberation, this place isn't too bad overall though - 4 Stars is fair.
4	Once you get past the arrogant staff, you will love the hip, contemporary place to grab cocktails at the otherwise 'touristy' Epi. Great tunes, great atmosphere. In good weather, the patio is stellar.
5	One of the best clubs in Charlotte. Drinks are overpriced, but it's worth it. Great place to be seen, great DJ's spinning, and 2 for 1 entrance into both Mez and Kazba makes this a great place to spend Saturday night Uptown. Kazba has a Moroccan flare, dim lights, a fire pit on the balcony, private booths, and 2 full service bars. Kazba and Mez are 2 of only a handful of clubs in Charlotte that offer a world-class feel downtown, I have only found similar in cities like Miami.If you visit Charlotte and like the club scene, don't miss it!
4	What a fun place to spend the night! Sure drinks are expensive but the people are super awesome and friendly here! I wanted to have some fun on a Friday night and stopped by here because it looked like a fun time and I wasn't disappointed. The inside is pretty small and there's lots of people crammed in so it ends up being pretty hot which is even worse when you're dancing. I walked up to one of the bars and told the bartender to surprise me. I ended up with something called an electric lemonade which was delicious! It took a little bit to get the bartender's attention but they were really busy so I can't really blame him, and a group of people pulled me into their conversation while I was waiting so I didn't even notice. I've been in clubs/bars before but I've never had so many people walk up to me and just strike up random conversations, I even got invited onto the balcony with the fire pit which was reserved for a private party and was told to take advantage of the bottle service while I was there. Hurray for Grey Goose and Red Bull!Kazba thanks for showing me a fun time. Between the friendly people(Even the bouncers are cool!), awesome DJ, and cool cocktails I'm impressed.
4	kazba is a lounge that is filled with irony.It consistently hosts some of the best DJs to spin records in Charlotte; yet, there is as little space to dance there as there is in your cousin's living room.Is it a dope spot to be in on a Saturday? Yes, absolutely.But, if there were more room to dance there (or if they moved the DJs from Kazba to Mez -- which is connceted to it), I think I could give  this place a solid 5 star rating in the future.
3	I'm not really big on this place in general.  I've visited only once and maybe it was just that particular night but it was so crowded it made it nearly unbearable to enjoy.  And those that know me, know that it takes a lot for me not to enjoy my nights out.  This place came close.  The place was swamped and the crowd relatively 22-28 at most in age so keep that in mind too.  I'd probably give this place another chance though because I do remember the music being spun was actually very good and the bartenders here were slinging drinks as fast as I've ever seen.
