3	Upon reading the only review on here I decided to try Rivas out. As the other reviewer said the staff were very nice. I got the pork with a spicy sauce and rice and plantains. It was tasty however it wasn't spicy at all and I like my plantains sweet, their's were not. The ceviche was good as was their homemade juice. I wasn't all that impessed with my selection especially since I was still hungry after I was done. I would definitely try them again and see how their other dishes are.
4	I went to Rivas for the first time about a month ago. I had just returned from 6 months in Costa Rica. Due to the similarities between Nicaraguan and Costa Rican food, I decided to go here to get a dose of what I was missing. I brought with me a friend who is usually really picky about her food. She usually says that she prefers bland food because she knows that it's safe (for a reference of how picky she is). Anyway, I had the arroz con pollo accompanied by yucca and a bowl of gallo pinto (which is a mixture of rice and beans with some cilantro and other spices). My friend had something similar to the arroz con pollo, but I don't remember exactly what she got. The arroz con pollo was really good. I had made arroz con pollo with my family in Costa Rica, and Rivas' version of the dish was just about spot on to what I had when I was actually down there, which was pretty impressive. The yucca was a little dry, but I understand that it's hard to cook and also that it must be a little difficult to find yucca in Pittsburgh.My friend had fried plantains with her dish. She really really loved her dish, but she didn't like the fried plantains at all. I tried them and felt similarly. They were pretty dry, too, and after having eaten them on a daily basis for 6 months I was a little disappointed with what I got at Rivas.We also had the smoothie they were offering for the day, which I think was guayabana. It was really delicious.Overall, their food was good and accurate to what's actually served in Latin America, so I would definitely recommend this restaurant.
4	We went like a month ago on a Friday Night and we were the only table there.. I had the churrasco with chimichurri and it was very good... the gallo pinto was good too.. for appetizers we had a combination platters and they were good... my favorite were the ceviche and the fried cheese.. I thought the tostones were a little dry.  Service is a little slow but friendly... and is BYOB which saves you a lot.  I will love to go back...
4	My wife and I have gone here a few times. We love the Jalapeno Steak. I've also gotten the Camerones de Ajillo (shrimp in a garlic sauce) which were very flavorful, but the shrimp were a little small. Still I liked them and would order them again. We are also quite fond of the Tostones with Queso Frito (fried green plantains with a fried salty cheese).If you order your entree Nicaraguan style, everything comes with a side of a spicy cabbage slaw, plaintains or yucca, and either plain rice or gallo pinto (rice with beans and spices). I don't like yucca that much, so I always go with the plantains. But you should know, if you're expecting the overly ripe sweet plantains (aka Maduros), that's not what they serve. They serve plantains that are between the green plantains used for the tostones and the super ripe plantains used for maduros.Horchata is also a favorite for me, but the juices are also good.So here's the thing about Riva's - every time we've been there, we've been one of only a few occupied tables. If you ever considered going there but didn't, go. Now. You won't be disappointed and it's hard to imagine how they'll stay in business if more people don't check them out.
4	Let me start off by saying the decor in here is nothing special.  The table clothes could use a good cleaning.  It's hard to find the front door to even enter the restaurant.  The atmosphere is part odd/part hole in the wall.  Our waiter was the only other person we ever saw.  There was no one else the restaurant the entire time we dined.  I'm not sure why because this is another great BYOB place that has the food to back it up.  We brought champagne!I ordered the grilled jalapeno chicken which comes with plantains, rice, and a salad.  The jalapeno chicken was amazing.  The salad was nothing special the plantains were wonderful.  I will be going back and I recommend checking this spot out and trying something new.  Good stuff!
