4	If you drive your car like me, till it falls apart.  Firestone is the place.  They will match any deal.   Plus you can get a life time wheel alignment for $ 169.00.  If you get your tires aligned least once a year and they wear funny they replace for free no questions asked.   Down side is the neighborhood.
5	I work downtown Phoenix and this place has helped me multiple times with whatever I need to get done. I will drop my car off before work and they will take care of the oil change, tires or whatever I need done while I am working and call me when its ready to be picked up. Easy peasy. Get off of work with all my car maintenance needs taken care of...yes, I love this location.
1	Went here to get an inspection done since I had tires put on about a year and a half ago. I had to get my inspection done by a Goodyear or firestone so I decided firestone since I've been here before even though I don't ever trust this brand.I honestly think I was stupid and have never worked on a car before. First they failed my inspection for a headlight supposedly being out. (It was a fog light) not a headlight. Just trying to make an extra $30 I'm sure. On top of that they said I needed new drum and shoes on the back. "They are shot" is what the front desk guy said. Said I had to replace them before they would pass inspection. This is where I think they think I was stupid. They offered me $50 off right then and there to do them, so I wouldn't ask any questions. I declined so I went by the auto parts store and got everything for $100 instead of the $400 minus $50 they wanted to do. I take all wheels off since I was going to rotate tires as well. I get the drums off the back and and compare the drum and shoes to the new ones. Almost no difference. They needed to be cleaned but that's it seriously. I have pictures if you think I'm lying. I hope the shop knows who is writing this and to make it clear I had a 2008 ford focus. Took it to my mechanic and passed with flying colors. What a joke firestone. Don't lie to your customer by putting on a piece of paper drum brakes very concerning. I WILL NEVER BE BACK :) instead try whiteys auto near old town. Honest people and competitive prices. Trust me they are worth it!
