5	The entire office was wonderful.  My daughter and i actually visited with Dr. Jennifer Price.  She was amazing and genuinely cared about our treatment.  I highly recommend visiting this office.
5	This is a very late review.I began seeing Dr. Price in January 2012. I had really bad cystic acne that would not let up. Dr. Price worked her magic, and I've been acne-free since about March or April. I take spironolactone, and use a combination of retinol, adapalene, and clindamycin PCA skincare (Pigment Gel and A&C synergy, plus day moisturizer and their night cream). Though to be honest, I stopped using  gels on a regular basis and my skin is still clear. I think I've had one or two tiny zits since getting on this regimen.Unfortunately, my insurance dropped me in May 2012 and I have not seen her since. When I get back on legit insurance, I will definitely go back to see her to help me with the hyperpigmentation and scarring that has occured.The office staff is so nice and helpful.Dr. Price herself is one of the sweetest, most kind doctor I've ever dealt with.
3	After all the reviews and A-lister clientele, call me a little disappointed. I expected A-class service. Instead I felt there was alot of hype. Coming from a upper crust Nor Cali area...I know all about A-lists.. and you need more than the 'list' to meet the mark. The front desk staff was awesome from phone appt. to check in to check out. I saw Dr. Price, as Dr. Linder is only doing surgery now, and she is only doing surgery, one week of the month. Dr. Price is sweet. But I felt she never stopped to allow for questions. I felt she was 'rehearsed' in what she needed to say about my skin. As silly as that sounds. I had my questions that I had given the medical assistant, but lets be real, there are always more that come up as the visit goes along. I had a full body scan for my dermatology visit. I am in the risk category being a blonde, blue eyed, fair skinned girl that grew up on sand and sun. Lived on the beach from sunrise to dark my entire life til I left for the aviation industry. I have already had 3 pre-cancerous moles removed and I don't like being rushed. Just sayin. I am also at an age where maybe, JUST maybe my vanity maybe setting in .. (okay maybe it always has!).. and maybe it's time to think about that B word in my frown line.. or maybe under my dark circled eye area.. Rush.Rush.Rush. So. I have to think now. I may just have to think about going somewhere without hype. and Rush. :-)
5	I have been seeing Dr. Price for the past year and couldn't be happier. The staff is extremely friendly and personable. Dr. Price explains everything very well and makes sure that you know what is going on before progressing with any treatments. I never felt rushed and had all my questions answered.I only had to wait for an extended period of time once. Every other time visiting her, I was seen and talking to Dr. Price within 10 minute of my appointment time. I would recommend Dr. Price and the office to anyone that asks!
5	Although it may take a few months to get an appointment, it's worth the wait. Dr. Price is the friendliest and most informative dermatologist I have ever been to. I know she is very busy, so I was shocked to see her sit down beside me and ask how I was doing and then provide explanations for what was going on.
