5	There is one reason why I go here and one one reason only -- breakfast.  I love that I can get breakfast anytime of the day here.I always get greedy and order a #4 and end up taking the rest home.I have been known to deviate from my normal breakfast loving self and order their sandwiches and salads...all are out of this world in terms of proportion.  So much food for such a reasonable price!Now I no longer have to drive all the way to Phoenix...this one is just down the street!
4	I love the kitsch of this place! Bears bears everywhere! Black Bear Diners are usually found in small to medium sized towns, but for some reason this one is smack in the middle of urban sprawl. So not complaining though, because it means I don't have to drive to the middle of nowhere to enjoy their old-timey newspaper-menu and awesome pot roast! Their fare is strictly comfort food and always well-prepared. The full portions will fill an average 200lb guy, so it's nice that smaller folk like myself have the option of getting the small (or "senior) portion! Save room for their personal-sized pies...you won't regret it!
3	It's a diner with decent food.Nothing special, nothing bad either.  Decent service, good tasting food.  Very heavy, greasy food, but tastes great.  A little pricey, for a diner.  Breakfast for two, one coffee was $24.00 and their fruit bowl consisted of 10 pieces of honey dew and 4 grapes... pretty sucky.
5	This place is awesome! I take all of my out of state friends and relatives here when they visit. A must see! This place is cozy, and friendly. The staff is wonderful and the food is great! The food is like your grandma's home made dinners. It is lovely! You get so much for such a great price as well. The bears are super cute. It feels like home here. There may be a lot of people eating but the way it's set up it doesn't get loud so its nice. If you haven't eaten here yet, you are missing out!
4	Breakfast is probably my favorite meal of the day, unless you count dessert.  My husband and I met my family out here one day after having a good and yummy experience at another location.The service here is always good, the kids here usually know how to work a breakfast crowd.  You come quick, get drinks, take order, bring food, ask about food, take food, leave check... you know.  I don't like them chatty in the morning.  I've never been disappointed in terms of service at these places.  The food is always good.  It's simple breakfast food done in a traditional manner.  Nothing is too complicated or too foreign sounding.  They have a few creative combinations for omelets for the people that like that kind of stuff.  I particularly like that they have a combo plate that includes like 10 slices of bacon.  Maybe not that many, but it's a lot. If you are looking for good breakfast food with good service that wears suspenders, give Black Bear a try.  Just a warning though, I have seen the places get pretty crowded.
4	Don't go to Black Bear Diner unless you are really hungry! The portions here are some where between Lumberjack and Monster!That being said, the food is wonderful! We have only been for breakfast so far, but their menu contains lots of delicious sounding options and if the pie tastes half as good as it looks I will be very happy indeed.Let me tell you about what we know though. The manager very graciously brought us a sample of their Corned Beef Hash, as well as samples of nearly all their other breakfast meats! "Wow", says I, "how nice of him." But there is a method to his madness here as it conviced us to try some things we would not have ordinarily. (A mark I think of a confident restauranteur and an excellent host!) We decided on the Pattie Sausage and Eggs and the Chicken Fried Steak.The sausage is hand made and in this case was a wonderful Italian seasoned hot sausage that has a wonderful flavor followed by a little kick of spice. Combined with eggs and Black Bear's own hashbrown potatoes, (The serving of which was large in the extreame!), made for a delighful meal.The Chicken Fried Steak was both tender and flavorful with a lovely crispy texture. The gravy was delicious and lump free and was NOT out of a can! It was the by far the largest example of Chicke Fried Steak I had ever seen, and it too was served with hashbrown potatoes!But just when you think this is more food than you can handle, then there are the biscuits! Huge square cut yeast biscuits that are soft, buttery, and wonderfully toasty tasting. Believe me when I tell you that one really is enough! They are HUGE!  And they are served with everything on the breakfast menu. Some of the best biscuits I have had this side of Georgia.So if you're on a diet you might want to skip Black Bear Diner. But if you, like so many of us, enjoy being filled with flavorful, and interesting food then you will want to try the Black Bear Diner!
4	Brought my wife's parents here visiting from out of town. Love the Chicken Fried Steak. We ate here during dinner time and the service was very fast! The service was excellent and attentive.We got individual pies to go after our meal and it was excellent!
3	Return trips to Black Bear Diner have not been as successful as our first. Our food taking a particularly long time to be served and then being overdone when it did arrive. Oh well, everyone can have an off day and I'm sure this was one of them.The only reason I lowered their score was the pie. Looks wonderful, but in actual fact was some of the worst pie I had ever had and I'd had to pay $6.00 for the privilage! Under-cooked and doughy and the filling had not much in the way of flavour. A Hostess Fruit Pie has more apple flavour than this thing did.We'll go back of course, that first trip could not have been a fluke, the food will be better on another day I'm sure. Just stay away from the pie.
4	We were looking for lunch last Saturday and drove by this diner. I've seen it before with its tell tale bear statues, but this time we were looking for something new and eclectic. This is what we got! We were seated pretty quickly and Jeff took our drink orders. He was a little goofy but in a really pleasant way. They were testing a new kid's menu that we thought worked really well for our daughter. My wife got lunch and I ordered breakfast. Sure, it took a little while to get the food but that was ok because there's so much to see and look at. The food was large portions and good. It was immensely awesome, but it was pretty tasty.
3	A chicken-fried steak as big as your head.That's a very cool thing. I got it in a breakfast platter, slathered with gravy and including three eggs, a massive portion of hash browns and two of the biggest biscuits I've seen in my life. My cardiologist will be happy. It was one of the better CF steaks I've had since leaving the Great State of Texas.The lovely bride got the southern something-or-other -- eggs, sausage and gravy over a biscuit. She proclaimed the gravy "fabulous" and she's picky as hell about gravy.Had to drop a star though because once we ordered, the wait for food was absolutely *insane* -- pushing 45 minutes. Our server was a nice enough guy, but we had to flag him down for drinks a couple of times. If you're going to make me wait forever for food, at least keep me caffeinated and hydrated. A "sorry for the delay" would have been nice too, and at least made the wait more tolerable.Good food (at least what we had, other things looked good too), and breakfast is served all day -- a huge plus. But if you go (and I'll go back), don't be surprised to have an interminable delay in getting your food. if they can fix this, we'll have ourselves a real winner folks.
2	Looking at the other reviews I think we must have gone here on an off day or at the wrong time. I was disappointed in the food given that I liked the cute decor and the creative menus (which are designed like newspapers). The fries were good, but I definitely didn't think the portions were as huge as others are describing. I had the stuffed chicken pieces and the server did not give me a choice of sides as it says on the menu. And the hollandaise sauce was yucky - but I think I've been spoiled by TC Eggington's.
1	Charming in its own way.  Our waitress was energetic, and pleasant.  As was the man who refilled the soda for my husband.  Neither will be enough to bring us back.  The delivery of food was slooowww.  My husband ordered the BooBoo Bear Albacore Tuna Salad Sandwhich....he left half of it on the plate.  Self explanatory.  I ordered the two egg, two bacon, two pancake breakfast.  The eggs, were not cooked, the waitress offered to bring me another two.  The were cooked less than the first two.....the bacon was overcooked, and seemed to have been cooked earlier in the morning and reheated.  The pancakes were also reheated, IN THE MICROWAVE.  Rubbery, no flavor, very dense.  The syrup was very thin, almost watery.  Needless to say, I didn't eat much breakfast.   The waitress did comp my breakfast, without being prompted.  We ordered a Cherry Cobbler to go, because that is what they are known for.  Here is a hint, by a frozen pie crust, a can of cherry pie filling and bake.  Less expensive and it will probably taste better.
4	Its a diner, if you set your expectations towards a diner or Cracker barrel, you'll  be happy.My companions had waffle w/ bacon, Eggs Benedict, and a 'southern Scramble" i had a patty melt.When ordering my patty melt, I requested Rare as they could... so of course it was well done to the point of tree bark!However, the brides Soutthern scramble was insane, so much... everything!  Biscuits, sausage, eggs... frankly, I would try the omelette version next if I were here.Eggs Bennidict... a winner according to the frieind.And the waffle? Looked like a great waffle, but nothing earth shattering\Asv for mtn mealSadly, When asked how I wanted it cooked, I asked as medium rare as possible, and bieng e, i asked for well done, hot fries.well my patty was as well done as zanything I've ever had, zero juice, zero flavor, jusym  VEY well done patty  meat.And the cheese on the melt? it was sourly lacking... so little cheese, it was worthless. and onions? What onions? I admit, I was very sad by my personal meal.Final insult, the fries that I asked for well done, might have been tasty, 30 minutes before we arrived! They were as cold and flaccid a fry as I've had in forever... made me  wish for any drive through.Final verdict, I'll go back... the portions are HUGEMONGOUS! and some things seem awesome... so I'll try breakfast,  which seems to be the the winning meal here.Sadly, I've had a better patty melt at Whataburgur.. and I muist restate the sad part of that statement.(The brides scramble seemed a bit much, will post images) so I think next time I'll try a omlette instead)My advise to my6 friends?Go there! be HungryBut as with most places, nothing is perfect.
3	This place has pretty good breakfast.  It's far better then Denny's, but not as good as T.C. Eggington's... It's also priced pretty good compared to the huge food portions you get.  I had their country fried steak, which I would recommend to anyone.
5	Everytime I move into a new area I go on the hunt for home cookin. Especially breakfast, my fav meal. Me & a buddy driving Baseline looking for such a restaturant pulled into BBD last week & I've already been back.Not only huge portions but tasty. Where can you get Steak & Eggs, taters & huge biscuit for 6.99 w/ an actual steak on the plate full of flavor?  Those in my party loved the eggs benedict, scrambles and the huge pancakes.Bob the GM is a good guy w/ loads of customer svc. Ricki our server was a hoot after picking up on my oneriness.
3	What I really want out of a diner is something like the Double R on Twin Peaks... and maybe that's why the Black Bear Diner sort of struck my fancy.  It's kitschy, it has a counter, cozy booths, rustic and woodsy decor, and a big old jukebox.  Huge-ass portions of whatever you order, a ginormous menu printed on hokey faux newspapers, and breakfast served all day long.  I order off the seniors/light eaters menu, and still find myself with half a plate of food at the end of my meal.I've always had reasonably fast and friendly service, and my drink is never, ever empty.  I can't complain.  It's a diner, it's pretty inexpensive, and it's close to my house.  I was kind of sad to learn it was a chain... but I guess that's silly.  BTW - my girlfriend from out of town and I came to the Black Bear twice in as many days when she was visiting because we were waited on like royalty by the young gentlemen who were working that weekend.  Ladies, go in a pack.  You'll be treated well.
5	Unlike Black Bear on Bell Rd., which went from 5-Stars to 4-Stars to 1-Star & finally folded, this Bear is still roaring at full volume!I loved this place from the moment I set foot inside...  SO comfortable!  I ordered one of the current breakfast specials, which was an 8 oz. New York Steak & eggs.  I chose hash browns & an English Muffin for the other items.  Everything including the BIG serving of potatoes was just delicious, & my service from "Rusty" was perfect.  What an amazing value too, at only $6.99!I'll be back to bite my way through most everything on the menu here, because this Black Bear is absolutely 5-Stars!
4	Quintessential diner experience.  I have had several breakfasts there, and I really like the oatmeal!  Comes with brown sugar, milk, and little individual packets of a dried fruit blend (nice touch) and also nuts (not my style).  Big portions on all platter/skillet type meals.
3	I would recommend breakfast but be ready to eat - I would almost say it is a better brunch-time breakfast because I literally skipped lunch.  I had the corned beef hash which I thought was a little greasy but otherwise very tasty.  The hashbrowns were very good and they got the eggs right :) bonus points for a waitress who was willing to accommodate my kids.
4	I have been to this place 3 times so far.  I will be going to back for more. Pro's -Portion size vs price.  You get more then you pay for.Customer service.   Always friendlyMenu- Nice selectionSeating- Fat guy friendly; not jammed together like sardines in a can.Cons-Waiting- This place is always busy. On the weekend expect 15 minutes.Kids- This is a family diner. Expect kids misbehaving and babies crying.Final thought- If your looking for a quaint, cozy, Mimi's cafe experience. Then go to Mimi's cafe. If you want a Mans Meal, if you want to walk in hungry and walk out stuffed, if you want to park your a$$ down and chow on some good home cooking grub. Then hit this place up. Families, blue collars, and elderly folks eat there. Expect to wait 15 to 30 minutes for a table on the weekend between 8 and 11am. The sweet cream pancakes are awesome. The Griz, will put you in a food coma. I take off one star for one reason.  Seasoning, to cater to as many customers as possible many of the dishes that I sampled in my three trips there were a little under seasoned.  My family and friends like to share, so we take a bite of this or that from each others plates. It is to be expected though with as many elderly customers as come in.All in all great place to eat.
3	Average american fan fare.  The food is usually good, but can be inconsistent.  Health code violations in the past were really bad.  Fortunately it does look better now and the place seems to be turning around with new staff and management.  In dire need of some modern services for business customers.  WiFi would be nice, is it too much to ask for a restaurant to spend $150 on a router to set up a secure private network and a guest network for guests?  I don't think so!So, food good, business meetings, not so much.
2	My In-law came in from Kingman, AZ to visit and took us out to eat. He loves Black Bear and first started to frequent these restaurants in Lake Havasu.... Unfortunately, he was dissapointed.The portions at this restaurant, although it is a chain, are smaller... same menu though... And as I write this review me and my wife are in bed sick (it must have been their food because it was the only thing we ate today). Love their coconut cream pie! Would go back ANY day...  just, please, standarize the portions =)  We go strictly for their huge burgers and taco salads, which are usually great!
3	well what has normally been a good spot had some tough times this morning my eggs bene the eggs were as hard as rock after telling the very nice and mostly effeciante server i asked if she could get me 2 more poached eggs......she did unfortunately it took 7/8 minutes and by that time it was a little late .....UNFORTUNATELY these eggs were a little over done as well ...not like the first ones they were very apologetic and only charged me 1/2 price for my breakfast............should have been free in my opinion ..BUT i will say i have had probley 8 breakfasts there in the last year and all were good ....i usually go in monday mornings
4	Go hungry! This place is about huge breakfast portions. As far as quality, it's hit or miss. So, you might want to give it a few tries
2	We ate at one of this chain's restaurants in California last year, and while the portions were huge, and the food was okay, it wasn't anything special, in my opinion. I felt the same way after trying this one too.My wife loved her barbecued chicken salad with chipotle dressing, and I had the shrimp and tri-tip steak combo. There was nothing to complain about, but it just didn't set off any fireworks in my taste buds. If Terry wanted to go back, I'd say okay, but I don't think I'd make the suggestion.
5	Great food. You def get your money's worth. Huge. I mean huge portions. Side note if there is a line and you want to wait make sure you sign your name on the notepad by rthe cash register.  We didn't know that and one other party signed in before we realized so we just ate at the bar. No wait.
4	One word - YUM. The portions are pretty ginormous and the prices are way fair. My husband and I got out of here for cheaper than a visit to IHOP and were way more satisfied. I had "The Grizz" which was (I think) 2 eggs, 2 bacon, 2 sausage, a ham steak portion, hash browns or home fries and 2 pancakes. My scrambled eggs were perfectly cooked. The bacon was thick and cooked well. I'm not a fan of breakfast sausage so I got a double helping of bacon instead so I can't comment on the sausage. The ham was the one thing on my plate that was Ew. It was grilled, but it just tasted like charcoal grill marks. And the texture was funky. It was just not appetizing at all. And the pancakes. Ohhhhhh.... the pancakes. They required no syrup at all. The recipe must have a lot of sugar in it because they were super sweet. It was almost like eating a piece of cake, rather than a pancake. I saved my pancakes for last and ended up not being able to eat them so I took them home and enjoyed them cold, later on. My husband had the Bigfoot Chicken Fried Steak and it was just sorta "meh". Nothing special and actually tasted too greasy. I could taste more oil than meat which wasn't good. I wouldn't recommend it personally. Yes, it's a chain. No, the service wasn't the greatest. No, it was nothing fancy or gourmet. It was just regular old breakfast food done really well! I would just really suggest the pancakes! Nummers.
4	Been going to the BBD for a while now.  Favorite thing is their cheap prices.  Breakfast food is real good here too.  I have never had to wait longer than 5 minutes for a table.  Normally there is no wait whatsoever.The Griz is amazing and it like 50lbs of meat and egg for your morning pleasure.  Fridays are the Fish Fry and apparently its like $8.99 for unlimited fish!  You get some fries and hush puppies yumCome on in and get a coffee.  Enjoy your dinner with a cold beer or a fluffy bear.  Whatever floats your boat.
3	Food was just ok.  But the service, oh, the service.  I could go on and on.  The server was Jonathan, and he could work at any restaurant he wanted, he was fantastic.  Talked to my daughter like she was a real person, never left us needing anything, seemed to anticipate our needs.  We might go back, mostly for the service....food....just ok.
4	Well. Im absolutely terrified of Black Bears...but the bears at Black Bear Diner are non-threatening ;) This is one of my favorite spots for breakfast. The atmosphere here is so cozy, casual, and relaxing. It is amusing to look at the seemingly endless amount of black bear decor they have! The food is delish!!! They give you HUGE portions of food. I always get the traditional breakfast - eggs, potatoes, toast. Always a winner :) Their staff is friendly, but service is more on the slower side but that is nice too!Definitely recommend this place is you have a big appetite for a classic breakfast :)
4	When you come to this place consider a few things: 1. Don't eat all day.2. Share one meal.3. Be prepared to take home left overs.Me and my friends came to place for brunch but we left with boxes with leftovers for dinner. The people were friendly and the service was quick. But I didn't anticipate the amount of food we received. We were only a party of 3 people and we had food enough for 8. I don't think I even put a dent on my own meal.The food was delicious. The biscuits and gravy was the business. The place we went to was in Arizona but I heard there's a couple in the bay area. If you see one, I suggest stopping by with the troops and try it out.
3	Sometimes it's good, sometimes it's not. Everything tastes the same to be honest, so if you don't mind that this is the place for you. They have a great breakfast menu and the staff is attentive and nice. In all honesty the prices are a little on the high end for quality of food.
5	Discovered this place at the west side location, it was pretty good. Moved to the east side and found this location. This location is super good. We've been many times. My whole family loves the breakfast here. Lunch is also good. The staff were very attentive and nice. They have menus on cute faux newspapers that tell of local history. Love the little things they have here. The portions for breakfast are huge. It's hard not to stuff yourself here. Love the biscuits (which are huge) & gravy.  Great place for breakfast. You most likely will have a short wait on the weekends mornings & late mornings.
2	The boyfriend and I were looking to branch out from our usual breakfast haunts but the minute we pulled up to Black Bear Diner we should have kept driving to The Farmhouse in Gilbert. One look at this place and we should have known this was not gonna be great.Black Bear Diner is pretty much a bear-themed Denny's. I ordered the "small portion" breakfast and boyfriend ordered pancakes. My small breakfast was 2 eggs, a huge portion of hashbrowns, a gigantic biscuit and bacon. There was nothing small about this breakfast. The menu said for seniors and smaller appetites. They've got some hungry seniors in Gilbert apparently.The eggs were tasteless and the bacon was meh. The hashbrowns were good though, I'll give them that. Boyfriend's pancakes were also flavorless and really thick and heavy. Nothing light and fluffy about these flapjacks. They were kinda like a brick with syrup.We left feeling like we had wasted our weekend breakfast. Maybe lunch or dinner is better but I don't think we'll be back to find out.
3	I was really excited to try this place after reading a Yelp review on a friend's FB. I went with my hubby on a weeknight and had to wait about 20 minutes to get a table. The server was nice, but I wouldn't call her attentive - drinks were empty for quite some time before she ever noticed and didn't check how the food came out until it was time to offer to bring our bill. The food itself was definitely home cookin' style. I ordered the chicken fried steak and it was pretty good - no complaints (but also not the best I've ever had... a bit too crunchy). Honestly, I probably wouldn't go back unless someone else really wanted to go. Wouldn't be a place I'd think of for a good meal.
5	When I met some friends for dinner at this restaurant at the end of October, I liked it so much that I made a mental note to write something later.   I've just signed onto Yelp, and this is my first review.Our group of friends hadn't seen each other for a while.   Busy catching up, we didn't open our menus for quite a while.  I was impressed that our waitress (her name might be Mel) kept coming back in the nicest way to check on us, but didn't interrupt our conversation.   She kept letting us know that she was ready when we were.  When we were finally ready to order, she asked:  "Separate checks?"   Terrific.  That was exactly what we needed.I hadn't expected to like the food, because I had heard and read that it was all the  high-calorie "comfort" variety.   It was a nice surprise that I was able to get low-calorie substitutions for the sides that went with my entree.Overall, it was a very nice experience.
4	Huge portions and consistently good food.  Be prepared for a wait during holidays and weekends.  They are a Pepsi product restaurant, so that adds another plus for me.  Always order the larger breakfast and take some home!  If possible, as for Ricki to be your server and you will NOT be disappointed!
3	I went here this morning for breakfast with the BF to use our living social deal. We had been to black bear before about 6 years ago in glendale and then again maybe 4 years ago up in Washington state. The last time we went, we were not terribly thrilled with the place. Anyway, we decided to give them another shot and it was pretty decent. I had the shasta scramble, which has avocado, onion, bell pepper, and spinach. This was good, it was not the most flavorful scramble I have ever had, but the veggies were fresh and I liked that this was an option on their menu because most places only have one veggie scramble and it has tons of veggies thrown in with no reason for those veg to go together...anyway, the breakfast came with a ton of country potatoes which I liked more than the typical hash brown. The BF got the one biscuit and gravy breakfast and he said it was alright, not the best ever, but not bad. I thought breakfast here was better than Denny's or Ihop, but clearly not as good as the Farmhouse or Liberty Market and the like of local breakfast places. The service was also good, but I thought it was so weird because our waitress kept calling us 'kids' and calling me sweetie, princess, and honey. I find this somewhat condescending, not that I think that was her intention, but I think that is unnecessary. I know this is kind of a diner thing, but I have never really cared for us, but maybe that's just me. The waitress was good at her job and attentive though, so that is what's important. Also, the portions are huge and I wish they had more options for half meals because I don't like to waste food, but I know people like the giant portion thing.... I would probably come back here for breakfast again sometime, however, because it is decently priced and has decent flavor.
4	Great breakfasts with fresh ingredients and huge portions.  The California Benedict is exceptionally good, with avocados, spinach and hollandaise sauce.  Their sausage is homemade and absolutely delicious.  The hash-browns appear to be homemade too.  An excellent experience that we will repeat as soon as possible!
4	I've been here so many times, I can't believe I haven't reviewed Black Bear yet! This is me and my friend's "go-to" breakfast place. Ginormous portions, and for a decent price. A little slow on the service, but if you're not in a hurry it's no big deal. Basically down home cooking. You see diner and that is exactly what you get. Good eats!
4	We've been to the Black Bear a couple of times for breakfast, which is excellent, but never had been for dinner (by the way, we always split the Griz for breakfast and always leave with leftovers...it's HUGE!) We decided to go to the Black Bear this past Valentine's Day to give their dinner a try. My husband had to work a bit late and we had our toddler with us so we were just looking for a nice family-friendly dinner. The wait was about 15 minutes but that was ok. They have a little jukebox in the waiting area and our daughter liked looking at that. When we were seated our waitress was very nice and helpful. We ordered a grilled cheese for our daughter with fries. It was a large portion for a kids meal and came with a free sunday (not a crummy, cheap, artificial ice cream sunday but a good one, with vanilla bean ice cream and your choice of topping). Of course I had to taste her sandwich and it was a really good grilled cheese! Nice bread and good cheese. The fries were excellent too; they were seasoned fries, not just frozen crinkle cut fries that you get at a lot of places. My husband and I split the small portion of chicken fried steak with green beans, potatoes, and a side salad. Even for a small portion it was plenty for us to share. The chicken fried steak was crisp (not too much breading) and the gravy was good. The potatoes were red-skinned mashed potatoes and you could tell they were homemade. The green beans were not spectacular but not bad either. The salad was crisp with fresh cherry tomatoes, red onions, and carrots. About halfway through dinner our daughter became very fussy so my husband had to take her outside for a little bit to calm her down. Our waitress was really sweet and came over to see if she was ok and asked if she could get me anything. I was surprised at how concerned she was! When we went to pay (you pay at the front register) we were pleasantly surprised to learn that kids eat free on Tuesdays! Nice surprise! We ended up paying around $15 with tip and tax for our dinner and our daughter's free dinner. Plus our daughter got a balloon when we left so she was excited about that. We will definitely be returning to this place again! It's a great place for breakfast but it's nice to know it's a good place for dinner too!
4	**Nice family spot**Folks here are nice and friendly .. never ending sodas and lots of homemade foods, classic specials like burger and fries, HUGE egg omelets Stuffed with all you favorites, baby back ribs, meat loaf etc.  Good music on the juke box.  A++ for freshness, but  they lost a star on the banna cream pie crust (was not as flaky *hard and dry) -1 star for that one.... and kids eat free one day a week!!!!
5	I love Black Bear! We were stuffed on our cinnamon roll french toast, eggs, bacon, biscuits & gravy, and pancakes, on our platters, not plates. The service is always great, fast, efficient & the food is amazing. You just might want to share a platter. I always want to roll myself out of there after I'm done cleaning my plate.
4	Awesome breakfast. More food than any one person can consume. Nice employees and overall really clean for a quick casual breakfast joint. I would give it five except 1) sometimes on sundays they get over run by church go-ers and seniors and the service suffers a bit. 2) Once in a while the meats are a bit well done, but just give them a heads up if you don't like that and they'll be more conscious.
5	I LOVE this place!!!  I've never been for anything but breakfast, but I have never been disappointed!  There will almost always be a wait on Saturday and Sunday morning, but it is so so so well worth it.  The food is good, service is friendly, and portions are HUGE.
5	This place is literally within walking distance from my apartment, yet I have passed by it daily. This morning I was hungry for breakfast and had a lot of things to do so I thought I would try something close. I have noticed the parking lot is usually full, so I thought it must be good. I had no idea what type of food they had or what to expect.It was Sunday morning just around 9:30 and I was fortunate to be able to walk in and instantly have a table. The server was very friendly and she checked back often always refilling my coffee. The menu is a little newspaper and it's a bit overwhelming with many options, but I finally settled on the volcano. It is described as three pancakes, 2 sausage links, 2 bacon strips, and an egg. The pancakes are three different sizes and stacked to create a volcano with the egg on top. It was under $9 and I was surprised at the size of it! I attempted but could not finish it. The big pancake was left uneaten. They do have a smaller option for around $6 and that might be the better way to go unless you have just returned from a month long trip through the jungle or plan to share with someone. The server continued to check on me and even offered up a to go cup of coffee. I don't know how I have overlooked this place but based on the experience today, I would put it right at the top of best spots in town for breakfast. I will say come early because by the time I was leaving the lobby was full, people were milling around the parking lot, and the wait to be seated was 15 minutes.
4	Black Bear Diner1809 E. Baseline RoadGilbert, AZ480-926-2046In my continuing quest for good food at reasonable prices, I was convinced by two companions to try Black Bear Diner. They are a chain of about 50 restaurants in the western states.We arrived at dinner hour and were promptly greeted and seated. The atmosphere is a bit eclectic and kind of reminds one of a hunting lodge in the mountains. Our waitress came promptly to the table and asked about drinks. The menu is written on a kind of newsprint, and makes interesting reading. Apparently, each one is tailored to the state it is printed in, and is replete with interesting facts about the state.Companion 1 ordered the Cobb Salad ($8.99). The portion size was enormous, and two could have easily made a meal of it. Nice smoky bacon, a large portion of blue cheese, and tons of assorted salad on a plate that was more than 12 inches across. Companion 1 was unable to finish half of it and ended up with a doggie box to take for the next day's lunch.Companion 2 ordered the Bacon Burger ($10.49). I'm not sure, but I'd bet that the patty was a half pound of meat. By the time it was all stacked up with all the fixings, I couldn't figure out how anyone could get their mouth around it - but companion 2 managed it along with the cheese on it and a portion of onion rings instead of fries.For myself, I ordered the Chicken Fried Steak. It came on another huge plate (a necessity for the size of the portion) along with mashed potatoes smothered in gravy and fresh cooked assorted veggies. There was little doubt that the veggies were cooked to order as they were still a little crisp and done to perfection. All this came with a delicious corn muffin to add to the calorie count.None of us could avoid desert. Other than Washington State and Oregon, I've never been served anything with huckleberries - perhaps it's because the bears like to eat them as much as the humans do, so they are expensive and hard to come by. Nonetheless, they had huckleberry ice cream - the only correct word for it was yum! Companion 1 had it over a deep dish cherry pie, and companion 2 had it as a shake. Neither of my companions could finish their deserts. I had mine as a simple ball of ice cream in a dish, and just managed to finish it.Service was outstanding, and everything was nice and clean. I give them 4 stars for quality, portion size, and cleanliness.
4	Another cozy breakfast place.I am a sucker for black coffee and eggs diner type places, so please understand that I actually sort of like that crappy diner taste...That being said, I've had 2 great experiences here so far.The service has been a real pleasure.  The servers are friendly and fast and will go out of their way to help with special requests or order mix ups.The prices aren't bad, and the food is pretty good.  Basic breakfast fare.I like that there's a jukebox that will play random songs from just about every era (even some 30's and 40's throwbacks).When I walked in at 6:30am one morning, they were playing old-timey bluegrass.  And the interior design is like the inside of a log cabin.I love that kind of kitschy-ness so it works for me!
2	After getting food poisoning from here a few months ago we decided to give it another chance. (food poisoning was from salad)One tip, do not forget to bring a sweater, it's always freezing inside.So we went to check out the all u can eat fish fry.  The fries and fish had a burnt taste to them, they use paco crumbs instead of beer batter which tasted off.  We were not impressed.  The colesaw was lacking flavor and moisture. We won't be back for a long time.
4	Looking for great breakfast? Here's a new go to spot. Sadly a chain but a good one at that...Good service, portions and food.We both ordered breakfast and had more leftovers than we the food we ate! And yes the food was good. The food came just ordered and there was little if anything lacking in service. Prompt and friendly...The chicken fried steak was hot and had plenty of gravy. The corned beef hash was a huge hit! Delicious, filling and less filler than any other corned beef hash I've ever tried! The hash-browns were great! Since I normally like home-fries or the diced potatoes I was really surprised at how good they tasted. Definitely get them instead of the red potatoes.The pancakes were WAY too heavy & had little taste. I nearly dislocated a shoulder lifting the plate. I wouldn't recommend them unless you are looking to be a human anchor.All in all it's a great go to place for breakfast & I can't wait to try the regular menu.
1	Have been to this restaurant before, and it was good, however went there last night with several friends and the food was terrible, I had a patty melt & asked for well done it was very rare,  and bread and onions were burnt.  They said they would not charge me, but did anyway. Maybe they have a new cook, my friends did not like their meals either......
3	Good large portions but I thought it was a little over-priced.
3	Like their breakfast.  Lunch and dinner not so much.  They have always overcooked my entree.
4	HUMONGOUS HOTCAKES! And my breakfast eggs were cooked just as I ordered them. And the homemade patty-sausage (choice of hot or mild) was incredible. Yep, I'm a new and big fan of Black Bear Diner for breakfast.  Everything on the breakfast menu looked so good that it was hard to make a choice on my first visit here. But my choice was more than satisfying and scrumptious, so I will be back another day to try some of the other choices - - like French toast bear claws . . .how could you go wrong with that sweet treat?I only had one small disappointment. The coffee was too bitter for me. I like mine strong, dark and smooth. Add cream and it should be a rich soft brown. But, I know how one likes their coffee, as how they like their men, is just a matter of taste, But, for me . . . rich and smooth, nothing bitter!Bring it on Black Bear, I will return to this family oriented place for breakfast again.
1	Once was enough. Everyone was raving so we tried it. He had breakfast and said "meh" and mentioned that he couldn't tell what kind of grease the eggs had been cooked in. But no big deal. However, I had something called that if I recall was a sirloin salad-the name escape me. It was advertised as a garden salad tossed with sliced grilled sirloin. The waitress tried to warn me against the dressing it comes with, offering me a choice of another--I should have taken her up on, I think they got the dressing they used in a hunting shop-think something that might attract a bear or something. The meat was a far from sirloin as it could have been. I couldn't cut it, I couldn't chew it, I have no idea what it was. Never again.
3	Service is always terrible, but if in the mood for average, but bland comfort food you are in luck.
4	Okay, we've been to this place twice now and both visits were very successful. They have really good quality food and the plates that they serve our enormous! I can't imagine what their food cost must be. Anyhow both times we went for breakfast. The first time I had eggs Benedict and the soft-boiled eggs were cooked perfect and the hollandaise sauce was creamy buttery and wonderful. Last week I had the corned beef hash and it was fresh and wonderful; it must be made in house. The coffee is very good as well. The ding on the star level comes from the unpredictable service as it can be slow at times; especially when you want to check to pay and leave. Overall this place is a home-run and we'll put it on the rotation even though there are quite a few breakfast places hearing Gilbert AZ.
4	Everything I've had has been amazing! Especially fond of the Cinnamon Roll French Toast. It's literally a cinnamon roll sliced and fried like French toast. Omg. Steak and eggs was real good too. Can be a greasy spoon depending on what you get
5	I've been told many times that I needed to try this place and finally did recently. We had a large group (9 of us) on sunday for breakfast and they were able to accomodate us quickly and without issue. I ordered the corned beef hash partly because they said it was homemade. It was absolutely homemade and delicious! They also made substitutions for me without hesitation. The kids in our party all ordered pancakes and french toast and loved them. I took a taste of the cinnamon roll french toast and just loved it! I was very surprised at the Black Bear Diner! I'll be going back for dinner sometime soon.
3	After having been here three times I figured it was time for a review. This place is alright and the service is lack luster. We sat at the bar once (right near the kitchen) on a very slow evening and got our food after twenty or so minutes. The pancakes are wonderful, more like dessert for breakfast but hey, thats what you want from a home-town diner. I have had the chicken strips which were salty but good and a large portion. I am sure that we will be back and I will continue to try dishes until I find the perfect dish that brings this rating from a three to a five.
1	I was at Black Bear today with a group and when I didn't get my order in over AN HOUR, yup --  60 minutes -- despite two pleas to the server, I got up to talk to the manager. By this time, most everybody in my party had finished and the waitress was cleaning up. I went over to the counter and could see in the kitchen that the staff looked grim and super stressed out. There wasn't a smile for miles.The manager offered no excuses or apology as he emerged from the kitchen - just a 'Yeah, what? I told the manager what was going on and wondered aloud what was going on. "I am beginning to wonder if I have to go to Taco Bell to pick up something to eat."  He said, "Then why don't you?"Wrong answer.My husband went to go talk to the guy afterward, and the manager stood his ground and said I was rude.Me? Seriously?If he couldn't offer a simple apology or explanation, then you should know that his crappy attitude is rubbing off on all of the staff, and these are the people making you something to eat. Is that yummy???Black Bear Diner has a pretty big menu for a diner but you'll get an unexpected side of  "I don't give a s**t" with your meal. Ya know, there are just so many other places to get lunch at that I don't see any reason to go there again, ever.
5	Took my son and sister here for the first time over the weekend, and the opinion between us is that we don't understand how this place got bad reviews. We were seated within 5 minutes upon arriving, even though the place was in the brunch hour (11 AM on a Saturday) and fairly busy. The waitress took our drink orders immediately and gave us time to look over the menus. I ordered the NY Strip breakfast, my sister got The Grizz and for my son we got the Mini Volcano off the child's menu. Expecting that the size of the servings here would be about the average of everywhere else, we weren't intimidated by ordering off the Hungry Bear's breakfast. We were quite wrong. We were both shocked and pleased with the very ample serving sizes of everything presented, and the home made quality of all of it. We were certainly left with enough to eat later on in the day!The hotcakes (pancakes) were amazing, not the microwave reheated mess you typically get at some places. Home made sausages were also tasty. My son actually ate everything without complaint. The steak was cooked exactly as I ordered, and was tender enough to be pulled apart just by putting pressure on the steak with the knife and using the fork to pull the meat. Eggs done perfectly, biscuits were ginormous. My sister held no complaints for her meal, either. She got the 7 grain hotcakes with her meal, and they were actually very tasty and had a pleasant texture.Our experience was great, service was prompt and friendly.We will be returning, and bringing more people with us.HIGHLY Recommended. Enormous portions at amazing prices.
5	I always see people recommending the breakfast here, it is good but do yourself a favor and try the tri tip dinner with mixed veggies and baked beans. The tri tip is always juicy and seasoned very well. The baked beans are a little sweet and spicy, perfect with the tri tip and the mixed veggies are comprised of zucchini, squash, broccoli, red onion and carrots - lightly seasoned and steamed. I also highly recommend the "Bob's big bear bacon burger"  but keep in mind the burger has thousand island on it, I recommend ordering it without, unless that's your thing. The fries are always made fresh and super crispy, if you try to eat less starchy food or can't handle the behemoth burger AND fries (the burger is massive) then go with a dinner salad (the blue cheese dressing is the best I've had outside of higher end steak houses) both dishes are fantastic and never disappoint.
4	This is my favorite breakfast place in a reasonable distance to my house. This even beats out Crackers & Co. and T.C. Eggington's in my book, which is saying a lot. The portions are massive and you easily get 2 or 3 times the amount of food for your buck as you do at those other 2 chains. This is comfort food at its (almost) finest.They don't serve anything fancy, but it is all -- and I mean ALL -- delicious. I've been many times and have tried over a dozen of their breakfast entrees and half a dozen lunch/brunch items. To honestly say that I have never had a bad meal here says a lot, and explains why I keep going back. The food has a down home taste to it that I have yet to see replicated anywhere but my mom's kitchen table. No joke, this stuff tastes like grandma made it. The only downside is that some side dishes or sauces/gravies (not the focus, but still) taste pre-made or from frozen products. All of the entrees and massive biscuits are fresh, but still. :/ I know that this is a franchise in a West Coast chain, but if they changed some of their ancillary items to live up to the same standard as the rest of the food, they'd be a 5 star restaurant for sure.The service is done in an old-school classic diner way, and all the wait staff at this location are very nice and attentive. Food comes out as quickly and as hot as you might get at IHOP or Waffle House, but up to a very different standard. And instead of sassy or rude service, you get treated like an old friend (especially once they start to recognize you, you're like a king).Worth a trip from as far as Chandler, Apache Junction, Queen Creek, or south Gilbert for their breakfasts... but only their breakfasts. The other fare is decent, but doesn't hold a candle to their fantastic breakfast food. If you just want some great pancakes or want to splurge on a truly varied morning feast of anything you can think of, get to Black Bear.
5	This was my first time coming here and I was very impressed.  Was seated right away and given beverages immediately.  After asking the waitress for her recommendations we ordered.  She was willing to customize our orders without complaint.  The food was served quickly and correctly.  It was also delicious!We were given excellent service and checked on for refills, etc.  I would definitely go back again.
5	Best breakfast!!
5	The food is excellent, especially the chicken fried steak, biscuits and cinnamon french toast. We mainly go for breakfast and it never disappoints. There are also locations in Las Vegas and northern California and they all delight the stomach and eyes!
4	I stopped by this location after having tried a previous Black Bear Diner in Tulare, CA while traveling.The food here is good.  While reading the about the history of the Black Bear Diner on the menu, it mentioned the original establishment was set up to offer generous portions of home-style, comfort food at affordable prices.  The restaurant does it well.  The food isn't world class, or the best I ever ate but so far I've enjoyed all the dishes I've had while eating at this particular chain.  They give you large portions and the dishes are relatively inexpensive.  This is a good place to go if you're looking to have a good full meal without breaking the bank.  I came with a group, and everybody was satisfied after dining here.The menu seems to be consistent between all of the Black Bear Diners I've been too.  I didn't notice any local food or deals.  Even though we came for lunch at about 2pm, the waiter informed us that they were still serving breakfast!  We also asked if they served the dinner portions of the menu at this time, and she said yes.  However, she stated that some of the sides wouldn't be available at this time such as the baked potatoes until after 4pm.  I suppose depending on the time you visit here, it may limit the menu selection you have to choose from.I tried the Mickey's Chicken Pot Pie.  This dish comes with your choice of a side dish.  I had the Vegetable of the Day which was sauteed vegetables.  It was a mixture of a carrots, yellow squash and zucchini.  Unlike the dinner specials on the menu, this dish doesn't come with soup or salad.  The Pot Pie comes in a medium sized ramekin bowl.  The filling is spooned into the bowl, there is no bottom layer of crust to the "pie" just the top layer.  The top came out browned and flaky.  The filling itself was quite good.  It had large chunks of chicken.  There was a large amount of peas in this pot pie.  I happen to like peas, so this doesn't bother me.  However, I'm not sure if it was normal for there to be this many peas in the pot pie, or if I just happened to get a scooping with a lot of peas.  So for those who aren't that big of a fan of peas take note!In addition, many of the dish come with corn bread muffins.  My part and I ordered extra corn bread as a side to go with our meal.  There's nothing special about the corn bread.  It tasted great and they were served to us piping hot out of the oven.  I happen to think they tasted better after they cooled down a little bit and had a chance to solidify.  They also don't seem to crumble and fall apart as much as the  freshly baked hot ones.Overall, I definitely like this chain and would visit them again.
1	Fantastic food, but I wish I could give this location zero stars for my experience.  On Father's Day (two weeks ago) my family went to Black Bear Diner to celebrate my Grandfather.  There was a total of five adults and we ended up spending about $50.  The food was absolutely worth the money!  I got "The Griz" and it arrived on two gigantic plates filled to the brim.  It tasted great and was satisfying.  We were also celebrating a Birthday in the group and the server brought out a free peach cobbler for her.  The place was busy and a little messy inside, but this is to be expected on a day like this.  Up until this point, we were having a great time, but going to the restrooms changed everything!I had to take my very elderly Grandfather to the men's room, where there was what appeared to be a Black Bear Diner worker (wearing one of their shirts) exiting a stall, that was not properly flushed.  There was a second Black Bear Diner worker entering the men's room behind us.  The two workers exchanged fist bumps and words, before the first worker (who just left a used toilet) exited the men's room WITHOUT WASHING HIS HANDS!  I know he didn't wash his hands because since I was holding the door open for my Grandfather, my back was to the sinks and watched him slip right out the door.  If I did not have to constantly be at my Grandfather's side, i would have followed the worker out of the men's room and confronted him.  To add insult to injury, there is a sign next to the sinks saying employees must wash hands.  After exiting the men's room and washing up, we left immediately.  My stomach was churning thinking that this guy might have handled food without having clean hands.  As we left, a worker at the front desk was notified and she said she would take care of it.  I left an email that night with the main email address for Black Bear Diner and the Gilbert store.  After one week, I did not have any response, so I went to Facebook, where they finally responded.  I ended up speaking to a very nice lady at the Black Bear Diner headquarters.  However, since this location is a franchise store, it seems that headquarters cannot do much.  I told the lady at their headquarters to pass along my contact info to the Gilbert store.  It has been two weeks since the visit and have not heard anything from the Gilbert store.  The best food in the world can not make up for a worker not washing their hand after using the restroom.
4	I had breakfast here the other day, and it was fantastic. The bacon was thick and meaty, the ham and eggs were both cooked exactly how I ordered, and the hash browns were great. The sweet cream pancakes are easily the highlight. I would come back for those alone.The only thing that kept me from giving this place 5 stars is they advertised fresh squeezed orange juice and it was obviously from concentrate.
3	Meh... It's a nice change from IHOP when I'm craving breakfast for dinner. The portions were large, but nothing really stood out like i had hoped.  I'll be back to try their huckleberry options though for sure.
4	I have only been to Black Bear Diner for the breakfast and the food is fantastic! Lots of great tasting food for a low price!
4	My favorite item on the menu is the homemade mild sausage which I inevitably order with eggs and hash browns. It's the best sausage I have ever eaten. The dining areas are clean and the wait staff has always been friendly and helpful. I eat here at least twice a week, it's my favorite place for breakfast.
4	I always passed by this restaurant I thought I outta try it out. The atmosphere was Definitely appealing, kid friendly and great portion size. Our meal was delicious and kids eat free on Tuesday. I highly recommend this place great breakfast restaurant.
4	My wife and I love this place! Great breakfast! Great service! Feels like county livin!!
5	My husband frequented "The Bear" when he first moved here without me, and we've been a couple times since I joined him.  However, I must say that the other evening, we ate at Black Bear, Gilbert and I had one of the best rib eyes I have ever tasted! Tender, juicy, and cooked a perfect med. rare; enough fat to flavor, but none of the chewy mass I often get at higher end restaurants.  The accompanying red-skinned mashed potatoes and grilled veggies were just right and not too heavy.  Everyone is considerate and friendly (they made an effort to seat us away from a large group of children, even though we were unaware) and service is great here; we enjoy the atmosphere, reading the menu/history, and the overall "vibe".  And of course, we enjoy taking home a heaping portion of bread pudding and sauce for a treat later in the evening!
4	I've been wanting to try this place for awhile so when this last Tuesday rolled around and the kids wanted breakfast for dinner, we jumped in the car and headed to Black Bear. Kids eat free on Tuesday! Hooray!!This place is super cute. On a Tuesday night it was busy but easy to get a table. I'm sure it's packed on weekend morning. They have a little retail area in the front with little stuffed bears, soaps, lotions, and bear claw back scratchers. We were seated right away and our server came right over to take our drink order. The kids each had the mini volcano (two pancakes with an egg on top, sausage link, and bacon). (4.99/ea but both were free) I had the corned beef hash with red potatoes and a biscuit. (9.99, I think). My husband ordered the trout (not something that he would usually order but wanted something different), with mashed potatoes and vegetables. (8.49) They carry about three Bear Republic beers (bombers) so he ordered the black IPA not knowing how much they were going to charge. Get this. Only $5.45!!! Cheap!The girls loved their breakfast dinner. It was a lot of food and they weren't able to finish it but they put a big dent in it. The pancakes? WOW! They were really good. Corned beef hash was really good. Small serving of corned beef, huge serving of potatoes. Biscuit was dry and inedible, probably because it was baked in the morning and I was eating it at 5:30pm. Hubby liked his food too.We will be back, for sure. I'm getting the pancakes next time.
4	Great comfort food!!  The decor is great. So many bears. Really cute. Went on a Tuesday which was free meal for children night. There were 6 adults and 1 child in our party. Arrived after 6 pm. Waited 15 minutes to get a large table. As soon as I saw chicken pot pie on the menu, I knew what I was having. Then again, there was meatloaf and chicken fried steak. So many comfort foods. I would definitely go back.
5	I loved the large protions and great food here. Thanks Black Bear for the delicious food. My favorite is the chicken friend steak and mashed potatoes.
5	I like to think of myself as a connoisseur of pancakes. I've probably tried about every pancake you can think of! And I have to admit, Black Bear's pancakes were pretty freakin' fabulous! Super fluffy with an amazing taste. These are definitely in my top 3. While the place kind of reminds you of an IHOP or Dennys, don't be fooled. Go in and try them!
4	I have been here a number of times and gotten different menu items each time. I think the food is pretty good. The silverware is cheap and light, but that could be fixed by bringing my own. :)
3	Staff seems great, but I've never been impressed with the food. Others swear by their burgers. Ugh. Guess I just need to keep trying new dishes until I find something I like
2	We came tonight at around 5 with a party of 6 (4 adults and 2 kids). There was maybe 5 cars in the parking lot and it was seemingly dead inside. We were told we could be seated immediately at 2 separate booths or could wait 20-30 minutes for a table or booth that could seat us all. Apparently someone had reserved a large table, there was already a large party, they refused to open up a "meeting" room, and they had seated others at every other table to they couldn't push any together. This is totally unbelievable to me....the place was practically dead. We had a hungry 2 year old with us and my grandma in her 70s that recently had spinal surgery. Needless to say, we couldn't wait in hopes someone else left soon. The worst part? The rude, uncaring, and unapologetic hostess. The waitress was not particularly nice, nor was she particularly rude. We were there for 1 hour and 45 minutes total, all due to slow service. We were ready every time for drinks and food orders, so it wasn't due to us. The food was good, but it definitely didn't make up for the rest. Trying to juggle the hungry, bored kids between two booths and making sure my grandma was comfortable for nearly two hours did not make for an enjoyable evening. When we paid, the same rude hostess checked us out. I have never felt more unwelcome and uncomfortable in a place like this before. Apathetic doesn't begin to describe this girl.This place has potential to be warm and welcoming with a country, all American atmosphere (which is obviously what they are going for) but they fall short with the crappy service. I'm definitely not coming back.
2	Have dined many times at this restaurant and been very satisfied.  However I ate a bowl of chili that made me very sick.  I called the diner to talk to the manager and told him about the chili.  He did not even apologize and rudely said "I will look into it" and hung up.  Not good customer service.
2	Came in tonight around 7:30 with three kids and two adults and we were promptly seated. The waitress was initially prompt and took our order. The ordering process went smoothly with one exception in which the waitress stopped mid-order to verify the price on a side order of biscuits. It seemed strange but she recovered quickly. The first salad came out very quickly and I thought "Wow - great decision for a Hungry group with kids."  The food came out shortly thereafter and I was very satisfied with the fish fry. Normally I would rate the food a solid 3 stars and perhaps bump up the rating to 4 stars with great service, but unfortunately after our food came out, our waitress literally disappeared. We had to practically beg to get our drinks refilled and we went for long periods of time before she checked on us. The restaurant was not overly busy. I requested that the waitress bring a box out for the food which is normally a sign of "hey - we are ready to leave" but it was at least 15 minutes before we saw her again to request the check after bringing us the box. It was really frustrating and because of the experience, I'm not sure I want to go back. The food is good overall, but I can get equally good food and much better service somewhere else.
4	Visited Black Bear Diner on 1-7-14.  It was kid's eat free night so it was very busy.  8 of us so we sat in two booths back to back. That worked well.  Good food - Lots of it - Priced reasonably - Good Service except for the refilled drink that didn't come back for quite some time.  Yes I'd go againYes I recommend it to others.It is a favorite of my nephews who live in the area... glad they picked the place for our meal!
1	9 months ago:Very clean.  Great food. Best pancakes ever!  Fast and friendly service!  Awesome!6 weeks ago:  Still clean. Portions shrunk. Moderately friendly. A little slow. 3 days ago:Restrooms dirty. Sat at the diner bar and had at least 11 employees walk past on 10 minutes. I was the only one at the bar. Left after 10 minutes with no acknowledgment of my presence. Was there a change in management or does there need to be a change in management?
4	Big portions full of flavor. Peach cobbler was not as impressive. Would go again for sure.
4	What a great find.  Had lunch with a customer of mine today and he suggested this diner up the road that his wife tried. So - the four of us head over to the Black Bear Diner in Gilbert, AZ.  We walk in and the first comment made was that this joint looked like a Denny's with bears.  Hey - it is cutesy with baby bears painted on the walls, bear menu holders and bear paraphernalia all over.Let's get off the bear subject and focus on why I liked this place.  The food.  I love a really good taco salad.  95% of the ones I get while eating out are lousy. The one at this diner had a fresh warm crisp yet flakey shell.  And it was not greasy.  It was filled with rice, refried beans, perfect avocado, sour cream, tomatoes and jalapenos.  It was perfection.  Even the crust stayed crisp without getting grossly soggy.  The taco beef on top was wonderful with the grated cheddar.My business associates each enjoyed their food.  The waitress was super nice and this joint was very well priced.I will definitely be coming back.  Soon I hope!
5	My husband and I have been eating at this location for over a year. Every time we come in, we get great service. They have WONDERFUL oatmeal, but they don't serve it later than like 2pm I think or when it's gone it's gone for the day. So if they have it, give it a try. The chicken fried steak is also DELICIOUS. They have great steaks and I really love their chorizo scrambler.To be honest, I have never been disappointed with anything we've ever ordered from Black Bear. They have good portion sizes, but watch out for their sundaes: they are HUGE and AMAZING {so save room if you are planning to have a sweet finish to your meal}.I highly recommend Black Bear to anyone who loves some good 'ol comfort food.
4	Consistently great for breakfast!  Be prepared to wait on weekend mornings, especially for Mothers & Fathers day.
5	The ambiance says it. A cabin country feeling that is both clean and welcoming. Servers are always very friendly on Saturday mornings (when I visit the diner). The food portions our outrageous in size, especially the homemade biscuits.  The kids will love this place and couples will feel like they took a mini-trip.Can accommodate low carbHad small portion optionsHas vegetarian optionsNot sure about gluten free options
4	My husband and I have been eating here for about 3 years, their amount of food is huge! But very good, I've never had bad service whatsoever at this location. Their syrup is amazing! It's right up there with Cracker Barrel's syrup. The manager is really sweet and helpful when it comes to making sure you're happy with your meals and service. Try them out, I promise you'll have some tasty leftovers! I also want to mention if you go for breakfast, ask for Jonathan. He is an awesome server!
4	This place reminds me of a truck stop on a road trip up North. Friendly service, ginormous portions.  Probably the biggest biscuit I've ever seen in my life.  I had the chicken sausage scramble which was good and filling..since I chose something on the "light" menu I wish they hadn't buttered my toast in advance. I had a taste of the chicken fried steak and it was good but there is no way on God's green earth that I'd ever be able to finish that meal.
5	We love this place.   The breakfast portions are ridiculous.  We split it.  The sweet cream pancakes are sooo good.  Def our favorite breakfast spot
4	Black Bear rarely disappoints!  I've been to several in California, and now the Phoenix/Mesa, AZ location. On this occasion I had the Eggs Benedict - California Style with reg. bacon and avocado. Asked for 1 pancake vice potatoes.  It came out in less than 10 minutes, hot, tasty and properly cooked! (eggs were properly poached, hollandaise was spot on - for american cuisine) Looking forward to the next visit!
5	This is my favorite "go to" place for breakfast. The pancakes rock and the coffee is frag and hot. Love the atmosphere. Come so often, they know or name, especially Bob.  LOL
5	SALAD ..... had a GREAT salad with AMAZING gluten free honey Dijon dressing and it was wonderful!!! Others at our table got pancakes that looked so good, I about had a coronary.  And great coffee and LOVE LOVE LOVE the coffee mugs!!!!! NICE NICE staff too! "My new favorite place!"
5	My family loves this place and we always eat here when they are in town. Portions and plates are big! You will need a to-go box. The service is great and friendly! I have never had a bad experience. Since moving to Tempe from Mesa, I haven't been visiting this location lately but I have done so about a month ago. The breakfast is my favorite and is served all day. I have gone out at 7 pm in the evening to have breakfast with my mom here. The bear claws that they sell in their pastry shelves are delicious. Be sure to share with someone as they are pretty big. I believe they also sell pies to-go. I would recommend this spot for breakfast, lunch or dinner if you're in the area.
3	Excellent service and decent breakfast on a Friday morning at 0630 . . . PROS: breakfast fare was good. I liked the hash browns, and the link sausages were very tasty and not too fatty. They offer egg beaters, which I prefer.  Food came to our table w/in 5 mins of placing our order. Our server, Janna/Jenna (?) was super friendly, efficient, and made sure we were taken care of from entry-to-exit. CONS: I must confess, I found the decor to be . . . a tad too . . . outdoorsy???I'm not a huge fan of chain restaurants, but we came here because they are one of the few places in the area open before 0700. Chow was okay, service was excellent.Cheers! RS
5	I have to admit I have only been here for breakfast.  The chicken fried steak and pancakes are a win!  The omelets are great.  We have been about 6 times and every time has been great.
2	Food took way too long, everyone around got served before us that came in after us. And when we got our food finally, it was cold. Big portions was a plus.
4	I was pleasantly surprise the first time I went here. I wasn't aware that it was a chain, just thought it was a local thing. The staff is usually friendly and on the ball. Only disliked one waitress, partly because it wasn't busy, her service was not only slow, but she sat me and my elderly mother right next to a party of about 20 who didn't seem to care that their 5 kids were running around, crawling under tables and bothering other diners. There was plenty of room on the other side of the restaurant and a seasoned waitress would have sat us away from this nightmare. The country fried steak is amazing. I am a creature of habit and once I find something I like, I stick with it. My only complaint and it sounds silly, but the portions are too big. With the steak they offer a half portion and that is so huge I can't imagine how big the full portion is. I suggested it and they said that there was a light menu, but that is basically diet food. I like the steak, just not one the size of my arm. They wonder why America has a weight issue, it's because people seem to want loads of food for cheap. I'd rather pay a fair price for an amazing normal portion of food.
2	I have been to Black Bear Dinner in Medford Oregon when I went there for business and I liked it very much. Today my husband and I went for dinner at the Gilbert location and the food was good but the service was horrible. I was very disappointed.  The hostess sat us in a booth pretty quickly and was very polite.  She told us that our waiter was Jimmy and that he would be there to help us in the next few minutes.  Twenty minutes rolled by and the hostess came by to find out if Jimmy had gotten our drink order.  I had seen 2 other waiters in the area where we were since we sat down but no Jimmy. The hostess got us our drinks or I should say mine since my husband ordered a beer and she told us she was underage and couldn't serve. Jimmy finally showed up about 10 minutes later and we told him my husband ordered a beer.  He took our dinner order and brought my salad out but no beer for my husband. We reminded him and he left again and we didn't see him for about 10 more minutes and finally brought my husband his beer.  I asked that on my ribs to have the barbecue sauce on the side and not to put any more sauce on the ribs, I don't always like some types of barbecue sauce and my ribs came with the sauce on the side, but also all over the ribs.  My baked potato came in tin foil and that is okay, but there was so much foil from cutting it in my potato that I had scooped half of my potato out.  Did you ever bite down on tin foil? Not fun!!  We only saw Jimmy two other times.   Once he did refill my drink without me asking for more But we had to ask other wait staff to help us with things that Jimmy didn't get for us.  So here is the kicker when we finally got our bill the second beer that my husband asked for 20 minutes before we got our bill never came and the beer was on the bill.  My husband mentioned that he never got his beer and Jimmy stated " I'm so confused tonight"  Would we go back? Maybe as long as we don't get Jimmy!!!!!!!
4	What's not 2 like about a home~cooked meal in nice cabin~style atmosphere? Upon entering this establishment a 1derful combin8ion of smells welcomes ur senses w/ warm inviting outdoorsy earthy tones that makes u wanna get comfortable & stay awhile.   We were promptly greeted then seated by the pleasant hostess @ a nice cushy booth where we acticip8ed viewing all the options 2 select from. I've been here a couple of Xs once 4 breakfast & another 4 lunch. Our friendly w8tress who greeted us took our drink orders filling us in on the specials, leaving us more time 2 decipher what we wanted 2 go w/.   I finally decided 2 start w/ a breakfast pastry called a cherry bear~claw which certainly didn't disappoint, then a vegetarian omelette w/ sliced avocado on top ~ fresh quality & complimentary ingredients that made my taste~buds sing.    I've also had the oh~so~YUMMY California Benedict (minus the bacon) which is an English Muffin w/ spinach, grilled tomato, avocado, 2 poached eggs smothered in hollandaise sauce, fluffy biscuits & flavorful gravy, cinnamon roll french toast, sweet cream waffle/pancakes ~ all which were golden Perfection & sweetness (of course u can always go overboard w/ the syrup if u choose, but it's the Good stuff ~ no artificial fake nasty after~taste sweeteners here)...   My personal Fave is the Harvest Tossed Salad which has dried cranberry, cherry, blueberry, golden raisin, mushroom, bell pepper, onion, almond, walnut & pecan in a lite honey Dijon dressing topped w/ fresh strawberries/toasted coconut & will always make room 4 their delectable signature secret recipe home~made bread pudding w/ pecan praline sauce!!  Sorry if this makes u saliv8 but this is my sampling of an Amazing place w/ Awesome food complete w/ Gr8 service/atmosphere @ a very reasonable cost 2 boot & find myself thinking often of going back more than I get 2...
4	Since I'm not a big fan of pancakes I have to tell you this place makes some marvelous pancakes.  Made with real cream -you can taste the difference.  Deliciousness.And they're big too.This is a darn good breakfast place so if you come during regular breakfast hours on the weekend I'm pretty sure you're going to encounter a crowd as well as a wait.Servers are usually pleasant, skilled, and efficient.  Food coming out of kitchen seems to be consistent.Parking lot is iffy, but c'mon,  that seems to be the only bad.You want some tasty, comfort food?  Give this place a try.
5	Great experience all around. Tons of good food for little money, great service, comfortable atmosphere. I will be going back!
4	Great place, we love coming here for breakfast. Kids friendly menu and bear environment makes it feel like a quick out of town experience.
5	Very good food in big portions.  The hash browns are awesome.  We always pick the same waitress & get great service.
3	Why can't you get crisp bacon when you ask for it?  Four limp slices.  Toast was warm buttered bread.  Potatoes were good.
4	I really liked my breakfast. The bacon, delicious! Pancakes, awesome. The place has a nice homey feel to it. The menus are like little newspapers, very cute. My waitress was nice. The coffee, good. Music not too loud in the background. The place was busy, but I didn't have to wait for a table. I highly recommend the restaurant.
4	good stuff!!!place was packed and the service was very good!really good pancackes!
5	The food here is very very good. They have huge portions for every item on the menu and they have breakfast all day which is what I get. This place is a way better value then some of the big chain breakfast places ( you know which ones I'm talking about)The servers are usually older and more mature/experienced with serving. Great service. I love this place. Go here!
4	I actually give this place 1/2. The complaints I have are minor and this is only our first visit. We will definitely be back! The pancakes are incredible!! I loved the ham steak as well it was not too salty! The biscuits and gravy are good and so are the hashbrowns. The bacon was pretty salty and the eggs were eggs. There are a few things on the menu that I can't wait to try but for today we split the Grizzle and a side of B & G and we are absolutely stuffed! It's a great place to eat, the staff is friendly  , and the food is pretty delicious!!
1	The food and service was great. I give it one star because the carpet is TOTALLY DISGUSTING!! You will be shocked at how filthy it is. Im single and eat out about 325 days a year. In over twenty years I have NEVER seen carpeting SO nasty. If I was a health inspector, I would condemn the place just based on the carpet. I mean EVERY square inch has spills and stains. The owners should be ASHAMED! I would be embarrassed to work there! Just makes you wonder. If they have no problem with the carpet being THAT NASTY, how clean is the kitchen???
4	Went at about lunchtime on a Sunday, and there was only about a five minute wait. This is a busy little place, but seems worth the wait. The biscuits and gravy were very good, and the portions large. They have a nice selection of mini pies and the entire menu is available all day long. The waitress was very attentive and efficient, and the food was delish. I'll be back!
4	The portions are huge! But the food is pretty good, just like any ol'diner. I gotta say that I'm most impressed by the customer service. They are really nice and attentive. I saw a group of old people stop and ask the busser for their drinks. His name was Sameer (Samir?) either way, he was seemed super nice and someone that actually cares about his job! For that I like this place more! I hope Sameer wins the lottery
5	I am always happy with the food here, both quality and portion size. The wait staff is accommodating and friendly. My girlfriend and I even order meals for pickup when we don't feel like going out in public.. Lol! Although we usually order breakfast (no matter the tone of day), their dinners are delicious too. I created a Yelp account may to review Black Bear Diner. Keep it up guys!
4	Have eaten at these restaurants at numerous locations. Great home cooked meals attentive and friendly wait staff. Good portions of food. Pies are the best part of the meal. All are made on site. You can eat Breakfast, lunch and dinner any time of day.  Entrees include pot roast, meatloaf, fish and spaghetti.
5	Great breakfast food and the service is great as well. Great down home restaurant. I would renamed it. Would go back to try lunch or dinner.
3	Went to Black Bear Diner for breakfast.  I had a Fiesta Scramble.  It was average.  Nothing unique here.
1	I walked out (12-30-14, 2:30 PM) in disgust after female server tried to seat me in a tiny booth even though there were many bigger booths and tables available. Asked to talk to manager but told he wasn't available.
1	I'm not sure what the hype is about this place. I was so excited to try it but everything from the waiter to the food was awful. Waited over 40 minutes for our food and our food was so cold :( not coming back here. I would give zero stars if I could ! What a waste of $40.
2	Ordered take out for this place for the first time just to try their food and the food was meh.We ordered: chicken tortilla soup, pot roast with fries, chicken pot pie (came with salad with ranch dressing, and peach cobbler. When I went inside to go pick up the food my first impression was like whoa...it's so country in here..Decor is kind tacky. They have displays of their pies at the front and it looked like it's been sitting in there for days. I kinda almost wanted to tell  someone there to take our peach cobbler order out but by that time one of the servers came out with our food.Chicken pot pie was OK but nothing amazing. It's kinda like the ones you could get from the frozen section at Target or something. Pot roast was my least favorite...it had a weird flavor and taste to it and the veggies were hard! Also, the fries were really soggy. Salad was just salad, it was just chopped up lettuce, cucumbers and carrots....with ranch dressing...WHOO~! The peach cobbler was definitely a couple days old and not fresh. You can tell by just looking at it. Overall, the best thing I would say was the chicken tortilla soup but they forgot to give me tortilla chips ugh! I dunno about breakfast but dinner here is definetly not somewhere I would wanna go.
