5	Great place.  My buddy Nigel owns a few of these in Redding, Ca .   So he made me come with him to check out the place and it was great.Food was tasty and the place was clean. Bernice was very nice.
4	Who doesn't like arbys? It was a childhood staple, as the only fast food options in the area were: McD's, Taco Bell, Wienerschnitzel, and Arbys! The first to go was Arbys, so I missed it more! I used to love the fact that I could order a sandwich with just meat, cheese, and carbs... now there's lettuce and tomato and onions and bacon options!.. Silly health movement. I want meat, cheese, mystery sauce, and carbs. None of that healthy vegetables! But I chose it... Service at this location was friendly, and it was kept immaculately clean! Great quick snack before grocery shopping so I don't over purchase!
3	As fast food goes this is a pretty good option. Love the original roast beef sandwich with Arby's sauce!!!
4	overall a good location and price.
4	After months of commercials about that brisket swimming in my head, it was time to venture into an Arby's for the first time in decades. Hey, they smoke the meat  for 13 hours, so it had a good chance to taste good, if that was correct. The three Zipparita's I had right before entering might have earned the sandwich a fourth star, but I really investigated this sandwich. I opened it up, picked some brisket off, looked for fat, but did not find anything out of the ordinary and I'm a damn picky brisket dude. Of course, this won't ever rise to the level of a real smoke the brisket in-house place, but it was lean, had good flavor and the sandwich was well executed with a good amount of product. The smoked gouda was a great touch and the mayo/bbq sauce combo worked well. Onion straws on the sandwich also was a surprising touch. If you need a quick fix for Brisket, it is worth a try while supplies last.
3	Well this location is CLOSED. Guess it could not survive in a ritzy area. Too bad, we will probably get a giant frozen yogurt stand now or a Culver's or In and Out would be nice actually. Stay tuned
