5	I've been going to Fantastic Sams for 5 years now--every 4-6 weeks so that's a LOT of hair cuts. In all those years I've only had 2 bad haircuts.I've had most of the stylists there, but my favorite may be Kinsey. She is one of the managers and very meticulous!I speak for a living so a great haircut (at a fair price) is very important to me. I highly recommend Fantastic Sams. Just be sure you get someone experienced like Kinsey or Shea (the other reviewer recommended her as well. I've had Shea cut my hair and she did a great job).
4	Here's something weird if you want to stick to a suburban mom living in Gilbert stereotype- I can't justify spending more than $15 on a haircut. I've certainly gone that route, and you know what? $40 or $15, there is NO difference at all! To be fair, I do one cut, and then grow my hair out to donate to Locks Of Love, so I don't have a lot of upkeep on my 'do. Regardless, I still can't do it. I know a lot of people are weird about who touches their hair. They have a relationship with their stylist or whatever. Well, you can build a relationship and spend less here too. The whole family has been coming to this location for years, and the staff is always friendly, and they've always understood exactly what my children have wanted done with their hair. None of us have ever complained, and they take competitors coupons. Weekends tend to be busier, but if that's the case then you can become the stereotype and get yourself a Starbucks while you're waiting. ;-)
2	Not a huge fan of this place, although the barber did give me a proper fade. I would have to say its over priced for mens cuts and way to long of a wait.... its not a super cuts and its not a high class salon either so in my eyes it is very useless
5	I would recommend Fantastic Sam's for anyone. Everyone there is super friendly, and they give FANTASTIC haircuts!! It's clean, affordable, fantastic, and friendly!
5	I went in on a Thursday at about 2pm and it was busier than I thought it would be. I waited for about 5 minutes and was taken in to the chair. The stylist asked what I wanted, eyeballed my hair, and gave me a wash and condition. She took all of about 8 minutes to cut my hair perfectly and exactly how I wanted it. Quick, easy, and inexpensive. What more could you ask for?If you want something simple and quick, this is definitely the place to go to.
5	Fourth trip here.  VERY impressed w/their knowledge.   They have been fixing my daughter attempt to home bleach her dark brown hair to platinum blonde.   I was so impressed w/how they handled that situation,  I got my hair done here, my boyfriend got his hair cut here, and now my daughter's hair is finally ready to be set back to brown.  While here, I watched them fix other hair color boo-boo's from other salons.  They know what they are doing and aren't looking to do something to damage your hair just to make the rent.....that means a lot to me.  The do keep the place on the cold side, so dress accordingly.  ;)  Prices are reasonable.     Adult cut $15, Cut/style $25, kids cut$10, Color $40& up, perms $40 and up and they do waxing.
5	We come here often.  Today they said it would be a 10 minute wait and it was actually like 3.  I won't go anywhere else.  They have always made every visit impressive.   Another great haircut experience.
5	I am in love......like seriously in love with my hair stylist. I hope I spell her name right, but Adrianna will make sure that you have the best hair cut possible. There are no short cuts and she will go above and beyond when making sure your hair is perfect. Beautiful, smart, funny, perfect haircut. It was almost like the perfect date. I can't wait to go back!!
5	We have been getting our hair cut here for over 9 years now.  They are Fantastic! Especially Sarah & Christy too.  Love you girls.
5	I was very apprehensive about a new salon since I have had the same stylist for the last nine years.  Tara greeted me warmly and listened as I explained this to her.  She understood what I was feeling and proceeded to give me just the cut I wanted and like.  I will patronize Tara for certain.  Excellent service and reasonable prices. Tara is my stylist for as long as she'll have me!
3	Got my hair cut,  styled &  colored.  Was ok but wasn't wowed or anything.  Stylist didn't seem like she wanted to color my hair how I wanted it so had to do it something else.  Came out ok but not totally I  love with it..... Then she had to dye my hair twice because first time it didn't come out right.  Service is great just didn't love my hair how it came out &  definitely over priced.
1	I was a regular customer at this location, I had always had the best experience with every hair stylist and just fell in love with it! However, since they began hiring newer hairstylists, I began to experience unpleasant visits. My most recent one being the worst. I came in to get all the red coloring out of my hair so that I would be able to do service hours. My hair stylist told me it would be hard to get all the red out and showed me a color that looked pretty natural, informing me that it would be about $150 but assured me a more natural color would come out. As she bleached my hair to break down the color I told her the color I put in it. By the end, my hair was still the same exact color, only slightly darker & I ended up paying $125. I complained & the manager,Jesse, and hairstylist ganged up on me & told me that everything that had happened was my fault & they would do nothing for me. Very very very poor customer service by Jesse.
5	Again I say this is the place if you want an affordable hairstyle that is quick and easy.  I can't say enough good things about Tara.. what a doll she is and how she listens to you! This was my third visit and I will not be going elsewhere.
