4	Food was very good.  Clam Chowder was great as was the burger!  Wife didn't have much to choose from however.  They need to come up with a couple more veggie dishes.
5	Still the best burgers in the free world! This place is as good as their previous two, in DC and Fairfax--better cuz it's here. Ambiance is good, a non-smoking and a and a smoking patio away from each other.Great hamburgers come to Phoenix!
5	I love the TV shows that show a group of friends, and "their" bar.  Since moving to Tempe, I haven't found that bar....that is, until now.  I LOVE  this place!  I work nearby, so I stopped by after work for a drink one night.  What I got was a whole lotta fun, delish Coronas, and sliders to kill for! Then things got even better...they invented ladies night!  I can meet my girls for happy hour every Wednesday and expect to pay less that $10 for food and drinks....tell me somewhere else you can find a deal like this!  I've taken family members here for lunch, and they all found the food delish.  All around a great place for lunch and/or HH/dinner.The environment is fun, and I felt comfortable hanging out at the bar alone waiting for my friends to show up.  The bar staff is very friendly and keep me entertained!  Two thumbs up...keep it up guys!
4	Great happy hours and daily specials, good beer selection, cool staff people (thanks, Dave!), decent food. We'll be going back!
4	Great place for just hanging out with friends over a drink and grabbing a burger!  Sunday/Tuesday night burger night is the best!
4	Great location, easy to find, parking is a bit lacking - but what you'll find inside this restaurant is worth it.   Attended a networking event at Sign of the Whale and found the staff to be professional, prices affordable and just a really nice atmosphere.  They serve seafood and great drinks.  Our bartender, Steve (?), did a fabulous job - which was no small feat considering I don't think the restaurant was actually expecting dozens of people to descend upon them.Bruce, the owner, is very nice and LOVES his restaurant.  It's always nice to meet people who are passionate about what they do.This is a nice, home town restaurant.
4	This was a stop on the East Valley Friday Nights tour (#evfn).Have to say, the seafood chowder was spectacular. A cup of spicy goodness second to none. I also indulged in the fried clam platter, that included french fries and a delightful vinegary (not mayo-ey) cole slaw.Service was *very* good, especially considering we were a relatively large group asking for the dreaded separate checks that so many establishments seem to forbid. Not so at the Sign of the Whale.Owner Bruce was there, and told us the meaning of the name. A very nice guy that obviously takes his restaurant business seriously.Nice atmosphere, great food, decent beer selection. The only thing keeping this place form getting a coveted fifth star is it was uncomfortably warm. In defense of the establishment, this was the early evening in Phoenix in July and is was like 187 degrees outside. They cranked the AC down, but it couldn't keep up.Need to take a trip back for the burgers. They looked and smelled fantastic. Burgers and chowder?  Yup.
4	Getting my car fixed in this part of town and oh gosh it's going to be a few more HOURS, so I jumped on Yelp to find some place to hang out and have lunch while the car got fixed.   I never dine at chains and this part of town is chock-full-o-chains so it was tough finding something locally owned and unique... but I found it!The service here was super friendly, nice, and helpful.  I simply had to try the NE Clam Chowder because they said it was home made and the best thing on their menu - YUM, it met expectations.  Lots of seafood in this version, very tasty.   I generally get a salad at lunchtime but I really prefer a mixed greens salad, and that wasn't an option.  So, I went for the fish and chips.  They were very good - fries were great.   Cole slaw is different, vinegary - nice.   Good iced tea.   Overall it was great.If I lived in this neighborhood, I would probably become a regular.  They have some different special going on every day, it seems!  Kids eat for a buck on Mondays, Ladies night on Wednesdays, on and on.  It's a fun place.  The story I got was that the owner started one of these Whale places back east, then moved here and repeated the success.   (I don't call that a chain.)    It definitely retains that east coast style.  If you are an east-coast transplant like me, you'll love it.The only disconcerting feature was one of those "grab machine crane" games converted to a live lobster tank near the door.  I have a hard time thinking about the little live critters that become my food, and to turn it into a sport like that... I just envisioned the poor lobster suffering, hanging from the crane while some macho guy kept trying to grab one and drop him down the slot for a prize.   Yikes!   But I don't know if the machine really is used in that way.  Hope not!
2	I offer up this haiku review...Drinks on Friday NightOnly non-employee thereTwo Ales and I left. Let me 'splain...most places have happy hour and there is a crowd. I have been to others and it begins filling up at 4pm. The sign on the door said Arizona's longest happy hour - beginning at 2pm. That's nice, but apparently if you build it, they won't come. Friday night and I was there at 4. Everyone else there was an employee. Really? How can you get happy with yourself? Another guy came in, but he was evening help. Mike, who was very personable told the guy it has been a good day. The other guy said really? How so? He said he had a good lunch, a nice pop...and Mark came in...normally I do draw a crowd, but I must have been off tonight. I went with the recommended Whale Ale. The glass was big and heavy. Mike explained that all of the beers are served cold and the extra thick glass ensures they stay that way. Get there at 11 AM, he said, and it is excellent. The menu looked good-  Mike recommended the fish & chips, which are a favorite of mine, but I was leaning toward the crab reuben. Just sounded different - crab salad, ham and swiss - interesting. I had a second Wale Ale while thinking it over. Instead, nearing 5 pm, the place was still just me - so I requested the check and left. They have events such as the Saturday night disco night and the Wednesday happy hour. Maybe one of those nights would be nice. The place was cool and the beer was good. I would like to try the food, but I don't want to go it alone. Anyone want to tag along?
4	This review is long overdue, but I have found it hard to write the review while enjoying the great service and frosty cold beverages served by the Whale.  Bruce, the owner is always making the rounds to introduce himself (which I believe is 'old school' ownership at its best), Mike and Andy behind the bar are great and the chef puts out some great food.... and I haven't even been to burger night yet, which seems to be all the rage.  Burger night is Sunday and Tuesday, so perhaps I'll be there this week.  Anyway, a great place with great staff and service and my favorite neighborhood bar for a beer at the end of the day.   If you live in the area and haven't been, I don't think you'll be disappointed.
4	I'm from the Northwest and have always loved clam chowder and really anything seafood. Whale's seafood chowder is excellent, very  tasty and thick... not like some that are watered... uh, MILKED down.We also ordered the special of the day, a grilled veggie sandwich. Really good. And the BBQ bacon wrapped shrimp were to die for. We were also impressed by the friendliness of the staff. Bruce, the owner, talked to us for a while and the bar manager (I think), Mike, was a cool guy who obviously knows his way around a restaurant and came over to chat a few times. I was impressed by the food, the service and the staff. That's quite enough to bring me back very soon!
1	I don't understand why people write amazing reviews on places that are really mediocre.  I went here Sunday because I was craving a bloody mary and they have a "Build your Own."  Well, I was not impressed.  All they had for the selection was about 6 different olives in a jar.... I had to ask for celery and a pickle.... that's just me though... and then I was hungry but nothing really looked appetizing, but they did claim to have the BEST SLIDERS IN TOWN.... so, I got them and was unimpressed!!!  The meat was burnt and didn't even taste good, plus they came plain... nothin even on them!!! I was like, "Can I have at least some ketchup or mustard, or pickles..lettuce, tomato, onion?!?! I mean they were gross.  So, this place left a bad taste in my mouth even after all the ketchup.....  I would seriously choose Applebees any day over this place.
4	The staff was great, from the owner Bruce meeting you at the door to the bartender Sharon the friendliness of the staff stuck out. I had the T.T. Burger which had cheddar, sauteed onions and remoulade. The burger was excellent, and the coleslaw was great. I am not a slaw fan, but this slaw with Bruce's mom recipe  that included vinaigrette was wonderful. My only complaint may have been the fries were slightly overcooked for my taste, but I would go there again.
4	The bar and restaurant is a great neighborhood spot for a drink, catch the game, or have a nice casual dinner in the dining area. I first went as part of a wine meet up group. The manager introduced himself to the group, gave us a great wine tasting and exceptional appetizer - baked brie and chutney. The manager was fantastic, his passion for his restaurant, food,service and drinks was palpable. I liked him so much we came back and....hello Happy Hour - 18oz beers for $2.50...Sign of the Whale you had me at cold and tasty but for $2.50..we are together forever! The appetizers of calamari and bbq shrimp were great and the burger was exceptional. I was impressed and will definitely be back.
4	Great atmosphere.  Bruce, the owner is very hands on and makes you feel welcome.  Mike behind the bar reminds you of the TV show Cheers...Where everyone knows your name.  It's a cozy neighborhood place with a sports bar undertheme.  Food is always consistent and hot foods are served hot.  The restaurant is a clean and the bathrooms are too.
3	The place is pretty cool but a little creepy, reminds me of that movie Cabin Boy from 1994 with Chris Elliot, man that was a bad movie. Anyway they serve the beers in stemed goblets and there is a small dance floor. Didnt try the food but it smelled okay.
3	My wife and I visited here last week and found it to be a good low-key restaurant.  Good clam chowder & fish and chips.  I had a whale ale that was swell.  My wife had the Whale Tai and also liked it.  If you're looking for a good restaurant that is a sorta "average guy" kinda place, the Sign of The Whale might be the place for you.
4	Good chowder! We ordered the seafood chowder and shared a fish & chips. The chowder was screaming hot and filled with all kinds of things from the sea. I liked that it was not overly creamy. I would get a bowl instead of a cup next time.The fish and chips were also good. The batter was a little thick, but the fish was perfectly cooked. Their fries are good and crispy. I think they season them with sea salt.It was strange that we were the only people in the whole place from 11:00am -11:40am. I will be back for some of the nightly specials they offer.
4	It takes a lot to impress me.  I hate most everything unless a place is so awesome it blows my friggin' head off.  Sign of the whale accomplished this task.  Allow me to elaborate...The first time I went here, I received awesome service.  Did not have a bad thing to say about the place.  Was waiting for my party to arrive and sat by myself.  The bartender was awesome, started bullshitting with me and making me feel more than welcome.  The owner is always walking around the place, making sure things are cool with ALL of his customers.  Seriously, all of them.  The guy kind of reminded me of Eugene Levy from the original vacation movie.  I almost expected him to try and sell me a Metallic P.  Anyway, the guy was cool as hell.  Making sure everything was good with our food and drinks.Now the drinks... Wow.  They don't cheap out on the pour with these bastards, and they are not overpriced for what you get.  I have no complaints about the strength of these things, and that is always my first test if a bar is worth a shit.  if you own a bar and I have talked shit about the strength of your drinks, I invite you to go to sign of the whale.  I practically challenge you, like we should meet at the flag pole after school challenge you.  Let them show you what having a dick is like and how a drink should poured.    I hooked the bartender up on the tip, he deserved it.  I would go as far to say that I would almost take a bullet for that guy.  If I had a vagina, I would probably offer to father his children.  Well, that isn't true.  If I had a vagina, I would spend all day looking at it in the mirrior, but you understand what I am getting at.  You are as sexy as a Ferrari, good sir.The food...  Damn.  Goddamn.  Who the hell is the cook there, Emeril?Only had appetizers because they were on the cheap but between three of us we had 4 orders of appetizers and left full.  And I am fat.  Not quite Paul Blart Mall cop, but more of a Corey Haim 2007 era. Regardless, want a great place without giving you any shit and keeping you drunk for less, hit this place up.  It is like a high priced hooker for half off, you can't go wrong.  The only gripe I have about this place is they seem to be a Green Bay Fudgepackers bar, but I guess no one is perfect!Hit this bitch up.
