5	I got a great deal on the new Giant Lust Advanced 2.0. women's specific bike. This is the most expensive bike I have ever purchased but the bike is awesome!!. There were fantastic promotional offers on Grand Opening and these exceeded my expectations so I could purchase the bike from discounts to financing.  I love the bike and I get the sense that I will be well taken care of in the future.
5	I would highly recommend this store without a moment's hesitation! I am totally an amateur to cycling but from the moment I walked in with questions and bike issues, the staff was incredibly helpful. They never made me feel bad for not knowing what I was doing. They have been so encouraging and their knowledge of all things bike related has already helped me while I'm out on the road. Plus! They're always cheerful no matter how busy it is, and you better believe they are going to go the extra mile (haha pun intended) to make sure your bike is in tip-top shape. Every time I bring my bike in there for something, they're looking it all over, up and down to check parts of the bike I didn't even know existed. Amateur, remember? My point is I really trust their knowledge, honesty, and commitment to the customer. Case in point: I'm writing this because I was just in there and Cindy spent over 20 minutes helping me get my bike fitted to me and didn't even charge me, so I thought i would give back by leaving a good review. Thanks Giant!
2	I so wanted this to be my go-to bike shop for repairs, but they've let me down repeatedly. The mechanic seems to be very good but the customer service side for repairs is a huge let-down. Here's the dynamic: drop off the bike. Days pass. No word from the bike shop. Eventually I call them to find out what's up. I get everything from "Oh we were just about to call you" (wow what an AMAZING coincidence! Almost too much of one to believe!) to some development that has delayed repair that I should have been informed of by the bike shop within 24 hours or so of their finding it out. Though considering my experiences here, maybe those were just lies too and the mechanic simply hadn't gotten around to doing the repairs. I was also sold a somewhat non-critical part for my bike, it came in and it was clearly not exactly what I ordered or needed, and I was told "well that's what they sent us!" WRONG ANSWER BUCKWHEAT. Sorry kids, I'm going to Dominic's in Tempe even though it's significantly farther from me.
5	These guys know their stuff. Though the bikes are on the expensive side, u get what u pay for. Knowledgable staff and they even helped me find tires for my Peugeot which other local bike shops wouldn't help with.
5	A great shop! New, super nice layout, tons of inventory from entry level and kids bikes to top of the line carbon racey road and mountain bikes. And demo fleet. This is a top notch bike shop, but had a very approachable and friendly sales staff ready to help. Service department was also well laid out and service staff really helpful. Giant really has every discipline and segment dialed from kids to adults, road to mountain, and this has got to be one of the nicest shops I have ever been in.
5	Rick, the owner really goes the extra mile!We are two senior women who wrre wanting to purchase electric bikes after falling in love with them in Europe. Rick has helped us not only research  which bikes are best for us, he  has studied many different carriers, too. Our situation is unique in that  while, we love to ride ebikes , we can't lift them.Now, Rick has even come up with a solution for that!Kuddos to RickJane & Carolyn in tucson, AZ
