4	Welcome to the scene Wasted Grain! Our newest bar/club has easily joined into the nightlife of Old Town with multiple bars inside and outside on the patio, lots of TVs, a large selection of drink and food items and a large dance floor on the second story.  This place is huge with tons of space! The first floor, including the patio, seem to be more of the bar with the second floor being more of the nightlife club spot. Probably one of the largest bars in old town now, close to the size of whiskey row. There's a really great atmosphere and decor throughout and the food looks great! If only they didn't open till 3pm, it would be a good place for lunch too
5	Very cool atmosphere. Lounge seating high top seating, huge patio with full bar, bean bag toss, and darts.  Great place for a quick drink after work, and for the younger generation, late nights tearing it up.
3	The patio area is nice and generally the music is good.  Good atmosphere.  There is no men's room - just a locking unisex bathroom with one stall.  The women's bathroom has plenty of stalls but you can't use them because the place is like an oven and super uncomfortable.  I know this from personal experience  even though I should not be in the women's room.  Anyway, more about the women's bathroom: it's awful.  Truly.  It feels like I'm being baked in an oven but the difference is that I can leave if I want, but not really because you are in there for a reason  (see, auschwitz.  Worse though)
3	This place looks a bit different now..seems like it is more dooshbag friendly now. It has a pretty little bar which they made way too small, pretty little backyard and what looks like could become pretty little VIP areas. Oh Scottsdale, you have lost your wild west touch. Now we have about three bars left that are wild and untamed. This is just another cookie cutter twenty-something hangout now. They were still fixing the upstairs room and have no website up yet either. The patio looks sort of the same, but they cleaned it up and put cornhole there now.     The happy hour is not unique and innovative as they advertise, it is just dumb. They only have four specials, one drink from beer, wine, mixed and that's all. Only one beer on happy Hour price? Not a really bright marketing team, but maybe they are focusing on food, where they have six happy hour specials (although one is same price as normal). I guess time will tell what happens here, but it is 360 degrees different than the ranch and that is not really a good thing if you favor the wild, untamed version of Scottsdale bar life.
4	"Wasted Grain" replaced "Martini Ranch," and I'm sure glad it did!This place is FUN.  We didn't have to wait long to get in, and when we did, they had a band playing that was absolutely amazing.  So much fun.  If you're not into live music, just head upstairs to unwind on their patio, or check out their upstairs inside area to dance in a more traditional DJ setting.The only thing that frustrated me is the 30 minutes it took for the staff to find my credit card at the end of the night.  Besides that, everyone was very nice, and I can't wait to return for more fun live music!
4	Martini Ranch has become Wasted Grain after some remodeling. I came on a Saturday night and the line was not long and ladies got in for free. The front men were nice and friendly. Once in, the 1st level has the stage which housed a bar and live rock band for the night which covered 80's to contemporary rock and pop music. If you continue straight through to the corridor there is a patio which has darts, corn hole, the bathrooms and stairs to the right to get to the 2nd level. Take the stairs up, then walk across the rooftop patio which has some seating and you will finally reach the club. The 2nd level houses a small indoor dance club very similar to Smashboxx. The DJ played a mix of hip hop and EDM and the bar is pretty large so you don't have to fight much to get a hold of a bartender. The VIP booths surround the dance floor and the light effects are mediocre. There's another set of stairs right in front of the dance club so you don't have to go all the way around to the initial ones you took to get there. These lead straight to the bathroom from the 2nd floor down to the 1st. The age group and ethnic mix was extraordinarily diverse. Probably the most mixed group at a bar or club I've ever seen, even more so than Las Vegas. Ages ranged  equally from the 20's to the 60's and a fairly equal number of men and women as well. Overall, the layout is interesting and there's some free seating as well as games to play. Ideally, this isn't where I'd like to spend my Saturday night, I'd rather be at The Mint or INTL. I would take relatives visiting Arizona, or friends that just want to "chill" and not party, here, or even a date - that would be fun. But if I really want to have a good time, I want to hit a proper dance club with my friends. But that's just me. This place isn't for everyone but it does have a lot to offer.
5	The Food was really really good I recommend trying it. Brittany was great waiting on us and she is very out going. I would definitely come back!
4	Finally checked it out this weekend, love the build-out with the exception of the floors, didn't know the particle board look was fashionable right now, or maybe it's temporary?  Anyway, huge improvement from Martini Ranch.Staff wasn't really smiling or making eye contact but were friendly enough.  Southern Comfort promo girls were the friendliest in the whole place.  Had a drink and left but will be back with a bigger group.
3	Decided to finally check out the build-out and I was very surprised at how well I liked everything and how they used up the space much more user friendly than Martini Ranch but one thing I HATED was the floors!!!! They are awful and look unfinished. It's particle board and they are uneven so ladies beware when you are wearing flats/flip flops or heals because I see girls slicing their toes on the floor or tripping wearing heals so be careful! I didn't see one staff member smiling the entire time we were there with the excpetion of the promo girls as they were friendly so that was nice. One thing I also noticed is the staff never made eye contact with us either. You work in a bar in the service industry....make eye contact it goes a long way!!!! As we left no even the door guys said bye and we had to move to get around them (there was no one in line or at the door). Again...a little "good night or thank you for coming" would have been nice. Will probably be back but I know it's not on our radar to go back so soon.
3	Meh. Place is ok, nothing to write home about. Drink prices fluctuate like the stock market which is also Meh. Service was average. Much better than Martini Ranch though.
5	I'm gonna be honest I solely came to this place because of the bacon popcorn. I couldn't help myself I had to try it. Although it's not really set up for dinner per say with the minimal dining areas not intended for groups and the terribly loud mediocre band. But I didn't expect too much. We tried the pigs in a blanket (hard to mess up) but delicious and the poutine fries (delicious but hard to mess up). The flatbread was a different story...pre-packaged frozen pre cooked chicken, gross. The whole thing, stay away. Although it was very slow (about 20-30) people in the whole place including the staff. We were greeted promptly, taken care of well and never ignored perfect steps of service (Thanks Serena you were awesome!) and delicious drinks (I tried the Clyde). Also the popcorn was exactly what I expected bacony, sweet and delicious.
5	Great place. Nice interior and good staff.  The food was pretty good and they have good drinks. Not much more you can ask of a bar.
5	We we're looking for a place to watch the Buckeyes opening game.   Great service,  they waited on its made sure we were happy turned up the sound so we wouldn't miss a play. They have a good menu, I recommend breakfast burrito. The manager Rob was fantastic great waitresses.   I will definitely go back.
4	Cool place good design, great food, and drinks are cheap. Pretty people, prettier staff. No complaints here
2	This place says they have both DirecTV and Cox to draw people in who are interested in watching football games on the Pac-12 network but they're lying because they have to "re-wire" their TVs so you can't watch anything on Cox. It's amateur hour over here.
3	This place is okay. Granted- I only went on a Sunday for a Seahawks game. First of all: we are not the "Seahawkers." That must be a bandwagon term created by a bandwagon club. The food was okay. The service was GREAT. However, I think we'll be sticking to Junkie/Bottled Blonde.
5	Super cool environment, good priced drinks and good food too! Loved that it is a big seahawks bar
2	Place is great for watching football. Outdoor patio is nice with a few drinking games you can play. The food however was pretty bad. We got the humus, deviled eggs and the bacon wrapped prawns. Everything was either not seasoned or over seasoned. Prawns we're chewy and bacon was burnt. Drinks were good, reasonably priced. This place needs to think about getting a new chef though.
4	One of my favorite places to hang out on a Saturday or Sunday night due to bands that play there every weekend. Last Saturday night I reserved two tables there for a friends birthday and Wasted Grain even decorated the tables with balloons, I thought that was awesome. Our server checked in frequently for drinks which is always a plus and the rest of the staff is always courteous and friendly. I would highly recommend this place for a fun night of dancing on a Saturday nights and if you love 80's rock check them out on Sunday nights to see the band Metalhead. People of all ages come here and the dress code can be casual to dressy, depending on how you feel. No cover charge either
5	Wasted Grain is one of my favorite modern bars in Scottsdale. They're happy hours are based on this stock system which I thought was pretty cool. They base the prices of drinks on how many get bought in a certain time period. For example if a lot of people buy blue moons they will increase in price and vice versa. Overall the atmosphere in the bar is great. They have live bands on weeknights and weekdays. On weekends they open upstairs and play more party-type music, while downstairs is more chill and relaxed, so there is a place for everyone in the bar whether you want to just enjoy a drink or "turn-up." Overall the few times I've been there have been really fun and I've meet a bunch of very cool people there. Would recommend 100%!
5	This review is mainly for your fantastic bartender:  Katie.  We attended a party here on Friday evening and she really kept the attention and service at a level few bartenders are capable of achieving.She was fast, engaging and professional.  We will return the next time we are in town.
4	This place is pretty awesome :) I'm from NYC recently moved to the Old Town area in Scottsdale where I opened my own business.  I remember when this was Martini and it was kinda old and done.  The reno is gorgeous something for everyone.  Downstairs is chill, and upstairs is for dancing the night away.  Great vibe any night you go!
2	The only reason I am giving 2 stars is because they have 5 star entertainment there. You get 10% off your tab for checking in on Yelp but they wont give it to you. The staff is rude. I had to convince secruity that I was going to the bar the to close my tab. The DJ came on at 1:20 and they kick everyone out of the bar at 1:30. I closed my tab finally and my discount was declined. I won't be back. I'll go see that band at a different, more customer friendly venue.
4	We just happened to find this place while in downtown Scottsdale Sunday night on foot. So funny because one of the bands we loved were playing that night too. :) One of the local bands we enjoyed too. And no cover! We had caramel bacon popcorn for an after- dinner snack which was addictive-ly amazing!! Only problem was that Metalhead took an hour to change sets, but for a free concert was worth it. Also bartenders not very attentive and changed often, so a lack of communication.But loved the bar too, partially inside and outside which is ideal in AZ in the winter. We will be back and recommend!
3	Two different areas. The back upstairs is the dance area, there are times I liked it others I really wondered what the DJ was doing. He seemed to mix it up when there were people finally dancing. The soda dispenser (yes some us drive) is flat, has been flat for months. Downstairs bartenders seem more friendly, and they are busier. I was there a number of times, once when a band was on. Was fun to be part of crowd. Not sure its made for single single people who show up by themselves. Over all its a club, haven't been to many since my photo days at Revolver (before that) Myst and all those others that have been torn down and rebuilt.
4	From what I remember, I think I had a good time.... its a little blurry.
5	Great atmosphere, live music, delicious food and Jack Daniels. Doesn't get any better!
4	for good time in old town scottsdale!!!!
4	This was either the best or the worst night to throw a birthday party. The bar wasn't anticipating the arrival of 700 Santa Clauses when I booked my reservation. That being said, they were as accommodating as they could be in that situation. Plus, I got to have an epic dance battle with a guy dressed up in pink tights, a sweatband, and a tank top that said "Olivia- Let's get physical".
2	So I rate bars/restaurants/ on a few different things. Obviously, food is a pretty important element of a restaurant. However; the place itself seemed very cool to hang out..if you don't want to eat. :) They have oversized Jenga like you've seen at Dos Gringos, they have corn-hole, lots of seating, lots of TVs and indoor and outdoor areas. The wait staff was somewhat efficient but not friendly. I asked for a water and never got it. (I assume because that was not a paid drink) The guys in the kitchen looked dirty and unkept with long hair all over the place, piercings, and no form of uniform to tell them from the patrons. The women behind the bar were so scantilly clad that I felt more like I was in a gentleman's club than at a restaurant. If I had gone there with my son to eat, we probably would have had to leave because of all the ass cleavage and toe being flaunted. Gross. The food, steak and chicken kabobs, white rice, and mashed potatoes was so bland and void of seasoning if I wasn't starving, I would have left it. The "appetizers" of chips and guac were stale, the pigs in a blanket were a little beneath my expectations and something I think I could have made at home. Oh well, not many places in that area stand the test of time and I predict this one will probably be gone soon too. There was one guy, I think the GM, that was very helpful with the TVs and spent time trying to find the game we wanted to watch. He was awesome. Everyone else kind of seemed like they didn't want to be working.
4	Came here last Saturday with about 10 friends. Place was busy with a mixture of all ages. I think everyone came out to see the Adam Lambert look-a-like band play Maroon 5 and Bon Jovi covers. Despite that we had a blast. The outdoor area is really fun and sits far enough away from the stage to carry on a conversation without yelling while still being able to clearly hear the music. We ventured upstairs to the "clubby" area which turned out to be a Boy Scout convention. Big scary bouncers were really killing the potential for any fun. I must say I wasn't expecting much out of this place before I came in. I'm glad my perception changed. I'll definitely be coming back.
1	I had the worst experience here recently due to the management.Read on to hear why I feel you should not give your business to Wasted Grain.I went here with a couple of my buddies. I ordered a draft beer and proceeded to the outdoor area. As I was heading out there a guy was walking past me quickly and knocked my beer out of my hand and it broke and spilled all over. I helped by picking the glass up and disposing of it. I tried to be polite and apologized to the guy who bumped me even though I believed it was his fault. As I went back to head back to be with my buddies I was about to wish the guy who bumped me a good night when he said with a snarky attitude "watch where you are going next time". I was perturbed by his comment and gave him the bird for a second and started heading back to where my friends were.Here is where things get ridiculous. Apparently the guy who bumped my drink out of my hand unapologetically and was rude to me was a manager at the club. He followed me and summoned some bouncers. He said I needed to leave and the bouncers grabbed me by the arms and started shoving me towards the exit. I shook them off and told them I could leave without any assistance. They threw me on the ground face first and then proceeded to haul me out of the club. This was very embarrassing as it was my first time ever being thrown out of a club. I will not be returning here unless the owners apologize and at least reprimand the manager. This manager obviously was abusing his power and that is not acceptable.
5	Just awesome dancing to live music. Huge bar. Great menu. Lots of choices. Food and beer. Staff was very nice helpfull.
5	just stopped by for a beer, liked the place will return in the future to see a band sometime
5	Loved this place when it was Martini Ranch....in true Scottsdale fashion, she got a facelift!! Main room has cover bands most of the nights....dancing and DJs in the 100 Proof Lounge upstairs. The new vibe is a must see!!
4	Best new place to go in Old Town. Its classy and has the best vibe. Don't waste your time going to Bottled blonde, HIFI, or any of those other overly priced, cant move, or hear anything places. The drink prices are fabulous and the happy hour is the best around. Also they have games to play. The staff is also very nice. Love this place!
4	Great place with live music downstairs and a DJ upstairs.  The patio in between is great for conversation and catching up with friends between sets.  Drinks are good and bar staff is friendly.  The makeover looks great!
