4	I visited this museum in 8/04.  It's small, but very interesting and informative.
5	A small, but excellent, museum, focused on Wisconsin's veterans but also giving an overview of U.S. military history.Very nice exhibits, appropriate artifacts, a few planes and vehicles.  Just a really nice collection over all.Oh, and free.  They appreciate donations, but weren't pushy about it.  That attitude makes me give even more, of course.
4	First off, this is a free museum, so you can't expect the same level of "wow" that you would at a paid museum. That said, their displays are fantastic, enjoyable, and there's a lot of really awesome artifacts. Everything is fairly well explained, and there's just a lot of really interesting stuff.It does get a bit crowded, and sometimes the displays feel almost braggy about Wisconsin's involvement, but overall it's really cool and very educational!
4	Nice museum, you can tell they have put a lot of effort into the detail.  I was here for an evening reception with a group of museum professionals during a conference, so I wasn't able to commit to reading all the information but what I did see was very informative.  Very nice place to stop in and learn about Wisconsin's military contributions.
4	I had about 45 minutes before I had to meet some friends so I decided to venture into this museum and check it out.  It was free and had A/C so those were another two pluses.  The front desk people were really nice and helpful.  Note that if you have bags/a backpack, you have to leave them upfront.  In terms of exhibits, you can learn about Wisconsin soldiers throughout the years:  the Civil War, WW I, WWII, and up to the Persian Gulf War.  I found the Civil War section to be particularly interesting -- I learned more about Wisconsinites' stance towards slavery.  I also enjoyed the media exhibits where you could hear Wisconsin soldiers talk about their experiences -- I think that was in the Vietnam war section.
5	Amazing experience awesome place very detailed and you can tell there has been a lot of work put into it! Right next to the Capitol building! It has a gift shop it is also a free museum if you have backpacks or other items they aren't allowed past the front desk
