5	If you truly appreciate the purity and Zen-line qualities of sushi, then you're in for the best upscale ethnic experience the Valley has to offer.  I'm by no means a foodie or culinary expert.  Take me to a fancy French restaurant and I'm lost.  Bring me to Sea Saw and everything just makes perfect sense.  One gets the impression that painstaking care went into each dish that comes out.  It's hard to take a bite that doesn't leave you pondering the reasoning that went into the ingredients chosen... the multi-layered sensory overload that comes from the layers of taste... the absolute artistic genius that brings the flavor together to create a near Japanese masterpiece.This Old Town space is small so make sure to reserve at least a week or two in advance.  Be prepared to spend some money -- tasting w/ wine is $125 (yet very highly recommended!).  For the past 3 years the tasting has been my birthday dinner.  This year I'm headed to The French Laundry and until then (and maybe after), this restaurant ranks as my world favorite.
3	We enjoyed the tasting menu paired with wine - wow, what a wonderful array of beautifully executed and thought out dishes.  Sat at the counter to enjoy the show too.Looked forward to another visit , but was disappointed.  The chef was entertaining other diners and we were relegated to second class, and the food was not as good.Not looking to another visit.
5	A five star experience all the way. My gf found Sea Saw on Yelp during our annual July 4th trip to Scottsdale, and man do I have to thank her for that. I have to say this was one of the best dining experiences I have had. First thing to note is this is not a sushi bar; it is a Japanese restaurant which serves delicious and precisely prepared avaunt dishes by Nobu the chef.Our host, Arnold met us at the door and seated us at the requested bar area--we like to watch the food prep and we had just walked in--save the tables for the folks with reservations. The menu was neatly divided into cold and hot dishes and it was recommended that we order 4-6 plates as the servings are meant to be eaten family style.Now to the food. We had the Tako and Tomato; two sashimi plate specials--big eye tuna and I cannot remember the name of the white fish--the baked cod, the hamachi and then Nobu turned us onto the White Fish carpaccio and a uni and oyster concoction that was out of this world. All the flavors were fresh, and each dish was superb in taste and presentation. I wanted to cancel our reservations at Elements the next night so we could go back!Wine list--think back to your college binder full of notes from that damn upper division History class--yeah I am not kidding. I read through a bit of it, found it amusing and thorough, then asked for a Sancerre under $100--cut to the chase I always say.The restaurant is small so making reservations or dropping by early is a great idea. Do not miss this place--it is worth every cent.
5	Is it possible to go to the desert and have the best sushi ever? I kept asking myself that same question on Saturday night while I enjoyed every plate of sashimi that was served.  We didn't have resos, so I thought if we showed up early they would seat us.  We were lucky and grabbed 2 seats at the bar, so we could watch the preparation of everything wonderful we were about to experience.Our waiter suggested that we order about 4-6 dishes and we started out with 4 and of course, ordered more later:)  Hamachi with citrus to start was perfect- just enough  grapefruit to perfectly offset the hamachi with avocado and cilantro.Tako and tomato- was such a pleasant surprise!  Who would have thought fresh mozzarella, octopus and an organic tomato would be such a great mix?Big Eye Tuna sashimi- I could have ordered another 5 plates of this!  It was completely delicious and smooth at the same time.  Saikyo Yaki- Miso cooked cod- How can you resist? You can't!The best quality about Sea Saw is fresh wasabi!  I've only seen wasabi made once and that was on Martha Stewart Show.  It's such a treat to have this tiny restaurant take all the extra steps to make your dinner so good and so special.I'll definitely be back. Chef Nobu and his team made such an impression and everything was so wonderful.  Yes, this is the best sushi and yes, I did travel to the desert for it!
5	Okay, I'll start with the most important thing, but you should only take it as a negative comment if you LOVE McDonald's:Don't go on an empty stomach. The portions are very small.Okay, on with how great this place is. The cuisine is almost like an Iron Chef episode, where the secret ingredient is always the same: AWESOME. You are never really positive how the chef works his magic like he does, but it's so efficiently amazing that I have abandoned my love for his art and now admit to loving a CULINARY ROBOT.It's foodie friendly, so do bring gastronomically adventurous dining partners.
5	Sea Saw is the home to my best meal ever.  The combination of Japanese-inspired tapas plus an uber-awesome bottle of sake recommended by Nobu created the best tasting evening I've ever had.My wife and I have eaten at Sea-Saw twice now and we are counting the days until we can come back.  It's absolutely 100% fantastic and a great experience in every way.I think the other reviews pretty much have it nailed so I won't make this one too long.  It's great.  Save your pennies and go have an awesome night out.  Ask Nobu-san to recommend a bottle of sake and take a taxi home!Don't forget to get reservations!  We lucked up on our second visit on a weeknight, but it's such a tiny place that you'll want to call ahead.
5	I really enjoyed Sea Saw.  We were lucky b/c we didn't have dinner reservations but we went there early and they had room for us at the bar (which was even better b/c we could watch the chef's in the kitchen).  If you have the time and the money, I'd recommend just going for the Omakase.  We went with a few a la carte dishes.  We started out w/ the Hamachi which was a beautiful slice of hamachi over a piece of grapefruit and avocado.  Tako and Tomato was next and that might have been my favorite.  They grilled the tako, put it over home-made mozzarella on top of a piece of tomato all topped w/ wasabi oil.  It was so flavorful and had a great consistency.   We then tried the Soft Shell Shrimp Fry which was ok but I didn't think that special.  We then moved on to the White Fish Carpaccio which was thinly sliced fish cooked in garlic oil.  This was very good, very unique, and surprisingly not greasy.  This dish was also served w/ some homemade bread to dip in the oil.  I think I could have kept eating everything on the menu but we moved onto dessert which was a great ending.  I tried the tofu chocolate dessert which was very good and very thick.  I was lucky enough to try the banana dessert as well which, even if you don't like banana desserts... you should try because it was that good.  When you go, don't forget to try the mixed drinks... I'd recommend the sparkling sake one.  If you're in the mood for wine though, they have an amazing wine list.Overall, I thought it was a great experience.
3	Wife and I had the Omikase and wine pairing.  Our bill was a whopping $500.  We sat at the counter and enjoyed our visit with Nobu.  Pros - the food was very good (except for a ho hum dessert which was extra I believe) and presentation was beautiful.  The wine and sake pairing was excellent and very generously poured.Cons -  the portions are small, tiny, minuscule.  Even after three hours of eating, still hungry.  Quality usually trumps quantity but this was ridiculous.  My wife does not like raw fish so she asked for the cooked omikase - this turned out to be just my dishes omitting the raw fish.  She got even less food and ended up being hungry and grumpy.Overall, the place is over hyped.  That's a lot of money to pay to sit at a counter and eat not a lot  (albeit mostly tasty) food.  Definitely a foodie "I must follow the herd" place.
3	The food is very tasty (the tempura squash was exquisite), but it's a little on the expensive side for what you get. Took my dad there for Father's Day, and he and my mom liked it and were full when we left. My wife and I were still hungry, and dropped in on a Burger King near my folks' house to whet our appetite. We didn't get the wine pairings, though my wife and I did get drinks. Over $200 for about 8 courses. They were all very tasty, but small (had to get 2 of the tempura squash plates -- $8/squash is a little ridiculous, and I appreciate fine dining)
5	Omakase MenuHassan - 3 tastes - Kumamoto Oyster wth Uni, Edamame puree with veggie caviar, octopus suction cups with mushrooms and bonitoSashimi Platter - 4 tastes - salmon, hamachi, kampachi, very fresh octopus - all very different and excellent.  Love Kampachi.Softshell Shrimp - 3 crispy shrimp with curried green papay (Awesome flavors on this one)Whitefish Carpacio - covered at the last second with sizzling hot oil, soy sauce, etc.  (we used to do a dish like this where I cooked and this one was the dish I enjoyed the least - but still enjoyed)Tuna TatakiMushrooms - en pappillote - great umamiLamb chops - red pepper sauce and curry - this one rocked as wellFoie Gras - with pearsDessert was extra but comp'd.  Good but I was full.Excellent dining experience.  Choose the Omakase or Seasonal Tasting and you can sit at the counter.  I know that Chef Fukuda has been getting a lot of raves but we had no trouble getting a reservation for Saturday night calling in the same week.The food was excellent and well prepared.  Very thoughtful flavor combinations and good use of non-Japanese elements to tie the flavors together.  Fresh local vegetables and herbs.We started at 6:30 and essentially had Chef Nobu, his sous-chef and two others to ourselves.  We asked a lot of questions and they were all very informative, hospitable and professional.  Things picked up as the night progressed but we felt very welcome and it did not detract from the interactions.Two small groups were having Chef Nobu's seasonal tasting menu which I will try next time.  I'm not sure what it runs from a price perspective but based on the volume and breadth of what he was putting out, I gather it was much, much more than the Omakase.  The Omakase menu was $90 without wine and $125 with win.  We chose the pairing and the wines were well chosen.Cons - several people were turned away as walkins so make that reservation if you want to eat here.  If you are looking for dining on the cheap, this is not the place for you.  If you are looking for large portion sized, nope.Pros - several people were turned away as walkins.  Kept the cooking at an even pace throughout.  Excellent food and ambiance.  Great flavors, execution and pace.  Sitting at the counter and the interactive experience.
5	Nobu's food doesn't challenge you, it thrills you. You already know about the accolades and awards that extend far beyond this valley. So let's get down to the do's and dont's.Do:  - sit at the counter, at least half the time.  - beg for oxtail stew. get on the "oxtail stew call list". if they run out, find and kill an ox. chop off his butt.  - say yes to the little, live, flash-fried river crabs.  - try the omakase menu at least once.  - order a bottle of the Jozen Mizu No Gotoshi sake. it's floral and dry and perfect. (we mow through 2 or 3, but we're drunks)  - order the white fish carpaccio. garlic has waited 1000s of years for this dish to be created.  - be nice to Chantal. she is a cool chick.  - marvel at how skinny Jeff the Chef is.  - work harder to make more money to come back to sea saw.Don't:  - come here for sushi rolls.  - tell your party that it's "right up there with Stingray".  - bring someone who wants sake bombers.  - bring a large group. it's optimized for couples and small groups.  - be allergic to anything, cuz god knows what's in there.  - look at the prices. ever. when the check comes, cover the top with your other hand and just sign. tell chantal to add the tip in.  - be afraid to ask the chefs what they're doing and why. learn.Rarely is innovative food so comforting. We always leave happy and less wealthy. If a place can consistently do that for you and keep you coming back, it's onto something.
5	Seasaw is not for everyone, but I think it's a MUST for foodies. I say that's it not for everyone because of the complexity and oddity of a lot of the food - each bite is flavor bonanza, and often an extremely bizarre combination (raw salmon with almond, pecorino, mint, balsamic etc) but it always seems to work. I didn't love everything, there were some ingredients I just don't like (curry, parsley whatever), but everything is exquisitely conceived, prepared and presented. This is the art of food - no question about it. I highly recommend sitting at the bar - watching the work of these chefs is fine entertainment. The minutia is incredible - literally and figuratively - it must be witnessed up close. And then there is the wine list - OMG. I have never seen anything like it - not anything close, and I've seen more than a few lists/cellars. Hundreds of pages spanning all varietals, regions, makers, and prices (from $22 to $2200). There are thousands of wines offered below $100, and I'm sure hundreds offered above $1000. I will say that the layout of the list is odd and extremely daunting - there seems to be almost no organization - certainly not by grape. In some cases it seems to go by price, but on other pages it is sorted by maker. We had sake because that's what we wanted with our fish - if we had wanted wine, rather than just an incredible read, it might have been a wee bit frustrating since it seemed impossible to know where to look for any given type. But it is an incredible collection - shockingly so - unlike anything I have ever seen. The only negative was one of the servers - she was oddly clueless - everyone else was impeccable, but she didn't really seem to get it (didn't even tell us there was a tasting menu, we had to ask about it, she took silverware and didn't bring any to replace it, got an order wrong, didn't notice empty water glasses etc). But the other folks there were awesome, and there were enough of them that the service didn't suffer much at all. And I wasn't thrilled with the cheap wooden chopsticks - they changed the flavors of the subtle foods a little bit, so I used the silverware - seemed a weird oversight for a restaurant that seems so focused on flavor precision, but no biggie. Sea Saw will be a MUST visit for me every time I'm in the PHX area.
4	Sea Saw is a tease, and I mean that in the most flattering way. Everything we ate was outstanding (extra kudos to the soft shell crab sandwich) but when that miniscule taste of heaven is gone, and the plate whisked away, over and over and over again, you are left feeling hot and bothered and definitely wanting more. This is seriously good food given in *seriously* small doses. When I realized our plates were about to stop coming out, I felt like a junkie trying to figure out where I could score some more cash to keep the whole thing going a little longer.
5	quick update and adding some cam-phone pics, if they turned out in the low light...It has been awhile since I've been blessed with the time or cash to partake of Sea Saw. Wow. Amazing. And they're mixing things up. FOOD-WISE:I like to start with a Sparkling Cosmo (believe it or not, i'm straight), then we nurse liquid heaven: Jouzen Mizu no Gotoshi sake. It's like flower water from heaven, that makes your pants fall off later.New stuff! They started making a fried focaccia bread, similar to the bread that accompanies the White Fish Carpacio, but it's fluffy and golden. This is for making sammiches! And the first sandwich out the door is Softshell Crab. If you're thinking "oh-great-greasy-softshell-crab-roll-at crappy-sushi-joint", STOP right there. It's heaven. Like something you'd get in New Orleans at a 5-star French joint. Light, but crunchy and savory. Not greasy at all. Hints of spicy aioli and mild red onion. Yes, mild red onion.The big eye tuna sashimi always seems better than the last time. And a special hirame sashimi with a citrus zest - chili paste (yuzu kosho) topper was the perfect ender.More sandwiches and a late-night menu are on the way. Part of that late night menu will be steamed buns (think momofuku) stuffed with savories like pork belly and short ribs. OTHER CHANGES:Probably gonna be closed a day or two (sun and/or mon) soon, but adding some late-night offerings as mentioned above.Indefinitely, no move across the street into the weird no man's land along the canal.All this is hearsay at this point, but it sounds promising as it was coming from Jeff and Nobu. We can't wait!
3	Sea Saw, oh how I wanted to love you. I really did. Unfortunately, it was a love not meant to be. I frankly found the restaurant to not live up to expectations, which, given the gourmandic pedigree, were quite high. Our dining companions, Sea Saw regulars, raved about the food. I found a few of the dishes to be a little contrived (it is such a fine line between pushing the envelope and trying too hard), or worse, over cooked in the case of a noodle dish. Some items were downright delightful, including the mushrooms and duck. Complicating matters was a very clueless waitress and convoluted rules that made ordering quite an ordeal. My take away -- don't believe the hype. It is a very good restaurant, doing very interesting things, but, and I loathe to use this dreaded qualifier, by Phoenix standards. I will give Sea Saw a chance to redeem itself in the future, but for the money this foodie has a shortlist and this place ain't on it.
5	You must sit at the dining counter.  Chef Nobu is a master at what he does.  He also has a little bit of a devilish look, which I can appreciate.  Or maybe my top was too low cut...hmmm.The sheer time and care that each dish takes is simply amazing.  Dinner took about 2 hours.  We did the 8 course tasting menu and it was mouthwatering.  Every course built upon another...ending with fois gras.  I'm not a huge fan...but if I liked the texture of chewing on fat, I bet I would have gone bananas for it! :)The wine list is out of control...it is what I refer to as the wine bible...the most prized bible EVER.  We settled with a  beautiful Pinot and it was excellent with all of the courses.  My favorite dish off  the tasting menu was the white fish carpaccio.  Actually the white fish was tied with the oyster with tomato water.  YUMMY!  Oh and the edamame soup with caviar was delish too!I seriously dreamt about this place the night that I ate there.  I need to change my "last meal" because Sea Saw is some of the best food I have ever experienced.
5	Horry crap. Only "con" of the night was the inattentive staff...but after my waiter explained that the head chef had to run out for an emergency that afternoon and also graciously comped my drink, there was literally nothing to complain about.Cozy, charming, and DELICIOUS. You get to watch all your food get made right in front of you, and boy do they deliver. Definitely get the hamachi...grapefruits and yellowtail are two of my most favoritest things in life, and tonight they came to me united on a silver platter (well, white actually). The saikyo yaki (black cod) was melt-in-your-mouth amazing, so you must order this as well.My other plates weren't so amazing...but were still in the realm of yummy. I had the sashimi of the day, which was a Korean hirame (flounder). Can't really blame them much for the shortcomings here, as the fish is just naturally chewy and kinda tough. My dessert was "chocolate tofu" (aka mousse) with green tea and candied blood oranges...not too great of a mixture if you ask me, but I get excited whenever anyone says blood orange, so I couldn't help myself. Anyway. Great food, great staff, great setup. Bravo.
1	I took my wife to Sea Saw for Valentines day.  There is absolutely NO ambiance, the food was mediocre, and the prices was exorbitant.  The service, was, however acceptable.All in all it was a very very disappointing experience.
5	Beautiful presentation, delicately simple flavors, and a superb chef.  We ordered one each of the seasonal omakase (which you have to reserve in advance since the ingredients are hand selected by Chef Nubuo and prepared by him only on the nights he is in house) and the regular omakase with wine pairing.  First of all, I thought I was going to be out by the end of the meal after drinking so much wine and I'm not a huge fan of wine, but the pairings really were spectacular.  There's also a list of a few thousand wines available if you are so daring to read through the whole thing.  I was pleasantly full after the meal which included such dishes as seared octopus over tomato and fresh mozzarella, oyster uni shooter (my personal fav), mushroom melange, lamb chop, etc. etc. etc. Also, the last dish of the regular omakase... the foie gras was so melty, smooth, and rich that I almost cried... I literally had to hold back the tears from pure culinary ecstasy...  The dessert assortment at the end was a nice finish-- banana creme brulee, assortment of ice creams, green tea custard.Chef Nubuo is not only creative, but incredibly kind and attentive to his customers.  Not the typical stuck-up sushi chef....  The hostess was a bit snotty since we were sharing omakase meals, but we ordered a bunch of a la carte items and drinks as well.  The total for four of us still came out to be over $400... so why she was giving us the glare from time to time I have no idea.  If the chef is fine with it, the hostess should care less.  So aside from the annoying hostess, all was well in Sea Saw land.  It was a truly fantastic experience and one I would recommend you to try, but be willing to open your wallet for the pleasure.
5	CLOSING:  Sea Saw is closing with the last service on Sunday, June 7th, 2009.http://blogs.phoenixnewtimes.com/bella/2009/05/its_official_sea_saw_is_closin.phpWe are totally bummed as Sea Saw has been our favorite restaurant in the state. Luckily it looks like Nobuo-san is staying in AZ and opening a new place in Phoenix.
5	After hearing that Sea Saw was closing I was in a panic. Although I have never eaten here and I always was planing on it, I was devastated. So the first thing I had to do was call my buddy Clifford who I know enjoys good food as much as I do to pay our respects. We arrived thinking that it was going to be a mad house of people. Especially with the special price of 35 per person and a banquet style feast. I have to say it was as good and anyone would say it is. Some of the dishes were not as great as I would have assumed but that could just be from my sushi experiences. The dishes made by Nobu were above and beyond expectations. The steamed pork bun is that of something to be found in a upscale place in New York, or the roasted peppers amazing. The flavors are wonderful and the signature dishes like the crab sandwich are unforgettable. I do have to agree that this place is not for everyone. A experience that one has to take in with an open mind and willingness to eat with thier taste buds first and not their opinions or mind. Hopefully Nobu's next restaurant opens very soon as I am already craving the pork buns.
5	Oh no! I just came here to review this restaurant and am so saddened to hear of its closing. Not that I'll be trucking it over to Scottsdale again anytime soon, but I'm glad that I got the chance to enjoy this incredible restaurant before its death.Although I can appreciate fine dining for what it is, I'm more the type of girl who wants delicious comfort food that leaves you stuffed at the end of the night. Certainly a far cry from Sea Saw. But Chef Nobu's handiwork truly was amazing, and despite the tiny, tiny portions, it wasn't one of those places where I thought disappointingly as I left, "I paid that much for THAT?" Sea Saw was worth every penny, even if I had to go satiate my appetite with a second dessert afterward.We decided to order two cold dishes and two hot. Our choices were the hamachi, the tako, the white fish carpaccio, and the sea bass with soba. I thought all of the dishes were rather innovative, especially the tako with tomato and mozzarella, who would have thought? Everything was perfect, my favorite was probably the hamachi. We weren't planning on dessert, but after those four dishes our mouths were watering and we couldn't say no. And okay, I admit our bellies were still growling. Dessert lived up to expectations and perhaps even surpassed them, and I am not a big fan of desserts.Overall, just an amazing meal. I don't know that I'll ever be back in Arizona, but if I was I'd definitely see what Chef Nobu is up to next.
5	This is devastating news!!! Sea Saw was an amazing restaurant. We had the 8 course meal; each course had the perfect wine pairing that hit every taste bud. We watched the chef prepare the meals as he explained the preparation, this was the highlight of the night, one-on-one with your own chef! The ambiance and customer service was exquisite, the waitress spilt a glass of wine on my friends coat but we were in food heaven, by the way they took my friends coat, dry cleaned then delivered to her house. Again, I am devastated! I wanted to take my boyfriend this next time, unfortunately, we'll have to venture to find another "Sea Saw!"
