5	I love Starbucks, and Speedy is the best coffee person ever.  Thanks Starbucks and thanks Speedy!
4	I'm a fan of Starbucks, and this is a pretty good one.  Nice setting in a kind of plaza area with plenty of outdoor seating and outdoor tables.  Beyond that, pretty standard Starbucks but doesn't disappoint.
4	Imagine this: I had just driven 3 days from Minnesota to Arizona.  I knew that my favorite coffee shop in Minnesota, Caribou Coffee, didn't exist in the desert southwest.  Tired, a bit intimidated, and craving coffee, I find my first local Starbucks about 2 miles from where I live.  I park my car and walk up to the store, and from the moment the coffee aroma hit me, I knew I had found a place I could get away, drink great coffee, and relax reading my book, just like I had done back home.  The baristas (at least 2 or 3 of them) are extraordinarily friendly.  I had an extended conversation with one about Near Eastern and Asian culture and languages, which blew my mind. That had never happened to me before, and it brought a profound joy to my heart.  I had spent nearly 30 years in MN and I had never encountered such friendly staff *anywhere*, not even in the coveted "uptown" area of Minneapolis (known for being down to earth, organic, open minded folks).  I felt immediately welcomed in a strange land, one in which I wasn't yet comfortable.  I don't have much money, but this Starbucks gets what little dollars I do have; it gives me an escape, a feeling that I am "home", and that sense of community I so dearly miss.  I've spend many hours in their cushy chairs, either applying for jobs on my laptop, or reading a book out of my favorite series.  I don't know what I would've done if I hadn't found this Starbucks in my first few days in Arizona.  I know, many of you would say, "Gee, Starbucks?  Really?  Couldn't you have found a more local coffee shop?"  No.  I couldn't have.  I'm broke, and I have no internet access where I live.  To stumble upon this shop was awesome; I was never a fan of Starbucks when I lived in MN, but now, I'm a huge fan.  At certain hours of the day, you can't find a place to sit, but that makes it all the more warm and friendly.  People here don't seem to mind if you sit directly next to them when it's busy (Minnesotans apparently really like their personal bubble).  I give it 2 thumbs up, but you'll have to see it for yourself.  I may be merely a lonely traveler looking for something familiar, but I was impressed with the service, the friendly faces, the product and the cleanliness of this coffee shop.
5	Fantastic service, fantastic staff, great location!
1	My sister and I stopped in her after a movie to enjoy some coffee.  I am a frequent flyer of Starbucks and visit them at least 3 times a week.  I had never been to this particular location before and I will NEVER go back!  The barista was so rude, like, unbelievably rude.  And of course she didn't have on a name tag so....She was thin, brunette, mouse-y looking.  I politely asked her for a couple of waters to go along with my order and she ROLLED HER EYES at me and said "Yeah ok".  When I then tried to confirm my order was correct with her, she acted all offended and said "I'm sure it's right ok?" again, with a very rude tone.  I've never been treated this way at a Starbucks.  They should be embarassed.
4	Even though this is a location with no drive thru, it is still faster than the drive thru's at other locations. So I come to this location instead.  The staff is nice and they usually remember my name and my drink which makes a girl patron like me feel special of course.
4	We went in here to kill some time before a movie. The people were nice and helpful. The menu is easy to read and there is a decent amount of seating inside. Our drinks didn't take long to make and were tasty.
5	This place has just been on point with my special drinks and the staff here has been fantastic and friendly.
1	Sad how Starbucks lost its customer service edge that they were known for...  Headline - A Seattle company that lost its Pacific Northwest roots.  My daughter had saved up some coupons for the new Fizzio soda.  She was so excited to have daddy daughter date with our start at Starbucks.  The team member lady was extremely rude and loudly said "we can serve you because these coupons are expired."   I said "serve us???"   "Ok.  We don't need to have a drink here if you can't serve us".  I don't think she meant it they way it came out but her attitude was so bad that we just left.  My daughter was very sad and embarrassed about the explosion from the team member.    The real bummer is they were two days past.  Ha!  The old Starbucks would have said, glad to help you.  Enjoy your drink.  Instead of inferring, your an idiot why don't you just leave.   Hope they take some time a coach that poor young lady before she does this again.
