4	I came in last Wednesday and needed my daughter's script filled quickly. She is severely visually impaired (has CTI-cortical visual impairment) and attends Foundation Blind School in North Phoenix.Nikki the manager (assistant ?) was super helpful and was able to get the order processed and I picked them up in less than a week!My experience was nearly perfect...my only want was that VSP as 'in network' for Nationwide. (Technical issue) But the store, the staff and prices & the selection are excellent. Totally worth the drive!Ask for Alex or Nikki!!
2	Like the optometrist!  When I wanted to use my vision insurance, they printed out a benefit statement (when I asked).  It appeared to be legit as it had my plan name on it, but the benefit amounts seemed too low and they informed me that was my plan's benefit.  I went home and checked at my benefit was SIGNIFICANTLY higher!  I then went back ane explained that they has miscalculated my benefit and that's when they admitted that they are actually out-of-network for insurance plans, "but it all equals out because we charge lower prices."  Hmmmm....so I then go to west valley vision which was less for contact lens and they game me my full benefit (wv vision did seemed higher for frames, though). I don't appreciate being lied to!
4	My insurance changed so my old eye doctor could no longer take me, which was a bummer. So I had to go here. I made an appointment for an eye exam for both contacts and glasses. The exam was quick and painless, except for those darn dilating drops! The optometrist was very polite and informative. I told him about my last pair of contacts and how one of them always seemed to fall out and he told me it was because that eye should have been fitter with an astigmatism contact. Then he also went over the best brands for contacts etc. I liked him, I believe he is very competent and he knows what he is doing. After that I went out to choose out my new glasses frames. Now, they're choices seemed very limited to me, and the frames got quite pricey, there weren't many in the middle price range(if that makes sense). So I finally chose my frames and was talking with the account person? The guy who orders everything for you basically. As I was getting my card out to pay he noticed I had AAA and he informed me that I could get a discount on my contacts for having AAA which was very nice of him.  After that was all done with I was told my glasses and contacts should arrive a week after my appointment day.A week goes by, I call to see if my glasses and contacts are in, and only my contacts are in. So I go to pick them up and ask when I should be expecting my glasses, they don't know and say maybe in a few days. I call up three days later asking about my glasses and they don't know why they're not in yet and say maybe next week. The next week I call, not there yet, and someone calls the company to find out what  happened, and apparently they didn't pass inspection so it'd be a little while longer. I was glad the lady I called that time found out for me because I get really anxious when I order things and I like to know when to expect things to be finished. I gave this location four stars because of the tiny selection and because it's not as homey as my last eye doctor's place. I guess that makes me biased. Still like it here though.
5	I came in today for the first time and was pleasantly surprised. They had an excellent  selection of frames. The optometrist was very knowledgable and took time to answer my questions. Then comes Nikki, she was amazing, she gave me all of my options and helped me figure out which frames would look best!
1	The most rude, unprofessional staff i ever encountered. The products from this company are made cheaply & they do not stand behind their product. My hubby bought a pair of expensive glasses because this is the only place his insurance covered. Within 4 months, the frames were chipping, the glass from 1 of the lenses even chipped. He NEVER dropped them, although this establishment accused him of doing just that. EVEN THE LAB AT THEIR HEADQUARTERS!! Will never go into another store again. I suggest you do the same.
