5	Another Ross location that I love shopping at when I am in town.  Last time I went, 1 of my best gf and I took a major hit on this place.  Selection was great (way better than LA) and clean/organized too.
4	I like this store. It didnt have as much selection in hair products as the newest store that just opened on the strip next to the cocacola store/m&M store. wow, now that was a Ross Superstore, but that's another review!  I just went here a few days ago and I found the cutest trendiest shirt for $10. You can't beat that. But it also messes with your head to the point that when you do stroll bk into the mall/galleria across the street you goff @ the mere sight of a ticket that reads $49.99. What the....It makes it hard to ever shop for anything unless its on sale or has a pink ticket attached to it.. or to shop unless youhave some sort of deal - buy x amt and get x amt off.. Thank you JCP!Regardless I bought a few cardigans, getting read for fall and in LV you must invest in layers. I also found really cute BCBG pants that are cute enough to wear out and to wear to the gym if need be and you can feel cute, whilst... getting even cuter! I def like this store. It does indeed get an extra star for having mostly matching bathroom accessories that I used to decorate my master bathroom. And all for less than $30!! Heck, that would have just got me a lousy soap/lotion dispenser @ BB& Beyond!Neat, neat treasures here if you have the patience. AND its right down the isle from Sally's, another pleasant shopping exp. and the new Hobby Lobby, which I have yet to see b/c everytime I'm in the area its closed!  i might just need to write a review to them to alter their hrs b/c I've seen many a grp disappointed on a Sunday that they want their Hobby Lobby fix!
5	Out of all the Ross stores in Vegas, this one is the BEST for house decors. I never really paid attention to any of the other departments... but their house decors departments was humongous. This store is twice as big and has twice as many selections to choose from compared to the ross by my house, and they have more new stuff everytime i go there. Why cant I live in Henderson? Seems like Henderson has all the cool places! I'm actually in the process of redecorating my house so I plan on coming here more within the next few months and I hope their selections continue to expand! Next time i make my way out there, I guess I'll take a look at their other stuff when i get a chance. I'll update my review once i do, but for now... 5 stars! :)
5	Clean, uncluttered store. Always love shopping at Ross!
5	I will always find something I want from Ross, no matter where it is!
5	For just having a restroom and some chairs to sit in while I wait for my girls to shop
4	Store was a little crowded but clean. I totally scored with an awesome Bob Marley on Canvas. Love me some Bob Marley!!! I would have paid $30 easy for this pic but got it at a steal for only $14.99. Total SCORE!!!
4	Everyone knows what Ross is about. cheap deals, brand names, odd merchandise, a little bit of everything. I specifically go here to buy work clothes and shoes. I love finding great deals. It's like winning something lol. only negative thing about this place is having a "loss prevention" guard right upfront as you walk in. hi and welcome customer! Come shop with us but please don't shoplift because I'll be watching you. it's bothersome. deals beats awkwardness so o well. check out your local Ross and see what deals you might find.
4	I like ROSS, and they all seem to be run the same, no matter where you go. I also love that they have DOLLHOUSE sunglasses for $4.99. They're adorable and affordable, I'm hard on sunglasses so I refuse to spend a great deal of money on them. This ROSS is conveniently located and the cashiers are all friendly.
