1	I am not sure about their Bell location but the Mesa and Phoenix offices are absolutely horrible.  They rarely call back when they say the will.  The worst service ever.  I put in an order for some simple signs back in January and am still trying to get them from them.  I have had to call countless times and make little progress with them.  I just hope when I actually get the signs they look good.  I would not recommend them to anyone.  I hate to leave bad reviews but this place has earned one ten times over.  I am not sure how they are in business to be honest.
1	This place is horrible!  I initially used them since I started in real estate in 1997. Never had any problems until my last order which took over a month for them to complete. I had to constantly call and was just given the run around and transferred to a different person each time. I don't know what's going on at this place but they do not conduct business in a professional manner. I finally lost it after calling to check on my order which was promised to be done on a certain day (again!). The manager threatened to cancel my order and hang up on me. Granted I was yelling at him but before that I had been more than patient and understanding. The order did finally get done after I screamed at them but it will be my last with them. Besides all this their prices aren't the best around. They had all my art work so it was a simple order with no changes.
1	I don't even want to give them one star. I own my own business and if I had staff like they do I would re-hire all new staff. I came in at 9am to check on the status of my signs because there is no communication whatsoever. The girl at the Mesa location showed up almost 30 min late, 4 customers were waiting outside in the heat. Guy by the name of James is a joke, will not call you back,email etc he puts the blame on everyone else. I placed an order in before memorial day this year and I still don't have the signs. Almost a month later, mike that does the design work is great. He was very helpful in designing my custom outside signs. If you need something fast go somewhere else, didn't think there prices were bad but who has a month plus to wait for stuff. The owner needs to be more aware of what's going on in his shops, or he very well may loose them.
