4	I have eaten at the original location many times and the food is always good but the decor pales in comparison.  They really went all out with opening of the new branch.  The interior is largely done in rich wood with intricate paneled walls.  I came in recently around the grand opening.  They had traditional Thai instruments being played by musicians and a dancer performing cultural dances.  The soups and currys are excellent here.  They offer Chinese dishes in addition which allows more options for those who don't like there food as spicy as I do.
4	Finally, a decent Thai restaurant in Henderson.  The decor of the place is nice, and the restaurant is spacious.  I have to always order the Pad Thai first to get a general idea of a Thai place.  The pad thai didn't disappoint.  Thank you!  I also ordered the Ka Pow, a spicy mint dish which I ordered with chicken.  Not bad at all.  I wish I could've ordered more food, but I wasn't too hungry at the time.  Service was hospitable, and people were friendly.  There isn't much of a need for me to go to Archi's as much anymore for good Thai food.
3	Pretty average Thai restaurant in Henderson. One of the few, so by default, one on the best. I had tom yum koong soup, and it was very good, and then for the entree I had garlic chicken, which was ok, but kind of bland. The restaurant itself is very nice, and the staff was quick and friendly. I'll go back when i am craving Thai food, and dont want to drive too far.
3	The food here is ok. The Pad Thai wasn't as great as the other Thai places I've had in Henderson. I prefer eating at Bangkok Orchid or Bangkok 9. The portions weren't that big either. I probably would not go back here again. The prices are also too high for the quality and portions that you get at this place compared to others. Nice ambiance though.
3	The review is more like 3.5 stars. I've been here TWICE, and the first time I was blown away. My friend and I went at nighttime and sat outside on the patio. Service was fantastic. I had the red curry with chicken and rice...really delicious, nice and spicy, and the small carafe of sake. The service was great also...the staff was really attentive to our needs.Since I was blown away by the service and the food, I took my family there the week after during lunchtime, thinking they would be impressed by the decor and service. BOY, was I wrong. My parents are already picky when they eat out, and the staff did not help their perception of the restaurant. Service was INCREDIBLY slow, even though the restaurant wasn't crowded. Our waitress had quite an attitude on her. At one point, my dad tried to signal her to our table and she barely looked at us and told the busboy to come over and help us out...WTF? Also, they charge 3 bucks for thai iced tea...which I think is kind of steep...plus no refills. I'm going to have to say that my favorite Thai place is STILL King and I on Windmill and Pecos. This restaurant definitely got my hopes up, but then dashed them just as quickly.
5	Definitely a great Thai place, and the location is great!  First, the decor.  The outside is somewhat unassuming, but once you enter the doors, you'll be surprised.  They have live Phalaenopsis orchids everywhere, and there are what appear to be hand-carved wood decorations everywhere.  Every inch of the interior is well-designed and gives the feeling of an exotic destination.  Beautiful touches everywhere.  If it's a nice enough day, go outside to eat.  The patio area is beautiful, and there's even a fountain just outside the doors.  It's completely shaded, the fresh air feels good, and again, no special touches were spared.  Service-wise, they're also good.  The servers (should I say this?) are all very attractive men and women, and they'll smile as you enter, greet you in Thai, and are wearing traditional Thai dress (I assume.  I know next to nothing about Thai culture aside from food).  I've been here twice, and the service has been consistent each time.  Lunch specials are a bargain, depending on what you get, but the main dishes aren't much more if you don't like the choices.  Preparation of the food was not particularly fast, but not slow, either.  The dishes are nice, the presentation is also good.  The food was all flavorful.  I recommend the currys.  All three that I've tried there so far are just what you'd expect, rich and delicious.  Their pad see ew was to die for, and they used real Chinese broccoli instead of the regular kind.  And they refill your hot tea like they were obsessed.  Finally, their Thai tea was really good, and the darkest Thai tea I've ever had.  Very good, over all.  Oh, and they had a bar and stuff, too, but I don't drink, so I can't rate that for you.  Highly recommended, especially eating outside on a warm, windless night.
3	Good food, good service, strange music. I actually heard an Asian style insturmental version of Biz Markie's " You got what I need". Do yourself a favor .... order the Duck Mint.   Very tasty.
3	Food mostly great, service not so wonderful.I visited here one evening with a companion.  We had never been here before so we joked as we approached the door about how we'd probably be stared at as we walked in, dressed as we were in t-shirts and casual pants.  When we opened the door, BAM - everyone was indeed staring!  That's because the entertainment -a woman playing a stringed instrument and singing-  was seated on a bench in the lobby right in front of the doors, commanding everyone's attention.  This was a rather disconcerting "welcome" that had us laughing later at our table. I feared that the place would be way too expensive, given the decor and the entertainment, which included a Thai dancer, but the meals were moderately priced, around $10 to $15.  The specials, however, were in the $20 range, and special bar drinks were $10.I had the Tom Ka Khai for an appetizer, and it was delicious, with layers of interesting flavors. It wasn't as polished, nor as pretty, as the Lotus of Siam's version, but very, very good.  My companion raved over it, as well as over her chicken satay appetizer which was very, very tasty and succulent. MMMM!   She also enjoyed a martini, which was very prettily attired in a flower and a slice of citrus, and sprinkled with what appeared to be a little shaved ice.My friend ordered the red curry with shrimp, and when it arrived she knew at once that the shrimp was overcooked by its appearance. It was indeed very white and a bit rubbery.  My masaman was quite tasty, though (my companion loved it as well), although a couple of the potato chunks were a tad undercooked. I enjoyed the meal quite a bit overall.  Being who she is, she set her plate aside in the hope that she would be able to get a different dish instead, otherwise she would ask for it to be boxed to take home.  When the waitress  caught her eye my friend told her that she felt her dish wasn't flavorful and that the shrimp was overcooked, but that she loved everything else she had tasted.  The waitress immediately offered to substitute another meal, which my friend accepted.  The waitress then brought over the manager.  Manager asks how meal was.  Friend repeats story. Manager offers substitute. Friend accepts.So... some time goes by and no waitress.  The manager wanders by and my friend asks her if the waitress will be coming back. The manager says the waitress is busy with another customer.  She looks towards the back of the restaurant and then has a second thought, and offers to take the order herself. My friend orders the chicken fried rice.The order arrived but the waitress was now quite subdued.  I didn't make much of it (I hate conflict- I usually don't even send meals back) but I did notice that she never came back to check on us, didn't have a smile for us when she walked by, and was showing that she wasn't happy with us.  Since my friend was quite polite about the whole thing and there had been no obvious rancor I was a little surprised about the waitress' change of demeanor and lack of good service.  Luckily other staff were very friendly and handled duties. I was able to get a Coke from the bartender when he came to ask if my companion wanted another martini.The strangest thing was when I got the check. The waitress just plopped the check on the table and, chin up, whipped away from us so quickly it startled me.  I usually don't notice subtle displeasure, but this was over-the-top rude, and made my friend angry enough to refuse to leave a tip.  (Me being a wimp I would have left her maybe 10%).Sigh....So, the food was very flavorful except for the shrimp dish and a couple of undercooked potatoes, but I really enjoyed the flavors. The live Thai entertainment created an interesting cultural atmosphere. I found the restaurant to be clean, nicely designed and comfortable. I thought everyone was pleasant except for our waitress during the last half of the meal. I'd give the place a 3.5 to a 4, but my companion does not condone unprofessionalism when one pays for a service, so she would give it a 2, so I'm rounding my score to a 3.Both of us might be willing to try this place again, just based on the fact that the food that we did like was awesome, and the staff, other than our waitress, were friendly and professional.  Personally, I think most people would have a good experience here despite my own adventure.
4	The plain strip mall look from the outside, doesn't do justice to the decor on the inside! I walked into this place on a whim and was pleasantly surprised by the themed decor and warmth. I came here for lunch on a Saturday and the place wasn't very busy at 1:45PM.The waitstaff was attentive and the service was friendly.I had the Larb, "Choice of ground beef, chicken, or pork with red and green onion, cilantro, rice powder. Seasoned with chili pepper and lime sauce," and I requested it to be spicy. (8 on a scale of 1 to 10).My friend had the chicken pad thai. She went mild on the spices.We enjoyed both dishes though my eyes were a bit teary from the spice. It was good!It's always nice to stumble onto a restaurant without friends telling you about it. Both of us agreed we'd come back again.Downside.... about 2 hours later I couldn't drink enough water. I thik there was a LOT of salt in that Larb!
4	We had dinner the other night and was pleasantly surprised in every aspect. The facade is nothing special on the outside, but once you step in the decor is very exotic. Rich dark wood everywhere and detailed in Thai culture. A little modern and traditional mixed together.My wife had the two servings of the Thai Ice tea, which was much better than we've ever experienced. I tried some Thai beer, first was Chang and it was really good. Then I tried Sing-ha and didn't like it as much. (Next time I'll just stay with "Chang" beer).We ordered the Satay appetizer and they were fantastic! What kind of sause is that? it's GREAT!Then came the Masaman curry and my wife had another curry dish. Both were very nice and no complaints at all. I'm not a vegetarian, but I ordered tofu in my curry and although I liked it, I'll go chicken next time.A side note about the potatoes in Thai dishes, I've been to a few Thai places and they all seem to have undercooked potatoes. One place was nearly raw, BUT I have a feeling this is the way it's suppose to be served. I"ll have to ask one day, but three Thai restaurants all serving undercooked potatoes?They also have a fairly extensive wine list and with lots of variety. Certain wines go well with Thai foods and their selection is impressive and surprising in it's variety. Dom Perignon? Opus? yep, they got it!Overall a nice experience and we'll be back for sure. Good food and up scale decor. Nice!
4	Visiting family for Thanksgiving always means adventure in dining.First and foremost, when someone gives you directions, do your own mapquest before going.  The way to the restaurant was not very clear from my sister in law and I got lost.  We had driven all day from SD to Las Vegas and was really hungry enough.  So we went and ate at Pin Kaow since my family in Vegas have eaten there before.  We arrived late and they have already ordered some appetizers and soup.  Tom Yum, crab rangoon, and fried tofu.  We had to make sure that Tom Yum was based with vegetable broth since my partner Brian was only vegetarian and seafood, no red or white meat (pork/chicken).  Tom Yum was spicy (5). crab rangoon and fried tofu was great but not enough sweet and sour sauce with the appetizers.  Then for the good stuff, my sister gets a little dominant during this dinner and said why don't we just order appetizers, which we didn't follow anyway (she got married 10+ years ago and she still talks about the wedding reception - at a tapas restaurant).   Other orders were crab fried rice, plain egg only fried rice, combo fried rice, bbq ribs, scallops and larb (beef).All was great.  The crab fried rice was great.  The ribs was tasty and the larb was wonderful.Service was great although they did refill your drinks but was too fast to ask what it was.  Recommended place for Thai food.Happy hour has good priced drinks and half priced appetizers, check with the restaurant for times
4	This place has pretty good thai food. Been here a few times.We ordered pad thai, mongolian beef, and pad see eww. The place is nicely decorated, and the waitress/waiter are friendly. First time, our pineapple fried rice took forever to come out. I think they forgot our orders.  But the last two times, the food came out in good time.
5	If you are always looking for the BEST thai out there, then search no more! The food here is the consistently delicious, and the service is TOP NOTCH. I eat here probably about 2-3 times a month, maybe about 30 visits total since it has opened in my area. The new potstickers they offer as an appetizer are sublime, as well as the beef satay. Some of my favorite dishes are the Spicy Chili Mint noodles, Spicy Eggplant with Chicken, and the Panang Curry is the best curry I have had to date. You won't be disappointed!
5	This place blows the other Henderson options for Thai out of the water.  The food has always been fantastic.  The chicken larb salad is awesome.  I am a huge red curry  and panang curry fan, but a friend recently got the chili mint noodles and they were outstanding, too.  It is a rule when dining here with others that no one orders the same thing as to ensure the most opportunity to taste lots of delicious things.  The Pin Kaotini is also quite yummy.  The portions always allow for a great late night snack or are also the best cold the next morning for breakfast.
4	I don't know if this was the best place that I've been to, but it was really good.  I had the pad see ew (stir fried flat rice noodles with Chinese broccoli and egg) with chicken and the BBQ Spare ribs.  The spare ribs were really soft and juicy.  The bbq sauce had a little sweetness to it, which I thought was good.  The pad see ew was good too, which is my favorite Thai dish.  It definitely didn't disappoint.  I also like the decor of this place.  It feels very authentic because the servers wear traditional wear.  Definitely a good place for Thai food.  I don't imagine that it gets any better in Vegas.
4	This is the best place for Thai in Vegas. The restaurant is in a new plaza, so its a new place. The atmosphere boasts of a nice restaurant, not the usual Thai places in town. This is a place where you can entertain people from out of town because its a little on the nicer side and the food is priced reasonably. Friday night they had $5 appetizers and buy one get one Thai beer. The shrimp blankets are awesome and so are the purses. If you go here you have to get the Pineapple fried rice. Its amazing, and the presentation is great. All of the food is plated well and the dinnerware is very nice. For an entree we had eggplant chicken, yum and seafood surprise i think it was called. Both were excellent.
4	I went here with three friends and we got a table outside in their beautiful courtyard with overhead fans and greenery all around. We walked right in, no reservations required and all ordered a beer and appetizers.  Their sampler platter was awesome and the food came and was amazing. One of my friends got a special pineapple dish with special rice and it was incredible. I've never tasted anything so original at a Thai place.  I got a curry with tofu, don't remember the name but it begins with M (Mandasa or something?) and it was fantastic!  Fairly priced, great service (helpful but not pushy) and I'd definitely recommend it for good Thai.
5	Scrumptious Thai with a side of friendly service...right here in Henderson! I have cravings for this food. Luckily, everyone I've introduced to Pin Kaow loves it and no one refuses my requests to return. The decor and patio are well worth mentioning, but the food takes center stage here, baby. I have not had a dish I wasn't blown away by. And they always manage to get the spice just right on the 1-10 scale. I highly recommend the chicken and/or beef satay appetizer. I could eat this stuff all day long. The war wonton soup is spot on and comes with its own sterno on the table to keep it hot. I've had the pad thai, the chili mint noodles (one of my faves) , and the pad see ew, which is stir fried rice noodles with Chinese broccoli and egg. And they save the best for last...the sweet rice and mango is killer. I didn't think anyone could come close to Lotus of Siam on this one, but I think it's a tie! There is no doubt as to why this restaurant is always busy.
5	I loved everything we ordered here. I have always eaten on the strip, but this time, it was a locals visit so we went to the M resort, and then ate here at Pin Kaow for dinner before heading to the strip to party. We ordered green curry, beef jerky, papaya salad with crab, and fried rice with shrimp. The curry was spicy but perfectly so at 7 spice level, the papaya salad was spicy too and well shredded. The beef jerky was delicious and not too hard. And the fried rice was so addicting. The thai tea was just normal, but with all the yummy food, it still tasted great. I'm still craving it right now, 2 days after.
2	this may be outdated but I went here with friends a couple months after they opened. We are big fans of the pin kaow (rainbow) but this one is just all wrong. (maybe outdated opinion not sure haven't been back) It seems they they are trying too hard to accommodate the demographic but in the process they lost it's authenticity and flavor that made the original so kick ass. I was very unhappy with the food. The service was slightly sloppy but not too bad. The place is also clean... But we all know the best Thai restaurants are holes!
2	Decent thai food. We ordered takeout and chose a wide variety of dishes. pad thai, sweet and sour dishes and multiple appetizers. Nothing stood out as amazing however the crunchy fried chix left me perplexed: it is a piece of fried chix which has been strategicaly dissected... the chix meat has been removed, and replaced with a pork stuffing..and then it is sewn back up in the deep fried chix skin...interesting.They do not deliver until 4 pm-fyi
3	i have been to this place several time,  was there this past satuday for a dinner,  and it was empty!!!!  so i would expect great service.....uhhh not thtis time.  they must hae sent most of the staff home,  so it took a while to get something to drink.  food is good,  but it seems over time the portion sizes have shrunk, and of course the prices have not shrunk to match!!  overall its a good place, especially in henderson, when you dont want to drive over to the other side of town for your asian fix!
4	The Place: Clean, Casual, Nice DecorThe Service: Helpful, Quick, Friendly The Food: Variety, Great Food, Good Sized PortionsI've eaten here MANY times and have had nothing but Great Experiences.  The Green Curry, Pineapple Fried Rice are my 2 favorites here. Haven't found a better Thai place in Vegas.
3	after 1 visitambience B+ loved the decor, however, the lighting was quite dark. it was hard to see anything. service B+ i would have given pin kaow an A, however, they over-killed on the table touches. i think we had 5 people check on us in the matter of 5 minutes. food B+ i enjoyed the dishes, but it didn't make me say, "wow, this is REALLY good."chicken sataythe chicken was grilled perfectly. the peanut sauce (most likely an authentic sauce), fell a little flat on my palate.tom ka koonglemon grass soup with coconut milk, galanga root, mushroom, and shrimpgreat in small doses. i could only eat one small bowl, because it was a rich and slightly sour broth. the sourness wore on me at the end of one bowl. that same sourness is why so many people love this soup. it's just not for my palate.roasted rice beefbeef, cabbage, roasted rice, thai basil and spicesroasted rice is a new concept for me. basically, it is crushed rice that has been roasted and scattered on the beef. interesting texture and a great experience. but not my favorite dish. chicken yellow currydelicious.overall: B+hope to be able to visit this place again. sample some other dishes i've never sampled before.
4	what do you get when you cross three hungry ladies, good drinks, and Thai food...GIRLS NIGHT!!!!I met Blair B. and soon-to-be-yelper Theresa at Pin Kaow for a girls night out.  I enjoyed Thai iced tea, Blair had the dragonberry mojito and Theresa downed her lychee martini in 2 seconds.Miss T had a bowl of tom yum ka with brown rice.  Blair and I ordered for the table papaya salad with salty crab (crab not really edible, papaya rather spicy), duck mint (duck with jalepenos, bell peppers, onions, mint and Thai basil), and chicken panang curry.  The funny thing is we ordered the duck a "5/10" and the curry a "7/10" - the papaya salad was the hottest (and had no sign of spicy-ness aka anything chilli oriented), the duck had a small zing, and the curry wasn't really spicy.However, the curry was very flavorful, the duck was very tasty, and the papaya salad was at least something unusual to try.  Blair was very open-minded about the spicy level and I feel guilty for subjecting her tongue to any pain as a result.Nevertheless, it was tasty and these kind ladies gave me the leftovers for tomorrow's meals.  I am fortunate.  I really want to return to try the spicy basil eggplant with tofu.  Otherwise, there was a diverse menu (we laughed about the few Chinese items on the menu), the waitstaff was attentive and dressed in cool clothes, and the ambiance is quite nice.  I also ran into a friend I had not seen in awhile, and he has good taste in food.The best part was the company, and since Blair had to hit the hay for work, Theresa and I went to my place, split a bottle of Dom Perignon, and watched a chick flick.
3	I had the pleasure of dining here for a fun ladies night with Lisa L. and future yelper Theresa. While the company got 5 stars in this review I'll stick to the food . I had had takeout from here prior to this dinner a couple times. I know people rave about Pin Kaow but I do prefer Archi's & Lotus. I think if this was the only Thai show in town mb It would be getting a 4 star, but in comparison I think Pin Kaow falls short. Things I've had at Pin Kaow for takeout:*Duck fried rice - yummy, but probably only an ounce of edible duck meat. The rest was all grisel/fat. So that blew.*Mongolian beef - only my nutty husband would order this at a Thai place ! Yup, not good at ALL. I can't fault them for this, I fault my husband for ordering it !*Pad see ew - my favorite thai dish of all time. Archi's and Lotus are way better. The issue I have with Pin Kaow is their noodles are hella bland. I want some of that dark sauce deliciousness in my noodles!Dinner with Lisa L!*papaya salad with "crab". Ok the crab wasn't edible it was tiny weird slivers of crab shell. It was insanely spicy at a level 5.*Duck/mint - really tasty, however I thought the portion was kinda stingy for $15 or so. I could get WAY more duck at say Satay or Joyful House for that kinda price. *Curry - So Lisa ordered the curry as a 7/10 and I decided to be brave and try it despite the fact I don't do spicy. UMM it wasn't spicy at all?!? I know spice is subjective but if this spice-fearing woman can down a 7/10 at a thai restaurant your scale is messed up, sorry!*Mango/sticky rice - So glad Lisa shares my love of this so we were able to get one to share! Beautiful presentation and flawless execution.Atmosphere is decent, service is decent, but overall the only reason I frequent this place is the location. I wish we had better Thai on this side of town, but sadly we don't. Archi's and Lotus are worth the drive to me 9 times out of 10!
4	After quite a few failed attempts to get my boyfriend to enjoy thai food as much as I do, I finally found a place that he actually likes! Thank you Pin Kaow!The atmosphere at this restaurant is really nice. We always sit on the patio/courtyard area and I'm sure this summer will try eating indoors too. But, it's sooo nice outside! Lots of lush greenery to make you almost believe you aren't in Vegas anymore.The food is really yummy. We have tried the spicy mint chicken (I'm addicted now), the Pad Woon Sen with chicken, Tom Yum Kai soup and the thai chicken salad....all very good!
4	This is my favorite Thai place in Vegas.  They have the best Chicken Satay ever!The servers are very nice and the place looks awesome with everything made from wood.  They also have a nice sized patio area as well.I can honestly say I have never tried anything that was not good.  They only get 4 starts because the 5 star rating is reserved for another Thai place not in vegas.  If this rating was for vegas only, 5 stars all the way!Just so you all can trust my rating, I have been to thailand and several of my close friends are thai and even own restaurants so i think i'm a decent judge of thai food.  If you can get off the strip go check this place out, I think you'll be happy you did.
4	Pineapple fried rice is to die for!
4	I had padthai for lunch.  It was great, nicely cooked.  Service was also great and prompt.  Only thing is if you are vegetarian then they will not change their chicken soup or the eggroll to a vegi substitute.  So you are paying $10 just for the noodles with no sides.
4	I love that this place is in my neighborhood.  It is rare to find a Thai restaurant that serves masaman curry, much less good-tasting masaman curry!  This place is easily the best Thai place I've eaten at.  In my opinion, Lotus of Siam does not compare.Also, the combination fried rice is delicious and extremely flavorful.  I usually order takeout; they are very prompt and accurate when quoting a pick-up time.  The few times I have dined at the restaurant, service was probably as good as it gets for being an Asian restaurant.  The servers and bussers were attentive and did not let your drink sit empty for long. One negative thing about this place is that they only serve one small bowl of rice for two people.  Extra rice is like $2.50 per bowl, which I find ridiculous, especially when both guests order curry and a small bowl is obviously not enough for two people.I love trying out new Thai restaurants, but when I'm in the mood to eat Thai food and I don't want to be disappointed, I choose Pin Kaow.
3	Mm... so I remember taking a trip over here when they first opened up. It was just... OK. I will commend the decor, but the food was what I really wanted to see!My boyfriend and I were hungry! We had been going on a Thai food rampage for that whole 2 weeks, it seemed. We bounced around from Thai restaurant to another and saw that this was open. I was familiar with seeing their other location near the LVAC on Rainbow/95 when I lived in the NW. Well, their portions were small, for one... we got the spicy mint chicken. Instead they brought out spicy tofu. In the midst of our confusion and it being our first time to any Pin Kaow, my boyfriend and I figured that the chicken may be hidden somewhere underneath, and so we proceeded to mess up the cute presentation. We found no chicken between the swirling of both our forks and the plate, and later flagged down the waitress. (BTW, we were the only other guests in the room besides a couple in front of us that seemed to be enjoying an intimate conversation.) Asked her about the dish, and we found out we had gotten the wrong dish. She was a little disappointed about our messing up the plate, but did take it back and came back with what we did order. It was decent.We also got the pad see ew. Also decent, but again... a small portion. Oh and the Thai iced tea... I think I can drink that in 3 gulps. -sad faceAlso, the rice they gave was not enough to go with the rest of our food. We had to pay for extra rice. How disappointing!I may be spoiled by my usual Thai restaurant -- ahem* Thai House Restaurant on Silverado/Maryland-- so this may be why I'm not that impressed. But... I know I probably will not return here unless someone else is paying.
5	this place is beautiful, and magically delicious..  I'm a huge fan of pin kaow  and am happy to say that it's just as great..the decor is beautiful!! the wait staff is friendly and are on point about refills and making sure everything's ok.  I always have the same thing:  an appetizer platter that offers crab cakes, shrimp and veggie eggrolls, and crab wontons.yellow chicken curry.. and the seafood delight.mm.   pad Thai is excellent here as well!when it's nice out in vegas.. definitely eat outside.  it's way beautiful and super serene.
4	Decor was very, very nice. Casual , shorts environment.  Just needed in 110 degree temperature.Service- ExcellentPrice - Very good price range.  9.00 to 12.00 per person.Food - Tom Yam Koong soup was fantastic. Even at a 7 out of 10 in spice rating, it was very tasty and spicy but did not burn. Penang curry was very good, the Pad Thai was excellent, Combo fried rice - not too bad, but not fried rice gurus.  Masaman Curry was okay. I ordered it upon recommendation of another person's recommendation and it was okay. We ordered the curry's at a 4 in heat level. Could have gone more.Overall - Fun place to bring the family! Good food.
4	Oh Pin Kaow, do you ever do wrong?  I hope not, because it's all been great so far.   This location is next to my work, Pin Kaow 1 near my house, and it's all delicious no matter where in the valley!Their decor is just as rad as their other locations;  it's like a bit of Thailand has slipped through the strip mall paradise of this Henderson commercial center.  And their outdoor patio is nice;  maybe not in 106, but it's nice when it's not en fuego outside.Last visit I had a great chicken satay and a green curry that was savory to say the least.  Great portions.  My only sad moment was when the appetizer was a dollar less than the entree.  Ouch!    Still, a delightful establishment.
4	The food is reasonably priced and the atmosphere amazing. It felt like I was transported to another country. The host was very engaging and welcoming. The host announced a special performance for the guest by one of their dancers who danced within view of our table.The food was tasty and affordable. The medium spice pad thai noodles was more like a mild to me. I could've went to a 5 or 6 in the 1-10 heat scale. Other than that, I really enjoyed and would come again.
3	Went to Pin Kaow last night with the boyfriend for dinner. The interior is very nice, its dimly lighted and kind of romantic haha. We started with the stuffed chicken wings. I thought it was very dry. It only came with two of them and we discussed how many they normally come with at other Thai restaurants we've dined at. The cucumber salad that accompanied it was good. We ordered the salmon green curry and spicy mint tofu. WOW, we were very disappointed when it came out. No joke, the portions are tiny as hell!! Seriously.. these are entree portions?! I almost wanted to laugh when they brought it was but decided to refrain from that.The salmon curry was yummy. I have never tried green curry with salmon and it was delicious although next time I'll stick with chicken or tofu. The spicy mint tofu was not as flavorful as I hoped but overall was fine. Just the portions really bugged the hell outta me! The workers were very nice and always made sure to fill our waters and too see if we wanted more beer or wine. Sorry, probably won't return. I'm sticking to Thai House on Maryland!! For the same prices, you can get waaay more food. Last night was seriously the first time I ever went home without any leftovers from eating at a Thai restaurant! Disappointing!!
5	Their portions are a bit small since we were planning on sharing everything family style, but other than that it was AMAZING.Pad Thai: SO GOOD with the right amount of flavorTom Yum: Their broth was very flavorful with the right amount of spicy kick. Yellow Curry: You can never go wrong ordering this. Its a bit thick and has a lot of coconut milk but it was very good! Pad See Ew: Very good. We got it with fried tofu. Yum!Pineapple Fried Rice: actually comes served in a pineapple!! It was really good with raisins and cashews mixed in too. I almost didn't want to eat it, it looked so pretty. And have your meal with a Thai Ice Tea. Delicious. The staff was very attentive and very helpful when we didn't exactly know what to order. You'll see me eating here again.
4	I really enjoy this place. From my experience, you cant go wrong at Pin Kaow. The service is perfect. They seat you ASAP and the water glass of mine is constantly full. They check-up just enough so you feel remembered, but not pestered. Food here is just like Grandma's :) Cucumber salad and papaya salad (youre not supposed to eat the crabs, just suck on them for their saltiness, not too much of a fan) are good appetizers. If you're looking for soup rather than salad for appetizers, the Tom ga kai soup is my faveee, and they make it well here.For entrees I usually get Red or Green Curry. Yummm. I have found that the red curry is spicier than green when ordered on the same scale.  My last visit, I stepped away from getting my usual curries, and got the ground chicken larb salad. It was just as I had expected, almost as good as grandma's ;]. I recommend this dish, I think people stay away from food that they don't know... but larb is ground meet of your choice. Thai basil and cilantro really dominate the dish, along with this it has the standards of onions, and fish sauce. With the ground meat, you put it in cabbage wraps.. mmm. So, you can call it a variant of lettuce wraps. My only complaint is the lack of rice they give for the curry... There is so much broth for this and i like to have my curry and rice well proportioned, but they dont provide you enough... I know how the asians hate wasting!! But I dont think it would go to waste if they just gave another scoop. I have tried tmy friend's pad thais, pad see ews, and other noodle dishes. I am not too fond of getting these here because I feel that I can get these in chinese take out!My recent discovery is on Sunday nights they have traditional Thai music, which is relaxing, and dancing performances that are nice to watch. Stop by this place, despite the negative reviews.. try it for yourself:]
4	Well I finally returned unexpectedly today after a long while since my last meal here.  I turned into the parking lot then went for the spicy eggplant and tofu with basil.  The good thing is the option of fried or steamed tofu.  I went for steamed.  The dish had jalepenos, red bell pepper, basil, really delicious eggplant and steamed tofu with a side of white rice.I also got suckered into the specials menu.  I ordered a soft shell crab-apple salad.  It sounds weird, but it was sooooo good.  A crisp soft shell crab cut in half atop julienned apples, thai chilis, green onions, red onion, cabbage, carrot, and garlic with a lime dressing.  It was spiiiicy!  I got a 5 on the salad and a 7 on the eggplant dish, but Blair B. would not be surprised when I say the salad was spicier than the hot dish :)Topped off the meal with a Thai iced tea (those are $3 now holy moly!) and ended up with plenty for tomorrow's lunch.  So far, I am still interested in coming back for more.
4	3 of us came here on halloween night. I personally enjoyed the live music, it was exotic, mellow and not too loud. As soon as we opened the door, we were greeted by this lady who was nicely dressed in traditional thai clothing. Inside was clean and welcoming. I recall we were the only customers there that time, but oh well, it was sunday, this restaurant is located in Henderson and everyone in Vegas must have been busy partying @ the strip that night.  When I sat down, I wasn't so hungry, so I was going to only eat papaya salad, but I changed my mind when I look the menu because I found the whole fried red snapper, and I couldn't resist it. (Who can? especially when you're from Asia) Usually, whole fried fish would cost min $50 if you are to order it at those chinese restaurants on the strip, but here, it was reasonably priced and I paid only $20. Ha! The fish was perfectly cooked, inside was steamy and didn't stink at all (it happens sometimes when you don't prepare it well). The meat was firm, and outside was crispy, crunchy, and drenched in spicy tangy sauce. It was not oily though. I ate tails and small bones too... I asked her to prepare it pretty spicy, and they did it just the way I liked it. I also ordered Papaya salad which was like $9.00 and it wasn't a disappointment, but I've had something better for this price before. As for duck curry, meat was very tender and surprisingly not too oily. It was kinda sweet because of the pineapples they put in. This one was $13 and it's worth the repeat. Next time, I'd like to try couple different soup :)
4	Best Thai food in Vegas and great service!
4	Great Pad Thai, their spicy scale is 1-10, 7+ being very spicy. I won't be looking for another Thai restaurant any time soon. I would give 5 stars if the serving sizes were a bit larger.
5	I've been to this Pin Kaow and the one in the Southwest, and they are both really good..  My favorite is the pad see ewe and shrimp appetizer, which I recommend..  I've tried a couple of the curries, and if you get it spicy, it will definitely come spicy, so beware!
3	I've been here a few times and I usually always get the whole fried fish, cause I love any fish that is served with the head and tail!This time around we tried a few different things:Ground Pork Larb- was a little dry ( maybe I'll try the chicken larb next time) but it had great flavor and you could really taste the rice powder (which I love) but could be an acquired taste for some.Green curry with chicken- not too sweet, which is a good thing cause I always stay away from Thai curries cause most places make it way too sweet.  They did a good job of balancing the sweetness, spices and salt.Pad See Eew combination meat- noodles were not overcooked and again, not too sweet, flavor was good.A few things I'll do differently next time- the meat seems like it was overcooked in both dishes, next time I'll stick with tofu and veggies or shrimp but the mister likes neither tofu or veggies :(I do like Pin Kaow though- I'll just need to try a few other Thai places before I can say more or less whether it's that good...
4	Hello, my name is Anhdao and I am a Thai food-addict.  The habit started nine years ago, when I lived in Los Angeles and a drive to Thai town was only 10 minutes.  I cannot go more than a couple of days without getting Thai.  Any longer than that and symptoms such as sleeplessness, lack in work diligence, and even unnecessary irritation will begin.Luckily for this addict, there is a very reliable Thai establishment less than 2 miles from my house.  Pin Kaow 3 has very consistent food and beautiful decor, which is why I am not surprised to find that it is already a chain in Las Vegas, with three locations to boast, accessible to all directions of the valley and all Thai food-seekers of any Thai-food level of addiction.  The menu has a wide variety for a restaurant that aims to serve the undiscriminating masses rather than the select few.  This range of choices comes at a sacrifice in the quality of the food (don't attempt their Larb salad unless you have plenty of water on hand for the dryness).  However, it's a perfect place to take the rawest of Thai food neophytes who are not looking for tongues on fire and dishes whose names do not yet have English translations.My Pin Kaow favorite is definitely the Crab Fried Rice, it is the exact middle ground of authenticity and popularity at the restaurant.  They give you a fair amount of real crab, the rice is moist, not overly greasy, and there is a good portion.  They also do curries very well.  I recommend the Salmon Green Curry or the Pork Panang Curry.  I find these curries at spicy level 2 will satisfy most my non-Thai friends who are looking for a kick without a stomach ache.  The food here really equates three stars for me.  But the extra star comes from the pleasant ambience (there is no unflattering flourescent light), the beautiful serveware (blue & white china even just for steamed rice), and the attentive service (yes, I would love my leftovers boxed, please).
4	I've now been to all Pin Kaow locations. My first time was up on North Rainbow and I remember that being pretty good. Since then, I tried the South Rainbow location and I came away slightly disappointed. Fortunately, Pin Kaow 3 has reaffirmed my faith in their name.My friends and I went here last week for a birthday lunch. We pretty much all ordered from the lunch special menu. They cost slightly more than lunch specials at other Thai restaurants, but the quality of the food helps you ignore that.I usually go for the Panang Curry whenever it's available. However, it has been so long since I've had Pad Thai. I went with that instead. Maybe it's due to my long Pad Thai hiatus, but it was absolutely delicious. Authentic? Who knows. Yummy? Definitely.I should also mention that the service was incredibly friendly. We had a large group and they seemed very grateful that we chose to dine at their restaurant. Great food and service. What more could you want.
4	It was the Monday after Thanksgiving and my wife and I were a bit tired of the usual leftover fare, so we thought we'd step out for dinner-- after all, we had something special to celebrate. Days earlier we found out that we were expecting our very first child!! Thai sounded good, and based on recommendations from some local friends, we were off to Pin Kaow.The atmosphere and ambiance were spot on. It was very nicely decorated, and very clean (which is one of the most important things for me when I go out-- I want to feel comfortable and at ease). The presentation of the food was lovely.We ordered curry, steamed rice, and some (delicious) Pad See Ew. I haven't had very much Thai food before, but this was by far the best we'd had. The service was friendly and attentive. My water glass was NEVER empty which is a HUGE plus.It was a great experience, and once the wife gets over her morning sickness, we'll head back!EDIT: I went back for the 2nd time just recently (my wife has finally gotten over her morning sickness) and was super impressed about how I never saw the bottom of my water glass. It was constantly being refilled. LOVE THIS!
5	The food, service, and price was great. As a newbie to Thai food, so far this is one of my favorites.
4	I'm a vegetarian, so I haven't tried many things on the menu. I normally order the Vegetable Pad See Ew, Yellow Curry with Fried Tofu (zero spice level) and the Sweet Rice with Coconut Ice Cream for dessert. I've had those items elsewhere, and Pin Kaow 3 definitely takes those places out!!! Also, their service is great. They are so kind to me whether I dine-in or take-out.  :)
3	pin kaow has yet to win over my heart. Dan T. and I usually go to the one on rainbow by our house, but this day we were doing a little shopping over at nordstroms rack and needed some energy. while both craving thai this place was near and since we have been to number 2 we knew it was safe. It was during lunch time, but we didn't order from the lunch menu. I was surprised to see that pad see ew didn't make the lunch menu cut. That is my favorite and usually my safe go-to dish. i almost always see it on the lunch menu. my boyfriend ordered his usual chicken pad thai spice set at 6. we waited for 10 maybe 15 minutes and it came out. now i will tell you why pin kaow has yet to win my heart. it never fails that when i order my safe go-to dish pin kaow is selfish with the broccoli and that is my favorite part. their beef is good and their sauce is alright. the noodles thick and melting in my mouth, but for some reason the broccoli is a let down. yes, maybe i should start picking a new dish, but why when everywhere else is not stingy? i had some thai iced tea and it was just way too sweet for my liking.it is not my favorite thai place in las vegas, but it is not the worst either. the chicken pad thai is alright and i do enjoy having thai leftovers for my late night cravings and pin kaow leftovers hold up pretty well in the fridge.i say don't make the crosstown drive, but if you are nearby and craving thai this place is okay. just don't expect to be wow'd.
4	Pink Cow?  ...no Pin Kaow...  LOVE this place!!  We've recently ventured out of our normal order of Pad Thai with shrimp, spicy #5 and Yellow curry with chicken, spicy #5... We added on spring rolls, vegetable fried rice and FRIED ICE CREAMMMMM!!  So our normal bill of about $20 has increased to $40, but WHO CARES, when the food this THAT good = consistently every time, might I add...  It's more than worth it!!  So our waist line might not be thanking us, but there's more to life than always thinking skinny!  ...just workout harder!!When you're craving Thai food, this is a great go-to restaurant where you'll know your craving WILL be satisfied!
5	Beautiful atmosphere, friendly staff and incredible food. Love this place! I will absolutely be returning soon.
4	I'm not giving five stars because I haven't been here enough.  However, the few times I've been here I've gotten the curry and it's been excellent each time.  I prefer the green curry spicy level #7.
4	LOVE this place. We get the spicy mint chicken, sometimes spicy mint noodles and the pad thai every time. Awesome. I want to try some new things, but I am so addicted to the spicy mint chicken it haunts my dreams.
3	I like to order takeout here on my way home from work, and I wanted to be daring and try a spice level 7 out of 10 in my panang veggie curry with tofu, instead of my usual safe level 5. OWWWWW!!!!! I bit straight into what looked like a sliced green bell pepper and definitely WAS not!! Ouch ouch ouch! No milk in my house!! WHAT?!!! Only Greek yogurt! I slathered my tongue in the Greek yogurt to try and knock out the spice. I felt like my eyes were gonna explode out of my head!! After about half an hour of sweating I was still hungry and strangly still wanted curry. So I meticulously picked out every suspicious looking green item and then enjoyed the rest of my dish. I tried to trick my boyfriend into eating the "green veggies" but he caught on to my gimmicks. I'm not good at keeping a straight face. Next time, "panang curry, but hold the peppers please!"
5	this is the best restaurant i have ever been to in my entire life. i used to go there like every week. it is SOOOOO GOOD. the pork fried rice is definitely my favorite, but pretty much everything i've tried there has been amazing and it's always consistent.the staff is also really friendly and great and the atmosphere is really well done and kind of romantic. pin kaow will always be a favorite of mine!
3	Based upon a recommendation and being indecisive as to where to eat on a Friday night, we decided to give Pin Kaow a try. The Best of LV award posted provided some initial comfort as to our decision. The ambiance is good but I would probably prefer takeout in the future. The service is okay but a number of different people worked the table including three to process our payment? The server seemed a little irritable or put out. I mean I only needed a new fork. As for the food, I thought the Crab Rangoon appetizer tasted like cream cheese only...wheres the crab? The Pad Thai with shrimp, medium and Yellow Curry with chicken medium were good. I will return to the Kaow for the curry...takeout.
2	The BF loves this place but I think Ping Pong is better...So with that said it was the BF's B-Day so like I knew he would he chose to have his B-Day lunch at this Pin Kaow.This Pin Kaow is right near my house and very clean inside and you know what they say "Cleanliness is next to Godliness"Two things I appreciate here is that it is clean and decorated so cool.As you walk in you are greeted with a wooden sign that says "Welcome to Thailand" and the ambiance does feel like we have gone on a trip...OK on to the food- Today we had:  - Green Curry with Chicken- Pretty good, white meat, and I love the thin bamboo shoots-Tom Yum Soup- I think this soup is stinky so I am honestly turned off by it and it was no different here however I must say I really do enjoy it at Ping Pong ( it does not stink there and they also put mushrooms in the soup)-Beef Pad See Ew- The beef was tough - the beef should be soft-but still this dish was acceptable-Veggie Spring Rolls- It's OK, but I think it could use more flavor and the dipping sauce they provide is too sweet like a melted lollipop-Wonton Soup - No flavor but wontons were plump and filledAll in all I am not impressed by this place at all but the BF loves it!!!It is close to home and OK in my book so I guess we will be back but only if going to Ping Pong is not attainable.....
4	A very pleasant and inviting decor throughout the restaurant. The staff all wear traditional Thai sarongs which definitely adds positively to the dining experience. We ordered the Hotpot of the shrimp soup to start and it was absolutely delicious. It had a very pronounced and delicious lemon grass and ginger flavor with a satisfying quantity of large-sized shrimp. For our main course, we ordered Green Curry Chicken, Pad Thai and the Seafood Surprise. We elected to get 5/10 for spicyness. The next time I might go up to a 7, but adding a bit of hot sauce made it spicy enough. The Seafood Surprise was surprising in the quantity of seafood included and it had a very nice sweet, tangy flavor that gave the dish a delicious taste. The green curry was not the very best I've had, but it came awfully close. We elected for the pork which was cut into fairly tiny pieces and didn't make any kind of impression, but the curry compensated The pad Thai was not particularly memorable, but more than adequate. The portions were well sized. There were 3 in our party, and we had enough food for four. At $50 (no drinks), it felt reasonably priced. Overall, not blown away but very satisfied. The location is very convenient and I expect I'll go back frequently.
4	So... this is a review for DINNER on a Tuesday evening.Service: 4 starsWe were greeted nicely and immediately upon entering... seated quickly.The waitress took our drink orders and had them brought out while we figured out what we wanted to eat.Food was delivered promptly and was served hot (but not burn your mouth hot).Water glasses were kept filled without us having to ask.Menu:Good selection of curries, noodles, fried rice, salads and soups.We started with the Tom Ka Kai (coconut chicken soup).... OMG!  This is freakin' good....5 stars.  The coconut milk makes this soup rich... so be prepared.  The lemongrass is a bit strong but it helps cut the coconut milk.  Big strips of chicken and the mushrooms were nice and succulent.Then we had the Spicy Eggplant w/ chicken and Combo Fried Rice.  The Spicy Eggplant wasn't all that spicy since we asked for #2... which is really mild... but we weren't sure how "spicy" spicy was... so we erred on the side of caution and added our own chili garlic spice as necessary to heat things up.  Anyways.... the Eggplant... I'd give it a 4 star rating and would order it again.  It was very nicely prepared in a light, flavorful brown sauce. (It was served with Jasmine white rice which was 'ok'.)The Combo  Fried... I'd give it a solid 3 stars.... better than plain fried rice but it didn't knock my socks off.Will we be back again?  Yes.
4	I ate this food last monday to go. Food was pretty good. You just need to know what to order and how spicy you want it on a 10 scale. I enjoyed their crab ragoon which was pretty big in size. and this dish that is similar to pad thai, drunken noodles?, was really good, and of course, other entrees. The first time my boyfriend and i dined here we weren't too happy, but now that we know what to order, I would recommend this place. Food can get a bit pricey. Like the crab ragoon was 10 bucks and you only get four, but it's so good you would want more.
5	Pin Kaow has always gone above and beyond when it comes to making it a real cultural experience with their food. All three locations are beautifully designed on the inside, and really contribute to the culture of the food and puts you "in the mood" to enjoy some great hospitality. This is one of those restaurants where I feel like I really *am* a part of the culture in that sitting. The scenery makes you feel like you're in a formal setting of a thai restaurant, although the restaurant itself is far from formal. I was here several days ago. I usually go to the one that's by Lake Mead/I-95 since it's closer to my side of town, but I decided to venture out to the other two to see if the quality was just as good as the original establishment. I always order the Red Curry with chicken and bamboo shoots with extra rice; am absolutely *obsessed* with this, since you have your choice on a lot of the menu items to pick from 1-10 on level of spiciness.Their menu has full of unique variety and flavor to choose from, and the service here is by far one of the best in Vegas. I would honestly say the service is just as great as the food itself, maybe even better! I've noticed the managers will stop by asking how your meal has gone, and everyone is more than willing to cater to what you need, and are very friendly. This is my favorite spot to take my friends when they are feeling adventurous with eating and need a change of scenery from the typical, boring restaurant atmosphere.
5	I love the chili mint noodles here.  The masaman and panang curries are excellent too.  I normally finish off the meal with some coconut ice cream.The decor is nice, wait staff is quick and attentive (though some don't speak english well), and prices are reasonable.Pin Kaow is one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas.
5	Yummy Yummy Yummy!I love this place so much.  I usually order take out but the time I ate in was fantastic as well.  My husband and I were the only ones on their patio, which was surprising because the atmosphere out there was surprisingly nice.  It's secluded from the shopping center and feels like you are eating your meal in a garden, very cool, very homey.  The people here are super friendly and you can expect to be "checked up on," several times throughout your meal.  The only thing I do not reccomend is the Thai coffee, something is just not quite right with it, and I can't put my finger on it exactly.  I can't bear to dock a star for this little issue because  the Thai tea and their dishes are amazing.  Thai food is my new love and this place is phenomenal. :-)
5	Best Thai in Vegas I think- I love eating there as the atmosphere is lovely, especially outside. Their pannang curry is delicious as well as the chili mint noodles. I live close to here, thai house and gallanga- we have a hard time choosing!! They just started a punch card which I think will sway our decision more often:)
5	Great place, highly recommended! I haven't had a bad dish here yet.
4	I get delivery from them twice a month it's fast & i like their chili mint noodle, the chicken satay, duck fried rice.  Inexpensive & tasty
4	This is my little spot that I go to for lunch with my mom. Today we ordered papaya salad with fresh, grilled shrimp, the lunch fried tofu pad thai with soup, fried wonton & spring roll with sweet chili sauce, and the regular pad se ew with beef. It was soo good, the server told us that on the papaya salad a '7- on spiciness scale' is equivalent to a '9 or 10' for a regular entree dish. She said it was because papaya salad is one of the more spicier dishes they have. It was perfect for us because we are korean and we like our food with a kick. If you look at the dinner entree dish- pad se ew and compare the quantity with the lunch pad thai is the same. The only difference between the two dishes was the appetizers like the soup, wonton, and spring roll that comes with it for $2 cheaper! What a fab foody find!!!!!
4	Wifey and I met our friend gary there for dinner last night.  Once again to preface, we would fly to bangkok for food weekends.  Our friend Gary has been to thailand a load of times so we have high expectations.Ambience : Very thai very nice interior, they have a patio area as well.  Didnt see people out there yet so I dont know if they have miss-ters or what the deal is with that. Service: very attentive, quick to answer questions and check on us.  most staff are thai (a good sign).  Also asked for something "off menu" and were supplied with what we wanted.Spice Level 1-10: however our thai server let us know she orders stuff into the 15 level.  Found a 5 was enough to make me sweat probably could've gone to an 8 for my wife and gary (yes I am a bit weak when it comes to chilis) however, they supply the tray of condiments of chili flakes fish sauce etc if you want to push it up a notch personally.THE FOODPenang curry (gai-chicken): very creamy and tasty rich yellow curry and the chicken was done perfectly.Morning glory/water spinach: this wasnt on the menu, however it is the go to vegetable dish anytime we are in thailand, we were very happy they could make it for us was very very tasty, spicy and freshMongolian beef: not quite thai but tasty a little on the sweet sideTom yum goong soup: quite nice and tasty not too sour, very nice in a hot pot to keep it nice and hot.Fish cakes: very good taste, texture we would like for it to be a bit more crispy on the outside, but the taste was definitely like back in thailand and we were happy and they disappeared quickly (think i sucked mine down too fast)Green tea ice cream: not overpowering green tea tasted fresh and well done and home madeCoconut ice cream : very cream and coconutty.We will go again and i was a bit of a gawker at other people's food.  Want to try the mint chili noodles and fish fishes as well as the mango sticky rice dessert.  We will be going back and soon.  I think Gary is already going back the next day.Great find and we were very happy with everything.  I rarely do a 5 star as something for 5 stars has to be the best of the best of something, and for thai food, my 5 star ratings are for food carts on the side of the road in bangkok while choking on exhaust fumes so go figure.
4	We read the reviews and decided to go. It was very good! We liked the outdoor seating and large indoor seating. We had 3 different plates and they were all Good. You can visit dressy or casual. Their interior very Thai, but not over the top. Can't wait to go again.
3	Friday night, last minute texts... Let's hit Pin Kaow since we've never been. 8:30, see you there.We opted to sit on the patio and take advantage of the breezy, cooler summer night and, because of that choice, were seated right away. Bonus!Water was brought out immediately and our table was dressed for three. The waitress and busser were friendly and helpful, asking if it was our first visit and making recommendations based on what we liked from other places/cuisines.- Curry puffs- Edamame- Thom Ka Koong- Panang curry (shrimp)- Pad thai (chicken)- Garlic (pork)The puffs were good and reminded me of an Indian samosa (unsurprising, as I believe it's a regional thing). The one part I would have liked to be different was that it have more of a thai flair to it... a twist on the spice, or a sauce? Really tasty, but I wanted something with more curry and more puff.The edamame was, well, edamame. Needed salt. Still, it was fresh and hot (temperature) and good.The Thom Ka Koong (galangal, shrimp) soup was tasty. The downside was that I asked for a 7 out of 10 on the spice request (never having been there, I didn't want to go too far without knowing how heavy handed they were)... and what I got was more like a 4-ish. Good soup, bummer on the spice factor. I really think it would have made it pop that much more for me.The pad thai was about what I expected, plentiful, and the protein was super tender. Not very spicy, but it wasn't mine to order. For the 3 or 4 she requested, it was done right. Decent dish.The panang was very good. I could have used more spice (again I asked for a 7, got a 4ish), and I would have liked more of the curry sauce for the amount of shrimp and veggies I was given. Don't take away anything, but definitely give more of what I am ordering. Flavors were spot on, texture was perfect, and it was well put together overall.The garlic pork was beyond tender, heavy on the garlic (yay!) and about the 4-5 spice level he ordered. The veggies were crisp or tender as appropriate and the whole dish was executed well. Definitely some "gotta try this" moments as we passed around forks and shared.We opted out of dessert and they brought us some really fresh (and creatively presented) cut oranges and other fruit as a refresher. Juicy, fresh, cooling. Perfect.All that food, and a bottle of wine, and I think it was maybe $100 for the three of us? We were quite happy with what we ate, the service, and the price tag. Not the best in town, but for what it is? Totally A-OK and definitely worth repeating. (And, they deliver? Hmmmm...)
4	All the flavors that I'm use to;  turned down a few notches mind you, but all and all, I'm going to have to give this place a "good shit" rating!!However, you're going to be paying way too much for the food.  So, would I go back....? Probably not.. just cause I can find better for less and can make the majority of my favorites at home.
4	Just enough food for lunch, nice location, attentive staff. I'd go back!
3	Hard for me to give this place a straight forward rating: Used to eat at the rainbow location a handful of years back, and both have went down in quality from what I remember, and up in price. Not saying the quality is low, but that I remember it to be amazing, and now its ''good.'' I eat thai often, and will go here for a safe and sure meal. Just remember what it was and how it is now, so I have to give it 3. ( Really wish the curry portions were larger)  : ) Still good food.
2	The food here is awesome, however if you request to sit outside which my wife likes to at places, DO NOT expect to get good service here.  The service inside is awesome and we have never been disappointed, however the last two times we have sat outside the service has been a HUGE F which is sad for a place with such great food and a beautiful patio.   Very very sad.....I even talked to my daughter who had recently been here with a friend and they sat outside and were forgotten.  I am telling you the food here is 5 STARS and the service inside is 5 STARS, however, so much attention is given to the inside customers there is little to no communication between the hostess and the server and if you are outside you are forgotten.  This is one reason for the 2 stars on this visit.  The other reason is that I ordered the Silver Noodle soup which was supposed to come with chicken and I was very disappointed to see that it only had 3 pieces for the entire bowl.  My wife had the Tom Tom soup which also came with chicken and the portion in her soup was well worth the price.  So the 2 reasons for the 2 stars on this visit are the SERVICE (OUTSIDE POOR, 2 TIMES for me, ONCE for my daughter), so this should tell you that OUTSIDE SEATING is a NO for this place if you desire to be served in a timely manner without having to wave someone down or get up and ask for help.  The other is the lack of substance in the Silver Noodle Dish.  Otherwise, this is a place you should try.
4	Pin Kaow got the Beef Jerky Pow!!  This restaurant is definitely better than the average "Thai BBQ" that everyone is so fond of.  Came here on a Saturday night, enjoyed the open air in their dining patio and enjoyed 6 very different dishes that were Thai Tasty.  Their Beef Jerky was not to be reckoned with!  It was sweet and salty, crunchy and tender, and paired perfectly with their sticky rice.  We also enjoyed Tom Yum Kha which packed a delightful sour punch, the mango salad with fried tofu was fresh, the original Phad Thai classic, the Sea Bass at its finest and some kind of shrimp with fried garlic which passed the test.  The service here was exceptional.  All staff were costumed with Thai Garments, the decor had that Far East Flare, both which boosted the restaurants authenticity.I recommend this place to anyone who needs a hunger fix.  I'll definitely be making my second rounds!
3	Good food. Atmosphere is a little dark and outdated though. Delivery always takes over an hour!
2	The problem with Pin Kaow 3 is mostly one of inconsistency--the hallmark of a mediocre restaurant. I've had one 2-star dinner, one 3-star dinner and one 1-star dinner at Pin Kaow 3, all having ordered the same exact meal, tofu panang. This time around, after an astoundingly bad 1-star dinner, I felt compelled to put in my two cents and warn the internet. I've had very, very good panang curries via Archie's on the west side and Komol on E. Sahara Avenue. It's my favorite Thai dish and I've cultivated a pretty discerning taste for it done right.Pin Kaow 3 can't seem to do much right here. This time around, the green beans in the panang were severely undercooked; the curry sauce almost nonexistent on top of being watery, bland and flavorless (we requested a level "5" on the 1-10 heat scale and got nothing near medium heat); not to mention the fact that we had to pay an extra $2 to have broccoli, mushrooms and bamboo shoots added to the meal. For an extra $2 worth of vegetables (which places like Komol load your plate with happily, at $8.95 a plate for tofu & veggie panang), Pin Kaow delivers a mediocre, overpriced ($12.95 for about a cup and a 1/2 of curry) dish--not to mention the fact that your pricey $2 veggies consist of about two stalks of broccoli, four small mushrooms and a some shards of bamboo shoots. Very disappointing. I'm done giving chances to a restaurant that--no matter how convenient the location--can't deliver consistently good, reasonably priced Thai. There are too many other restaurants that can and do, easily.
4	We went to Pin Kaow tonight with my friend's mom. She's never had Thai before and we come here a lot. The service is always decent at the place, they are good about filling water and checking on you without being intrusive. His mom and I both got Chicken Pad Thai- I got a 5 spicy, she got 0. He got something veggie, I can't remember. Their pad thai is consistently good- it's really hard to screw up though. She really liked it and we'll keep coming back. It's a convenient location, good service, and never super busy.
4	I wouldn't have guessed there was good Thai food in Las Vegas.  Before I go into that, the only dish I was disappointed in was their phad see ew.  I thought the dish was bland and I probably was not used to ordering this with chicken.  I have only had this with beef.  Ok but besides that, their curry is super delicious.  That was hands down everyone's favorite dish.  Their barbecue chicken was perfection as well, with a nice crisp golden skin and tender juicy meat.    They serve a decent phad thai as well.
4	I like this restaurant.  Better than most Thai restaurants that I have been to.  Very good food.  Their Panang curry is the best I've had. Thank you.
4	Tried this place on a whim since it was convenient at the time.  Ended up being a great choice.  The service was excellent.  The food was wonderful.  Great fried rice and curry.  I am used to beef salad being served with lettuce type greens, but the beef salad here was served with shredded cabbage.  To my surprise, it worked!  What a great meal!
4	I came here with a Korean friend and he stated that it was some of the best Thai food he's ever had.  I must agree it was by far some of the best I've had as well.
4	Really well prepared food...fantastic service...as a local, for sure a new regular spot for us!
1	So this is my FIRST negative review ever. That is how bad it was. My sister and I were in the neighborhood and wanted Thai food. After reading some great reviews on yelp we thought Pin Kaow would be a good choice...NOT! This place is a complete JOKE!1st of all food is totally overpriced. I ordered Thai beef salad and Chicken Satay, they came out first. My sister also ordered Garlic Beef, it came almost  45 mins later...really? 45 mins? The beef was totally chewy and the Chicken Satay was pink on the inside. I was already done eating by the time her food came to the table. We thought they had just forgotten. The restaurant was not busy at all...(well now I know why).The server DID NOT check on us at all. They just dropped off the food and walked away. When the lady finally came over to ask us how we were doing she didn't even bother to clear any of the empty plates or refill the water. There is a serious miscommunication between the servers. One lady asked us if we wanted to order drinks when we first got seated, and 2 seconds later another came to ask the same question. Then when we asked for the check same thing one lady said do you want dessert then a guy came to ask the same question a minute later. It also took the guy an additional 15 mins to return with the change from the bill. If you are around this area and want Thai food save yourself and GO TO THAI HOUSE DOWN THE STREET!
4	Pad Thai Chicken is AWESOME! Only downside is that delivery time is usually an hour plus. Worth the wait though!
1	They should treat Asian customers the same way they treat their Non-Asian customers!I honestly think these people are discriminative against Asian customers. I have almost the exact same experience as Connie J did. I went here a few times and I loved it. The food was good and the setting was nice. Not until recently where I've seen a bit of change in the employees. 5 Customers came in after we sat down. 20 minutes later all 5 customers who came in after us got their food first, including the appetizers. We didn't even get our food yet. All 5 who came after us was of course, not Asian. They wanted to serve the non-asian customers better and give them great excellent customer service. But us asian don't deserve any, we don't write reviews. Okay..Regarding my order, I ordered a Pumpkin Curry, it was on their special menu. I swear I almost walk out of there and left, it took so long to get our food while I'm looking around and they were more focused on serving all these other customers and not us. They didn't even come tell us if our food will take longer, they should have let us know. Well, when I got my food, the pumpkin was hard, raw as if it was just chopped and tossed into the curry. My cousin's pad thai was hard to bite into. I felt like they just forgot about us and whipped up our plate in 5 minutes, it was the most horrible thai food I've ever eaten at Pin Kaow. The WORST! I paid them no tip, they didn't even bother coming to fill our water. One of the lady, supervisor or whatever pretends to be friendly with us after noticing how long we've waited for our food. I was in no mood to joke around, I was waiting so long and was angry that I was no longer hungry anymore. I was upset at how they service us.I felt like I was in there for the longest ever in my life at a restaurant, horrible.Food sucks, waiting time not worth it, customer service is horrible and if you're Asian, good luck!I left without tipping them and drew a sad face on the receipt.
4	I've always loved Pin Kaow and now that there is one close to me it makes it my favorite Thai place on this side of town.I ordered to go and the whole process was effortless. It was so easy and picking it up was just as easy. I think they have a pretty good system figured out here. As for the food, I ordered my usual favorite, Beef Pad See Ew (I'm a lover of chow fun). It was nice that it was ready when they said it was ready and they automatically give you a side of the jalapeno vinegar sauce without asking! I asked for not too spicy and this place definitely follows the not too spicy level. Thank goodness! Overall, food was delicious as usual and even better with the jalapeno sauce. Pin Kaow has definitely won me over and I will be back!
4	I didn't eat anything here. The challenge, then, is writing a fair review without actually eating the food...Well, I'm always up for a challenge.Came here around noon with a bunch of tired friends in a good mood (yeah, we just had a test in the morning). We asked to be seated in the patio area, and they obliged. The decor indoors, by the way, seemed pretty nice. Kinda understated wooden interior with "Asian" decorations, employees dressed in seemingly traditional Thai wear (I'm not Thai, so don't ask), and somewhat quiet atmosphere, actually... no music that I can remember.Outside was pretty awesome though. It was like a garden combined with an outdoor cafe, with quite a decent amount of plants, tablecushioned metal seats, and a surprisingly quite atmosphere for being in what's essentially a strip mall off Eastern. I imagine those lights would've been nice at night, although those fans are probably of limited use in the desert summer...Service was fast and efficient. We didn't have to wait more than a few minutes to place orders, which was a pleasant contrast to my recent experiences at some other restaurants. After maybe 5 minutes, they brought out the soups, and 10 or 15 minutes later they had the main orders ready. Not bad for a table of 8 (not counting the weirdo sitting around without food). It seemed like everybody was enjoying their food (or maybe they were just tired) from the limited conversation that took place after the food arrived, although nobody ventured that the food was spectacular. Then again, they didn't say that it sucked, so that's a good sign.I glanced at someone's receipt and the bill was about $10 for one of the lunch menu items (before tip I think), which seems reasonable for a quality sit-down place. That lunch menu, by the way ,is pretty handy: pick one of the standard dishes such as pad thai or curry, customize with choice of meat and I think a side (I didn't pay attention since I wasn't ordering), and enjoy. I'd certainly like to try the food some time, and it might've been today if I hadn't made plans with a friend to get me somewhere else.
4	I must say this is one of my favorite thai places in town.  Unless, I havent gone to a thai restaurant that is better than pin kaow.  The decor is very intricate and different from any other thai restaurants I have been. What I usually order:Crab rangoonThai BBQ & Thai TeaAll three items is delicious and not too pricey.  The service is wonderful and I hardly every have to request for refills for my drink, since they are pretty adamant in checking up on you throughout your time there. Also, from the friends I have been they would order curry and they love it and especially since they are not really a big fan of asian food.
3	I haven't been to Pin Kaow in ages. I've been to all the locations around town, but have never been a big fan. There are just so many options in town that are exceedingly better. That's not to say Pin Kaow isn't good, but it's just good, not amazing.I came here with coworkers for lunch last week. They have some good lunch specials that come with soup and your choice of salad or eggroll and wonton. I decided on the pad thai with steamed tofu and salad. They gave me the option of steamed or fried tofu, love it! The soup was just ok, not really necessary. It lacked depth and flavor. My pad thai was a good size portion. Tasty and a solid dish. I wish the spice levels were better. My dish had no spice to it at all and I heard the same complaints from my tablemates. If I ever come again, I'll be ordering it much spicier. The salad was pretty good. I liked the dressing quite a bit, although they were a bit heavy handed with it. I might ask for it on the side next time. Overall, Pin Kaow is solid, but there are definitely better Thai options in town. The decor, service and ambiance are quite nice, so if it's a nice atmosphere you seek, you get it here.
4	I've been here several times because they always give me a reason to return. The Mongolian beef is juicy and made with plenty of peppers if you ask. The pineapple fried rice with raisin is a unique take on a well known dish , well worth trying if you're tired of the same old fried rice. The chowmein is good but typical westernized style Thai. I like the papaya salad here but I prefer the one at Satay Bistro. The green curry is pretty fantastic-- it comes with plenty of meat, bamboo shoots and of course, flavor. I've enjoyed their tom Khar kai (coconut milk soup) on several occasions. It's creamy, tangy, and delicious. I'm also familiar with their red curry-- an important staple at any Thai establishment. The staff is polite and respectful and  the interior and exterior are both beautiful. Good place for a date, good service and great food with generous serving sizes. If you haven't already,  you should really come down and dine here.
4	Overall it is ok, we ordered Tom yum soup, masama beef curry and pineapple fried rice, a little bit disappointed about masama beef, the curry soup base tastes good, but the beef doesn't taste that good,and the presentation of the dish is not great either , they should at least put some green basil leave in it, right now it looks plain, there are just some beef and potato in it. The Tom yum soup tasted really good,would recommend to anyone.
4	This time I tried pan see eew with tofu and it was pretty good. a bit greasy but good.  I guess I have to factor in the fact that I had not eaten all day so everything tasted good at this point.D had basil chicken and it was ok.the thai iced coffee was good.our server was quite busy and though she did not come back to check how everything was, she was around to bring us hot sauce when we needed it.
5	This place is awesome. It's clean, nice, and best of all the service was great. I ordered the masaman and my man ordered the pad Thai. Both dishes deserved an award. Lol
1	Great food, but terrible service! They screw up but are unwilling to back it up. Terrible business practice! I won't be going back, And I was a long standing loyal customer!
4	If you have been to one Thai restaurant then you have been to them all, right?Wrong.  Pin Kaow is to regular Thai places what Gordon Ramsay Steak is to burger joints...different ball park, different night, different game.Now, I do have to admit that the decor and ambiance are very similar to many of the other Thai restaurants that I have experienced across the country.  In fact, many of these places seem to be designed and outfitted by the same person or company.  The staff at Pin Kaow is friendly, polite and professional.  The will work with you on areas of concern regarding the menu; in particular levels of heat desired for each dish.The food is just light years better than any Thai food I have ever had.  I used to live near NYC, I have lived in Miami and Washington DC and this is quite frankly, the best Thai food I have ever had.Fried Catfish Curry was absolutely spot on.
4	I do like the food here but don't like the pricing.  I do feel it is a little pricy but we're probably paying for the decor the traditional uniform the staff wears.  I would give this place a 5th star if the prices were a little more decent.  Either way, a great place for your Thai food cravings!
4	Pin Kaow 3 is a great Thai restaurant which does not leave anyone craving Thai food disappointed. The staff is friendly and they are usually pretty busy during the evening hours so prepare ahead of time for a wait or try and avoid the evening rush. The prices are fair and the portions are fair as well but not overly filling as you should be ordering family style. Some of my favorite dishes include, catfish delight, any and all of the curries and their ribs. Granted there are many more items on the menu that are just as awesome but I have yet to try.Overall, a solid four star rating.
1	I have eaten here several times because I was craving Thai food but did not want to drive all the way to Komol because I was tired/it was too late. This is the alternative that I order out. I like ordering laap kai, tom yum and tom kha kai soup. The first time I came here I ordered tom yum soup and it was mostly water with barely any vegetables or meat. It was such a rip off that I felt insulted. Did they want me to sip water or eat? I wondered if they were trying to make a point about me ordering a bowl instead of hot pot. With the laap kai, there is no flavor or spice, also very disappointing. And when I've ordered tom kha kai soup it's mostly coconut milk, again no spice or flavor. It looks white/cream colored. When I order the same soup from Komol it's absolutely beautiful with oranges, yellows, and reds in it and the flavor is incredible. At Komol the top of the soup seriously looks like blown glass art. I'm not asking them to be as good as Komol, but they don't even come half way there and they're overpriced on top of that. If I was to come here experiencing thai food for the first time, I would think thai food was boring and bland.
4	Everyone has an opinion about good Thai food, and I think Pin Kaow is awesome.I've yet to eat anything here that was not fantastic. Some of my favorites are the satays, Penang curry and chili mint noodles. The food is legit, but the ambiance and service are spot on too. The servers are very friendly and attentive, and even though Pin Kaow is usually busy when I've been there, I've never had to wait long for the food to arrive. Really good for ordering dishes to share family style (if your group can agree on a spiciness level). This is the only Pin Kaow location I've tried, but I'd definitely be open to hitting up the others in the future.
3	I first ate here several years ago when I was simply Thai-curious and not in a full blown relationship with Thai food as I am now.The first time I went to Pin Kaow was all about discovery and I ordered the Pad Thai as it was the dish I'd heard most about.  I probably should have gone with something a little more adventurous or exciting but I wasn't that kind of guy back then!  The Pad Thai was okay, maybe a little boring.  I spent a little more than I thought it was worth but looking back on it now it was a cheap first date considering what this love has blossomed into.On further visits when I was much more experienced having visited other Thai mistresses such as LOS, Prommares, Weera, and Archi (?!), I tried other dishes like the Salmon Chu-Chee (Salmon in Red Curry), Spicy Basil with Pork, Thai Beef Salad, Crying Tiger Beef, and the Tom Yum Koong hot pot (a VERY good version).   I always walk away satisfied leaving my money and tip on the table, but cant help but think of the more exotic offerings I've been exposed to at the equivalent in price Lotus  or the cheaper Weera.  I've found myself slowly weening off of Pin Kaow as the months pass, only visiting her on occasions where I find it convenient.   Don't worry though, I'll try to remember to write once in a while.
4	Good:Ambiance is superior to any other medium range Thai restaurants in town.  Greeter, Seater, and Waiters- they all look and they all behave Thai.  You will feel the ethnicity in their service.  I cannot compare and grade food to real Thai food only because I'm neither of Thai-origin nor I've traveled to Thailand before.  Having said that, the food I've ordered at Pin Kaow was cooked to my liking and it tasted good.  No complaints there.Bad:There isn't anything that I would complain about. Bottom line:I'm very impressed with this place that I will definitely go back to this place more than few times in the near future.
2	I will start off by saying the probably 30 times I have been here, only once was the food not satisfactory (it was burned). The food is amazing, good portions for a great price. Why on 2 stars you ask? The service. I can't even begin to tell you how terrible the service is. I will tell today's story since it is the worst yet. We get seated and were completely ignored for 10 minutes. Our waitress came, told us she was going to take a table of 15 people's order then ours. So our order got pushed back. That was the last time I saw the waitress, which I guess was good for her because that got me angry to start with. I was on my lunchbreak with coworkers and was looking for a quick meal. I should have left then, but stayed. The manager came and took our order, half an hour later, they brought out everyone's meal but one. She was obviously without a meal and we all made eye contact with both the manager and our waitress multiple times, who completely our attempts to even converse with them about the issue. Finally, one of us got up to ask. No apology, they just hadn't brought it out. So it was just sitting in the kitchen getting cold, while our food got cold being respectful and waiting for everyone to recieve their food. Food was amazing so I wasn't angry during that, except we never got our water filled because we were completely ignored by the man filling up waters. That was his entire job and he failed at it miserably. The soda I paid $3 for? Never refilled either. We then had to go ask for our tabs, which of course they messed up. They haven't done one thing right the whole time, why start now? While waiting for our checks to be picked up, a lady brought over 3 new checks for us. Thanks, but you're about 15 minutes late. I spoke to the manager, who has seen me come in almost every time, and nicely explained I was not happy with the service. Her response? A smile. My response? Well you just lost my office's business. As well as a tip. Well I do have a tip, Get a new job.
4	I have to say as far as Thai food goes here, this is the best ive had so far. Have to take off a star for flavor though because when i ordered my papaya salad, i asked for level 5 thinking like 5 peppers, medium spicy. It had NO SPICE at all. Was disapointed. Other than that, the foods great!
1	I wish I could give 0 stars. I went back today to give them another try. The service was so disgusting I walked out. (Before getting my food). So disgusted by them. BEWARE. You will get treated like absolute shit.
5	Several of my friends and I had lunch there yesterday. We hadn't been there in quite a while but the food is still awesome. My Larb  salad with ground pork was absolutely delicious. Lots of cilantro and line just the way I like it.The Tom Yum Kai soup is perfect, couldn't be any better. We tasted each other's dishes and I have to say the Mongolian beef was out of this world. Will get that next time.  Everyone agreed that the Pad Thai was about as good as it could get.Service here is wonderful, very attentive and very efficient. The decor  is truly beautiful. If the weather permits, and it usually will, sit outside on their courtyard - intimate and very comfortable. We had forgotten how good this place can be.We're going back for dinner next week so will post photos then.
4	This review is short and simple.1. The food was very good. The rice was very good, my yellow curry was very good, my wife's shrimp dish was very good. And by very good, very tasty.2. And this is by far the cleanest Asian restaurant we have visited in several years - no dust, no food scraps left under the table, clean walls, everything spotless. The windows, sculptures, decor and everything else - gleaming. And the restrooms amazingly immaculate. 3. The only downside. While the hostess was good, our waitress was not attentive, opting to be playful with some of her co-workers on the far side of the cash register area, as opposed to waitressing customers. At one point, we asked another waitress for hot water for the hot tea. Noting a similar review on the service, I do not doubt their assessment in this regard. 4. Neither bad nor good, the portion amount is 'right-size', no more, and the cost, not inexpensive but not expensive ~ about $40 for us both.
5	Amazing Thai Food! Great Service, quiet dining & great prices. My kids LOVE the patio :-)
1	Very sad!Maybe I ordered the wrong item as it is Chinese not Thai but it was pathetic .Wor won ton $12 for 2 shrimps 2 pieces of pork some chicken and bok Choy I sent it back telling them it had nothing in it , and I got it back w more cabbage . DishwaterTea in a mug w a bag!
4	Second time here for lunch... the first time was so good, I came back!The first time I had the Tom Yum Kai soup, egg rolls and pot stickers, my daughters and I all shared. We all 3 enjoyed it. Great tasting soup, crispy eggrolls and the pot stickers were pan fried just right. Last week, I took my father here for lunch. They have several lunch specials to choose from... i ordered the pad thai, just the right amount of spice and sweetness, nice size portion served with soup, egg roll & wonton. Soup of the day was chicken tofu.. pretty basic, chicken stock, a little bit of ground chicken & tofu. My dad ordered the Ginger Beef, it looked and smelled delicious, and tasted great.. Tender pieces of beef, mixed with vegetables in an oyster sauce seasoned with ginger. Yum. Atmosphere is nice, staff was friendly and helpful in ordering..Only complaint, we had a dirty knife in our table setting.
3	Pretty good!  Now that the weather is changing they have outside seating which I'll try next time.  It's a little pricey for dinner, in my opinion, with most meals being around $20 and not including anything but the meal and white rice.  Their decor is very authentic with lots of cabinetry work which is interesting to look at.I was surprised at how many people where there on a Tuesday night around 7 pm.  Parking was a pain in the butt, I drove around for a bit before I found a spot.We started with the curry puff fried dough awesome goodness!  It was very tasty!  My friend got the Basil Steak and Noodles spice level 8, it was so spicy I barely could eat it. He was sweating and didn't finish it all, I think he was unable to b/c of the heat, but he's a dude so he would never outwardly admit defeat!  I got the Shrimp and Scallops in Garlic Sauce on the advice of the waiter.  Presentation was very nice and it did have a garlic flavor but I felt the dish lacked some depth to it, every bite was essentially the same.  The scallops were mushy and undercooked, they definitely were frozen prior, I picked them out [see pix]. I've had curry there before and it was pretty good, so I think next time I'll stick w/ that.Our waiter had too many tables. He was running around trying to service them all but it was next to impossible. And of course they were all spaced out.  We waited for drinks, we waited for food, we waited on him to wait on other tables, I even noticed other tables were waiting on him to wait on other tables.Couple of drinks, 2 dishes, 1 app, bill was ~$75 with tip
5	What a surprise, I have driven past many times and never thought to go in well that was a mistake. Went with two others and every ones food was excellent service was the best I've hade in a long time and the price for the quality was spot on. Can't wait for my next visit.
4	The menu is vast and we've had a good sampling of it over the years including Tom Ka Koong, Tom Ka Kai, Larb salad, pot stickers, and fried trout lemon grass. All of which I would recommend without hesitation. I've eaten the red, green and panang curries which are usually all good. On my last trip I ordered the panang curry and it was a bit disappointing as the chicken and green beans were over cooked and a bit short on the red pepper slices. The walls are finished with wood paneling and carvings which are 1 part traditional and 1 part dated but its a nice break from the ultra hip granite steel and marble of vegas' upscale dining scene. Well known tunes from the last 3 decades seep out of the speakers at a level which doesn't interfere with conversations. Even at near capacity, the room is still quiet enough to feel relaxed but energized.I requested booth seating and the hostess guided me to the one remaining spot. Gracious considering that several parties came in after me and I was taking up a four top alone. Years ago when I first found Pin Kaow, service was slow and you likely had to ask when you were ready for your check. It seems that feedback from customers has shaped the restaurant into a more western service style, wait staff make frequent visits and your check comes as soon as  you are finished. The jury's still out on whether this is an improvement as there's something to be said about the Thai pace of dinner. I thanked the waitress for bringing me a chang with one of four mangled Thai phrases I've memorized. She pressed her palms together in an elegant wai and said "kaa". The shift ended for my waitress and my desert was served by a waiter who was just as polite. The manager kept an eye on all tables and greeted customers as they were seated. If you live in Henderson or South Vegas this restaurant is easy to reach and prices, food and service all rate well. Bookmark now and stop in for dinner some time. They also have a well placed outdoor seating area. Saa-waa-dee kaap.
5	Pin Kaow has the best Thai food I have ever had!!!!  I no longer live in Las Vegas and I miss it so much.  I have tried every Thai restaurant in my new area and none come close to Pin Kaow.  Every time I come back to Vegas to visit family I eat here as much as I can because it is so good!!!  Keep up the good work : )
5	Love the food here. Not much I don't like but the beef jerky is amazing and so is the chicken mint dish.
4	I was so happy to hear that a close friend was in town.  I asked him to join me for lunch one and his response was that he was in the mood for Thai food.  I knew there was only one place we could go that was close to both of us and offered a really great menu.  Yes, Pin Kaow!!This place is located in a HUGE strip mall along with other great places like BJs.  The restaurant is dark with lots of wood: blinds, walls, counter space, you name it. The smell of incense fills the air and the bar is a dramatic focal point with a mock roof top. The place is filled with wooden sculptures of koi fish, lots of Thai tribal designs on the wall and between the booths, all of it is super cool. Servers are dressed in authentic Thai outfits with lots of light orange and green colors.  I thought they were super nice and always checked on our table frequently.  I also liked how everyone pitched in.  Our drink order was taken by one server.  Our food order was taken by another.  Other servers would come by the check on us and I thought that was cool.  On this visit, although it was during my lunch break, I got a glass of the Altanuta Pinot Grigio for $8.95. I thought it was light and crisp, the way Grigio should taste like.  For my lunch, I got the lunch special chicken Pad Thai with a Thai salad for $8.95. The Pad Thai was awesome.  I got a number 4 in the spicy range.  The rice noodles were accompanied with fresh bean sprouts and crushed peanut in Thai special recipe sauce. The salad components were romaine and shredded carrots, super typical.  What I really liked was the Thai vinaigrette dressing.  I made the salad refreshing and flavorful.  Such great company and great food.  Definitely want to check out Pin Kaow if you ever have a Thai craving.  There's three locations around the valley.  This location is the only location I've been too, but I love it!  Super convenient, great staff and food that's YUM-O!
5	Great Thai spot!!! everything was delicious! Crispy Rice Salad - great snack for drinking! My favorite dish of all because it kept its crunciness well.Duck Fried Rice - as good as it getsLettuce wrap - nothing special
4	One of the best Thai restaurants i've been to
5	Decided to have dinner here and catch up with a girlfriend of mine. Since it was conveniently located on Eastern between Silverado Ranch and Serene we both decided to eat here.Location is pretty good easy to spot it's in the same shopping center as Bjs restaurant.As we entered we were greeted with a happy smile with the staff in their authentic native thai clothing. The entire restaurant gave that Thai feel and the ambiance was amazing too as well. Not to loud and you can easily hold a conversation at your table without screaming.We ordered the Chinese broccoli with chicken which was delicious. Been loving the greens lately since i'm on a special diet.Next we also ordered the pineapple fried rice mixed with cashews, raisins , and pineapple literally served on a pineapple. Really awesome!.For another entree we ordered the Sea Bass which was to die for, it was incredible delicious, it better be it was pricey and from BangkokFor noddles we decided to have the Silver Noodle Salad, a bit too spicy for me but still really good.We were both kind of disappointed since the mango salad was not available. They only have it during mango season time,For drinks we had a lycee martini which was really good it did not even taste like alcohol and also Thai coffee.. bomb digidy also!For dessert we decided to have the fried banana with coconut ice cream! I really loved it! Specially the coconut ice cream, it tasted the same in Thailand.As far as authenticity of the food it tastes exactly the same in Thailand.I would love to go back to this place and suggest it to everyone. I also heard there is live entertainment on the weekends so I might go back and check it out.
2	We gave Pin Kaow another shot, mainly due to Lotus of Siam being closed for lunch on the weekends. Disappointing yet again, and this may very well have been the last time we went here.We had the Tom Yum Koong hotpot, which was fine except for the shrimp being terribly overcooked. We had two of the "Chef's Specialities", The Shrimp & Silver Noodles Claypot and the "Gulf of Thailand" seafood mix.The noodles were all caked together into a solid mess, the shrimp were just as overcooked as in the hotpot, and the bacon on the bottom consisted of globs of fat and bits of meat hard a shoe leather. The whole dish was very greasy.The "Gulf of Thailand" must have recently suffered a massive oil spill, because the dish was greasy beyond belief. Shrimp, you guessed it, terrible overcooked. Are they using pre-cooked shrimp here and toss them into the dishes to reheat them ? The scallops were mushy and fishy.Soup, two entrees, tea came out to over 50 bucks. Ridiculous, given the food "quality". I can't for the life of me understand why readers vote this place over Lotus of Siam for "Best of Las Vegas". At least our visit reminded us why we rather drive an hour round trip to Lotus of Siam than to visit this place three blocks from our house.
2	Ambiance and decor = 4 starsCustomer service in regards to greeting with a smile when people entered = 4 starsFood: Beef Satay, Tom Ka Shrimp, Pad Thai w/ chicken, Pad See Ew with beef, Eggplant & tofu, Crab fried rice was ok = 3 stars.  Mediocre at best.Take out service = 1 star or ZERO if Yelp's rating had "zero"!  When the order was taken over the phone, we were told it would be ready in 15 min.  We even arrived nearly a half an hour after our order was placed.   AND when we got there we still waited another  ~25min.  Why tell people the food will be ready at a certain time... and then make them wait longer than ~10min???The hostess smiled and blamed the soup for taking so long... well she should have told us it would be ready in ~45min and not in ~15.  My brother did say they apologized for the wait.  Well thankfully I don't live in Vegas, so I won't have to experience this again any time soon.
1	3$ for brown rice! A rip off!  I ordered basil shrimp and got mint shrimp instead.  The rice came midway through my entree after asking twice for the brown rice.  One it arrived, it was dry and smelled old.
5	I am addicted to their green curry! I highly highly recommend it.  I get it to go at times, twice a week.  There's never a long wait.  My food is ready every time I go in.  The staff is very kind & gracious.  This Thai place has to only be second to Lotus of Siam in all of Las Vegas.
2	Edit 2/17/13 -- My boyfriend and I headed to Pin Kaow 3 for a local bite before heading downtown for the evening...what a mistake! The service was painfully slow and we waited for 20 minutes for our water. Our curry took another 20 minutes and our waitress never came back to check on us. Boo. Pin Kaow is a stones throw away from my place so when I came down with the flu I called them up for my go to, feel better,  stand by of tom ka kai with side of sticky rice. Too bad the soup was a tiny little portion and it was so salty and thick  I ended up thinning it out with water. Definitely not the kind of hassle you want when you feel crumm-ola. I ended up paying $12 total for about one cup of soup and a small side of sticky rice. Bums. On the bright side, the sticky rice was warm and delish.
5	I love the cream cheese tempura and pumpkin curry.   Oh yes!
2	Went here for the first time to meet a friend.  It was Sunday (Super Bowl) afternoon so the place was understandably empty.  We were greeted by four (4) staff members and was seated right away.  We were the only customers.  Wasn't planning on pigging out because I wanted to catch the game.  We ordered our drinks, Thai Iced Coffee and diet Coke, as we sat down.   We ordered pretty much the same dish, my friend ordered Beef Pad See Ewe, and I ordered Beef Rad Na (basically, pad see ewe soup). The drinks came quite quickly.  The drinks were in cocktail glasses and personally i thought they were a tad small for one serving.  The coffee was MEH!  Didnt feel the caffeine kick at all.  The food came and of course they looked identical because the only difference was that the other was dry, and the other, a soup-like dish.  The servings were MEH!.  Normally, a dish could be easily shared by two, but their servings weren't even enough for one adult.  I think they cooked both our orders the same time, in the same pot and just divided in half and poured sauce on the other.  My friend wasn't hungry but he finished and cleaned his plate (that tells you how small the serving was). Taste, flavoring, spice, heat and seasoning were a-OK.  I had much better, and a lot more, Thai food in other Thai restaurants.  Service was OK.  I was just wondering how come we were never served water, or was there a need to ask for it?  I don't think I'll be coming back here considering the many choices I have around the valley.
4	The food was delicious but the place was very noisy and the service much to be desired. However I would still recommend it because of the food!
1	This place use to be great but on Monday night I called to have some food delivered I called at 4:30 the women on the phone was so rude I should have just hung up and called another place!! But I did not she told me I would not get the food until around 6 I said fine so we waited around 5:50 our food arrived I placed everything on the table and opened it up everything was room temp I was shocked! How dare them have us wait and to serve our food cold. I called them and the rude lady answered the phone again did not want to transfer me to manager finally she did but the manager did not even care all she kept say was what do you want me to do?? ignorant people work here and have no clue on what customer service is I WILL NEVER EVER GO BACK AGAIN 55.00 bucks down the drain this place SUCKS!!!
1	I assume they don't do substitutions or alterations on menu items. I asked for a tofu substitute and coconut milk substitute on two items for dietary reasons and both requests could not be carried out. The only request I WAS able to get was black coffee. And I think I wasn't supposed to be permitted that either so thank you to my server for making it happen.Vegan, vegetarian or if you have any other dietary restrictions then beware. You will probably be limited to whatever is printed on the menu. The Mango Salad  was decent and savory. The spice level was slightly mild, you may want to consider ordering up a number from usual. (Spice rating is 1 -10) Service is ok, kid friendly as others have mentioned. No water. If you want water you have to specifically order it.
4	Friday...can't eat meat due to Lent.  Luckily, my awesome fiance suggest Pin Kaow.  We ordered-Papaya Salad: We ordered a 5 out of 10 spicy, gosh it was super spicy.  We were diligent in picking out the shreds of bird's eye chili.-Tom Yum Goong:  We ordered a 6 out of 10, but it was not as spicy as the Papaya Salad...it was perfect.  When it arrived at our table, I fished out 8 pcs of medium to large size shrimps out  and put them on a small plate.  I realized I do not like overcooked shrimps.  Fishing them out will stop the cooking process.  The soup by far is my favorite.-Crab Fried Rice: The most delicious crab fried rice, out of all other Thai places that I have tried.  There are lumps of crab meat in this mix.  So good!At the end of the meal, they bring out a small plate of orange wedges.  The server wasn't very attentive.  She wasn't so friendly either...but the food is good!
5	First time visiting this place for dine-in. After the experience I had I will hopefully be back many times in the near future. Service and food was spectacular. I got the Masaman Curry with chicken and may friend ordered the Pad Thai noodles with shrimp. We also ordered the Pineapple fried rice. There was so much flavor in everything that we were in heaven. The pineapple fried rice actually is served in half a pineapple which was different. Good company and good food. Cant ask for more.
4	Myself and two others ordered take-out here today.  Take-out service was quick and easy. Our food was ready on the counter when I arrived.We ordered the lunch specials:Pad Thai chickenRed Curry chickenGinger dish chickenPad Thai portion was pretty generous.  Served with peanuts in a separate small container and with the bean sprouts to the side (small thing, but nice of them). I got spice level 7/10 which was a little milder than I would've liked.  But overall, tasted great.  The two others liked their dishes as well.  Only downside is they wouldn't substitute for brown rice or type of curry on the Lunch specials.
4	I just came back here after a rather long absence and felt the place deserved an upgrade. Still not my favorite Thai place in town, but they are solid and the service is great. Also, a little disappointed by their spice levels. I ordered a five and it felt more like a 2. I'll definitely kick up the heat on my next visit. Liberal with drink refills and cleared plates quickly as well.
2	I love Pink Kaow # 2 on South Rainbow.  For some reason, the quality of the food, and most importantly, the quality of service is up to par and should be followed by Pin Kaow 3.  Pin Kaow 3 quality of food is 2 stars compared to Pin Kaow 2. Pin Kaow 3 quality of service is 1 star compared to Pin Kaow 2.  When we request for brown rice, the extra charge price has varied from $0.50 to $3.00; that makes no sense and is not good to advertise incorrect charges.  Not cool.  Because I work near by I always give it a shot here and its a hit or miss situation.  I'd rather go to # 2!  Better food and way better service!
4	So my review is judging by the food as we came and picked up to-go to take over to a friends house in the area. I must say this is the nicest looking Thai restaurant though when we came for our food.What we tried - Panang Chicken - this was decent, its a thicker curry sauce than usual though and had peppers and green beans with it. Just my preference that I don't like it as peanutty and thick. Pad Thai Tofu - they give you the option steamed or fried, but I went with fried. This was actually a rather good pad thai! Definitely liked this quite a bit. Spicy Basil Chicken - this was good, but it's a easy/ standard dish. Solid for what it is.  Chili Fried Rice Pork - pretty good fried rice as far as fried rice goes. It was interesting in that it has bell peppers and broccoli in it which I normally don't see along with tomato, basil and meat which I expected. We ordered everything with no spice since one of our friends can't tolerate any of it. They packed me up hot sauce, dried chili powder and jalapeno vinegar which was a nice touch when I asked for some hot sauce. I like my stuff spicy!We also got two orders of mango sticky rice and theirs was solid. It had a half mango and two squares of sticky rice per order so it was a good size. While it's a basic recipe, sometimes the basics are easy to screw up and theirs didn't disappoint. Portions were good. Everyone ( 4 adults, 2 kids) were all fed and happy with the food. I would say dine in or take out if you're in the area.
4	Really good Thai! I order the spiciest level they have and they do not let me down.  Nice restaurant and we have been there at least 20 times.
2	Had lunch there this week and I gotta say - I am just not sure why folks rave about Pin Kaow.  I've tried 2 of the 3 locations here in the valley and I am disappointed everytime I go and try it again.  Just doesn't seem super fresh and the chicken is pressed.  Not a fan.
5	I thought I knew what good Thai food was until I came here.A friend recommended we have dinner here as he loves this place. I just gotten out of Pilates class and wanted to eat something "healthy." To which Thai food, is as healthy as can be these days.He had gotten the pad-see-ew; and I got their Pin Kaow specialty catfish. Again, I wanted to stick to fish for the "healthy" part of my meal.The workers were extremely friendly considering the dinner rush was in full tow. While waiting on the entrees, I sipped on my thai ice tea to which I really REALLY liked. It wasn't as sweet as most places do it which is allllllllllllll good to me.Our food came; and let me tell you that the pad-see-ew was the best I've ever had. Not greasy, lots of flavor (not fat), and lots of veggies.The catfish came out and; to be quite honest, I didn't know what I expected but, it was the BEST THING EVER! I think it was WHOLE catfish oil fried (not to be mistaken with deep fried IN hot oil) and covered with lots of veggies and sauce. OHHHHHHHH, that sauce. It was the 1st time my friend had had it and he loved it, as well.The portions wer so large, I wound up taking the leftovers to my boyfriends where he and his roomies loved the fish, too!Since discovering Pin Kaow, I, literally, came here every day for a whole week to eat the pad-see-ew. I would eat the catfish but, that's something I wouldn't be able to finish on my own.
1	I love the pin kaow on lake mead on the west side. Been a loyal customer for over 6 years before the remodel. Decided to visit this location in Henderson and was extremely disappointed. The service is horrible. The server Beau is terribly rude and gave us attitude when we came in 20 minutes before closing. We wanted to go and he made us feel horrible after we kindly asked if it was still ok to get food on the run or if it would be an inconvenience. We've both been in the food and beverage industry and understand the etiquette when a restaurant is closing. But he made us feel unwelcomed and condescending. I usually love this company and their service is usually above par. I hope this changes because there are many competing Thai
5	I've been coming to Pin Kaow for a little over a year and I'll tell you it is more like PIN WOW. I don't think I can say it is the most authentic Thai restaurant in the game but I can definitely say it's my personal favorite. I've been here numerous times over the past year or so and I can't stop coming back. My girlfriend and I have always gone to this place and left completely and fully satisfied.First of all, the services from the staff is great. They have always been more than accommodating and attentive to the point where I feel like I'm being pampered. You never have to ask for a water refill, it's done before you can think otherwise. I've been there at varying hours of the day and I have never not been seated within 5-10 minutes at the most. Brilliant service, by people who seem like they actually enjoy being there. The food, ahh the food. The most important part of every restaurant, depending on whether or not you're that person that judges places off of the bathroom. I guess, in that case, this place is also pretty delightful. Anyway, my girlfriend and I usually get the same thing so this is my opinion on what we always get. To drink, it's either a a nice cold Chang Beer or the Thai Milk Tea. Both delicious and both delicious. I think I said delicious twice *smugface*We always order the Chicken Pad Thai, which is probably a stereotypical order at a Thai restaurant but trust me it's delicious. The pad thai is always accompanied by Black Bean Shrimp and the Mongolian Beef. You can choose your spicy level, from 1-10 I believe. I'm extra adventurous and cap out at spice number 5 and it's always just the right amount of spicy. All the entree's come with a side of rice, for you rice fanatics.The food is decently priced and I've never felt as if I'm stretching my wallet for dinner or lunch. All of that in mind, this is one of my favorite joints in the city. I'd recommend this place to anyone, unless you're a traditional Thai person. Because I have a Thai friend and the only place you can get "real" Thai food is "at my house." I've never been invited though, so until that fantasy happens I will continue being a proud and faithful Pin Kaow-er.
4	When I found out that they opened a Pin Kaow in Green Valley, I knew we had to stop on the way back to Phoenix for lunch.  Their other 2 locations are 2 of my favorite Thai restaurants on the planet.  Would Pin Kaow 3 be able to meet those standards...?  Why yes of course!Wifey had the Pad See Ew, $9.95 with Thai spice Level 3http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pin-kaow-3-henderson?select=cbiOvOJPrwGHF4ze14KgDw#cbiOvOJPrwGHF4ze14KgDwI had the Crispy Tofu Pad Thai, $9.95 with Thai spice Level 7http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pin-kaow-3-henderson?select=j4IyhsLwTvA4UeQo0CeLAw#j4IyhsLwTvA4UeQo0CeLAwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pin-kaow-3-henderson?select=jgl3PClGu3OzDDzj7_ujwg#jgl3PClGu3OzDDzj7_ujwgBoth dishes were awesome!  The Pad Thai was a delish as I remember it....and the Level 7 spice was perfect.  I was tempted to go Level 9 or 10, but I didn't want to press my luck.We devoured both of our dishes in no time.  Wish we had one in Phoenix.Return Factor - 90%
2	I went here with a work lunch, which took just over an hour.The atmosphere was wonderful, and the staff was very friendly. The menu seemed quite large, but they had a simple "lunch special" page that seemed to have a nice variety at good prices.I ordered the Red Curry with chicken, at a low-to medium spice level, and everyone else at my table ordered Pad Thai and the same Red Curry. The special came with a choice of salad or spring roll, and I ordered a spring roll, but received a Salad. The food came in a fairly staggered manner. There were five of us, and three of us received our food, (mine with the wrong side), then after about 5 minutes, a fourth dish came out, and after another 10, the 5th. Which short of left us with the "do I eat while this is hot, or wait and not be rude" conundrum. It ended up that they had confused the sides on the two curries, so I swapped with one of my co-workers, and it was not a big deal.The food overall was good but lackluster. My curry seemed to rely on the spiciness as the primary seasoning, and could have used a little bit of salt or...something. Curry doesn't have to be hot in order to be flavorful; it seemed sort of one-dimensional, though the "heat" level was just as advertised, which is something I appreciate as a Spice Wuss. The low point of the meal, though, was when I noticed that one of my companions who had ordered the Pad Thai, had a nice collection of egg shell bits gathered on the corner of his plate. It had taken him a minute, he said, to figure out what the sharp crunchy bits were.I probably won't be back for dinner or on my own, but the proximity to my office and reasonable lunch prices will probably bring me back at least once more to see if they were just having an off day. Hopefully I can update this review with another star then! :)
4	Spicy, spicy, spicy. We came here on a Weekend afternoon and there was barely anybody there. Odd, but I assumed that there's so many 100s of other choices around the area. But am I glad I came here!The servers were really nice and hospitable, explaining things on the menu. I ordered a Dragon Berry Mojito to start with Deep Fried Tofu. I always scarfed down the fried tofu only to have my taste buds burnt. But this time I managed to split my tofu triangle in half and drizzle on the delicious sweet and sour sauce and WAIT for it to cool down a bit. We also ordered Chicken Pad Thai, Shrimp Chili Fried Rice and Gulf of Thai Special which consisted of a good amount of seafood selection and a wonderful sauce. All spicy levels ordered at an 8, so be forewarned that by spicy, they mean spicy!
2	This has been the goto place for Thai in Henderson for us for years. Nothing else is even close to this quality...until now. Ordered our fav, crab fried rice, and the crab was rotten, and I mean super strong fish smell, slimy, gone bad in the sun on the beach for a week, smelled it at the door in the drivers hands, rotten. I was shocked. Im giving them 2 stars just because they were so good before now and they did give me a refund on the order and took the food back. So sad, this was the only great Thai(comparable with West coast Thai) in Henderson. To serve something like that is inexcusable, there is no way any decent cook would think that was passable seafood. Stay away for your own health.
4	This is a cute little place. I'd like to come back when it's cooler and eat on the patio. The red curry was pretty good. I ordered it at a 4, and that is exactly what I got. I'd probably try it a little spicier next time. The chicken was tender and the portions were good for the price.
2	Terrible thai food. Don't venture past the pad thai.  Not cheap either.
3	OK Thai food . Has all of the usual Thai cuisine. Portions are kind of small, however the service is good and great atmosphere. You can find better thai food for cheaper in Las Vegas
5	I have been going to Pin Kaow for a few years and it's good every time. The staff is nice and courteous, the food is excellent (to the point that I compare all other Thai places to them). My co-workers and I celebrate 95% of our birthday lunches here and at least 2 of us turn to Pin Kaow for Friday night dinners. I brought all my friends and family here when they visited and I am pretty sure I made a few of them become beef panang fans. A big plus is that it doesn't look / feel like a hole in the wall and the cleanliness is obvious.
5	One of my favorite restaurants in Vegas. Gorgeous atmosphere- especially the patio! Fabulous food. Love the red curry and the spicy basil. Absolute favorite is the Tom Ka Kai. And don't miss the Thai iced tea.
4	We started off with a welcoming staff and they gave our family a nice quiet table. The ambiance was relaxing and very quiet, we had to keep telling our kids to whisper and use inside voices. We ordered the Tom Kha with chicken and it was amazing I could have gone with more spice in the soup but I never know how true to scale the 1-10 hotness scale is so I played it safe at a 5. We also had the Chicken Satay. It was pretty typical run of the mill Satay- it was very good and what we expected. For entrees I ordered the Duck Curry which was great! It had pineapple in the sauce which I surprisingly liked. At a spice level of 6 it was perfect. It had alot of meat too which is rare when ordering duck in a curry. My husband got the barbeque chicken and the presentation was fun. It came out sizzling on a platter served with white rice. One downside is there is no kids menu but we were able to share with them and make it work. Overall we had great service and food.
4	Had lunch and was pleasantly surprised.   Dim Sum was excellent!  They had a variety of everything you could think of.   The service was excellent and the prices were fair for what we ordered.   Its best to take friends so you can try several pots.  Looking forward to a return.  Exceptionally clean, properly lit and the food was hot.     Very enjoyable!
4	My mother and I ate here last Sunday afternoon...Excellent panang curry & pad thai! It was not greasy at all, had an excellent flavor! I ordered spice level 7 and loved it! I like it spicy!  The atmosphere was also very nice!
3	I'm having some bad luck lately getting actually spicy Thai food. I order it on the high side of the spicy scale, but this meal was probably a 0/10. Come on, I can handle it. This place is like, upscale. The interior is decorated with some really ornate wood carving architecture and the staff was wearing suits and saris in the middle of the day. Seemed strange to me, but whatevs. The staff was pleasant, letting me sit and work a bit on some things while I finished my food. Full bar and specialty cocktails, though I did not partake since I was on my way to work.I'm willing to give it another chance because $7 lunch specials are $7 lunch specials, but it's got to have some heat to it.
3	I got a bunch of take out here so I wouldn't have to cook during my busy week of tests. Portions were a good size and the food lasted me almost all week. Spiciness is on a 1-10 scale. I got 5's for the first 2 dishes, and I could have probably gotten a 7 and been ok. 1) Spicy basil beef- good flavor, but the meat was kind of dry2) Spicy Eggplant with chicken - eggplant itself was awesome, definitely my favorite of all the dishes. however, the chicken was SUPER dry3) Chicken Pad Thai - a bit greasy, and once again, dry chickenSince I got all take out, I never tried the food fresh- I only had it after a zap in the microwave. For this reason I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt, and contributing some of the dryness of the meat to the microwave. However, if the meat is this dry when the meal is served fresh, I would bump them down to 2 stars.
4	better than the strip! eggplant is my favorite dish... so tasty! spices are mixed so well ;)
5	Love the food! If u dont like spicy stuff i suggest u get under 5 for the spiciness.
4	I typically judge a Thai restaurant by what I view are the staples. Tom Kha Kai (sp), Pad see eew, curry, Thai BBQ chicken, and sweet sticky rice. We ordered everything in a level 7/10 and it was the perfect amount of heat. You know Just enough to give you a runny nose type of spice.Everything was delicious however service can be hit or miss. I try to order a different curry dish each time. Most recently the salmon green curry rose to the top of my favorites. Seriously, it's blow your mind delicious. Overall I think this is a great joint and urge you to try it out for yourself.
2	It was okay service was bad and food was decent
4	Beef Satay and Tofu Pad Thai was spot on! Minus one star for no limes with the Pad Thai and it was a tad on the bland side. Just needed a bit more spice, so I think I'll make sure I get it a little spicy next time :) I got take out but the ambiance looked great for dining in!
5	Large portions, great quality, lots of options, Henderson location is awesome, the fact that they have multiple locations is even more awesome! I would say that Pinkaow's traditional thai dishes are comparable to Lotus of Siam's and that they are simply just less busy.
2	In a rush, they put meat in my vegetarian dish. I understand they make mistakes, but the server was adamant that it was vegetarian. I was just about to take a bite, and she comes rushing over once she realized it was the wrong dish she brought. I told my server about this issue, and she just shrugged her shoulders as if no big deal. It used to be a lot better, but won't come here again in the future.
4	The place is really good but I find it a bit pricy compared to some other Thai places. The food options are good and my personal favorite is the Hell Curry. If you like spicy food like me this is the one to get. You can get it with any kind of meat you want.
3	Overall okay. We got the Tom Ka soup, could be more creamier and a bit over price for the size. We also ordered Pla Koong salad, too much ginger and Thai chicken salad, not really a salad just chicken with cucumbers. So not what we really expected but the taste and service were good.
2	Having frequented Pin Kaow a few times and enjoy the pad Thai I suggested this place for an early dinner. It was 5pm on a Saturday and there was only one other table (appox 5 people). The hostess came right up and greeted us and sat us at a booth. Then we waited... And waited... And waited. My boyfriend could see servers walking by yet no one came over. After sitting there for at least 10 minutes, we saw another couple walk in. The hostess immediately greeted them. Extremely frustrated, we walked out.  It is a shame, the food is good but the service was ridiculous!
5	This is my go-to place.  The service is always amazing, the food is consistently delicious.  It is my favorite Thai restaurant.  I recommend the crab rangoons, beef jerky, and green curry!
5	Yummy yummy yum!  I can't get enough of this restaurant.  We don't go out to eat that often, cuz I love to cook, but when we do we keep returning here even though we live at 515/Horizon.  Everything I've ordered is so scrumptious that if you were in the seat behind me you'd probably wonder why I was making the "mmmm" sound so often (speaking of "behind me", the first time we went there Mike Tyson sat behind us).  No meal is complete, though, without ordering the young coconut drink.  Not only is it amazing (sip it slow to really enjoy it!) but it's super healthy for you too.LOVE LOVE LOVE this place.  I hope you do too!
3	Excellent yellow curry and I really enjoyed the beef salad. I was very disappointed with the Tom yum soup. Zero flavor! It's my fave Thai soup, so I definitely won't return.Customer service was good. Clean restaurant. Prices average.
3	We came here on a Saturday evening and ordered 1. Pad Thai with fried tofu. Spice lvl 5: 9.952. Spicy mint with beef, Spice lvl 7: 9.953. Yellow curry with chicken, Spice lvl 7: 10.95for $37 - An amazing venue. Pin Kaow does an excellent job of creating an authentic theme. Although, the Michael Buble music in the background didn't help, it was fine. - We were seated right away and serviced very quickly. Nutcha and Max were our servers.- Service was pleasant. We got our drinks and dishes relatively quickly on a busy Saturday night.- The flavoring of the Yellow curry was creamy. Chicken was tender. The only disappoint was that there seemed to be more potatoes than chicken. haha. - We had an option to chose whether our tofu with the pad thai could be soft or fried. The pad thai was good. Definite recommendation. Better than in Krung Siam in chinatown. - The spicy mint beef was a letdown. dry, not too flavored. I had to request a spice rack to give it a bit more zest. haha. Another thai restaurant that I have been too makes the same dish but also with tofu at a cheaper price and taste better, so this caught us off guard. - For similar pricing and nearby, I'd rather dine a Gaati Thai simply bc it tasted a bit better. This place is nice for dates.
5	YEN TA FO: that's where it's at. I will definitely be coming here for lunch whenever I"m in vegas for work.  Came upon this cute little place in a shopping plaza area and was hoping they had noodle soup of some type.  They sure did, and it met all expectations. There's a sweetness to the broth but it's still salty at the same time, great taste.  I love seafood so I naturally got it with seafood. I do wish that the noodles was a different type but i love all noodles so can't complain too much. The surprising thing in the soup though was the vegetables.  I believe it was ong choy, which is my favorite vegetable ever and it's not something that is usually served unless you specifically order it so when I saw it, it was just heaven in a bowl. Another great thing is that the prices are very reasonable.  I was full and didn't feel like I overpaid so I was really happy. Not to mention if you want a drink they have tons to choose from, they have a whole separate bar area! :)
3	I went there with my girl today the restaurant itself was really nice. Food was alright we ordered crying tiger, coconut lemongrass soup and chicken pad thai. Everything together was around 40 bucks. A lil bit more expensive than other thai restaurants I've been to but it's understandable since this location is very nice and decorated well. Staffs were friendly. I'd give it 3.5 stars if I had the option. Food tasted alright. Soup was too sour and so as pad thai. Crying tiger was good though.
4	Another Thai favorite off Eastern in Henderson. There are multiple locations but I can only vouch for this location. 9 out of 10 times the food is spot on! :) Go for it! ;)
5	This is one of my favorite Thai restaurants in Las Vegas!! The pad Thai is always on point service is great as well! I have also had other dishes here and it is always delicious! It is definitely my go to spot
2	Food is good here and the ambience is also a plus but sometimes the service would just suck. Also when you call to place an order for either pick or delivery, they put you on hold for so long that you just want to hang up. I hung up just now. Was on hold for exactly 7mins and 15secs.
4	Since we just moved into the area thought we would give Pinkaow a try. Glad we did, food and service was excellent! We will be back, if nothing else for the the crispy crab roll...yummy!!
5	The food is GREAT. The noodles, the rice, the STUFFED CHICKEN!!! Friendly waiters and staff. Very attentive to our drinks and clearing our plates. I'll be back for sure!
4	One of my more frequent Thai choices in Vegas. Nice patio area. Service usually solid. Mango rice dessert is decent. I usually order beef spicy salad (which I love here) and Thai spicy cashew chicken made 9 or 10 hot. Great brown sauce. Been here at least ten times. Consistently solid experiences.
4	Nice Thai restaurant with a beautiful outdoor patio dining area.  Had the Hell Curry with shrimp which was pretty good.  The menu is pretty extensive and most if not all items are reasonably priced.   The service was pleasant and attentive.
3	Good food. Portion size is :/ okay if you order family style, but if you are with people with a hefty appetite order more. Pad Thai is delicious. I highly recommend you order it. Spicy level 5.  Overall it's okay I heard the other locations are better.  I recommend people to try the food it is tasty.
5	Right off the bat, my first time here was absolutely delightful. The restaurant seems clean, in and outdoor seating, and interesting decor. I recommend dinning outside on a nice day. Service was perfect, the waiters/servers/bussers were very attentive and we never had to ask for anything, they made sure our waters were full and plates were taken off the table accordingly. I had the pleasure of trying the PUMPKIN CURRY- SO FRICKEN GOOD- HIGHLY RECOMMEND. Spiciness was #5 and it was  just perfect, spicy, but not overwhelming at all. Dish size just enough for two, but not if one person is especially hungry :b I had the PORK PAD THAI, spicy#7, I like my food spicy and surprisingly #7 didn't cut it, I recommend #8 maybe even #9 for the pad Thai. The noodle texture was a bit off, I wished they were cooked a little longer and hardened. On a scale of 1 to 5, I'd say 3. They had some drink specials and a decent drink menu. I had the TYKU TINI- it was dry with a hint of sweet sour lime- didn't enjoy it much- so I recommend a CHANG to compliment your meal as it's very refreshing. Definitely coming back for great curry and great service.
3	Had dinner with my wonderful and handsome husband. Ordered yellow curry, beef satay and chicken mint noodles. Delicious food but their portion size is enough for 1 person. There were probably 7 small pieces of chicken in the curry and more potatoes. And they don't give refills for their Thai tea. Overall delicious but small portions and pricey. Very nice atmosphere.
1	This really hurts my heart to be writing a review like this because Pin Kaow WAS my favorite restaurant but unfortunately I don't think that we will be returning anymore.We have been going to Pin Kaow every week religiously for the past 9 years. We were going there when it was just the one restaurant on North Rainbow Blvd.The service was always great and the food was even better, the kicker though, was the prices, they couldn't be beat. This is what truly set them apart from all the other Thai places.Unfortunately, I feel like  they have become more "corporate" like these days.As time went on I watched the prices go up multiple times and watched the portions get smaller and smaller. They even got rid of their cute little uniforms that they had which was such a nice added touch to the experience.But we still stood by them as we were always a loyal customer.For the past year my co workers and I have been going to the one on Eastern every week on our lunch hour. Last week as always, we went in and ordered our chicken fried rice and shrimp fried rice lunch special. 30 minutes later we got our food, at this time we placed an order for another shrimp fried rice lunch special to go. It took 45 minutes for us to receive the food. Keep in mind they only had 3 other tables in the restaurant filled at this time. We had to ask them TWICE about the to go order in which 30 minutes later the waitress comes up to the table to tell us that the order had been placed. EXCUSE ME?! 30 minutes and 2 times checking and the order was JUST placed? The only response that we get is a shrug of the shoulder with a smug sorry to go along with it, as if we did something wrong.Needless to say, we were over 30 minutes late getting back to the office as we only have 1 hour for our lunch break.TODAY, we decided to give them another shot as mistakes and bad days do happen. Well it just about felt like groundhog day because here we go again.We place our order of Crab Rangoon, and 3 lunch specials with another order of the Chicken fried rice lunch special to go.15 minutes later we were eating our Crab Rangoon with our soup that went with the lunch special that followed. The only problem was......our lunch specials never came.45 minutes later and with our lunch break being over we got up to ask them what was going on with our food, as we were watching the other tables that had arrived 25 minutes after us enjoy their lunch. The lady at the front said that she would check and then she never reported back to us. 10 minutes later we checked on it again and they simply just handed us the bill with no explanation and no food. We tell her to pack up our orders as there is no possible way for us to be able to sit and eat as we are already late. We get back to the office, keep in mind that we are now trying to have a bite here and there in between our patients and our food was not even sub par...... NOT AT ALL. It tasted like it had been sitting there for hours, my shrimp in the fried rice was dried out the pad thai had no flavor and the chicken fried rice was floating in grease. It was pretty much inedible. Needless to say we all ended up throwing our food out. My co worker then called the restaurant to complain and was basically given the cold shoulder. They again were acting as if WE did something wrong. We were told to bring the food back to the restaurant (because we all have time in the world to run around town bringing food back and fourth during our work day after already being late to work because they couldn't get their act together). We told them that we couldn't do that,  after hearing all the  himing and hawing and being put on hold multiple times she told us that when we came back they would give us 15% off of our next bill. REALLY?!? We wasted our hour long lunch, gas money and our money on food that we ended up throwing out and you are giving us attitude as you offer us 15%. REALLY? PLEASE!!! AIN'T NOBODY GOT TIME FOR THAT!!
4	AMAZING FOOD! A little pricey for the portion sizes but other than that it would get 5 stars! Service is great, food is great and the atmosphere is beautiful!
4	What a pleasant little Thai restaurant tucked into the Sansone Parkplace off the strip. My family and I stopped by for lunch and were immediately impressed by the beautiful decor and classy interior. Since it was a holiday, the lunch specials were not available; however, they are usually available Monday - Friday from 11am - 3pm and only $7.95 for an entree, soup, egg roll & fried wonton. What a great deal! Since we ordered from the regular menu, I tried the pad Thai w/ tofu for $9.95 and my parents tried the spicy mint beef w/ rice. Spice levels range from 1-10: order 4 for a mild spice. The food was pretty delicious! We were impressed with the flavors and portion sizes given the reasonable prices. The service was excellent. Our waiter, Bon, was perfectly hospitable and polite and we had a constant stream of servers stopping by to refill our water and ask if we needed anything else. I would definitely recommend this Thai restaurant if you're looking for authentic, reasonably-priced Thai food in a classy environment off the strip.
5	My friend from OC happened to be in Vegas visiting a friend, and I happened to be visiting too, so we decided to get together for dinner. Being very familiar with the area since she visits very regularly, and her friend lives nearby this strip mall, she highly recommended this Thai restaurant. I almost never leave the strip unless my friends are a little more adventurous so it's great that someone familiar knows where to eat around here.I left it to her to drive me here, which was about 4-5 miles away from the strip. There were lots of familiar restaurants located in this strip mall too, which was expansive and has lots of parking available.Upon entering, you are wow's at the authenticity of the Thai decor which was warm, cozy, and inviting. We were guided to a booth by a friendly hostess, and the server came over to help us out with the menu right away. Being familiar with Thai food, but not being extremely hungry, we decided not to order too much, but the many choices on the menu, we just had to try as much as we could.....off the happy hour menu as well as the regular menu. We ordered the Fish Cake, Crab Rangoon, and Chicken Satay, Shrimp Roll ....which are all appetizers, and the Pad Woon Sen clear noodles. The difficulty were the many absolutely yummy looking dishes to choose from, but we had to keep reminding ourselves that we weren't that hungry, and that we were only two people.This Pad Woon Sen was my absolute favorite Thai noodle dish I've had outside of Thailand! It was cooked perfectly, ingredients, were fresh, and totally delicious.....very authentic and comparable to the best you can get in Thailand! I was really impressed....and I'm usually not easily impressed. My next favorite was the Chicken Satay. Big portions of tender chicken meat on the skewer, marinated and grilled to perfection! Again, easily one of the best satays I've had anywhere! The other appetizers were good, but were pretty typical happy hour appetizers.We will definitely be back to try the other dishes here, which my friend has assured me are "spectacular"....!!!Other than that, the service was good, friendly, and attentive. Great place, great food....ok, slightly pricey, but well worth it ....what else can you possibly want? :)
3	They have really really good food!...but really poor service...but there food makes up for that its good. The portions are on the small side so dont get confused and order one plate to share (like other thai places) because you will starve, and the Thai Tea is really good but there is no refills (like other thai places)..but all in all ther food is really good, and the place is decorated beutiful
5	Super delicious, authentic Thai. Probably the very best Thai I have had in Vegas. I love all of the curry dishes, and they have great Hot Pot soups too. Great Pad See Ew and Pad Thai as well. Good for take out and dine in. And nice lunch specials - good bang for your buck.
1	It is with sadness that I write this review since we love Pinkaow food!   What should have been a pleasant dinner for two turned into a real disappointment!First, let me say we are Pinkaow lovers, and usually enjoy their restaurant very much.  I decided to order a martini from their specialty menu and that is where the problem started.I am a modest drinker and occasionally have a drink to celebrate a landmark of epic proportions like cleaning the garage!!!   Hey, we all celebrate, right??!My mango martini arrived and it was all Mango juice!    No vodka at all.   I used to be a bartender, so don't fool me!    I asked our server if it was possible that the bartender forgot the vodka......he then did something that really irritated me....he asked the bartender to tell me she added the vodka and challenged me!    What????    Believe me, this has only happened one other time in my life.   I'm 65 folks, and have one or two drinks a week so this was truly insulting to me!I suggest, if you go to this restaurant, don't order mixed drinks!!!   You will truly be disappointed!Next time, if there is a next time, I'll order wine with dinner!
5	Amazing staff! Great food. Usually go to the location in Las Vegas but this place is just as great.
4	Today is my second time to come here. We  ordered dinner size pineapple fried rice and red curry with regular tofu, asking for median spicy. The dishes taste very fresh, fried rice is not greasy, curry is light sweet which is perfect for me. We two girls finished both of them, too full!Plus I like the interior design of this place, even the restroom is nice too.  Last time I tried the pad see ew here, which is good too. But I like the red curry more.
5	Hands down my favorite Thai restaurant in las vegas. The food is always consistent and the service is great. I love the yellow curry here, the perfect blend of spice and sweet from the cocnut milk. The sauce is a little thicker almost to gravy status and not super runny like other places I have tried. The pineapple fried rice is another great dish. The combination of sweet from the pineapple along with the peanuts, shrimp and rice is amazing. Come check this place out and I promise you won't be disappointed.
3	I'm torn between how yummy the food is or how poor the service was. I came with a family of four and ordered the pot stickers appetizer coming with I believe 6 pieces? I also got the ck pad thai, the Kung pao ck, and yellow ck curry. But I waited a little longer than an hour and an half for my last dish!!!! Plus they brought our dishes two at a time so we all were eating at different times.. Such Ridiculous service.. We called out to the waitresses and waiters about 3-4 times yet none of them "heard" us.. Another table also didn't receive water until 30 min after being seated! There is a lot of patience I have as a person but over an hour an a half for some "wonderful" food. I cannot.. So! If you like Thai and don't mind waiting foreverrrrr then here is the place to go (: & if not? Make sure to have bunches and bunches of patience. (Btw. As a girl the only thing that frustrated me less? Was the hand scrubs in the BR. Lol.)
5	This is one of our go to restaurants.  We dine here at least once a week, usually for lunch, and the food and the service is always fabulous.We had some friends with us for dinner about 2 weeks ago.  As my boyfriend was paying the bill, he dropped a 100.00 chip from a local casino.  When we went to dinner there last night, they had kept the chip until we came back and our server recognized us.  Things like this don't happen in this day and age.  How refreshing!Needless to say, our meal was terrific and we will be back ASAP.Thanks again.
5	THE BEST! Staff is on top of everything, the food is very good, so far the best we've had in Vegas (as far as Thai food). This is going to be my new staple!
3	Portion sizes are arguably not equal to price.  I order Pad Thai anytime we have Thai. Period.  It's like the benchmark I use to compare one restaurant versus another.  The pad thai here has been consistently dry and just lacking.  Other dishes seem..meh.  Nothing horrible, but nothing to write home about either.  If you want solid, overpriced Thai food, this place is ok.  But if you want more bang for your buck and perhaps higher quality Thai food, there's lots of other options out there.
5	Terrific food and service. The satay is some of the best I've ever had. My family is from Indonesia so I know my satay! If you arrive when they open just be prepared for strong incense smell. It was so strong we had to be seated outside.Inside are tables with armless chairs. Outside are tables with chairs with arms. They have a great selection of alcoholic drinks.Lunch menu is reasonably priced.
4	Everytime I am sick I go get the chicken soup. Amazing and always makes me feel better. OK customer service but amazing food.
3	This was my first stop upon landing in Vegas and I must say I think I hit the jackpot!  I enjoy Thai food and when at home I have my usual spots that I frequent when I need a Thai fix.  Visiting las Vegas always excites me not fprthe shows or the casinos or the nightlife mostly because of the diverse and unique dining experiences.  This was my first visit and It will not be my last.  Upon entry my eyes were treated to a visual feast of traditional Thai artwork and decor great attention was paid to detail and it showed throughout the dining room. The server was extremely friendly and gracious.  I ordered my go-to dish of yellow curry with chicken and rice. The flavors in this dish were all beautifully represented from the tender juicy white meat to the Milky spicy curry even the potatoes were perfectly prepared and melted in my mouth. I ordered a signature cocktail, the PP tea the cocktail was nothing special and frankly light on the liquor and heavy on the mixers. The bar took about 25min to prepare our drink, we were almost done with our meal when the drinks arrived. Overall I enjoyed the food and the ambiance I will return to try other dishes on the menu in the near future.
4	Friendly service, solid food, great cocktails
3	Just OK...My table was literally right by the front door...The day I was there it was windy and my napkins and everything else was across the room...I little pricey as well. Parking in that parking lot was murder...Every spot was labeled for a particular business, and then threatens to tow you if you park in the wrong spot (w/surveillance)...The food was just OK...
4	Very good food and service. A bit pricey for the food. Only Thai restaurant I go to around this area.
5	Their food is really excellent. Delicious to a level I haven't been able to get in any other Asian restaurant in Vegas. Where most fail they excel here. Really impressed
3	Food was very good only reason I'm giving a bad review is because for $10.95 their portion wasn't a lot for pickup.
2	This is probably the worse Thai place I've been to in Vegas. The only reason we finished our food was because we were both really hungry and I hate seeing food go to waste. Let me start with the service. We were greeted and sat down pretty quickly. Our waiter took our food order and that's pretty much the end of seeing him. Someone else brought our food out and not once did he check if everything was ok. The bf needed chili for his food and it took us forever to flag down anyone to bring it to us. Every other table around us had the little chili condiment plate except for us, so the bf started to get irritated. The food was equally disappointing as well. Mee krob: crunchy noodles covered in oyster sauce with shrimp and chicken. Way too sweet for any noodle dish. It only had 2 pieces of shrimp and 2 tiny pieces of chicken. Tom yum with shrimp: traditional lemongrass soup served with shrimp, mushrooms and tomatoes. This was the highlight of the meal. Spicy, sour goodness. Only downside was that it was served as a hot pot and you could smell the gas burning underneath to keep the soup hot. The gas fumes were not very pleasant while eating. Brown rice: hard and old tasting. Chicken panang: Thai curry with coconut milk. Let's just say their version was very bland. I've had much better panang elsewhere. Overall, this was a pretty crappy dinner the bf and I have had in a while. Would definitely not recommend this place.
2	If you're a big spender with a bird like appetite, then Pin Kaow is definitely up your alley.With growling stomachs and anticipation for family style dishes, we were quite disappointed with the small portions attached to a beefy price tag. 3 adults ordering 3 entrees, couldn't you have been a bit more generous with the rice rather than giving us one tiny saucer that cant even feed a 5lb alley cat?? Its like ordering a big mac with half the top of a bun. It was a good thing I ordered brown rice (dry)  in which they forgot and charged $3 a cup. Our somewhat irritating experience didn't help when the manager came over to our table and showed concerns we were bringing in boba drinks but she let it slide. I didn't see eye to eye with her concerns as we were there to dine in and spend a nice amount for dinner. We aren't there to order water and occupy your wifi connection lady.The food is good, but it isn't anything different than the ASIAN BISTRO section at the buffets. Pin Kaow may have the fancy marble floors, but asians needs their rice!
5	Great food, great service,  great price... Went here today with my GF to celebrate her final military deployment and they were amazballz. The service was absolutely perfect, we were greeted and brought water and our drinks within one minute of stepping inside. I was asked 4 or 5 times if eveything was ok, and it was.I had the soft shell crab and my GF had chicken curry. The softshell crab was seriously amazing. I love softshell crab and they did it just right! The curry was also great and for the price... we spent only $40 for two meals, an appatizer and two drinks. I was expecting a check for at least $60 (which would have been the case had we gone to Lotus Siam, my second favorite place)
4	Pinkaow will always bring fond memories of post medical school exams relaxation for my favorite person and I. Our usual dishes are the drunken noodles, green curry, and the thai chili basil dish. The dishes are not too salty (which is a good thing!), but can use a little more spiciness. We also always get the thai iced tea, which does not taste extremely sweet nor does it taste overly diluted. You can really taste the authentic thai tea flavor here! We also love Archi's, but that is a bit of a drive away from us. But in Henderson, Pinkaow is definitely our number one pick!
3	Eeeeeh as far as the food goes it was ok....I have had Aaaaaahhhhhmazing Thai food before so it has to be incredible to get more stars than the 3 I gave. Had peach sangria, pot stickers, spicy basil beef and beef pad thai. The sangria was yummy!!  All three dishes were good, hot and fast. Portions to me were very small compared to other Thai places. I feel like the noodle were a bit over cooked and not enough flavor. Prices were ok but again going back to the portion size....... I have paid less and gotten more. On the other hand service and people were great. Don't think I would recommend this Thai place over my other though.
3	The food is good here but the service still needs to be desired.  We sat inside this time, there were 4 of us.  We ordered appetizers and then the main course.  Let me back up.One lady came and took our drink order and then passed it on to another person, well needless to say the drink order was wrong.  Then we ordered appetizers which came out pretty quickly but we had to flag someone down to get our main courses put in.3 of our dishes arrived in a timely fashion but the fourth dish, I believe they either forgot about it or delivered it to the wrong table.  We were almost done with the 3 dishes by the time the 4th arrived.  No sorry, no explanation, nothing....Drink service was horrible and even though they will never read this so the service will never improve, I say if you like the food which we do, be patient because you may be here for a bit, but the food is worth it if you have the time.
4	Based on the total numbers of reviews....you can already tell this place is popular. I did not say it's a great place to go because everyone experienced something different than the next reviewer.But I can tell you this; lunch specials were fantastic!!!! You get their soup of the day which consist of chunks of beef, veggies and tofu. The broth....yum! PERFECT for a  cold day. Next, you get to choose between an egg roll or salad. We also order chicken pad Thai and beef fried rice.Lunch portion can be a hit or miss....really depends on who's cooking that day. Our first time here...our lunch portions were satisfying. But the last few times...it kept shrinking. Also,  their spiciness is a hit or miss. One time I ordered a spiciness of level 6 and it was NOT spicy at all. Very disappointing. So we can see....consistency is off here. Hence, the 4 star rating. One of the better Thai restaurants here on this side of town.
2	I have eat at this Pin Kaow several times and have never had any problems.  Last night we got take out and we not very happy, the food was good as usual but the portions for their take out were small and we asked for a little extra steamed rice and they wanted to charge us $5 for the medium container.  If we were eating there it would have been free.  Not real happy since we recommended it to friends and then had to hear about the price all night long :-(
5	Service and food was great....and the price was amazingly cheap during the lunch hours.  Will definitely come back!
4	This place is kind of a hit or miss with the service the first time i came in it wasn't to great and the second time it was excellent! I had the lemongrass coconut milk based chicken soup, sounds weird but is so delicious! My family and friends enjoy it just as much! Ive literally been craving it for days now. I also had the chili mint, pad thai and curry panag. I will say the servings aren't as big as i am use to, then again the quality is also better. QUALITY OVER QUANTITY MY FRIEND. Cant wait to go back and try new dishes and get that soup again im in love. This is my new favorite Thai place !
5	I eat here all the time with my girlfriend and we can't say enough about this place! Amazing decor, service, and cuisine! She loves the Thai ice tea and veggie pad Thai and I always get the chicken pad Thai or duck basil. Amazing quality and variety.
4	The service is very good I always feel at home their thai ice tea is one of the best. I recommend the Larb ,mint basil meat, and their beef jerky is the greatest i like it tender the sauce that comes with it is awesome. The papaya salad is great too. I love their decor and it is always relaxing .Their lunch specials are goo too nicely priced and appetizingly plated.their prices are great too.
5	Best Thai restaurant on this side of Vegas.  I eaten there several times and every time the meal has been delicious.  Great atmosphere much better than the typical strip mall restaurants
3	This place is good as long as you haven't been to the location on Rainbow. I have been to the location on the N.Rainbow many times, and the service is always fast and every bite is full of flavor. The location in Eastern has had average service, and decent food. The food has not been as good at this location as the others. Thai food is known for the spices, and the food at this location is just not as full of flavor. However, if you love in Henderson it is still pretty tasty. ..if the other locations are too far for you.
5	The service is great! Sue the manager came to our table to check on us and she was a sweetheart. The best dish was the Seafood Soup Po-Tak very tasty and full of seafood. And the Soft Shell Crab dish out if this world! I'm from LA and will definitely visit Pin Kaow again on my next visit.
2	This is a painful review as I really used to like this place.  Echoing most of the other reviews as well as mine, the service here is still horrible.  The portions  have gotten smaller and the prices higher.  The quality of the food, DOWNHILLL..The Wor Wonton Soup, compared to what you get in ANY other place, it was the smallest pot I have ever seen not to mention they use imitation crab meat.This is the second time in a row I have ordered the Spring Rolls and they are cooked on the outside but still cold/frozen on the inside.Like I said I used to really like this place but after this visit with continued CRAPPY POOR service, NO communication between the staff and overall they just don't seem to really care about customer service or quality of the food any more.  The portions have gotten smaller and the value for the price along with the service, this place is NO LONGER a place I can recommend.
4	My wife and I visited back in september . Since then we order take out if our days are long andv dont want to cook.The resturant is beauitful . All wooden accents tranquil and inviting. Service is pretty good. Food delicious . The curry and potatoes is addicting . Probaly my favorite asian themed resturant .authentic
1	Ordered their pad Thai to go and as you can see the noodles are twice the size of normal pad Thai noodles because they are overcooked and mushy... The color of it is really bland too... Meaning they don't put enough sauce... So disappointed.
4	Pin Kaow on Eastern is my favorite place to go when I'm craving Thai food. The service is always friendly and fast. Even pick-up for a to-go order is quick, which is a perfect option when coming home from a long day at work. I've yet to try their delivery option, but I will in the future. I definitely recommend trying their spring rolls, but the entire menu features great food.
1	Never again! Was told to pick up my order in 30 minutes. I got there right on time and waited an additional 30. They still did not have my food ready, after an hour waiting they had no explanation and no apology either! They finally got my order together, but I got my money back and left without the food. They offered no discount or kindness at all. Don't waste your time here. Lesson learned.
5	Several of my friends and I had lunch here yesterday. We hadn't been here in quite a while but the food is still awesome. My Larb  salad with ground pork was absolutely delicious. Lots of cilantro and lime just the way I like it.The Tom Yum Kai soup is perfect, couldn't be any better. We tasted each other's dishes and I have to say the Mongolian beef was out of this world. Will get that next time.  Everyone agreed that the Pad Thai was about as good as it could get.Service here is wonderful, very attentive and very efficient. The decor  is truly beautiful. If the weather permits, and it usually will, sit outside on their courtyard - intimate and very comfortable. We had forgotten how good this place can be.
3	This place has moved up on my radar.... Just had to give it a few tries! I like the spicy garlic clams and the service has improved! I look forward to trying more items on the menu... Please note a 9 is not spicy at all!THE REALEST FOODIE OF LV!
5	This place is amazing!! The service is fantastic and the prices are very reasonable for all that you get!!  I recently moved to Las Vegas and I had never had Thai food before but I am so glad I checked this place out!!  The Tofu soup and the all the garlic dishes are really good!!  My daughter had the garlic chicken and I have tried both the garlic beef and pork.   I have also tried one of the noodle dishes which was out of this world!   I was so pleased w/this place I recently brought my son and daughter in law when they came to visit and they enjoyed as well and Thanked us for treating them to such a great meal!!   We especially love the fact the food can be made as spicy or not as you like!!   I only wish I could rate this place 10 stars because it really was that great experience and we will continue to frequent this restaurant!!  :)
3	clean. both service and food were solid. nothing was exceptional, yet nothing was bad. we had pad thai, their equivalent of drunken noodle, duck basil, red curry, and tom ka kai. a solid neighborhood joint.
1	We ordered food to go at this restaurant. They told us we would have to wait 30 minutes. Instead, the wait was 1 hour and 10 minutes. I will never go back. The food is better at Gaati and they don't make you wait forever.
5	This place is really amazing, typically you get your food within 10 minutes (sometimes faster than that). They are very attentive, and their options for vegans, vegetarians, and meat eaters are wonderful. The yellow curry is great.
2	Went here with some friends to celebrate surviving our final unit exam and decided to check it out. First impression of the place was that it was cleaner than most Thai places I have been to and it looked so nice and fancy. Thank goodness they had a cheap lunch special going on because the regular prices were a little higher than normal. I ended up ordering the red curry and I have to say it was not really that good. It was just watery and lacked the strong taste of spices and flavoring that I commonly experience with Thai food. I got the curry with level 5 spiciness and that pretty much all I experienced in terms of flavor. The beef was okay, but some pieces were pretty chewy which is kind of weird. Although I have to admit that the little salad portion they gave me was decent and probably the best part of my meal. I just stopped eating after a while because it was like eating watered down curry with rice. Our waiter was good since he was nice.One thing is that there was this lady who came by our table and took away our spoons for some reason. Why would you place spoons as part of the table set to begin with if you were just going to take it back? It also got kinda weird when she had to partially lay on our table to reach across to grab the rest of the spoons. She could have just asked us to help her out... Anyways, the spoons came back when we got our dishes. Overall, this place was just okay at best. I wouldn't really come back considering it is located in a plaza with other restaurants that are probably better.
3	Initially, I was impressed by how nicely decorated and clean the restaurant looked. It's definitely one of the fancier looking Thai restaurants I've been to in Henderson but it also is one of the more expensive ones. The regular menu seemed kind of pricy but I got the pad thai lunch deal for $8 which came with either soup and salad/fried wonton. The soup of the day was chicken soup filled with some rice which might seem a bit weird - I didn't mind the rice myself but I know some friends who did. The lunch portions were on the smaller side and the Pad Thai itself was just mediocre. Nothing about it really stood out to me but it was passable enough. I came with about 25 friends and the staff seemed a bit overwhelmed at first. What was nice was that they were willing to split the bill for each individual so that saved us lots of time in the end!Overall, my experience here was alright but I don't think I'll be back since there's tastier, cheaper Thai lunch deals around the area!
5	Hands down best Thai in Vegas. Recommend the pad se ew, basil chicken, Thai tea ice cream.
