4	Whenever I am at Fashion Show Mall and I am hungry, I usually stop at Great Wraps. Every wrap and sandwich I have tasted has never been disappointing. It is a cheap and tasty. My favorite is Cheesy Chicken Wrap.One cool thing I do is order fries and ask for one of their sauces to use as a dip. My favorites are the Honey Mustard and the Chipotle Sauces.One sucky thing is they charge for refills.Overall, this is a great way to start or end a shopping day.
3	why am i at a food court in vegas? well, we were super hungry and needed to eat quick. there are long lines for this place but it's just ok. fills my stomach but leaves my taste buds wanting more. seriously, make time to go to a good restaurant. it's vegas!
4	Cheap and on the strip. The old man at the cash register was really nice. My fiance is a vegetarian and she had a delicious falafel hummus wrap.
2	Its aight.  Nothing interesting about it.  No one was in line = bad food.  It's your average wrap fast food chain.
2	First meal in Vegas...Great Wraps.  We weren't super hungry and since we'd been walking around Fashion Show Mall we figured - what the heck.Out of all the food court options, Great Wraps had the most promise.  We got a couple wraps - buffalo chicken and gyro.  Both were alright, but nothing spectacular.  The buffalo chicken wrap was way too sauced and it bummed me out.  The gyro was surprisingly tasty for what it was.Price wise? Maybe not so worth it.  But maybe that's what I get for going to a food court.
4	I love this place, it's my go-to when I'm hungry at the fashion show mall and I don't wanna pay for over priced food for no reason.Everything is fresh made to order, I always get the chipotle wrap on a tomato basil tortilla.  It's like one big fat short burrito cut in two.  Their a little skimpy on the fries but that's ok. The fries are just like hooters curly fries and go great with their little Tapatio packets they give you.Next time you're in Fashion Show mall, just think... Non-dollar-menu items at Wendy's, or Great Wraps? Great Wraps!!
4	i tried a sample they were giving out and i was suprised i really liked it so i bought a wrap, came with fries and a drink. not so expensive. it filled me up. if i ever go back to that food court at the mall, i'll prob eat that again.
4	It was Sunday morning.  This is inside the food court.  My bf and I walked here from the Trump Hotel.We ordered the Thai wrap, which came with curly fries and a drink for under $10.  The wrap was good.
4	The cashier, Roger, took my order was super enthusiastic, helpful, & friendly. When I walked up he was offering samples & I took one expecting it to be cold with no taste, I was proved wrong. They also sell delicious smoothies as well! I was asking another employee about the different sauces in the wraps & he heard me and even hooked it up with the hot sauce! DEFINATELY COMING BACK.
5	No lie here....Great Wraps is part of the reason that my Mom and I frequent Las Vegas once a year.  I guarantee this will be the most delicious mall food you will ever have!Personally, I LOVE the number 5.  Whatever that GW sauce is, it is undeniably amazing.  My mom is a big fan of the Caesar Wrap, which is pretty awesome as well. This place beats every other fast food place by a mile!  Great Wraps is friendly, quick, delicious, and fairly priced.Can I trade a California In n Out for a Great Wraps?
1	I was really looking forward to a Caesar wrap so I came here. After tasting a chicken wrap sample, I was sold. When I sat down and took a bite, I instantly gagged. This was the saltiest wrap I've ever eaten in my entire life. Now I'll have to spend the rest of my Vegas night bloated from all the sodium I digested.
1	I come here often. I always get the euro wrap which is very fresh and good but after today i am done. These people are never friendly especially the horrible black cashier who stared at me from the minute I wake he up. The rest don't speak english. This place loves to charge you extra for all kinds of little things... It says "combo" with a photo of a coke and fries and then they say oh fries are extra. Well then what is a combo? Bullshit. It's bad business to nickel and dime and flat out dishonest to charge more after you said the price no matter how much. Don't give these people your money.
3	After the Walk to End Alzheimer's at the Fashion Show, several of us decided to go to the food court for late breakfast/early lunch.  All of us opted for Great Wraps.  I stayed to watch our things at the tables and when some came back with their breakdfats from Great Wraps, I decided to go there too.The breakfast special was $4.99 and consisted of 2 eggs any style, 2 bacon slices or sausage links, a bagel, and some hash browns.  The order was done in about 2 minutes.The eggs were cooked as asked-over easy.  The sausage was standard and the hash browns were a oblong patty that was briefly deep fried.  The breakfast came with cream cheese for the bagel but it wasn't buttered.The breakfast was OK.  A couple of things stand out.  In the need to be fast food, the bagel was only toasted a little.  I don't want it black but neither do I want most of the bagel to be just off white toasted.  Also, the hashed brown patty could have been fried a little more.  I guess to move customers along, the cooking is done a minimum amount of time.  It was OK, nothing more.
