5	These guys are amazing.  They are very friendly, and make you feel welcome.  The color selection is really good.  Prices are a bit lower than most other salons in the valley.  $15 bucks for a pedicure is pretty darn good IMO.  Y is really nice, I enjoyed chatting with her, and she takes pride in the work she does.  Give it a shot if you are in the area.  :)
5	A MAZE ING. Love this place. All of the staff are nice and friendly. Kim is excellent. Prices are affordable. I will never go anywhere else.
4	Still on my search for ONE salon to make home I stopped here after the gym yesterday. I needed a removal and full set. One gentleman removed my old set (painlessly I might add) while waiting for Vu who would eventually apply my new set once he finished up with his pedi he was doing on another customer. Sadly, upon removing my old set, fungus was found under one of them. I will go and rate that salon that applied that set after I am done here. I ONLY gave them 4 out of 5 stars because of the limited choice of colored acrylic to apply to tips. I didn't go in expecting an exact color match but something similar. One of the pics posted depicts a color I wanted (or close to) but it must have been polish or a colored tip. Other than that my nails are perfect. I examine them after each visit to other salons.  This set is perfectly even and smooth. He didn't cut or burn me. He did an AMAZING job. I think I may have found my home, depending on how long these last without lifting. Next time I will try to go in earlier for a pedi and toe design since they have so many to choose from.
5	Yet another awesome pedicure done by Kim. I took a picture but it doesn't do justice to the nail art. These ladies are always nice and treat every customer like gold. Not to mention that it's inexpensive. Every pedi comes with an amazing selection of nail art.
5	Kevin is wonderful! Best set of nails I've had in a long time
1	This place is hit or miss and today was a miss on many levels.  I felt like I should have been on a cattle car.  Although they weren't busy they sure didn't make any effort to pamper or to even make me feel like a valued customer.  The guy doing my pedicure was more concerned in the Jerry Springer type show on TV than in doing his job . . . cut my toe, messed up a nail and then they young lady doing my nails tried to fix it with 4 coats of polish. There were 4 nail techs talking nonstop between themselves then bursting into laugher . . . the other 3 clients in the room didn't look amused either.  I've been here numerous times and have gotten better service so maybe the one star is harsh but they really annoyed me today. I will visit another salon next time.
2	I'm a little disappointed with this salon. I can in to get a full set and remove an old set. I had my set removed almost painlessly. Iwhen he put on my new set and asked what length I told him not long but not really short either. He cut them much shorter than I would have liked. When I told him I didn't like it he argued with me  and finished my set. I have a crooked nail on my thumb and glue and gel stuck on my fingers. They are a mess. The only reason I gave 2 stars was because of the price. I think they knew how annoyed I was with the service they didn't charge me as much. Removel and new set was only $27. However I would have rather had nice looking masks and paid more.
2	It was in the late afternoon/early evening time and we walked and and weren't greeted, and it was an awkward quiet weird vibe. We sat and waited until they told us to sit down in the massage chairs. A man put in cool water instead of hot :/ They started helping my friend before me instead of at the same time. Also, she got a really friendly lady named "Y", and I got a lady that barely talked, and also was pretty rude and kept talking about how short I had accidentally cut my big toenail. She did fix the cool water, and changed it to hot for me, which I appreciated. The more expensive pedicure for $30 was not that great, my feet still did not feel like my calluses were removed, even after they did a "callus remover". I have been to better places with better service. I think that all employees should have friendly, customer service-oriented personalities. It should not be the luck of the draw.
