3	Not too shabby! A typical T.J. Maxx but this one had a few surprises...1. It's clean and well organized. Seriously! Departments include women's clothing, juniors clothing, men's clothing, women's shoes, handbags/luggage and homewares. 2. The cooking supplies within the homewares section is especially good here. Looking for a stainless collander? How about a Le Creuset baking dish? Or a garlic press? Or a coffee machine? How about a kitschy cutting board? You may have to dig a bit, but there are definitely some gems here. 3. No men's shoe section. Just something to note...4. A large sportswear section - especially for the menz. Tons o' Panther gear & Carolina goodies. Some much more appealing than others. A decent T.J. Maxx with a better than average cooking section. Next time I'm in need of an affordably priced omelet pan or a set of wooden spoons, this is a pretty sweet option!
3	My previous experiences with TJ Maxx's (Maxxi?) has been that they're overpriced and cluttered. This one isn't. I have an app on my phone that scans the bar codes and does an Internet lookup to let you know who else sells that item and their price. Out of nearly 20 or so that I scanned, not one was more expensive at TJ Maxx. Impressed!Clothing for men and women, shoes, luggage, accessories, lingerie, undies and a large section of housewares. Most of it very neatly organized and clearly priced.Paying for the merchandise can take a bit - I watched the line when we came in and when we paid and there were always people waiting. It took us 10 minutes.
4	Oh TJ Maxx, how I love you so.  You always give me deals on so many things.  It's next to impossible to walk out your doors without a bag in hand. Home goodies, clothes goodies, and the cha-CHING amazing finds hiding in your racks and shelves.Side note:  my last cha-CHING was a Special Blend snowboarding jacket for $30 when the same style online everywhere wasn't less than $140!Alas, I am no longer in the CLT and cannot come visit you every weekend like before...take care of those that come after me and keep handing out those incredible finds!
3	I've always enjoyed these type of stores. I love the spices and weird ingredients aisles the have in the back, the coffees near the registers and the electronic and other trinkets your find in the men's department. Every TJ Maxx I've ever gone to is identical to each other. The merchandise, even though it rotates as it is a surplus type store, always looks the same.It's a chain, but it's a good one.
4	TJ Maxx is one of my favorite places to shop, especially when I am alone!  Shoes are a hit or miss.  Some days I find a great selection, in accordance with my preferences, and at other times, there are none.  Finding clothing to my taste requires a more searching and oftentimes, I don't have time or energy to do it.  Otherwise, I love TJ Maxx and I am a happy camper when I have a good day shopping.  This past weekend was a great one for me.  Shopping at two locations netted great items for the girls and a few for myself as well.
4	Clean store, well organized. Although I was disappointed in the suit selection (or lack thereof), the dresses and other women's wear were plentiful.Like Michelle B said, it's hit and miss-but that's what bargain shopping is all about! You never know what kind of treasure you are going to find!LOVE TJ MAXX-from the clothes and shoes to the housewares, it's a great place to find great deals!
4	Please do not sleep on this TJ Maxx! I absolutely love the quality items that they get in. For one, in the spring and summer they have an awesome collection of Coach and Michael Kors sandals. Killer handbags but u have to do a little digging. A lot of times people will find a bag and try to hide it up under a clutter if other bags and even behind the scarves but seek and yee shall find (Amen). Great selection of home goods; Ralph Lauren towels/plates/beddings, Calvin Klein sheets, etc. And believe it or not a pretty nice selection of extra virgin olive oil. The price is about $7.99 - $12.99 but it beats paying $25 and over. I'm just saying that if you want the most bang for ur buck then check out this TJ Maxx.
4	I don't give this place enough credit. I do tend to walk away with something in my hand! And today, I found a gem amongst the pile of knickknacks in the clearance section. I know that book cover and color and design anywhere! It was Julia Child's Mastering the Art of French Cooking, in hardcover. Winning!Location - easy to get to off Woodlawn and South. Lots of parking space, can be entered in from Woodlawn or South Rd.Inside the store - it appears a bit messy. And that would ruin my mood to shop... But not if there are cool things to buy in the homes/food area. I could pretty much spend 1-2 hours scrounging thru the pile of items to see what I want.
4	This TJ Maxx was recently renovated about 2 years ago, so everything is actually very well organized and clean for a discounted department store. The dressing rooms are brand new!When it comes to buying clothes, I prefer Marshall's over TJ Maxx. However, they do have a good selection of home goods here. They also have a pretty good jewelry section here which is NOT available at Marshalls, so this is a plus. When I say jewelry I mean sterling silver and chain necklaces and charms and pendants, not just fashion jewelry. They also have a good selection of purses here and beauty and hair products. Overall no complaint about this store! I have been frequenting this store for the past 5 years. If you need something for your home but do not want to pay the high price tag to get quality brand name items, check this place out before you hit up more expensive options!
3	Like any TJ Maxx or TJ Maxx-like place.... patience is a virtue to shop here. You really have to be in the mood to look around and dig.I'll break this location down in terms of selection.The good: -Great workout section. You can find a lot of steals on yoga pants, sports bras, exercise tops.-Hair/beauty products. Solid assortment of hair spray, heat styling tools, lotions, face wipes etc.-Home goods. This TJ Maxx came in super handy during my latest move.The not-so-good:-General clothing. Consistently not the greatest in terms of stores like these.-Shoes. Hit or miss-Bags/luggage. Weak.The store is pretty clean and the parking lot is easy to get in and out of on a busy day. A-OK is a pretty spot on description for this location.
4	Its been a long time since I was last in a TJ MAXX store. They have an eclectic mix of apparel and housewares. The part that I've always liked is the sweets section. Tonight I bought a couple of white chocolate bars from Godiva for $2.00 apiece. I hope to be spending more time there looking for bargains. They definitely have a better selection than Burlington.
