5	My husband and I went to this store for the first time looking for tile.  Wow! Do they have the selection and the best prices around.  Also, a very knowledgeable staff. Kyle was awesome!  He gave us an education in tile and answered all of our many questions.  He obviously new his products.  We will definitely recommend Kyle and this store.
5	This is your one stop shop for any tile or other flooring. The staff are very professional and make your shopping experience five star. Thank you so much, our company is extremely happy with this store and the location.
5	My sister and I came in today to look at the store and Rudy helped us. He was very professional and knew his products well. I would definitely recommend this store for all your flooring needs.
5	Rudy was awesome. He was a great help for hours!!!  My friends kept relooking, changing her mind. All over the store. Rudy was soooo patient.....Listening and giving opinions.  Even drawing a diagram. The store is overwhelming with choices.
5	RUDY was AWESOME!!! Even though he's the assistant department manager, he took the time to understand my needs and helped me to pick out the best tiles and supplies for my project. The ENTIRE staff made the buying process EASY!!!!
5	The newest store with the nicest staff. Nothing but helpful and friendly people, great prices, selection and location. Alyssa made my returns and purchases a breeze. Welcome to the hood!
5	Yahoooo! Finally a store staffed with friendly and knowledgeable people. It's like I died and went to tile heaven. I was very excited to hear a location was opening in central Phx, and even more pleased after visiting the store.My former contractor (had to give him the boot) didn't measure my showers correctly and I was short about a 1/4 of my master shower on tile, which only the Phx location seemed to have in stock. Problem: they weren't open yet. After a desperate plea to the Tempe store, the store manager, Heather called me from the Phx store. Heather was quick to pull what i needed and allowed me to go purchase it in the middle of setting up for their opening. I'm really thankful for heather and her staff and won't go anywhere else!
1	This place is the worst  - has the potential to be best but they have blown it.  You order and pay for your tile, and they tell you they have it all in stock but when you go to pick it up, they dont have it and tell you that you have to drive to another location to get the rest !!! Really????  they refuse to transfer inventory between locations as needed and expect the customer to drive all over the city tracking down the missing pieces of an order that is already paid for! wow, total crap and im nevver buying from these idiots again.  good luck.  If you buy from them, make sure you leave with your entire order  same time as you pay.
5	Bought our wood flooring and tile from this store. Bill spent 2 hours with us helping to select our wood floors, and he was very helpful. I came back the next week and designed 3 bathrooms with Bill. He was amazing at putting flooring, wall, and accent tiles together. We shopped for 4 hours straight, filled 2 carts, and then he meticulously loaded all the tile into my vehicle. Bill is talented, joyful, and first class all the way. This store is clean, organized, and has a huge selection. The manager Heather introduced herself and shook my hand. Great customer service all the way. Financing was a 5 minute procedure at a kiosk. Take the amount you are approved for on the kiosk print out to the register when you check out. Love the 0% for 16 months deal. Don't waste your time at other stores. This is a one stop shop.
