5	I think this is for the gondola ride in The Venetian.Anyway, the first time I rode on it, it was the indoors one because the person working behind the reservation desk told my boyfriend inside would have more of a "Venice feel" and outside would have more of a "Vegas-feel." We wanted the "Venice feel." However, it was WINTER time  and freezing cold outside, so that helped in our decision for the indoor ride. But it was weak! I give this ride 2 stars because our gondolianer was lame! He only sang one song and he wasn't friendly at all! Plus the indoor ride felt really short and there are soooo many people looking at you and taking photos of you while you're on the gondola! Dude, I am shy! And totally kills the moment!Although the indoor one sucked, 5 stars have been redeemed for the OUTDOOR RIDE. My boyfriend and I went again this summer while the night was nice out and not cold. It was sooo beautiful!  We didn't get a private ride so we shared with another couple, but it was hands down more romantic even with the couple than by ourselves on the indoor ride last time. It's $16 shared boat and I think $60 private, why pay more for a private... it's practically the same. Our gondolianer was amazing. He sang two Italian songs and one English song. He was an awesome singer! The lights outside, the water, and the architecture outside of the Venetian created the perfect setting. I felt the ride was a lot longer than the indoor one and we went through either three tunnels or a tunnel three times, haha. I really loved it and I'm glad we went on the outdoor one. This is what the real rides are like in Venice! If you ask me, the outdoor one is the one with the more "Venice feel!" Actually, I've been on a gondola ride in the daytime in Venice and I still enjoyed this Venetian outdoor one during the night better! =)
2	I went on the indoor ride and we shared a gondola with random people. This was a slight mistake because they were silent the entire time and weren't up for having fun, plus the guy had a huge disgusting wart on his temple that I couldn't stop staring at. Um.The gondolier was wonderful. He was really nice, really talkative, had a great voice. He made it fun. But the gondola ride itself, enhhhh. I go in for cheesy fun touristy ripoff stuff like this all the time, but I wouldn't recommend this. It looks way more fun than it is and costs far too much for the level of fun that you have. When you reach the turnaround point, you'll think to yourself, THAT'S IT?? And yes, that's it. Seriously. It's nowhere near as exciting as you'd think it would be. Outdoor one is supposed to be better, so maybe go for that instead. The indoor one can be skipped.
5	This is probably the cheesiest thing I'll ever do in Vegas...and yes it was my idea. It was a drag to get the bf to go, but in the end he LOVED it! It was relaxing and our gondalier was amazing. He had a beautiful voice and we really enjoyed relaxing after shopping around. We opted to share the gondola and ended up with a single guy just traveling the US.Coolest thing ever....you can get married on the gondola! There's a special wedding gondola! We saw someone getting ready to be married as we were exiting.We were so cheesy that we even bought the stupid souvenier photo. They're such sales people..Next time, I want to try the outdoor one!
4	I did not go for it today and I havent ever either. Ive sworn that my first ride should either be magical or breath taking with a significant other.=p. Anything less than that would be unacceptable--nah. Jz kidding. I was a fan at the rails. I would love to but im not riding there just for the sake of experiencing the O sol e' mio vocals. They have these Italian boat crew singing around the venetian walk ways while they try to switch staff. Gimmicks. pretty organized as they tell what time to be in line so you could still go shop or walk around. Wait in an hour and there you ride. mimicking the venice gondolas has been one of their coolest gimmicks aside from the tall-green lady vines that moves  slow and sexy.
4	We thoroughly enjoyed our gondola ride at the Venetian.  We opted for the outdoor ride.  We lucked out and walked up, bought our tickets, and were able to board within 15 minutes.  It was a beautiful day, warm with a slight breeze.  Our guide was a friendly older gentleman who chatted us up, same some Sinatra for us, and let us enjoy the company of each other.  Couldn't have asked for anything better at that moment.  Oh and we got a cute picture of us on the gondola (too bad it cost $20+ for the photo).  Hey don't forget to tip your guide.
3	The last few times I was in Vegas, I didn't ride the gondola because the wait time was over two hours. I am one impatient girl and can't be waiting around that long to ride in a gondola. The very last time I was in Vegas, the line was pretty short & the bf & I only had to wait about 25 minutes. I figured it's now or never; the lines were never going to be this short again, so we paid our $16 per person & shared an indoor ride with another couple.Despite being very cheesy and the most touristy thing you could possibly do in Vegas, it turned out to be a really fun, romantic ride. Our gondola driver guy sang one silly song & one romantic song & instructed me & the bf to kiss. It was really cute. I'm glad I experienced riding in a gondola because I don't know when I will ever make it out to Venice, but I don't think I will be taking that ride again. One time was enough...just so I could say I did it, you know?
3	we went there on a Saturday afternoon  on 8/1/09 and were prepared not to be able to get a reservation that day for an indoor gondola as it's 106 degrees outside but yup, we got it for 6:30pm :)get there about 10minutes early.we paid for a private ride indoors for the two of us $64.  it's about 20mins long.  if i knew they would not take my camera and take pictures for us, we would have opted for the $16pp and shared it with two other ppl as they can take pictures for me and I would them.it was a nice ride with our guide with the fake accent roll us thru the canals of the Venetian hotel and then sang about 4 songs.  for a minute there, i didnt feel like i was in a hotel/casino but somewhere else...like Venice :)  it's a one and done kind of deal that my hubby agreed to do with me.
3	I would have rather saved my money and watch the idiots that paid for a ride through a mall. But hey I guess you live and learn...its an impulse thing to go in vegas... Its nice if your trying to get into somebodys pants..but Im married and have already gone through all the swooning from the hubby. I would rather spend the money in one of the stores in the mall. But it keeps you entertained for a minute...preventing you from gambling away more money at the black jack table..so I guess thats always a plus.
2	Expensive for what you get.  We had a 2 for 1 voucher for the gondola ride, because we were staying at the Venetian Hotel.  I don't know that we would have done it otherwise.  We went first thing in the morning and got 3 tickets. We were told by the woman that our time was 12:30.  We thought that was a long time since it was 10-something, so we wandered over to the Palazzo to waste some time.  When we got to the line at 12:15pm, we gave them our tickets and they said we were late.  The tickets said 11:30am.  The woman had told me 12:30pm repeatedly.  At least the people in line honored our tickets, but I was NOT impressed.  We watched the other groups get in their boats (4 people max) and realized that the gondola drivers are drastically different.  Some sing, some suck.  We were hoping to get a really friendly singing one. Yes, they are all supposed to sing, but some are light years better than others.  We were unlucky.  Our gondola driver was unfriendly and grumpy.  He sang one song poorly.  It's a cool idea.  We did our ride inside.  If I were you, I'd do the outside one and hope for a better driver.  Maybe just watch from the sidelines and save up for the real thing in Italy?
4	Four of us = $64.00, Beats the airfare to Venice....so we had to try it. There is a bit of a wait. You get a ticket for a certain time and then you come back and get in line. Most Gondola drivers serenade you with great Italian songs! The ride itself may be only 10 minutes, but it is super relaxing in super charged Las Vegas! AHHHHHHHHHHHHH!
5	This is the most romantic ride ever! The best 13 minutes of my life. It was even more amazing since my significant other threw in his own personal touch. =) That's because half way through the ride, he got down on his knee and asked me to marry him. (There's waay more to the proposal but we can leave those parts out) =)During this time, our guide lady kept singing in her amazing voice, so soft and soothing. It was the perfect moment! She even took my camera and snapped a picture of the moment. I guess they aren't allowed to touch our cameras for legal reasons but we were an exception :). When I finally looked up, people were watching us and started clapping and whistling. I couldn't ask for a better proposal! If you want privacy, rent the whole boat yourself. Otherwise, you have to share with another couple. We were told that you're suppose to kiss under every bridge. Sure, it's a short ride around the hotel, but it is one ride I will never forget. Thank you Venetian Gondola for making it the best ride of my life!
3	I agree with everyone else that reviewed this ride! I just had to do it just so that i can say, i've been on the gondola ride in vegas!  I did it! I've been to vegas quite a few times now and I've always wanted to ride it.. Due to its extremely long lines everytime i've passed by.. that prevented me from going!  I went around 11am this time and the line was quite short! 10 minutes wait at the most and there i go hopping onto a gondola with another couple!  It was cute how they told everyone that it is good luck to kiss under every bridge.. I felt like the center of attention when everyone in the hotel on the side stared at us.. Now i know how it feels to be on the other side!!Only disappointing part of the ride was how short it was!!  It's not worth getting your private gondola.. unless you are a baller!  (save your money for drinks and shows! )Our tour guide only sang one song though.. I heard the other workers sing better... :/  But he told us he was in venice a few years back and did the same thing.. I can't imagine what he thinks of the gondola in a hotel compared to the real thing!!!
5	what an amazing journey!!!  this ride is so romantic! if your looking to get laid please check this ride out and make it happen.  Its about a 13 minute ride but every minute is worth it.  The riders are great and can sing any romantic song you throw at them. Ours sang a boys to men song in italian. classic!!!   great ride and great experiance
4	We took the ride inside the grand canal we are staying at the Venetain and recieved 50% off  the ride and it was very nice and relaxing, we got to sing that's Amore with out Gandola driver. You must be 52 inches or taller to ride and wear seat belts.
4	My wife and I rode the Gondolas on our honeymoon on our last trip to Vegas.We did notice long lines every time we wanted to go.  Finally one evening about 9pm we were walking by and seen it was empty!!  We ran over to check it out and seen it was $16 a pop, or you pay double and can have the ride privately. What the hell is romantic about sharing a gondola ride!?!?  Soooo of course they suckered us in for the private ride.  The ride was very fun, the singer was Awesome, he truly had talent and shouldn't have been singing on the gondolas, seems he should be doing something way more professional. If you show up with your huge tourist drinks they have a spot to put them until the ride is over which is nice not having to pound a 75 oz margarita.Take it for what it's worth folks.  It's obviously Vegas, not Venice. Ride is fun and some might find it spendy....I DID....but at the same time well worth the experience.  No need to ride it again, but surely enjoyed it when did.  I would totally recommend taking your special lady on this ride.
2	Warning!  Don't go on this ride if you just got back from Disneyland (Pirates of the Caribbean is much better) or have ridden in a real gondola before.  (Okay, so I rode on an authentic Venetian gondola on Lake Merritt in Oakland http://www.gondolaservizio.com/ and not in Venice).  No matter, this gondola ride was cheesy and a waste of money.  $16 PER PERSON for 15 minutes of sitting on a motorized boat shaped like a gondola going up and down a canal inside a mall is a rip off.  I know I know, no one forced me on this ride.  But I had to check it off my "to-do" list and I was finally able to get two people to go on with me.
1	OMG...what a ripoff.  There is an 'inside' and an 'outside' ride. We happened to choose the one outside.  We stood in line longer than the actual 12 minute ride - in one tunnel and out the other. my husband burst out laughing when he saw that we were immediately making a circle back.  I would feel guilty if i didn't warn people to 'save your money'. i'm all for romance but this was laughable.
3	I've been going to Vegas for yearss and mann everytimeee we stay at the Venetian or walk by the gondola ride I alwaysss tell my hubby that we have to stop by..he always tells me yeah babe we will..we will..yeah rightttt..Finallllyyy on our last trip to Vegas I finally convinced him to go on the Gondola ride..the line was hella longgg and they did tell us that we can go private or share..private would be much more expensive of course and why the hell would I want to share a gondola ride when it's suppose to be "romantic"Anyhowwww we finally get on the Gondola they snap our pictures and tell us that they can't take our pictures cuz they have our own guy who takes pictures..yeahhh so you can charge another leg so we buy it.okayy so here we gondolinggg away..we decided to do the inside it was nice..yeah our guy was really good singer and he even sang a song per my request which was nice...it lasted no more than 5 minutes..i was kinda bummed out when it was done..We ended up spending another $15-20 on photos..it was a good memory..would I go back? Probably NOT!! It's definitely good to try just ONCE. :)
5	At $16/person for the shared gondola ride and $64/couple for a private one, the Venetian gondola ride is a bit on the pricey side. But can you really put a price on romance?! Hm.. I guess you can.Anyway, the BF pulled a cute one on our last day in Vegas and took me on a ride through the Venetian on a gondola, complete with a gondola man with an Italian accent who sang to us twice. They do a great job setting the mood (couple pictures at the beginning, cute italian serenade). I HAVE to give this 5 stars because it was a sweet gift from the BF =]
3	This ride is so cheesy. SO CHEESY I TELL YOU.It's $16 per person. Four person per boat. $64 if you don't want to share and want a 'more romantic, but still cheesy' ride.Yes, it sounds cute. Sitting in a gondola, having someone sing Italian songs to you, even though you don't understand a word that's coming out of their mouth. This is NOT (I would have bolded this word if I could) worth your money. The ride is so short and the excess noise from all the tourists make this ride so blah and not romantic at all. But I suppose it might worth your money if you want to be able to tell your friends, "Yes, I have been on the cheesy gondola ride at the Venetian."
3	Ya know, I believe this gondola ride looks several billion times cooler than it actually is. Walking about the Venetian you can't help but notice the meandering waterways (both indoor and outdoor) filled with gondolas being pushed by singing Italians. I hand it to the Venetian for the awesome ambiance---however, I probably won't fork over $16/person for a gondola ride again west of the Mississippi.They offer an option to pay $64 for a private gondola. My date and I just paid the $16/person and ended up with a private gondola by chance. I have to admit we felt victorious given we watched people in line pay the $64. Our gondolier was Italian and nice enough, however I did not get the romantic feeling I would expect because of his incessant small talk. It really was 12 minutes of chatting with a complete stranger and 1 minute of him singing under the outdoor tunnel. My date and I exchanged a peck because making out would have felt like a private soft porn video for the Italian gondolier. The cool part? Being in a gondola on a man-made body of water. Somehow floating around never ceases to be awesome. I did enjoy the city lights (if you do end up trying this out, I recommend doing the outdoor ride at night) but will be enjoying the city lights on dry ground next time, while my $16 remains nestled in my pocket.
2	My beautiful Vegas date was stoked on the gondola rides since before we even arrived in town. So naturally on our last day, we went down to the Venetian in the burning heat and reserved a gondola ride for 9pm. The couple in front of us paid $64 for a private ride, luckily we paid half that and got our own gondola regardless. Good timing I guess.The gondolier was a nice kid, exchanged some funny words here and there. Unfortunately I was obviously uncomfortable with the chit-chat and small-talking about our Vegas time/where we're from/etc. I felt really bad for my date, she had put her hard-earned money down for the ride to see the lights at night and peacefully float with me, but we had our ear talked off for the very short ride. Maybe some people eat this up but next time I'll be tipping them at the start and ask for a quiet ride. It was so short and with the forced conversation, I was done. Touristy and not for me.
3	Hahaha - I can't believe that we actually did the gondola ride. The Gondola man had a very good voice, and we did have a good time, but the ride itself is short, very impersonal since you have to steer to the side in order to not run into the next boat over, people are steering at you the entire time, and, yes, it is cheesy too ;-)
4	I thoroughly enjoyed this!  It was $16 per person to share a gondola and our gondolier, Mario, was absolutely the tops: charming, knowledgeable, and a wonderful, wonderful singer.  They seem to all be this way.  As Mario put it, "they hire actors/singers because it's easier to teach people to steer a gondola than it is to teach them to sing."  Beyond that, of course, the Venetian is simply stunning and a treat to be paddled around in.  :-)
2	Just way too short. They are definitely all about making the money as quick as possible. The whole thing just seems slighted. Its a great idea, but not the best for the price and the people that steer the Gondola should do more singing and less chit-chat.
4	This is a pretty neat thing to check out with your significant other.Pretty simple: You pay per person (they offer military discount), go to the gondola at the time listed (always be there a lil early), they situate you depending on what you paid for (private gondola, shared gondola with another couple, etc), and off on the adventure you go.We shared the gondola with another couple (who was also from San Diego) and got to do the tour indoors. People lurk at you from the side rails so that was pretty entertaining. The person controlling our gondola had an amazing voice, everyone in our group was very impressed.Overall it was a fun thing say I was able to do and they do take your picture before the ride if you want to purchase the "captured moment" on film.
4	This was fun stuff.  We went in our own private gondola.  Of course, that came with a price.  We had to pay for the empty seats.  It was around 11am and we were on the outside of the Venetian with no waiting to speak of.So, at $16 a seat we paid for the whole gondola and that cost $64.  I'm going to say it was kind of romantic but the ride was short about 7 or 8 minutes out and the same back.  But really, the guy singing and steering the gondola that would be a lot of work so I completely get that.This was fun stuff and of course we bought the picture pack at the end with several photos and a key fob.  That was more money left in Vegas and it was cute but once I've done that I don't need to do it again.On the upside the back of our gondola tickets had a coupon good for $5 off of Madame Tussauds and/or Legoland.  We saved some money going into the wax museum which was also a lot of fun.  (See additional review)Contrary to Jaqueline Susann's opinion, Once is enough.A fun time give it a try.
4	I had been wanting to do this for ages and was so happy to have Pippo as my steersman (request him if you can!). We shared a boat with another couple for friends and had a blast listening to Pippo sing, crack jokes, and tell us about his experiences working for the Venetian. The wait is not very long in the evening. Guys, book some tickets and whisk her away to dessert after a lovely meal. You should definitely be getting some sort of points (corny, cute, romantic). Tips:* If you're budget minded, ask for some coupons upon check-in, they'll happily hand you over some for a few bucks off. * Unfortunately no food or beverage is allowed on the boats unless you sign up for the wedding package (outfitted wedding boat included, inquire within). * Make sure to bring a camera for on-ride action shots!
4	OK, I'm a total cornball, but I loved every second of this ride. It was totally cheesy, the gondolier sang songs like the theme from the Godfather and other "Romantic" songs and talked to us while we floated along, and it was super cute and romantic. He told us to kiss for luck when we went under the bridges and I loved it! My bf just did it for me. I don't think he liked it nearly as much as I did but it was great that he went along. They took our pics when we got on and floated away, which we got to buy and now I have one sitting on my desk to remind me of our little "trip" and it makes me smile when I look at it. This is definitely corny, but totally worth it! A must try when in Vegas.
5	OK did the Vegas thing. Gambling, gaudy sites, clubbing, mischief.... Oops... LolBut, the bestest part of the trip was definitely riding in the gondolas. Travel chica and I LOVED this part the best. It was such a corny but charming thing to do and our awesome gondolier Sergio belted out all the classic Italian songs operatic style under the fake Italian sky throughout the Venetian shopping area. I couldn't help but sing along! O Sole Mioooooo~~~There was a cute married couple sitting in front of us, so they were adorable to watch. They had been to Venice, but said that this was a good and more affordable substitute for the real thing if they didn't feel like making the long trip to the real Venice.Make sure you reserve at least $100 for this. Yes, it is pricey, and yes, there is an annoying wait, and yes, they will hook line and sinker your touristy butt into buying more corny tourist junk afterwards, but it is worth it just for the experience. I'd do it again, but next time hopefully with a partner. Travel chica won't let me kiss her!!  Hahaha!
4	I remember when I first came to Vegas and saw newlyweds go on gondola rides... It was adorable. Ever since then, I just wanted to ride it. When we finally did, it was a really nice experience. We got to sit back and relax, and listen to the guy sing in Italian. I just wish I understood what he was singing, then I could actually say it was "romantic." Although, people staring at you while you're trying to enjoy your ride was a bit weird, but oh well. It was still a wonderful experience nonetheless.
5	It was my wife's first time to Vegas so I took her to the Venetian to do a little shopping.  The outdoor Italian village look with the fake sky and buildings absolutely blew her mind, but what caught her attention was the canal that snaked its way past all the stores - and the gondolas that were floating by.  Her reaction was really adorable - like a kid meeting Santa for the first time - and she'd chase up and down the walkways and across bridges for these vantage shots of the little boats and said "hurry hurry!" to gawk at the next gondola.  I wasn't too interested in riding a gondola and figured the wait time was too long and the tickets too pricey, so I played the ol' "Boy, we'd better hurry, gotta get to that show in six hours..." line and whisked ourselves out to the next casino.  Even after catching one Cirque Du Soleil show after another the next couple days, the wife would NOT stop talking about those **** gondolas!So I surprised her with a trip back to the Venetian later in the week to ride on a gondola, and she was ecstatic.  She even dressed up for it!  It really made her happy, and yes I enjoyed it too.  The singing was great, the gondolier was amusing, the wait time was quick (only 30 minutes at noon) and the pictures turned out beautifully.  $52 for the whole thing (tickets at $16 each and $20 keychain and photos) was a bit on the pricey side, but definitely something you should try at least once and we had a great time.Yes, nevermind those $150 tickets to Cirque Du Soleil and pricey dinners and a massive penthouse suite atop of the MGM Signature, the gondola ride was what made this an awesome Vegas trip and what the wife will talk about the most.
3	Well I suppose I enjoyed myself.  On a hot day, it is a nice cool, relaxing time down by the "canal" with the "gondoliers".  Unfortunately the value just isn't there.  Even in a city where everything is way too expensive, the private gondola ride is just waaaaaay to pricy at $64 for about 7 minutes of boating and listening to the potentially fake italian accent of your guide.
5	$16 a head, indoors or outdoors (but not both). It is a 10-13 minute ride on a gondola in the fake canals around and inside the Venetian. I think this is appropriate to start with so you know how much and where.5 stars, however, because our Gondolier sang "That's Amore" and gave us some tips on checking out the restaurants and clubs at the Venetian and Palazzo. Of some note that may be offputing to you: (1) sometimes their machine is broken, (2) bad singing possibly, (3) short ride.However, I thought it was a nice way to just do something off my feet after trekking up and down the strip on foot in the beating sun. Domenico, our gondolier, was extremely friendly had talked about how much he liked our town of San Francisco. Whether his accent was fake or not, did not matter. It was a fun ride with friends and a good song on a hot day.
2	$16/person to sail around a cracka-- make-believe lake.You can't do indoor and outdoor, it's either/or though your nice gondola pusher will sing you an Italian tune.It is a beautiful pretty ride, but it lasts about 7 minutes.I think I got super ripped off.Or maybe because I'm spoiled and have a gondola ride available (FOR WAY CHEAPER btw) where I live.
4	It cost $16.00 per person For a private ride is $64.00 I think that is a rip off for paying for 2 extra empty seats. But thats Vegas somehow to nail you like that. Best bet is to share a ride and pay $32.00 save the extra $32.00 on something else. Minus the one star.Service is cool, they take professional photos of you. At the end you go back to were you pay for the ride to get some photos.
5	5 stars for the attentive staff, the jellyfish is awesome!
2	$16 a person if you're willing to ride with other people or $64 for a private ride. It is an entertaining 13 minute ride but not really worth the price. Feel free to scratch this from your trip ... you're really not missing out.
4	When life imates Art, and that imitation is further distorted and squeezed into a shaky canoe, how can one possibly resist? I have lived and loved in Venice, and I cannot help but take a ride on the Las Vegas Gondola's at least once a year. I just went again this week. Here artifice and silly splendor bouyantly converge in a chlorinated channel. I love to watch rotund mid-western tourists rock the boat as they squeeze into their tight seats. I love to question the gondoliero's about their fake Italian names. I love to be reminded not to take life so seriously, because its all an illusion anyway.  I love to remember that all expressions of joy count, even if experienced under a domed plaster sky within the dome of a desert valley.
5	Located at the Venetian... they have indoor and outdoor gondola rides. We opted for the outdoor ride... it wasn't too hot outside and it was a gorgeous day in LV. $16 a person... you can get a private gondola for $64... OR, be smart and watch the lines... we ended up getting a private gondola ride outside for $32 only because we timed it where no one was behind us in line. (I'll save that other $32 for the slots!)We were paddled around by a nice young gentleman who actually looked as if he was Italian! (he actually might've been)... he had a VERY thick accent and when he sang to us, well, he didn't sound cheesy or retarded. SCORE! Cute and romantic and very touristy to do!We even got professional pictures taken and to this day I'll smile when I see them... I can recall him speaking to us and singing to us and he was just the cutest ever!
3	My husband and I booked this as part of the romance package through Southwest. We got to experience the wax museum, dinner at Tinorotto, and this gondola ride. Although it was short and we ended up having to share a gondola with some old lady but it was still a pretty nice experience. Our gondolier was really Italian and he had a beautiful singing voice. He was also very friendly and talkative which made the ride less awkward riding with a stranger. Our ride took place outside which I am glad about. The weather was beautiful and all the lights made it even better. If you are in Vegas with your significant other and you have some spare time I recommend giving it try. Just be prepared to have pay like $30 to ride alone which I think is kind of shady for such a short ride. They take some pictures of you before the ride and you have the option to buy them at the end if you want. I thought it was neat experience but not really at the top of my list of things to do. Go for it if you have some spare time on your hands. Honestly if it weren't for the romance package I don't know if I would have done it. having the extra things included made it seem more worth it.
5	We loved this! It's $16 per person or $64 for a private ride (we did end up riding with strangers). We had Davido as our gondolier and besides his charming smile and lovely singing voice, after about 20 seconds he dropped the fake Italian accent and gave us the locals scoop on good places to eat (like the restaurant where Joe Pesci stabbed that dude in the neck in that one movie) and a couple awesome hikes in the area (turns out he was into hiking too). We loved the gondola ride. Worth the money.
3	The gondola ride is okay.I wouldn't recommend people to ride it, but I wouldn't stop people from experiencing it if they're curious.We sat with another couple and it was not awkward at all. As an option you can pay extra for a private gondola ride. If you come with more than 4 people, your group will need to split up.They take pictures for you right after you board the gondola to purchase after, but the photos for mine did not come out so well.The worker did a great job making light conversation with all of us and he did a wonderful job singing in Italian.You can choose to ride the gondola outdoor or indoor. Each choice has their own location to purchase the tickets. The indoor ticket booth is located inside their store while the outdoor one is located near the entrance of the Venetian.I would've liked to ride the outdoor one because it seems to be more romantic especially at night with all the lights. I felt the indoor one did feel a bit fake since you could see so many stores and people walking, eating, and staring.
5	Our gondola ride through the canals of the Venetian Hotel was a lot of fun. Our Gondolier, Mario, was a wonderful singer. He sang the Italian Folk song, Santa Lucia, with a lot of heart. In fact, he did a remarkable job singing to four single women. Yeah, I'd do this again the next time I'm in Las Vegas, because I loved it!
5	This is the greatest idea ever! It's about $15 to take the indoor gondola [it was too cold to go outside at the time] but it takes you from one end of the river all the way to the other [which ends up close to the Palazzo Hotel]. You get a singing and friendly gondolier and also beautiful imitations of Venezia on either side as you slowly cruise by. Definitely worth it and so cute!
4	If you can't make it back to Venice, this is the next best thing? I've always wanted to go on the gondola ride at the Venetian, but never had the excuse to do it.  So when I took a trip to Vegas with my mother, this was the perfect opportunity.  Was it worth it?  The smile, and look amazement on my mothers face... Priceless.  Quick Tip: Go when it's not crowded, usually late at night when people are gambling so you can get a private gondola ride.  $15 per person.  Well worth the photo opportunity for your family or friends.
4	The gondola ride in the Venetian is probably my favorite thing in Las Vegas.At $16/person, this gondola is a whole lot less expensive than the ones in Venice. You also don't have the smell of vaporettos and pidgin poop when you ride. (Note: We took the indoor canal tour as the outdoor one was closed. I'd still probably stick with the indoor ride to avoid traffic noise ruining the ambiance.)Our gondolier, Salvatore, had a better singing voice than many of the Vegas acts that we saw during the week, and the architectural charm of the resort canal is truly charming.If you're in Las Vegas with your sweetie and looking for a place far removed from the QR-code sweatshirt-wearing pornographic card flickers that flood The Strip, this is the place to go. Duck into the Venetian, have a romantic and elegant evening, and forget that just outside is one of the sleaziest streets in America.
4	A friend gave my wife and I two free passes for the outdoor gondola ride. The entrance / ticket booth for the outside ride is kinda tucked away in the back left corner, we had to ask a Venetian security guard to direct us to it. I asked at the ticket booth if we could use the passes that day and if there was a need to make a reservation and she said we could get on a gondola right now if we wanted but we would have to share with another couple. Ok no problemo.It was one of the chillier days in Vegas at about 2 pm the first week of December. So they offered us a blanket to drape over us and they also asked us to pose for a photo, which we never even saw. No biggie, I don't think we would have paid for it anyway. The other couple we were seated across from asked us to take their picture with their camera and they returned the favor for us.Our gondolier was very nice and friendly and yes she was talkative, asking us where we from and so on. I know that turns some people off, but we enjoyed her conversation. When the bell tower rang she explained how it was a replica of a bell tower in Venice. She sang "Al Di La" to us in a beautiful voice and then gave us a brief English translation of the lyrics. If there was anything at all that upset me, it was the loud blaring disco music being played at the ice skating rink outside the Venetian they had set up for their "Winter in Venice" festival. It was so loud that it made her song almost impossible to hear. She even apologized for it when she was done singing. Not her fault. Not only could she sing, she could steer the hell out of that gondola too. I forget how long the ride actually was, but it was fun, and romantic. Will do again, maybe next time inside or outside in warmer weather.
4	We went to the one outside the venetian. It was romantic. The guy was singing and it was a smooth ride. I'm a big girl and my husband is a big guy so we were a little apprehensive about going but the ride was smooth. The ONLY downfall is we didn't get a private ride we had to share it with another couple. But they were pretty nice so it was all good.
4	The Gondola ride at the Venetian is truly a romantic experience. I have been on it twice with my boyfriend and we have always enjoyed the experience. The gondoliers are very friendly and have truly magnificent voices. If you don't mind sharing a gondola with other random people, it will be prices at $16 per person. However, if you want a private gondola for just you and your loved one it will be $64 total. I have tried both options before and the experience really is different. When you are sitting with other random people, you get to meet people and the gondolier talks to you in a more casual way. They will sing very different songs from the private ride. On the private ride, it is pure romance. The gondolier will introduce his or herself then proceed to serenade you with various Italian love songs. Sometimes they take requests as well! Being on the private boat, although romantic, can be a bit awkward. People observing will just stare, comment on how cute it is, and sometimes even take random pictures of you as well. Although I don't mind having my picture taken, it is a little awkward when it is by a complete stranger. If you are planning on getting married in Vegas any time soon and want more of an intimate wedding, there is a wedding gondola which you can book. It is seven days a week and ranges from $1,000 - $1,650. The more expensive option includes professional photography, limo service, and other great goodies. You can also bring one other person on board with you.The gondola ride is definitely a must try if you're a hopeless romantic like myself.
4	Worth a private ride, with some nice romantic songs.
4	Was definitely worth the money even though the ride was too short! Worth doing with your loved one especially when you go underneath the bridge! ;-)
4	Dear Sir,No playing video poker and watching you scratch isnt romantic.  Riding the gondolas at the Venetian is.  Now that we got that covered... BUT, if romance is your goal dont ride them indoors.  There is nothing remotely soothing about being in a gondola on a man made lake while people point and stare as they shop.Opt for the outdoor adventure, closer to sunset though.  Now thats the plan of a man who actually doesnt wan to sleep alone.  Carry on sir, carry on.
4	Fun experience for 16 dollars per person.
5	We came on a Monday evening and got 2 general tickets for INDOORS. $16 each.- Sign up for grazie and get a complimentary ride! :)- Come on a monday and you only have to wait in line for 10min! :)- We were lucky. We had Geotano. His name sounds Italian. He even had an Italian accent! He MUST BE ITALIAN! He sang 4 songs for us. "On top of spaghetti..." LOL.- Other songs were Italian. I don't know what he was saying, but it sounded romantic.- When you go under a bridge, you MUST KISS. lol- He sings loud, voice echos under bridge. vibradooo. - He "rocks the boat" haha- Lasts for about 10min. - over 100 degrees outside. I'd stay for inside gondola.- Worth it. Spend it with a loved one :)
5	Easily a five star for two reasons: 1. Free tickets to the gondala ride (for the outside only) 2. Had an awesome gondolier, who was extremely funny. I kept laughing the entire time, i dont know if his jokes were any funny or i probably had one too many drinks but i just kept cracking up the entire time he said something.  On the gondola ride a show came up & he calls it the "the loud wall show." & best of all, he was a GREAT singer, singing in Italian! ohhh la la. I believe that our gondolier had made me give this gondola ride a FIVE-STAR. ETC:The price is $16/ person for a 10-13 minute ride& if you want to buy the pictures that they take on the gondola ride: You can choose: one picture for $21 or two pictures for $24. There was another package that they had, but i dont remember what the lady said.
4	After years of watching the gondolas on Vegas trips, I finally caved and paid the $16 admission. My boyfriend, two friends and I opted for the indoor canal ride as it was over 90 degrees outside and that seemed a little too hot to be enjoyable. The indoor ride was relaxing and would have been romantic without all the tourists. Our gondolier sang a song in Italian, which was a nice touch. Maybe sometime I will try the outdoor ride and see how the two compare.
5	The gondola rides inside the venetian was simply beautiful.The ride itself is $16 for 10-15 minutes.I noticed every gondolier tries to make your experience enjoyable and pleasant throughout the time.Indoor gondola is great for hot days, then having the sun shine directly on you, unless you can wait for sunset time then i would suggest outside.Great way to window shop and figure out where to go next after your done. You can purchase pictures after.What happens in the gondola, stays in the gondola, that being said...This is perfect for couples:)
4	lets be honest about this-its 16 bucks a person to ride in a boat with your spouse. or 64 if you want an entire boat to yourself. so we ended up sharing a boat with another couple. our paddler was a very nice man, great voice, kind and energetic. very memorable cant remember his name though. the one thing that made it worth the money was the kissing bridge. you make a wish and then you kiss the one your next to, for me it was my wife. then you make a wish. i made my wish and as most guys do the tune of something freaky. and all i got to say is that later on that night when we got back to the hotel room it was honeymoon time all over again. i didnt even tell her the wish until the plane ride home, im officially in a time out. bow chika wow wow!!
3	Emporium de Gondola is worth doing once, but that's about it... It is $16 a person, and they put 4 people to a boat. So if you go with your loved one expecting a romantic ride, you are going to be disappointed unless you each pay double for some privacy. There is no discount for being a Nevada local, but they do offer a small military discount. I went on a Sunday afternoon with my husband, his mother and her boyfriend. You can choose between indoor and outdoor, be aware that outdoor rides are subject to canceling if there is rain or a lot of wind. It was a bright, sunny day and there was a wait to ride indoors so we went with the outdoor ride. As soon as you board there is an employee wanting to take your photos, so they can charge you ridiculious prices for them after you ride. SIt was so sunny, none of our photos were worth buying due to the squinting, probably would have urned out better if they positioned the photo taker elsewhere... It's a pretty short ride, only 15 minutes or so... Our gondolier only sang one song, after we had already done under the bridge and were headed back. He spent the majority of the ride chatting with my mother in law.Maybe I would have enjoyed riding inside more? I doubt it though. Maybe I would have enjoyed it more if I was with just my husband? Perhaps, but I don't think it would be worth the $64 it would cost. Overall, cool to have done it once but I won't be rushing back to do it again any time soon.
4	The gondola ride was nice - it was peaceful and relaxing. I would recommend it for a one time deal in Vegas. I would give it 5 stars if it was less money or longer ride. It was $16 for about a 13 minute gondola ride.The gondola driver was great - she had a beautiful voice and serenaded us the entire time. So much fun - a good activity to add into seeing the Venetian.
4	I used to work in the Venetian...I never been on this ride until now... I was nice and different. Very cute romantic ride. I can't wait for the real ride. =)
3	My husband and I rode the outdoor gondolas mid-day, mid-week. There was no line so we had the boat to ourselves (and didn't have to pay extra for that privilege). The ride is ok, basically you make a circle.... Under the tunnel and back through.... While the gondolier chit chats with you and at the end sings a little. Not as romantic as I visioned. But it was a cute experience. Been there done that, checked off my list of things to do. The wax museum was much better here at the Venetian, we'd do that again.
5	I had to begged my hubby and brother in law to take me here and they finally did! I loved every moment of just relaxing and listening to a great voice singing to us. :-) :-)
3	Got ripped off!!! My husband and I came to Vegas for our honeymoon. He wanted to treat me to a Gondola ride, I was excited. We went to purchase tickets and there was not a line. My husband asked for us to have a private ride, since it seats 4. They explained we would have to purchase 4 tickets. I squabbled a little, but hubby happily dished it over and we got our tickets. Vegas is particularly slow in March and the weather was eh, so there was not a line. When we went to board our Gondola, the couple in front of us (who was getting off of the gondola) was raving about how great it is and how they got a private ride because there wasn't anyone else in line. Really? I can understand having to pay an upcharge if you want a private ride, but everyone should have to pay not just some. I did not think it was fair. When they were pushing their crappy souvenir photos on us I mentioned it again. We will not do it again.
3	It used to be gorgeous, if a bit pricy.  Construction mars the view at the moment.  I'd wait a few months until it is finished or opt for an outdoor gondola ride.
4	We ended up going on this ride because a couple walking by had a show to catch and couldn't make the reservation. We had tickets for the indoor one and the line was shorter for some reason. The wait still took about 30 minutes and our boat roarer was very pleasant. It was a nice first time experience but probably wont go on it again. Not like we were seeing anything different from just walking around the water area.
