3	I was tired of my blue pedicure ....I desperately wanted a change before I went on vacation. I wanted to have my nails painted a seashell pink but the finances were looking pretty bleak. I decided to take a leap of faith and bring my metallic Smurf colored toe nails into Best Nails for a make over ...budget be dammed! I didn't look at any prices I was just assuming it would cost around $25.00 like the last time I had them done...at another salon. While I was sitting relaxing getting my pedi I overheard one of the nail techs tell her customer that it would cost extra to take off her old nail polish. I was mentally kicking myself hoping that wasn't true...they'd probably charge me double to get this blue color off! ( I thought to myself) I tried to sit back and relax again then this lady comes in asking for a certain nail tech. The lady was told she would not be in today but someone else could do her nails. The lady declined and said, "The last time I had someone else here do my nails here they did a poor job". I had thoughts of an overpriced poorly done pedi in my head...Thanks a lot lady! In the end I had no need to worry my pedi looked cute and it was just $25.00 not including the tip. They prefer to have their tips in cash...just so you know. I didn't even ruin my pedi getting into my sandals. The nail tech had me put on my sandals first then painted my nails to avoid possible damage. I'm pretty clumsy so it was a good move on her part!
1	I just moved here from the Henderson area and after going to the same nail salon for years I was dreading changing nail salons because I can't do the drive anymore. This has to be the worst nail job I have had in years! They were chipping and breaking within two days. I have been so busy with work I haven't had time to go back in and have them fix it, and now have four out of 10 nails broken! These are acrylic with a gel over-lay and should be extremely strong. It took my technician over 2 hours to do a full set and she stabbed me and made me bleed with the cuticle cutters. Hopefully I don't need to get a rabies shot! The location is awesome so they get a constant flow of new business, but I can almost guarantee they don't get repeat client. Best Nails??? Me thinks not...
1	I went here and they do not want you to use credit card and to pay in cash.  They want you to use their ATM to get the cash and charge you a fee.   What kind of business are they running there?  Also it is very noisy with them shouting in their native language.  One Vietnamese lady kept laughing all the time and it drove me crazy.  I will never go back there again.
1	This nail salon was one of the worst places I've ever been to. I will never return or will I ever recommend anyone to come here. Both ladies who worked on me were very inconsiderate and so rude. For one, during my pedicure i noticed one of the workers dipping her fingers in what was supposed to be my manicure soak, so of coarse I wasn't going to use it. Second, I noticed that the girl next to me getting her pedicure, she came in the same time as me but for some reason her pedi lasted an extra 16 minutes longer than mine. Must be because she actually got a foot massage and foot scrub and I didn't.
3	Decent gel mani. Prices are a bit high, but I had a sweet tech- nobody was snooty when I was there. Mani lasted 2 weeks. 5 stars for anyone that can last 3 or more!!
2	I didn't have an appointment, I just really needed my nails done! So I just asked for a regular mani/pedi, nothing special....Well, I definitely got nothing special all around! I was greeted upon walking in, and was told "5 more minutes" for about 30 minutes. I would've gone elsewhere if that was the case and they just told me. My technician was nice, but I must say, I would be amazed if she was certified. I had the worst filing job and the worst paint job! My 3 year old niece could have done a better job. I was already late for a meeting so I just smiled so I could get out of there ASAP. Definitely not going back... I'll stick to a pricey nail bar before this again. Waste of time and waste of money.
1	OMG  this place is the most expensive place i have been to in my life... 2nd time here... i know, i dont learn!  I was the last client so i heard them discussing a higher rate... no coool at all...and speaking in their language ....how rude... First time, super rude guy who would not talk to me at all and was telling me how to get my nails and to get only GEL... of course cuz they are sooo pricey... this nail business has become about getting the MOST money out of girls and NOthing to do with caring nail treatment.  So saddd... n i love to do my nails...but i dont because of places like this.... Well this 2nd time NOT exagerating!!!!  It was 50 dollars plus a 10 tip for the rude girl and thats cuz im a generous person- Mind u this was to do my gel nail refills not even a FULL set of nails and NO white tip either... at the end i thought i would like white tips... the girl sais -  tooo late i already finished... oooh i was so upset...but i just paid and left... so rude. lord it would have been 80 with tips and full set! OH and there is a 3 dollar charge to pay with debit card... WTH and 7 dollars for white tips and 55 for gel nails and tack on the tip... easy 70 bucks ... ouch... not a good place guys The person doing my nails expressed that the rent there is expensive so they have to charge the clients more. She was also rather rude as always... i wont return. I really dislike when these nail techs TELL U what nails to get and color ... Hello i can make my own decisions... but they are all sooo pushy and rude... bad karmma .... dont go here...
2	I had frequented Best nails years ago and couldn't remember why I stopped going.  I was in the shopping center and thought I'd give it a try since it was convenient. The manager was in the 1st chair getting her toes done and was barking at customers and her staff as they walked in.  I instantly remembered why i stopped going; they're rude. I was already there and in a hurry so i had my pedi done quickly and handed the guy my debit card and $5.00 cash for his tip.  He then tells me there's a $3.00 service fee to use my debit card could i pay in cash.  I dug through my wallet and only had $25.00 so he would get no tip or I'd have to use the debit card.  I don't think the sentence came out of my mouth before he turned around w my card and rang it through.I ended up paying $28.00 for a pedi and then $5.00 on top of that, ridiculous.  I understand the banks charge them a service fee, but it's .50 not $3.00.  Next time i will remember why i don't go there and pass no matter how convenient it is.
2	I decided to give this place a try, but I will not be going back. It was clean and the employees were nice, but my tech did a terrible job on my cuticles on both my mani and my pedi. Worst ever.
2	I wentt to this location because my hubby and I were running errands and had lunch in this same area and had more errands in this same shopping area.  My hubby surprised me by suggesting to get a pedicure.  I can never say no to a pedi, so we ended up here because of its location.  I should have Yelped it first though!This is your average strip mall nail place.  Nothing is special about the joint, the service is average, the massage chairs have no cushion left, and over all the feeling is just plain meh.  What got this a 2 star in my book is that they charge you $3 extra if you want to pay with a credit/debit card.  They try to push you into using a scary looking ATM that is hidden at the back of their store.  They keep telling you it is only a $1 fee to use it and won't quit pestering you about it.  We had to say no 4 times before they would take our credit card, because there was no way I was using that ATM and who carries cash around anymore these days?  It just seemed super shady and made me feel uncomfortable.  I don't know if they just don't want to pay the credit card servicing fees, which on average are about 3% or have something going on with the ATM or what.  Bad business, in my opinion.This is definitely not and will never be my go to place and I really don't have plans to go back.  If i do end up here, it will be because of the location to many of the stores we hit on our weekend errands and my hubby surprises me again with pedicures, since I am physically unable to turn my one true love (pedicures) down.
1	Pretty sure I just got ripped off.  Never trust a place that doesn't have prices posted. I'm sure they make it up as they go along depending on what you're wearing and what kind of car you parked in front of their salon. She also charged an extra $2 for using a debit card. She tried upgrading my manicure to a French, then tried me to agree to a gel manicure...5 times. She then asked me three times if I want a pedicure.  If I wanted a pedicure or a gel manicure I would have asked!!I will NEVER go back.
1	Very upset. Went in to get my nails and toes painted. No mani or pedi just color. Most places it would've been about $10. Not here $25!! Are you serious. Then the manager tells me well that's only if you pay with cash. If you pay with credit card it will be an additional $5! I was livid. I felt bad but I have $25 and walked out. My poor lady didn't get a tip but the way I see it is no receipt was written up so that's just cash they get to pocket. The owner can give her a tip from that. So disappointed.
1	Worst nail salon in Summerlin. Do not go here. They will tell you they can do what you want and then they don't do it and try to charge your more than quoted. This place is a joke.
2	Went over the weekend on Saturday got gel manicure and pedicure. It's been 5 days and my nails are chipping. Loved my nail lady she was super nice and did a good job and for the price I was paying I was expecting for my manicure to last longer than five days. Too bad I guess I'll have to go somewhere else.
1	Worst ever I was waiting for about 30 minutes and about 10 people got their nails done before me and I was there first. My nails were painted horrible never go here!!!
1	I lived in Summerlin for years and moved out of state for two years and returned back to what was my favorite salon.  What a surprise!  My first clue should have been that there were absolutely no customers when it used to be packed all day every day and on weekends they would try to squeeze you in but sometimes you would have to go do a little shopping or something until they could get you in. and I happily returned but to an absolutely empty salon.  I just needed a quick polish change and since it used to be affordable I didn't even ask the price.  It wasn't posted anywhere.  Second clue.  I was getting my toes done and super busy so distracted answering e-mail from work on my phone and not paying that much attention.  Then I heard "twenty dollars" five minutes later.  What?  I didn't ask so i wasn't going to get into an argument and just wasn't up for a fight so I paid and left.   A couple hours later I looked down at my toes... gloppy polish and just plain slopy in general including not getting the dark red out from the edges before covering it with pink.The general vibe of the place was just, hm... angry?I hate to see a booming business take such a dive. I used to get absolutely perfect pedicures, beautiful acrylics... now... I wouldn't trust them to do the long, fairly thin acrylics I like (my nails will never grow so if I want any length, that's my only option)I hope they read all the reviews and take them to heart and get back to the great work they used to do.  An updated look wouldn't hurt them either.
3	I have been going up the street to Red Rock Nails for years, but they were extremely busy, so I thought I'd give this place a whirl. Amazingly NO WAIT and hardly any customers on a Sunday afternoon. I had the guy, and he did a decent job on my French manicure pedicure.  The best part was his extra long foot/leg massage. I would go back to him. Positives= not very busy and you just walk in :)Negatives= $7 extra for a French, the place is not as nice as my usual place, no free bottled waters, and they charge as much as the nicer places.
1	This place has a great staff but the lady at the first table is the worst! She is no good at nails and is supposedly a manager. She has no clue on running a business. I actually feel sorry for the staff! They deserve  a better work environment!
5	I really enjoy this place. I was lucky to find Anna.... She's great. Very happy with the pedicure (wonderful foot massage too) and the Acrylic. If you are looking for a friendly and very diligent nail tech try Anna.
1	DO NOT EVER GO TO THIS SALON!!!!!!!!! DO NOT EVER GO TO THIS SALON!!!!!!!!! DO NOT EVER GO TO THIS SALON!!!!!!!!! DO NOT EVER GO TO THIS SALON!!!!!!!!! My normal nail girl was busy at my usual salon so I thought I would try this place and I must say it was the worst! The employees were rude, they did CRAP work and they over charge. I even made several loud comments that my nails looked like crap and the girl made no effort to correct them. I made sure that they knew I would never come back. The owner was there and never once came over to see why I was so upset, she heard me and chose to ignore it!!!! Also they charge an arm and leg for a Pedicure and it sucks!!!! I could have soaked my feet and painted my own nails. They is all they do!I had to go to my normal girl at my usual salon and have her fix their mistakes.They have no wait but they also do shotty work and charge twice what anyone else does. DO NOT EVER GO TO THIS SALON!!!!!!!!! NOT WORTH THE MONEY AND THE PEOPLE ARE RUDE!!!!!
5	I had a wonderful experience! I got a pedicure that really fixed my feet problem that no other shops have ever done. They are experts at what they do. I recommend them :)
5	Just got my pedicure done here for the first time and I LOVE it. I was a little skeptical when I read the other reviews, but this place deserves 5 stars. The place was clean, the staffs were friendly and the service was awesome. I highly recommend this place.
1	This place is a joke. Came in to get nails removed. She's like just removal? No manicure of jell nails? I'm like no thank you. She's like it will be 10 dollars... CASH ONLy! I'm like well I guess that's not gonna work! And I walked out! Since WHEN?!?!!! Ridiculous!
4	I went here for the first time the other day and after reading the reviews I was skeptical...but it was recommended to me! I will admit that most of them are very rude (why I gave them 4 stars and not 5) on the phone they are very rude. BUT I went in with an appt with Anna. I have never had a nicer, more talented nail tech than Anna. She made me feel very comfortable and kept the conversation going the whole time! We tried all different ways to decorate my nails and really wanted me to love my nails! She was the sweetest person and expressed how thankful she was that I was trying out Best Nails! I really wish I could give them 5 stars just for Anna and the amazing job she did!! Just get through the rude people that work there and ASK FOR ANNA!!!!! I promise you won't be disappointed :)
5	I have been a loyal customer of this salon for 10 years. It is clean and girls are nice. Joanna, Anna and Michelle are my favorites.
3	Expensive and did a pretty bad job on a gel manicure. Nice people but I won't go again. Still looking for the right place.
