5	Single ladies... and for the men that need to make small home improvement/repair projects, this is your store! Home improvements are so much easier when you have the right person helping you.. I'll go in and tell the sales person what I'm trying to do and they're there helping me pick out exactly what I need for my project.  If I feel I'm still not understanding, they will actually draw me diagrams to help me out. Believe me, some of the projects I thought were over my head were a breeze to accomplish (sprinkler system, drip system, plumbing repairs, lawn care, etc.).  Now that gas is so expensive, if you're not sure if they will have all the items for your project, they're just a phone call away.You can buy the same items (small projects and repairs) for about the same price as your Home Depot. Whenever I go to a Home Depot (about 4 miles away), it takes forever to find anyone to help you and if you have questions, they will just read the label (I can do that too!). With Ace Hardware employees, they're very knowledgeable.  Don't take my word, go in and see for yourself. You've feel like you actually accomplished something and you did it on your own instead of hiring and paying someone to do it for you! Now you can splurge and buy that new outfit because you just save a bunch doing it yourself!Give them a try..
5	Whatever I need for a home project, these guys usually have it. It doesn't cost any more than Home Depot or Lowes, but it's a much smaller store, which makes it easy to run in , buy, and run out. I find I spend 10 minutes here, or 30 minutes in a Home Depot.Knowledgeable staff, good selection of the basics, fair prices. Can't ask for more than that.AND... you can run next door to Gallagher's & grab a beer with the time you save ;).
3	I came in here a couple of times while watching over my Mother's house in Chandler to either check out or purchase lawn products and gardening tools to help with the upkeep and really liked the store.  I found myself coming back more often because it is so much easier to navigate than the big box stores and you can always find someone to help you and answer questions.  And you can park right in front of the door with no long walks to and from your car!  I would definitely be a regular here if I was still in town.  Plus I could combine it with a trip to Churchill's Pub next door for my British food fix!  Keep up the good service guys!
4	This is my nearest neighborhood Ace, so I traipse in here fairly often for the odd doodad or thingamabob. The staff is always friendly and helpful and will help you find what you need. The four stars is for the personable local staff, NOT for the faceless corporate troglodytes that comprise the vast Ace bureaucracy. Here is my cautionary tale about dealing with those boneheads...I bought a shop-vac at this store because of a great deal ($10 rebate on a $40 item). I did have to remind the cashier that there was a rebate on the item so that she would furnish me the appropriate form. Luckily, it appeared, I could submit for my rebate on-line. Turns out, my Ace Rewards on-line account could not be activated, presumably because of some mysterious required gestation period. Ace customer service telephone operators were no help in getting my account set up, they just explained that I was not in the system.So I reluctantly pursued my rebate the old-fashioned way which involved filling out a form, enclosing the UPC barcode from the box, and sending a stamped envelope to the great Ace Rebate center in the sky  (actually, it appears to be in El Paso). Now I get to "please allow 8 weeks for processing". Great. An e-mail promptly assures me when Ace receives my claim. So then I wait. And finally, eight weeks later I get a postcard telling me that my rebate request cannot be processed because it was missing a receipt!Fortunately, I am well-organized. I have scans of everything sent to Ace, including the form which DID NOT specify the need for including a receipt. Simply the UPC code and the completed form was all that was requested! However, the Gods of Ace (who apparently now reside in the "Rebate Resubmission Department" in Miami, Florida) have smiled on me and allowed me to claim my rebate by sending in that darned receipt that they never requested. So off it goes with the cost of another stamp.Turns out my Ace Rewards account is now activated. So any future rebates can be handled on-line. But I hate having to deal with that lame corporate bureaucracy for a measly $10. I also want some popcorn. My old neighborhood Ace in Sacramento offered free popcorn and coffee with your purchase. Yeah... that would make me feel better!
4	Sometimes, I hate being a girl. Like when you go into a hardware store and describe the doohickey that attaches to the thingie, and you get this look of pity from the staff.  I never have to worry about that at this Ace. The are always friendly, I can explain what I'm trying to do and wave random broken parts at them, and someone will figure it out.  Even if the person I find isn't the right person, they will make sure you get taken care of.
4	I prefer this Ace hardware to Lowes and Home Depot. Staff is friendly and helpful.
4	Not all Ace's are alike, as they are franchised.  I've been to some where it feels dead and the staff lacking, but this location has always been consistently helpful.  I pick an Ace for knowledge and helpfulness, b/c there is enough of them around I can be picky.I come here:1.  Sheer convenience of walking in/out2.  When I can't find what I'm looking for at Lowe's or Home Depot -- Selection actually varies btwn the 3 stores (ie. metal shower drain thingy when you look down at your toes...). 3.  Paint colors (this franchised Ace doesn't carry the BenMoore Pottery Barn colors though)
5	really helpful staff and the cheapest a/c filters in town!if you're a single girl, they're going to follow you around the store and ask if you need help, but hey, at least the staff isn't hard to find around here!the parking rules, right up front, reserved spots, also close to the 99 cent store and walmart... really good area for your bargain finds, etc.
4	They were quite helpful when we went in. I had to special-order an item. I later found it at Lowe's in stock and $11 cheaper. I called Ace to cancel my special order. The girl asked if I could calk back in the morning! No, I work, I am calling now. ?  Good service except that.
1	Ummm, I went in there to have a bunch of keys made.  $16 worth.  Yes, nice and friendly people there, but that doesn't make up for incompetence. Not a SINGLE key worked.
4	Friendly staff.  They are ALL polite and helpful.Whenever I need something that from a hardware store, ACE is the place for me.You can get everything you need without walking a few miles inside a warehouse store.
5	I love this store. I will always go here first before going to Home Depo or Lowes.You can acutally find someone to help you with in minutes.
3	Yes, Ace is still around!  This location is pretty small.  They have larger ones.  But none the side of Lowes or HD.  Still, Ace carries stuff you won't find in other stores.  Less selection, but often better quality.  I wouldn't come here for lumber or PVC or anything like that.  HD is fine.  But if you want a proper brass shut-off, or metal (not plastic!) backflow preventer, HD and Lowes probably doesn't have it.  Ace does.Oh...and this location has a rack of specialty sodas, too.  A tad pricey, but some good stuff to be found there!
4	Great for finding those little things no one else has.
2	This is a very small store, with a very limited selection of products. We always hit up this store and make do with the limited selection, but it's hard since both Lowes and home depot are just a mile away and you know you'll get exactly what you need at lower prices. Most of the staff are very friendly, but this past week we rushed in about five minutes before closing for something small. At exactly one minute to closing, an assistant asked if we were done. When we said we'd be just a minute, he rolled his eyes and said he had a family that he'd like to see. We dropped what we were looking at and walked out. It was not like we were there looking at and deciding on tiles or fittings options for 30 min after closing - just some yard gloves that we wanted to make sure was not made of latex. It doesn't matter if you are a chain or a mom and pop store - make the customer feel like an idiot (especially in a non-situation like this) and see your $$$ flow the other way. To be fair, we've had pleasant experiences with some other staff, but lately it seems that none of them are very knowledgeable about the products in the store at all (reading labels and repeating what it says does not count).
5	This location is the best I have been to so far. The staff is always real helpful, knowledgeable and very  friendly. Every time I come here for something they always are quick to find what i need.
5	Thanks to Rodney who helped me with paint and even carried everything to my car for me today.  Everyone here is always very helpful, and they have alot of stuff for a small store. They even have red birch beer for sale!
1	Came because they claim to cut high tech auto keys. Not only did I not get a key cut but I was told they could not cut the key for my Honda. If you are going to advertise that you cut high tech keys then you should be able to.
5	Great service and parts made of metal instead of plastic!  Not the selection of the big-box a mile and one-half away, but sometimes you need quality instead of choices.
2	Ace usually has those hard-to-find items you can't get anywhere else but it's so annoying going out of your way to come here to spend 2x's more than anywhere else. Plus all the Ace Hardwares don't take back stuff from other Ace Hardware's. How ridiculous is that?
