5	Ever wondered what those little mom and pops restaurants are like?  You're skeptical because you've never heard of it or seen it in publications.  You sit in your car trying to figure out whether you should go in and try it out or just pull out of the parking lot and go somewhere familiar.That's exactly what happened with me when I was parked in front of East Boy.  With the large sign suggesting it to be a Japanese Restauran, I decided to be adventurous and walked inside.  It's very small and looked like a place where you'd get together with some friends and drink beers and shots after a hard day at work.There were about 5 tables with 4 seats each.  On the left side of the restaurant were about 4 bar tables with stools.  Very cute and comfy.  You order with the cashier and pay at the same time.  I decided to get the Sake Bento (Salmon) $6.96 - Grilled Salmon lightly salted.  With it had a few edemame, seaweed salad, rice with black sesame seeds, long string beans cooked with sesame seeds, yellow square shaped omelet, imitation crab shaped in a half moon, some tangerines packed in a small container, and some other kind of salad that was black.I loved the portions so for the ladies who are watching your weight, this is perfect.  I was satisfied but not full and that's what I needed.  All this eating has got me gaining some pounds.  I was also quite impressed with the service.  The cashier was friendly and even brought the food out to me.  I thought he would just yell out my order from the counter.  I'm thinking of going back for lunch today.  It looks as though I've definitely found a very good spot for some awesome Japanese food.
2	Average Bentos for the price. Chicken Terriyki bento was 10 Dollars. I would rather go to Terriyki III on Flamingo then here. Service was also non existent
1	(previously rated at 3 stars) This restaurant didn't get a higher rating because of the service, which while not rude, bordered on nonexistent.  The staff simply seemed too disorganized for anything resembling service, and there was a "help wanted" sign in the window, which may explain things.  The decor is minimal--think a little cafe wedged into a train or bus station.Prices ranged from quite reasonable (under $5 for the teriyaki chicken bowl, with chicken, green beans and rice) to moderate.  I had the "healthy bowl" with flaked salmon, seaweed salad, green beans and rice.  It was decent. I suspect this is one of the better near-campus places for lunch when you want something light and un-greasy.  Ooops--forget about it.  East Boy closed its doors permanently on October 17.  I found out today when I wanted to go there for lunch.
3	A small place located within the plaza of capriotti's and aloha.  The food feels a bit overpriced for this type of place.The food comes out relatively quick, but that's not always a great thing.  The rolls are just mediocre, and although the selection may be satisfactory, the food is also just satisfactory.  It's good for the moments you need something quick such as students around UNLV would want.
