5	The BEST hotel in the local area including Ballantyne area!!!! The Hotel staff are very nice and helpful! There is a restaurant on site and it rocks!! The hotel is in a great area with a lot of restaurants really close and shopping mall within minutes of hotel. I have stayed in the Ballantyne area for years and I travel every week and have stayed at the 2 Starwood properties and the Four Points Sheraton is by far the BEST!! And the price is ALOT cheaper and it's only 2-3 miles from the corp park! So do yourself a favor -and stay here and save $$$ and be treated like you are family!!!!!! Not like a number! They really care about the customer here!! From the cook, check in desk, cleaning crew, the managers they are awesome!! AND this hotel has a shuttle that DOES GO TO THE AIRPORT!!!!! Unlike other corp park hotels!!!_this is a GREAT option--cause it saves on rentals!! 5*** rated!! Cleans rooms and hotel!! Will always stay here along with all of my co workers! Thank you all for the great stay!!!
4	I like it. Friendly folks. Business-friendly rooms. Overall good stuff. Not really close to anything Uptown, but that's okay, you're not technically in Charlotte. You're probably closer to the South Carolina than Uptown...but Sheraton and Starpoints Starwood blah whatever it's called does a great job.Downsides: Fitness room is muggy and warmer than the hallway. Don't y'all know people get hot and sweaty when they work out? (Turn up the a/c). Um, that's it. Everything else is very nice. I would come back.
4	Best place to recharge in Pineville after a long day at work. Comfortable beds, friendly staff and a great breakfast.
3	The hotel seems nice and quaint from the appearance but the basic customer service is lacking. Upon making this reservation I requested check in be at 2. When I arrived at 2 they told me that they had a full house last night and I would have to wait until normal check in time at 3, which was fine by me. I am still waiting in the lobby and it is now 4. How long does it take prepare a room?!
5	I was married in November but we had never had a honeymoon, I wanted to do something special for Valentine's weekend as of this point my husband and I are living in two separate cities.I went to the hotel in person to book a room, was helped by Josh, who was superb. When I told him I wanted a romantic experience he explained their romance package to me, it sounded great and it WAS!!!! Met all our expectations. Josh was also there when I checked in, answered all our questions immediately. The room was set up even nicer than explained by Erin the food and beverage manager! We had a dozen roses and two long-stemmed roses, one on each pillow, there were two little bottles of champagne and a bowl of strawberries. A gift certificate was included for the restaurant downstairs, we decided to do that on the Friday night (Valentine's). There were a lot of people there watching Olympic hockey, Josh and Chelsea moved us pretty quickly to a private room for dinner and waited on us there!!! The next morning we got our in-room breakfast included in the package, was very wonderful, omelets, coffee, fruit, everything we needed, they did not bring salt and pepper originally but brought some within about three minutes after we pointed it out. We had brought a cake with us, they gave us plates and a cake cutter for that. I asked for a vase for the long stemmed roses and they gave us that. Upon checkout, I had asked for something to put all my roses in because they were still pretty and they gave us foil to wrap them in to bring them home. It was wonderful, romantic weekend, just what I was hunting, so happy we did this, was more than I could have expected. Everyone was very friendly and helpful. Would definitely recommend this!!!
4	Great stay! Clean and the beds were super comfortable. We came for a visit to Carowinds for Scarowinds. We will definitely be back.
