4	Classic steakhouse. Very much old school in the vein of Mortons or Capital Grille. Picture cartoon charicatures on the wall of patrons and famous folks who have eaten there.Definitely a solid steak dinner. Wait staff is attentive. Good wine selection and the food is always good. It doesn't really do a lot to separate itself from the other higher end steak places but it certainly isn't disappointing either.
3	Mr. Rogers asks, "Can you spell over-rated?  Sure...I knew you could."  I can't say a single bad thing about this place.  I just can't say a single good thing.  OK!  The creamed spinach is good.
3	The Charlotte Palm is typical of other Palm locations - local patron and celebrity line drawings line the walls and the menu offers the same steak options as other locales. Valet parking is available, although this is a large free lot behind and to the side of the restaurant.
3	Over rated would be my first thought on this, though the lobster is superb! If you want to drop a lot of money and maybe see a couple of TV actors and a few nice cars, this is a good place to go. There is always a Maserati parked outside sometimes a Ferrari and once a Lambo... inside, the decor is nothing to shout about, very sports barish with lots of drawings of people who i suppose have stopped there...  there is a Palm in the Ceasars in Vegas and that experience was way better that this one, decor and service wise. I did hang out with some co-workers there a few times for drinks and it was pleasant enough...
4	I have been to this restaurant multiple times.  We use Open Table to book reservation on-line, so this restaurant has our history of what what type of table preference we like, our waiter/waitress request, and previous order history (...if there's a special drink we like a certain way).  Knowing that, this restaurant is consistent and rarely misses a beat.  My last visit was their King Crag legs and  were a generous portion, sweet and flavorful....My new favorite, since I'm not always a red meat fan.  Their Monday night salad is excellent, and should be tried...Its a chopped salad that is very tasty and different from the typical leafy type salad or wedge salad. I took off 1 star, and because we have a history of going there, for some reason the familiar staff needs to feel like they have to entertain or visit us.  Because this is a special occasion restaurant, we like to go and enjoy each others company, without the intrusion of the staff visiting or socializing with us.  We go for a nice dinner with good service and would prefer just that.  Oh...If your not a member of the 937 Club, it is well worth the investment.  we have acquired many points and The Palm is always stirring up some yummy creative specials.  Overall, this is one of our favorite places to dine.
4	I visited the Palm Restaurant for a business dinner with a vendor and had a very pleasant evening. Excellent service beginning to end. Good selection of appetizers, great lobster bisque soup, and a very well prepared New York Strip steak. New York style cheesecake (from New Jersey) finished the evening. I wasn't blown away, but I did leave very satisfied.
5	While I'm "Original Gangsta" and call Palm One my locale, I went to this one in Charlotte this past weekend while visiting friends down there. This was probably one of the best Palm bar areas I have been to, with its vaulted wooden ceilings and extra-long mahogany bar. The two story high ceilings made the space soar, but the cozy dark booths lined up one after the other made it intimate too. And honestly, when do you go to a Palm and not feel like family? The food was the same as in all over locations, delish. I'm always a bit surprised that I like it so much, and I shy away from chain restaurants, their food is always so sub-par, but the Palm constantly delivers a meal that makes my heart all aflutter. I had a chicken Cesar salad, the lamb chops and we all split sides. I do have to give this location a shout out because their mashed potatoes were SO GOOD. I mean perfectly prepared. I was excited about this because it's the only complaint that I have with Palm One in NYC - terrible mashed. Ah well, it's a small price to pay for a meal to remember. If you live in Charlotte, this may be one of your only options for decent food. This or Mac's Speed Shop...which isn't saying much.
2	I don't understand the hype for this place. Service was ok and my filet mignon was SO overcooked and lacked flavor. The only decent part about my meal was the molten chocolate cake. Will not come back.
4	The week my fourth baby was due I was really craving a big steak so, for what was possibly my last meal, my husband and I headed to The Palm. The service was incredibly attentive - from the moment we arrived to the moment we left. Everyone was nice but no cloyingly so or with any sort of uppity attitude that often accompanies a restaurant with prices this high. I have to admit that I have a problem making decisions and when I ask my server for a suggestion I really am interested in their opinion. Our server was fantastic and did not hesitate to be the "decider" when I was torn between 2 choices. I ordered a wedge salad with bleu cheese and Bacon (delish) after toying with the idea of lobster bisque. Although I intended to eat steak, the seafood options on the menu looked amazing. I convinced my husband to order blackened mahi mahi and I ordered a petit filet with the intent of creating our own surf and turf plate. We also ordered mushrooms as a side. Wow. Highly recommend. I must say that the only part of the meal that was less than spectacular was the steak! It was not seasoned at all. Nothing special. Next time I am craving a steak I will certainly head to Del Friscos.  Overall a nice experience but I'm not sure I'll be heading back anytime soon.
4	One of the better meals I've had in CLT. I gotta go back before I can give an accurate picture.
5	So I figured I needed one more 5-star steakhouse review, so here it is. Yes, I'm a fan of steakhouses, as much for the ambiance and service as I am the food. I like to call my visits to steakhouses, "scotch & steak" as that is how I roll at these places. Not the cheapest way to go, but the style that I choose. What sets The Palm at the top is its attention to service, not only to me, but everyone around me as I listened in to their conversations with other servers. Definitely a spot for loyal regulars of which I will now become one of. Got there last night around 6:30pm and sat down at the bar and ordered my scotch from Michele, who was a great bartender offering up just the right amount of conversation. The bar area is long and has plenty of seats as well as small 2-top tables behind it. When my colleague arrived we decided to grab a booth next to the bar area...this is the way to go for me as you get the bar/lounge steakhouse feel. Now for the steaks...probably the highest price in Charlotte, even a tad higher than Morton's. All steak started in the $40's and went up to the $60's. My colleague, who is a regular, went with the "off-the-menu" porterhouse, while I went with the new your strip. Had my standard side of mushrooms and a wedge salad to start. The steak was cooked perfectly medium rare, with a "Pittsburgh crust", which adds the char to the steak. This is slightly different than a true Pittsburgh style steak, which had the char, but it cool/rare in the center. It was recommended my the waiter (thanks Tony!), and it was delicious! If you're around Southpark I would choose The Palm over Del Frisco's all day long.
2	Eh, went here on Christmas for dinner. Had to first seating at 5. Order the special the prime rib, 5 minutes later oh we just sold out of that! great ordered the filet and it was just ok. Wine was outrageously overpriced. Amazing this place gets such great reviews. Oh and im OG palm one goer. The lobbies would have been a better call.
1	I've tried it twice and won't be going back.The first was a romantic meal with the wife; decor is an interesting talking point but creates more of a roadside dinner feel rather than the white table cloth experience. Bread was good and service good, I had fish which was OK and the wife had steak which was good but the a filet had too much grizzle for her. The second visit was a works lunch, I had planned Del Frisco's for an American steak house experience for overseas guests but it was closed so decided to try the Palm. Big mistake, lunch menu was poor and the dinner menu is very over priced, the place was empty (not suprised) and my NY strip and fries was the worst steak I've ever paid for. Overcooked, tough and tasted like it had gone bad. I won't return to places that serve bad food knowingly.The works lunch for three with soft drinks came to over $200 with tip, I don't mind paying for good food but thats a rip off for what we were served.Pro's; The place has a traditional steakhouse feel and good waiters, the bread is excellent and location nice, not to busy, easy to park and nice for a stroll after diner.Con's; The food is so over priced, the quality wasn't good and the whole experience very poor.
5	Five star and all star! Ok, so if you're looking for a great steakhouse without the prententious atmosphere I think you'll find it here.  It's my favorite premium steakhouse based on the fact they treat you like family every single time.The wine selections are great and plenty.  I normally stick with the house Merlot or Pinot Noir.  Of course I normally always get a steak so always reds for me ;)As you might know everything is a'la carte and served family style.  They have a great selection of salads and the blue cheese wedge is an all time classic there.  The sides for the entrees are also fantastic.  I normally stick with the asparagus friti or the three cheese mashed potatoes.I've had both the lobster and a few of the steak selections when visiting.  My favorite steak there is the filet mignon oscar, medium, slightly pink in the center.  Always served to protection and a perfect temp.  Deserts are no slouch either here.  Most are pretty large and of course one of my favorites is probably one of the largest they have.  The 7-layer chocolate cake....chocolate overload!No doubt, this is a fantastic place for a quick bar bite after work all the way to special dinners for anniversaries or just because type dinners.NOTE:  The Palm also has a 'rewards program' of sorts.  You join for I think $50 for the years and you get a point for every dollar spent.  Once you reach 500 points you automatically get a free 3lb lobster for your birthday....ummm.....yes!
5	Not enough words to write a review for The Palm. Just one of the best steak houses in North America. Sign up for the 837 Club.  Accumulate enough points to get your portrait painted on the wall.
5	I dine at this restaurant frequently.  I have never gotten anything bad and the service has always been top notch.  A great place to eat!
1	been there 2 times.  it is way overpriced and the service is average.  capital grille is much better.  mortons is better. not a big fan.
4	The Palm is an upscale steakhouse (with more than just steak!) that somehow maintains a laid back vibe. The caricatures on the wall of local "celebrities" and real celebrities are a great conversation piece. It keeps the mood light in an otherwise serious genre of restaurants. Let's get to the food. I have tried a number of things here. Their portions are large enough for a hungry male or 2 hungry females. Their steak options are always delicious-simply prepared, and really let the flavor of the meat shine. These steaks are not dolled up and pampered. The girl next door of meats. The bread basket is phenomenal. Love the seedy bread. I have split the crab cake entree with another female. These crab cakes are excellent. Not heavily breaded and served with a tasty mango salsa. Much like the meat, you are tasting the crab-as opposed to layers of butter/salt/misc. seasonings. For dessert, get the tiramisu. The lady fingers are soaked through, just the way I like them. They have a nice wine selection-love the Stag's Leap Cabernet. Service is great to boot!
3	It's quite rare that hubs and I give a restaurant (or any business for that matter) varying star ratings. In fact, I really can't name one other business we've been to where our reviews span more than one star apart. Therefore, I'm surprised to say that, overall, The Palm didn't knock my socks off. Was it a nice meal? Yes. Was it worth the money? No. And here's the why to it all.The place: The Palm Steakhouse, SouthPark, Charlotte-NCThe occasion: Our three-year wedding anniversaryThe channel of reservation: Open TableThe scene: Beautiful night on the patio, very empty on a Monday eveningWe made an Open Table reservation and noted that it was our wedding anniversary...it was a special night, not just a fly by for a quick steak. As mentioned, the patio is great although you really just look out into a wide driving lane that heads towards the Hampton Inn. Our server, Fernando, was top notch. Really, five stars for the service all the way around. Very formal but completely in tune with the cadence of the meal and the guest's needs. The food, however, is where I take issue...especially for the price.Beefsteak tomato Capri salad: 4/5: Big slices of bright red tomato with hunks of fresh mozzarella and basil. Props to Fernando for lightly pouring on the oil and balsamic at the table. Nice touch. Chilean Sea Bass: 3/5: The fish was beautiful - really a great filet. However, I knew it would be sauteed in a white wine butter sauce, not swimmin' in it. The delicate fish was sitting in a pool and drowning in the sauce. Goat cheese whipped potatoes: 3/5: Fairly tasty mashed taters, but nothing out of the ordinary. I didn't taste too much of the goat cheese and they required a heavy hand of salt and pepper to liven them up. Creme brulee: 2/5: As some may know, I'm a total treat monster and the creme brulee came highly recommended. The flavors were bright - light with just a hint of citrus, but the bruleed top was ice cold and the middle of the creme was also super chilly. I have a feeling this was refrigerated for a long time and the texture and temperature suffered. Other notes: The shrimp cocktail is $18.90. Are you kidding me? That's insane. Also, there is not a petite filet...only a 9 oz. option for $43. This served as the reason why I went with fish instead of steak. I did, however, try a few bites of hubs' steak and it was cooked perfectly and was very well flavored. Additionally, I was a bit surprised that, considering the great service, no one wished us a happy anniversary in any way. Overall, our meal for two people, with a few drinks added in, came to $200. I'm completely fine shelling out some coin for a great meal, but The Palm fell short for me.
5	The Palm is first class all the way. If you want a mildly casual yet extravagant lunch, this is the place to go. The atmosphere is somewhat country club-esque with rich wood trims and place settings. Caricatures line the walls making things less stuffy. As for the food, I had an amazing salad to start followed by the sea bass which was served over a heavy cream sauce. I finished with coffee and ended up taking home a piece of double chocolate flowerless cake for later. The cake was great by the way! In fact, the meal was great. I can't wait to visit again!
5	How have I been deprived for so long? I have frequented a lot of steak houses in my time and how hubby managed to keep me out of this place for so many years I will never know. I am so over Filets so I ordered the NY steak with Chimchurri on the side and it was A.Mazing! I have already decided this is where I want to go for my birthday this year. Service-perfect, food-perfect, martini-perfect. What more could one ask for? Just remember, you get what you pay for and pricey is to be expected here.
5	What an amazing place.  Best steaks and seafood I have ever had!  The service is impeccable.  Each time we go, they remember us by name and always ask details about our kids, business, etc.  Very personable and laid back.
3	Big deal steak house for Charlotte. I took my folks for their 50th wedding anniversary. I had a 14oz new york for $46 (over priced and not amazing), my pops had sea bass (why get fish at a steak joint?), my moms had the veal chop (which was the best tasting and best value at $36). We brought a nice bottle of wine which was $25 corkage but was not charge, thank goodness. All and all not worth the crazy prices for a not so fancy place but we did have excellent service and some good dishes. More of a guys night out on a business expense account.
4	My. God.The best crab-cakes I have ever had in my entire life. Just about those alone gave this a huge rating for me. I cannot believe the amount of real crab meat inside. I went with a group of people and was embarrassed by the size of the prime rib that was on my plate. It reminded me of the Flinstones when they get that huge rack of triceratops-ribs that in turn topples over their Flinstonesmobile during the credits. I really, really, really wanted to eat the entire thing but was too embarrassed. Yabba-dabba-doo. Sides were a la carte and just "okay".If it weren't for the steep prices of this place, I would return just for the crab-cakes alone.Your pal,Walter
5	Top notch! Took the wife for a romantic day after V- day lunch today. Once again, the Palm did not disappoint. First and foremost, a shout out to Holly, our server, she's awesome! We started off with the vegetable beef soup. Wow, didn't think soup could have so much flavor. Absolutely delicious. I got the special sandwich of the day, the prime rib with provalone and a side of au jus. Damn, it was melt in your mouth good!!! Washed it down with a couple of ice cold OMB - Copper (had the day off). The wife got the penne pasta. I think she told me it was good but honestly I was in the zone and all about that prime rib sandwich. For dessert we tried the warm donuts in a bag. Yep, tasty! Can you really go wrong with warm donuts covered in cinnamon & sugar with chocolate & rasberry dipping sauce? Nope. Is the place pricey? Yes. Is it worth it on special occasions? YES! We look forward to our next visit.
5	Another fine steakhouse. Another 5 star review. Palm has been on my list for quite some time and C and I finally pulled the trigger last night.  Happy camper would describe us both, oh yeah, full would also work.Started with the calamari just to see if it would be better than Del Frisco's.  Apples and oranges in terms of preparation but, it was crisply breaded, still tender and served with lemon and some awesome Marinara sauce.  Unless you have 4 - 6 people dining with you, get the small portion.  I didn't realize there was a small and goodness, the plate we got was huge and piled high.  Sounds good for lunch today though!We both had salads, her's the mixed greens with garlic vinagrette and mine a Caesar.  Mine was good, her's was really good with the dressing being a star.For dinner, I went all out with the surf and turf.  A NY Strip, medium rare and half a 3lb lobster.  This was as good or perhaps even better than any other strip I've had in town.  Almost butter knife tender, juicy, flavorful and cooked to the perfect temp.  Lobster was good just cause lobster IS good but there was nothing overly remarkable here.  Sweetie opted for the chicken parmigiana which was also a huge portion so there is half of that in the fridge too.  It was delicious and the marinara makes the dish.Dessert was a shared fresh berries and creme anglais.  5 stars here for the perfectly chilled raspberries, blackberries and strawberries and a just sweet enough creme to dip them in.Service was friendly, professional and not too stuffy the way it can feel at some other high end steakhouses in town.  She recommended a very good bottle of Pinot Noir at a reasonable price point which was a nice addition to the meal.Expensive?  Ummmmm, yes.  If you eat as described above you will be closing in on 3 bills, pre-tip.  BUT.... There are other options to choose that are much less expensive should you want to not blow up the Visa too badly and I am quite sure they are prepared just as well.  A definite come back to place for us despite the haul from LKN.
5	Everyone is great, Matt is the server we generally use. Consistent food and great service. Try the Persian ginger!
4	Yes it is a chain but some chains are good!  The only reason I didn't give the Palm five stars is because YOU NEED A 6 OZ STEAK.  Us chicks can't handle 9 ounces!!!  I love the fillet - I get it with the Oscar option and I can't talk or think about anything else while I am eating it.  Perfectly cooked (I like medium-rare), perfectly seasoned (slightly salty!!), perfectly served in a little bit of au jus.  I had happy dreams for days....sigh....  The app we got was the bacon-wrapped scallops - perfectly cooked and served on a bed of spinach.  Just fantastic.  I love the old school bread sticks in the wrapper.  Such a perfect way to shovel the Palm butter into my pie-hole.  Service is excellent - fast and knowledgeable about every dish and historic artifact about the Palm.  Love it!This location valet's which I recommend because you will need someone to roll you out after you have eaten every last drop!  Can't wait for the next special occasion!!!!  :-D
5	We've been here several times over the years and The Palm never lets us down. A classic NY steakhouse that doesn't mess with a good thing. Incredible steaks, lobster, drinks... pretty much everything on the menu. Their lunch is also surprisingly reasonably priced and excellent as well.
5	We had another fantastic experience at the Palm recently. This time I tried the blue cheese & bacon burger. It did not disappoint! Once again Holly, our server, was top notch!
5	OK... I think I'm sold that Palm is my favorite Steakhouse in Charlotte.  Basically, I like most all of the high end joints so, it's a close race but after my second Palm visit, I have to give it up to them.  My wife and I took her parents and her sister there last night as one of her dad's birthday presents.  Everyone was very happy with all they ate.  Detail wise, I'll stick to just my meal for this review.  Took advantage of one of the summer specials and went with the Filet and Lobster tail.  This also came with a choice of a starter and a side and yes, of course I super-sized the steak and tail once I found out I could!For the starter I had the lobster bisque which was poured table side.  It was hot, creamy and delicious although it did require the addition of a tad bit of salt at the table.  The steak came cooked to a perfect medium-rare with a great crust on it and the lobster tail was as big as my head and very moist and flavorful.  Had the three cheese potatoes au gratin for the side.  It was cheesy and good though it also benefited from a wee bit of table-side salt.Service was once again friendly and impeccable and they are very accommodating to various special requests.Can't wait to go back next time!
3	Came here late (after 9pm) for their bar bites special ($5.50 each). I haven't been here in a while and as expected nothing has changed.  I sat at the bar, was greeted promptly.  I understand it was close to closing time, so I don't mind or care that my bartender was busy closing up shop... But on the other hand, this is an upscale place and would have been nice to experience the exceptional. I ordered the lobster salad sliders.  It was good.  The 3 little things was enough to fill me up as late dinner.  There's enough lump lobster meat (can always have more) and the arugula adds a nice flavor. The crispy potato chips was a great edible garnish. I also ordered a mojito from their classic cocktails menu.  Unfortunately that was not good.  It was so tart I could taste the lime AFTER my meal as I was on my way home.  Is it so hard to find a good mojito in Charlotte?  I just expected their classics to be solid choices, oops.  I will be back, I have my eyes on the crabcakes. But next time I will not be ordering any drinks that has any lime juice in it...I just had a chill thinking of that mojito.  Side note: I just remember that they serve their drinks with a custom stirrer in the shape of a palm tree... You know how rare that is?  My aunt used to collect them, when each hotel/lounge/bar had their own design.
3	A safe and solid choice, power lunches are good here and decent happy hour specials as well.  Can't think of a time where I'd pick it over Del Frisco's, but you can never go wrong.  Nice area to walk around, with a movie theater and Dean & Deluca down the way.
5	Delicious steaks and crab cakes. Excellent waitstaff. Surprisingly good beer selection. I also really like the decor. With all of the caricatures... Personally I try to stay away from the steakhouse chains, but the palm is topnotch. If you're a fan of steaks it doesn't really get batter than the palm. A+
5	LOVED it!  Ate there for Thanksgiving dinner. Perfect choice.  Food, service and atmosphere was exceptional.
4	I've been wanting to try this place for sometime and Restaurant Week was a perfect time to do it!My friends and I made reservations for 7:30, when we arrived they greeted us and said they were just waiting for our table to be cleared and to hang out at the bar until it was ready. So we headed to the bar and were seated about 10 minutes later. The first cool thing about this place is the caricatures on the wall, there  famous and some local faces with their names and even some signature everywhere you looked! I thought this was a very cool touch!Once seated we were presented with one of the most amazing bread baskets I've seen. But keep in mind, I'm totally a bread lover! There was a white, wheat and whole grain, sweet cinnamon and even breadsticks! It's a bread lovers dream. The menu looked absolutely delicious, I ordered the lobster bisque, jumbo lump crab cakes and mango salsa and key lime pie for dessert.The lobster bisque was divine! It was creamy and rich. The only thing I wanted was more lobster! Other than that it was one of the best I've tasted! But make sure they add some cracked pepper for more flavor! The jumbo lump crab cakes were absolutely amazing.  Literally overwhelmed with crab meat...OH MY GOODNESS. I really don't have another way to describe it, they were outstanding! The mango salsa was really fresh and worked as a great compliment with the meal.They key lime pie was great too! A great and refreshing way to end the meal. This place was really great! Our server was wonderful and we had a lovely time. Look forward to returning!
5	I may have to call this place my favorite steak house in Charlotte.  A friend and I decided to give this place a try during the CIAA tournament, since it's away from uptown.We arrived around 7:30 pm for our 8 pm reservations and we were seated just a little after 8.  Before being seated we had a few drinks at the bar and took in some of the decor.  The walls  were covered with various caricatures of celebrities, I thought that was a pretty cool thing to decorate the walls with.  The overall decor is very inviting, I think they may have outdone Morton's and Ruth Chris.The food was excellent.  I ordered an 18 oz new york strip and I must say it's one of the best cooked steaks I've had in Charlotte.  The seasoning was perfect and they got the temperature perfect for a medium-rare steak. The potato and cream of spinach sides were really awesome and I just couldn't get enough of the flour-less chocolate cake.Service was great.  Our waitress was very friendly, attentive and patient.  She had no problems with answering our questions about the various cuts of meat, the sauces or the lobster sizes.I don't have any negatives to report for this establishment and I will be returning many times in the future.  Just out of curiosity, I would like to see one of the 6 pound lobsters that our waitress told us about :)
4	Sea Bass was to die for. If you go you have to try the flourless chocolate cake.  Service is top notch. Well worth the trip! You will leave stuffed for sure.
4	When I think of The Palm, I envision a fancy New Yorker carrying shopping bags in one hand as she hails a cab with the other on her way to (insert pretentious voice here) "lunch at the Palm."  Not the case AT ALL.  The place is warm and welcoming, not hoity toity.One of the best bread baskets I've ever laid my paws on:  a trio of breads locally sourced from Great Harvest Bread Company.My recommendations:  CHILEAN SEA BASS, filet mignon, warm made-to-order cinnamon sugar doughnuts.I posted a full review on the blog, but these are the highlights.
2	I was very, very disappointed in this place. The food is way overpriced for the quality. We ordered the burgers and they were dry & barely edible. Our waitress was also terrible. Slow and inattentive. If I go to a fine dining restaurant, I want/expect great, great food and attentive service. I absolutely did NOT get that here. Don't waste your money. Go to the Melting Pot instead. Awful.
5	I just love this place! The service is awful, but I cannot help myself!
4	This past Saturday, my family went to The Palm for my dad's birthday. Is it worth the price? For me, no. Two steaks, two prime ribs, two sides, a dozen oysters, three cocktails, and one bottle of wine equal a $454 check (not including tip). But the food was excellent. My mom's prime rib was about as big as her face, and the best she's ever had. The wait staff were all friendly and professional. This was actually my second trip to The Palm. The first was two years ago (also for my dad's birthday; my dad really loves The Palm). On that occasion, the food was excellent, but the waiter was not very good. We actually had to ask for steak knives. When a neighbor later asked my mom how dinner went, my mom explained about the poor service. The neighbor told her daughter (who at the time was a server at the restaurant), who told her manager. A couple days later my mom received a phone call from the manager apologizing for the service, and was sent a $150 gift certificate. That kind of consideration for the customer (as well as the food) is what keeps my parents coming back the The Palm and me as well, as long as I'm not picking up the check. ;)
4	As the other reviews stated, the bread basket was amazing. Out on a date, we ordered an appetizer, calamari, two entrees and two individual sized sides. We were stuffed!! The crab cakes were AMAZING. There was no filler, as many crab cakes have, and the salsa and chipotle sauce really complimented the dish. The steak was cooked perfectly (medium - as asked for). We had the cheesy potatoes, very rich, and the fried asparagus, really good. The reason why this restaurant did not get five stars is because the service was often overbearing and I felt the sales pitch for their exclusive club was a little too forward. Also, their complementary valet service was staffed only by one guy and after waiting for about five minutes, we parked the car ourselves despite the rain. Their pricing was average for a steakhouse but a little bit high for the environment and service. Tip: the last reservation/seating they take is 8 pm. A couple arrived just after us, like five minutes, and were not seated for dinner. I'm not sure this is a Sunday thing or what, but we were some of the only diners in the restaurant.
3	Very good, not great, food. It seems to me the emphasis here is about "being seen" rather than the culinary experience.
4	Came here for Charlotte's Restaurant Week this week, where the price fixe everywhere is 30 bucks! Palm is the kind of place where that deal is worth it. The service was fine, although our server was a bit of the anxious type. I started with the mixed green salad, which was completely unmemorable. I say this because I literally had to go to the restaurant's website to figure out what the heck I ate for the first course. Apparently the mixed green salad. I vaguely remember the baby tomatoes.However, we also had some sides as appetizers, which were truly phenomenal. The green beens were all oiled up with chunks of bacon in them. Wow. And the mashed potatoes were garlicky and very delicious.For my second course, I had filet mignon medallions, which were also very good. I ordered them medium rare, and although the meat didn't quite "melt" with my knife like I wanted it to (perhaps due to the smaller size of the medallions), they were still quite tasty.Apparently the Palm is known for its cheesecake, and I ordered that for dessert. Quite frankly, I'm used to every steak house having some sort of cheesecake, and they are all more or less good. But no. The Palm's cheesecake truly takes the cheesecake. It's HUGE and LOADED with sugar and a bunch of sweet fruit sauces are DUMPED ALL OVER IT. It was the best cheesecake I've eaten in years, possibly ever. I can't say for sure it was the best every, since clearly my memory is suspect, due to the fact that my memory of that mixed greens salad remains a little hazy...Everything was washed down with two "Strawberry Fields" a sweet rum drink. It was fine. The beer list wasn't handy, and I didn't want to fill up on that.
5	Yum yum yum!!!!  This is one of my fav Clt restaurants!!  The service is absolutely the best!!!!!!  Anything goes.  Whatever you ask for, they accommodate!!!  The food is delicious!!!  Everything is soooo good!!  I start with a tease like a tart martini...tastes like key lime!!  Sweet and delish!!  Then I almost always get the caesar salad and chicken parm.  Ahhh my mouth is watering as I type this!!!  For dessert the chocolate cake is a must!!  It is soooooo the best!!!  The food is pricey butttt the portions are HUGE!!!  You will definitely have some leftovers!!  Go for sure!
4	Made a visit during Charlotte restaurant week. My first time to the Palm here in Charlotte, though I have frequented the New York location on 2nd Avenue.Tremendous value for $30 per person.  Many have commented on the crab cakes, and indeed they are full of crab meat and little filling.  However, this is still a Steakhouse in my opinion and they do them right.  The cuts are always very high quality and the preparation to your exact specifications.  The sides here are generous and to be shared.  The desserts always good.  Lastly, I have always had outstanding service in NY and Charlotte did not disappoint.
4	If you are looking for a no muss, no fuss, excellently cooked steak, run to The Palm right now. I went for Summer Queen's Feast and I highly recommend it.My plan all along was to have an All-American steak house meal. I started with the Caesar salad, which is not something I normally order, but I was pleased with the result. The romaine was crisp and sturdy, which showed that The Palm was not skimping on freshness or flavor just because it was restaurant week. There was a generous amount of cheese and croutons, which I am a huge fan of, and the Caesar dressing was creamy and slightly acidic and didn't drown my lettuce.For my main I went with the obvious choice and ordered the twin tenderloin filet medallions. My steak hit the spot; it was perfectly rare in the middle, and had shallot butter generously melted on top (with some crispy onions as well). I love it when chefs have an in depth knowledge of meat temperatures (just talking about it is getting me excited) and whoever cooked my steak at The Palm definitely knew what they were doing. The one downside about the restaurant week menu was that it did not include a side dish with our main courses; but for only $3 a person, we ordered a family style side of Brussels sprouts, which were almost as amazing as my steak. The Brussels sprouts were bathed in a delicious lemon brown butter; and the tanginess of the lemon, coupled with richness of the brown butter, perfectly offset the Brussels sprouts natural funkiness (or should we say bitterness? Sour taste?). I would eat those over and over again.To complete my three course meal, I ended with the classic New York cheesecake (but stole a taste of my friend's Key Lime Pie, because I was having such a hard time deciding). The cheesecake was good; it was creamy, light (sometimes cheesecakes can turn dense), and not too sweet. But after a sort of heavy, on heavy, on heavy meal, I wasn't able to finish it all (it still made a great snack the next afternoon).Read the full review here: http://offtheeatenpathblog.com/2013/08/15/the-palm/
4	I had a business dinner here tonight with a party of 7. Wonderful meal, super service, private setting and a convenient location. This place is one of the most consistent restaurants in all of my work travels. Definitely a stand out in the Palm chain.
3	I've been to other Palm Restaurants and the food is always wonderful but in this one the food was good but it was just  . . . LOUD! tile floor lots of people crammed into tables that are far too close together. So again, great food, but do your talking and visiting on the walk around Phillips Place after dinner.
3	I have heard great things about the Palm and I think it is somewhat of a staple here in Charlotte but I have to say it honestly didn't live up to the hype in my opinion.I think your experience will depend upon your reasoning for choosing this restaurant..For example, we chose this to celebrate our anniversary and it just didn't satisfy me.  It was rather loud in the restaurant in general, the hostess was friendly but nothing special, it wasn't romantic and they really didn't do anything to make you feel like you were a special guest.We were seated in a private room initially so I was excited and hopeful.  However, our bread had not hit the table before another couple was seated RIGHT beside us.  Then, within 30 minutes 2 more tables were occupied including a family of 5.  The kids were like toddlers--WHY are they in there?Moving on...the waitress was super friendly, her "assistant" didn't speak english but she was helpful.  The waitress was extremely knowledgeable and really knew the menu quite well.  She even suggested a few things that were not listed on the menu.  I liked the fact that they offered 9 oz pours for the wine and they had a pretty extensive wine variety.  My husband ended up ordering the Filet and I ordered the crab cakes because I was told these are their house specialty!  We ordered the goat cheese mashed potatoes and broccoli for our sides.  I thoroughly enjoyed the crab cakes.  Were they worth almost $40?  Not even close.  It was three small little crab clusters.  They were void any fillers which I appreciated and packed with good quality crab meat.  They were great but not worth taking out a loan over..  The steak my husband ordered was decent but again nothing special.  The flavoring that they recommended he try was a peppercorn/olive oil sauce.  The steak honestly shouldn't need this additional flavoring but it did in this case.  It was a little chewy and it didn't melt in your mouth!  It was not flavored well on its own.  I honestly think a Ruth Chris' steak is much better!  Again, this just wasn't worth the $50 it cost.The sides were good although there was nothing about the potatoes that tasted like goat cheese...they were just very good and creamy mashed potatoes.  The broccoli had great flavor and was cooked perfectly--not too crunch and not soggy--just how I like it!We didn't have time for dessert (catching a play uptown) but their menu looked decent.  We were told to try their donuts.  I'm sure they are good.  I think it would have been nice if they offered a free dessert or something special because it was our anniversary.  Roundup?  I expected more, especially for the price point.  I'm telling you I can go into Ruth's or Sullivans or Terra and many other restaurants that are not as expensive and have a better overall dining experience.  I can't figure out why someone would choose the Palm over all the other great steakhouses in the area.  They are more expensive and offer less quality and a worse environment.  I wouldn't come back.
2	I have been to The Palm in L.A., and had an amazing dinner experience there.  I decided to go there for Thanksgiving dinner this year, as there were only two of us, and it's not worth the mess to cook for two.This wasn't my first choice, but Sullivan's was not available.The Palm had a Thanksgiving menu, or the regular menu was available.Both of us went Thanksgiving.The first course was great:  I had the arugula & apple salad, and my girlfriend had the lobster bisque.  Both were excellent.Second course was the main entree:  sliced turkey breast, stuffing, cranberry sauce, gravy, plus our choice of veggie.  We had whipped potatoes and green beans.Everything was very good.The last course was dessert, which we got to go.  The choices were pumpkin or chocolate pecan pie.  We both chose the pecan pie.At home later that evening, we learned that this dessert was nothing more than store-bought pumpkin pie with chocolate chips pressed into the top.  The crust was awful, and had the tell-tale pattern of a machine-made pastry.Really?!I am disappointed that a high-end steakhouse does not have a pastry chef.  I left The Palm in L.A. with a piece of carrot cake that was worth fighting over (or at least arm wrestling).  You are not getting out of The Palm for less than $75 per person.  I was shocked that was the best they could do. Added frustration:  Thanksgiving is the day that everyone from age 80-120 has dinner at The Palm.  It is impossible get from A to B outside or inside the place.  We'll go elsewhere in the future.
2	Late afternoon dinner at the Palm... I wanted to leave when we were not received for about 10 minutes, but we gave them some time to realize there were customers up front. After someone in the kitchen finally noticed us, we were seated at a table, with no menus... Then, our waiter introduced himself, took away extra silverware, and gave us no menus. We asked... Should we get out own menus? He said he would get us some. He then proceeded to chat with some waiter buddies in plain view. Since the restaurant was almost completely empty, it looked like we were interrupting a break. After several minutes of chit-chat, the waiter finally delivered some menus (how hard is that?). Perusing the menu, it was clear the Palm doesn't believe in meals, which I guess is because meals are... gauche. You can order a steak for $45, but you won't get a salad or a side unless you buy a separate $8 plate of veggies or $8 salad. I just couldn't believe a 9 oz. piece of meat would be worth that much (plus, I'd rather a 6 oz. filet). So, we ordered the Veal and Chicken Parm. (~$35), which do not come with any noodles unless you pay $4 extra (thus bringing the Parms. up to ~$40). I also ordered a coffee, which was just OK, and asked for a bread basket, which was room temperature and less enjoyable than the Mimi's bread basket. On the plus side, the entrees were excellent, and had there been half as much Chicken Parm., a vegetable, and some well-prepared noodles or potatoes, I wouldn't have felt so ripped off. As is, two chicken breasts was way too much chicken and too little fine dining. In addition, the lighting in the restaurant was not very romantic/intimate, and there was a noticeable lack of ambiance. We managed to escape from the restaurant for $110 total (no salads, no desserts, no alcohol), for a meal that was less enjoyable than many $60 meals ($30 per person) we've enjoyed at other restaurants (with at least 1 salad, 1 dessert, and 1 glass of wine). If someone else had been paying the bill, I had ordered the lacking sides, and I had never seen the price, I may have had a better experience, but the service and ambiance still were nothing to write home about. (Hi, Mom!)
2	The Palm's service and responsiveness to guests do not match their high prices.  I dined there on the 23rd with valued clients.  It took 40 to 50 minutes to be served after ordering, as we were clearly put on the back burner while they attended to other guests who arrived after we did.  I tried to contact the Manager but so far they have been radio silent.  We spent $142 on lunch for 4 people, and expected the service to match.  The fact that I did not hear back from them clearly demonstrates their lack of commitment to customer service.  Fortunately there are other options in South Charlotte, that have service to match their prices.
5	Ok, so my review of the Palm in South Park is LONG overdue, I mean three girlfriend's in the past overdue. I visited in the spring of 2012. The day started with a Bark for Life walk off of Morrison in lovely South Park on a picturesque day with one beautiful blonde date, and culminated with another first date a petite, cute redhead at this location. To get right into it, I have to say, they gave us great service at the Palm. That's something you can't put a price on. I mean really good service. Imagine having butler service for three hours, and the butler is driving a Mercedes, so you know he takes his job seriously.I met my date among a bustling crowd on a beautiful Saturday night.The waiter went out of his way to make us feel comfortable, and he was very attentive to our needs. I ordered the steak burger, it was very juicy, delicious, and bursting with flavor. It was an excellent portion size. The type of meat, we'll lets just say it was the expensive part of the cow, not rump roast. Unfortunately, I had only six bites of it because I had already eaten a sashimi appetizer at the Village Tavern in the Rotunda building in between dates. My date ordered the filet mignon, and it was delicious, cooked to perfection.One goes to a place like the Palm for a special occasion, or like me for a blind first date on rare occurrences, but either way, you go for the service and the great food. They treated me like a king, and I will be back for sure. Come see how the other half lives at the Palm. It is sure to be a delight for you and your significant other. I wouldn't recommend the Palm for kids, unless they are very well behaved.
4	Prime rib a 4.5, Grouper is outstanding, Steaks are 3.5 sometimes 4 (but always cooked perfectly), good (but overpriced wine list), sides are typical steakhouse...BUT.Service is absolutely outstanding.    Whether it has been a client dinner, my step mothers birthday, or a nice dinner with the kids the service just rocks.
4	Back again for lunch yesterday with clients. An excellent experience from food to service.
2	Okay so everyone knows what the Palm is.  The steaks are generally really good, the service is usually good, and the prices are stupid high.  That's the deal - good food, okay environment with fair sketches of middling local celebrities, stupid high prices.  But the point is that the food has to be PERFECT.  If I am going to pay $50 for a NY Strip, it needs to be cooked to order and done exactly correctly.  The problem with the meal we had last night is that it was just okay.  I had the caprese salad to start - it was $15 and consisted of two tomato slices (big, but flavorless) and buffala mozzarella (good not great).  My daughter had the bisque - flour-y and flavorless.  we had two NY strips and the prime rib.  The prime rib was HUGE and good.  The strips were okay - one was cooked medium well when ordered medium rare and one cooked correctly, but nothing much to it.  All in all, it was fine, the service was good, but without alcohol, the ticket was $200+ and for that money, it was not nearly good enough.Gotta do better.
4	I love a good upscale steakhouse and the palm delivers. I have only eaten here twice and will base my review on the bar service/dining experience alone. I sat at the bar on a Sunday night with Shannon the best bartender. She is so personable and just great at her job.  If you go before 7 any day of the week the bar food is discounted to a very reasonable rate. I tried the lobster roll and the steak sliders. Both pretty delicious. We also tried the beer carpaccio off the regular menu because I love beef carpaccio. A lot. A whole lot. The regular diner menu is a bit pricey but that's to be expected with these types of establishments. The carpaccio was amazing and the arugala salad on top of it was delicious. With the carpaccio I wish they didn't put grated parm on it (I felt it cheapened it-just go with the shaved fresh parm and call it done!) and there were no capers. I am used to having capers on carpaccio but to each his own. For dessert (which I usually skip) I went with Shannon's glowing recommendation of the doughnuts. Oh. My. God. They are hot and fresh and delicious. Rolled in cinnamon sugar they come with two dipping sauces and some whipped cream. These are made for splitting I would assume because there were a lot of holes. But so good. I loved this place and I will be back soon. Hopefully to sit in the dining room or at least give a steak a try!
4	Overall an excellent experience. Service is excellent Evan though she never brought me my lemon for my water. When paying over 200 for dinner for 2 I would like my lemon please. Guess I am picky. The steaks were phenomenal but again she reversed our temperature of cooking mine was the way my guest wanted his and his was the way I wanted mine. But still quality meat so no complaints. They do push to pad the bill but I knew it and accepted so shame on me. Will definitely return soon and maybe be a little more assertive. Also did not have my regular waiter so hopefully will get him back. It is a keeper!
5	Excellent as usual. Service is the best in charlotte. Crab cake sandwich, Reuben & Philly steak. Excellent carrot cake. I'll go back just for dessert. Highly recommend.
2	Honestly I'm not sure what the big rave is about this place. My company celebrates International Women's Day and part of it was lunch and the people planning it chose The Palm. They both raved about it etc. So they have this pre-fixed 3 course power lunch menu going on. So most of us chose to do that. Nothing stood out to me... The ceasar salad ehhh I've had WAY better. For the entree had the steak medallions with the fries/onion strings (the side choices are awful!!) and for a steakhouse that was some lame steak.  Desert choices were flourless chocolate cake and cheesecake. I got the chocolate because I love it and even that was rather disappointing but it was the best thing I ate. Truly I felt like I was eating somewhere like Applebee's and their prices do not reflect that. Thankfully it wasn't my tab and I'd never go back. The service was really good for our large group but the restaurant was empty so they didn't have anything else to do.
3	Simply put the service is great, the atmosphere is very classic which I like, but the food is just meh and terribly overpriced. My wife and I were on a weekend vacation and both had the filet and I had some lobster as well. It was just ok. Started with the Caesar salad which was not very flavor full. My steak came out over cooked, sent it back and they brought me a whole new dish cooked like I had ordered. It was just ok, for the same price we can get much better wet aged steaks that are much more full flavor at home. If you have $60 per person to drop plus tip go ahead and go but you probably won't be too impressed.
3	I like the restaurant itself more than the food. $100 for a less than 4 pounds lobster is a little pricy but taste good, so it's fine. But the hamburger was dry, I can find many tasty hamburger only cost 1/4 price. So if ever go there again, I might just order some appetizer and drinks.
5	Absolutely Amazing Birthday Dinner with Suzanne!!  Palm filet mignon and 3 lbs. Lobster!!The Hash Browns are to die for also!!
