5	I had my wedding here and I must say I didn't need a wedding planner with these guys.  Husband and wife owners and they treated my event like it was their own.The outdoor area was big enough to handle out 100+ crowd.  Speaker system worked nice so everyone heard the whole ceremony. It was just flat out GORGOUS with the decor with the fountain and red brick and this is just the outside.The inside was 100 time better than the outside giving it that outside cafe in Italy look.  The food was EXCELLENT all around.  Just the experience was top notch.  All the guests said we picked a great place and a couple of my friends are having their weddings there.  A lot better value than some of the other venues, more bang for the buck.
5	My Cousin just got married here a few weeks ago and the entire evening was amazing!!  The indoor and outdoor settings were gorgeous, cozy,  and inviting!  This wedding was honestly the most beautiful wedding I have ever been to.  I loved the fountains, the trees, the lights and brick walls inside, and the list goes on and on.  If you love the feel of Disneyland (warm, happy, unique) then you will love this place!  Everything was just so quaint and attention to detail was excellent!!
4	I just got married here in September and I truly loved it!!  This place is a little gem.  The Regency Garden gave us a weddings all inclusive menu that took the hunt out of finding the right people to do the job!!!  It was beautiful, and elegant and at the same time not stuffy or plain.  I would definitely refer my friends to get married here.  The only complaint that I have is that the photographers could have done a better job as well as offer a better package with the Regency Garden.  On that note they have tried to accommodate and fix the issue, but you just can't get back pictures that weren't taken, especially on your wedding day....
5	A quick note that we had our reception here 4 years ago, so I don't know how much of this is still relevant, however recent reviews seem to match.  I feel really bad that I haven't reviewed them until now!We had been looking at reception halls all day before stopping at Regency.  As soon as we walked in we felt like it was "the one."  the outside courtyard is gorgeous, with kind of a European feel to it.  We just loved the brick work, the fountain, and the landscaping.  Moving indoors, they have it decorated to look like the outdoors, for a very charming effect.  We loved the fact that we got to use both the courtyard outside and the indoor area.  This made it extremely comfortable for our guests, as those who wanted a quieter atmosphere could move outside.  The lighting is romantic, but not too dim.  For such a beautiful place, you would expect to shell out a ton of money, but they were actually the most reasonably priced of all the places we looked at.  And for what they provide, it's an even better deal.  They provided all the linens (which can be a huge expense in itself) as well as the flowers for the centerpieces.  They just directed us to their partner florist (Crismon Flowers) and we got to pick everything out.  That really saved us a lot of time and money!  Any bit of furniture we could have needed, they already had, including a DJ table.  They also took care of all the cleanup which made for a very relaxing evening for our guests.  We got so many compliments on what a beautiful reception it was.  Everything went off without a hitch.  We were thrilled with it and would recommend Regency Garden to everyone!Also, to the person who said it's not good for kids, it might be helpful for those reading if you explained exactly what happened.  Did something get broken?  Were they rude to you?  We had a TON of children at our reception (most of my family is Mormon) and we didn't have any problems.  They were able to run around and be kids.  We HAD to have a venue that was kid-friendly, otherwise a huge chunk of our guests wouldn't have been able to come.  So that's why I'm curious exactly what the circumstances were, because they seemed very tolerant of kids when I was there, and it sounds like they host Mormon receptions all the time, so I know they're used to accommodating children and large families.  I'm sorry you had a bad experience, but I'd say it's probably the exception and not the norm.   More details would be useful for helping people make a decision.
5	My daughter Susan  was married at the Regency Garden this past weekend and it was the day I hoped and imagined for her and her husband. Chris is just delightful to work with. Regency does everything for you and keeps everything running smoothly. We used all the preferred vendors and because they work so often with Chris pretty much everything was like clock-work- -smooth and seamless. A few minor, very minor things occurred but the staff at Regency knows how to handle everything so professionally that you don't panic- you feel confident that everything will be just fine (and it was). Chris is delightful to work with. He is calm, personable and his attention to detail is amazing. The venue is so gorgeous- it was charming and elegant and just perfect for my daughter and our family. The sound system is amazing. I love all the details such as the waterfalls, twinkle lights, fresh scents, music system, layout of the facility, ambiance inside the venue, etc. etc.  I can't say enough good things about this place. It was also affordable so the wedding my Susan dreamed of her whole life could come true! Thank you Regency Garden!
4	The Regency Garden will surprise you! It is one of the prettiest indoor/outdoor wedding venues in the valley. I recently attended an intimate ceremony at Regency Garden, and I was so impressed with the charm of the outdoor garden wedding space!  Regency Garden is a REFRESHING alternative to typical Golf Course ceremony/reception options. This is what makes it such an attractive space for clients and guests looking to feel comfortable throughout a smaller ceremony! There is ample room for dancing and taking pictures! Staff is extremely accommodating and flexible!!!
5	My husband and I got married at Regency Garden in October 2013. The venue is gorgeous and all the details are tended to. It's an enchanted fairy tale type of wedding. We worked closely with Chris, the owner and he is remarkable. I completely trust him with everything. All of his vendors are experienced and so easy to work with. Vendors are spaced out so there is virtually no stress. If you are looking for a venue, it's worth you while to check out this place during the open house.
4	Went here for a friends wedding and let me tell you..the venue is beautiful! The food was good. The dj was super entertaining which made it even more fun! They had a bar and pretty lighting and even clean bathrooms, which were also decorated nicely. The only thing that I didn't like was how small it was. The dance floor didn't have much space for our circle of love around the lovely couple.
