4	I was a little confused as I walked up to Cotterell Lighting store in the Newington area. I was presented with what appeared to be a beautiful old church but the "Sale now on" said something different. Then, I noticed the huge signs for "Cotterell Lighting" and I decided to pop in. I was still really confused and wondered if I was entering some kind of bizarre lighting cult.As soon as I entered I realised that it was indeed a shop, and it sold lighting, all kinds of lighting, in every design you could think of. There were two friendly staff members working who just told me to give them a shout if I needed any help so I decided to browse. I couldn't believe how many different lighting styles they had and if you're looking for a new lampshade or light then you will find exactly what you're looking for here. In addition to lighting they also do a small amount of furniture.I noticed a really cool mirror ball light, a lampshade on a stand that was designed to look like a fish bone and a huge mirror that I like instantly as it made me look better than I actually do.I have to admit, it was a little odd walking around an old church and it was pretty much intact apart from the missing pews. When I looked up I could see that the upper seating of the church was still there and if that area was still accessible you could have taken a seat and looked down at the now lighting shop. The creaking floor boards were still there as were the stained glass window and painted high ceiling. It seems a waste that such a beautiful church is now just a shop and even stranger that it hasn't been disguised as a shop.I'd recommend visiting under the guise that you need a new lightbulb, as it really is an experience.
4	Those looking to unleash the interior designer within themselves can do no better than to come here.  It's not particularly cheap, but if it's modern and slightly more unique items you are after then this is the place you are looking for.However, it should be noted that this place does not deal exclusively in lights and also offers other interior items generally including some sort of relationship to light in one form or another such as a number of items of furniture consisting of mirrors as their external surface.  IF you do want something a bit more specific and have the money to spend then a visit here might be in order.
