4	We love this place. It recently got moved a building over, into a waaaay bigger suite. It's about 5 times the size it used to be. It's now located in the same parking lot as Great Skate. Anyway, this is our dive bar hangout. This is a place to go on the weekend nights with your friends to hang out, have some drinks, sing some karaoke, play darts or pool, and have a good time. Food is medicore bar food, wish it was a little better. But hey, we don't come here for the food anyway, we come to hang out.
5	I had fun with some friends on a Sunday night. Stevie the bartender made us some awesome drinks! Shark the karaoke guy was nice enough to listen to our awful singing. Dana the owner is amazing, and I will be coming back!
5	This bar is THE best place to be, whether it be for the best bloody Mary's or a fun Weekend night.  The staff is great, the food is awesome and the environment is wonderful.  Arcade games, tons of Pool tables, poker, darts, betting on dog races.    Steak and eggs is the bomb!  What makes it is the owners are out and visible and eventually will know your name.
4	They opened their bar to us all day for our KWSS pledge drive Friday. The place is huge! Lots of space for hanging out for an evening with your friends. Had one of their burgers for lunch- ironically enough it was also National Fast Food Day. Well cooked burger, but I think the fries were frozen from a bag. The service was excellent from Yvonne, and she took care of all of us ALL DAY LONG. Just wonderful. The owner is also a great guy. I'm not just saying this because they let us take over for the day. If I'm ever up in that area and need a place to grab a bite, I'm going to Stingers.
2	Crap hole. Awesome bartenders. Shitty overpriced food. Warped pool tables. Only good thing about this place (besides the barmaids) is if you wanna get in a fight, just look at someone. The owner is a whiny prick. We tried to make a complaint and he blames everything on the bartenders. They bust thier asses serving a bunch of scumbags. This review is not based on one single visit, but several weeks of having to go to this place. It's a Steelers bar. Gimme a break.
3	Stingers is my neighborhood bar. I was going there several times a week for awhile until I decided to cut down on my drinking. They make really stiff drinks and always have a "you Call it" special going later at night so ask for it. Their chicken wings are delicious and on point. I get them HOT. My favorite thing is they have karaoke EVERY NIGHT, I think it starts at 10 pm. They do have a karaoke host but my one complaint is you have to pay $1 into a karaoke machine in order to sing a song.
4	I haven't been in a while. I love, love, love the new karaoke machine. Wish there were better singers. It would be a lot more fun. Nice staff and very roomy. I'll be back.
5	Stingers for a sports bar local hangout, its about as good as it gets, cold beer, great looking bar help, pool, darts, great people, live music, and  a great happy hour spot 25 cent wings till 4, what more do you need,
2	Great place to shoot  pool BUT- ---- I guess the goal is to make as much profit off cheap, low quality food as they can and they seem to be very successful at it. When I ordered the nachos it became very clear why the establishment is called stingers because when I saw what I got for the price that I paid it did sting. The nachos reminded me of when I was 13 and failed horribly at trying to make nachos at home for the first time. My buddy thought I had ordered a salad. IT WAS SO BAD and very $$$. I was stuck there all day for a pool tournament so I ordered again. This time I ordered a brat. $7.25 for a nasty brat on a First street bun and some old fries. Looking back on the nachos I'm sure that it had to be explained to the cook how to prepare them. No one would deliberately make nachos like that unless instructed to. The instructions must have been as followed: Do not layer anything, layering will be loss of profit. Do not use anything less then the cheapest chips available, using quality chips would be a loss in profit. Use nasty Velveeta cheese but use it sparingly, using too much would be a loss in profit. Next sprinkle the meat on, a normal amount of meat would be a loss in profit. Last, load it up with cheap lettuce.
3	Good neighborhood place,  plenty of pooltables to play.  Could be better off they bring back The Shark on kareoke! The food isn't bad either.
1	Avoid beer pong night.
5	When you're a football fan of a not-so-popular team (Go RAMS!), it's hard to find a bar willing to give you a big screen TV. From the get-go (late 2012), the owner set aside a big screen TV for us and would even set up tables for us before kickoff. That was when we only had about 6 people watching the game. Now the word is out, our fan base is growing, and we take up the entire back section by the dart boards - all 20+ (and growing) of us. The breakfast specials & Bloody Mary's are good and the bathrooms are clean. They also have a lot of pool tables, TVs outside on the covered patio, and ample parking.
3	This bar has everything you would expect a Glendale sports bar to contain. Darts, poker, pool, big TVs for football and a patio outside for the smokers. I went to use the restroom and noticed they also sell cigs in the vending machines, ($8 bucks in case you were wondering). I haven't seen that in ages.
1	If the first bad experience wasn't enough it took a second time of going here to really settle an opinion of this place. Well I can sufficiently say this is an expensive bar for being such a DIVE. 4.25 for a pint. They had about a dozen beers on tap but if you're a beer snob the choice was kilt lifter or Stella or this goose island IPA, So with limited local crafts and more emphasis on domestics, bud light specifically, I called it a night. Good wings, that's all this place had going for them. So many other dive bars with friendlier bartenders and better specials. And be careful of the tubby dark haired security gaurd, at 2:05 sharp they start rolling everyone out after pouring them a drink at 1:55. He was literally walking around yelling to hurry up and finish so he can lock up. All we can do is not support this place and hope they go out. If not it will probably get shut down for over serving someone then forcing them out to go get a DUI or worse. This place is a shame. At a minimum they should be humble and that's the last thing you feel from the 35yo blondie pouring your drinks with attitude like she still has something to prove.... Look around it's wood paneled like a dive with Vegas style service. Atleast try the wings if you read this and are unfortunately already there. I will not be back EVER.
