5	Really happy this place is finally open. The biggest problem with the menu is that you can't order everything. When gourmet chefs open a sandwich shop, everyone wins.My girlfriend and I shared the Bastardo and a Beef Shank sandwich. The Bastardo was awesome, the drippy egg added so much. The Beef was also quite good, the combination of fennel, celery, and whole grain mustard was perfect on an already delicious portion of beefy goodness. We also split two sides- truffle lentils and the potatoes. Both were great, I can't think of any sandwich shop that will roast potatoes for you, it's a nice departure from the ubiquitous truffle fry. Speaking of truffle, the lentils are awesome, made with bits of bacon I could have eaten a bucket full.The sandwiches were so good, despite my better judgement, I ordered a third, the lamb pita. This one was packed with piping hot lamb meatballs, it has some spice with fresh jalapenos, but was countered nicely with some cilantro.We washed it all down with two of their house infusion drinks, I had lingonberry and she had ginger. Delish!Bottom line, eat here. I'm going back asap to finish off the rest of the menu.
4	Though the name may imply it, the Thin Man Sandwich shop is not a diet sandwich shop serving veggie pitas and bowls of steam. This joint is serving high quality, cheffed out sandwiches that are packed with flavor.I had the beef shank sandwich with horseradish mayo, whole grain mustard, and shaved fennel and celery. This sandwich was the perfect combo of savory fattiness from the beef shank, sharpness from the mayo and mustard, and crunchy freshness from the fennel and celery salad. Slap all of those great flavors inside a crunchy/chewy Breadworks baguette and you will be in for treat.My only complaint about this shop is that it the service can be a little slow. I stopped in here on a Saturday morning around 11, there were three other people in the shop, and it took about 10 minutes from when I placed my order to when I received my sandwich. A gentleman came in after me, ordered 1 sandwich to go and it took him about 10 minutes as wells to received his order. I know they just opened and I'm sure they are still working the kinks out. Hopefully the wait time will be cut down in the future. That being said the wait was well worth it, the sandwich rocked.
5	Do yourself a favor and go to the Thin Man Sandwich Shop.  I've been eagerly waiting for this place to open after I read an article about it (I can't remember where?) and it was definitely worth the wait.  I came here on a Saturday afternoon with my parents who happened to be in town for the day.  Inside, the place is decorated in white and red and is a bit tight.  Lucky, they have additional lofted seating upstairs.  I ordered the Thin Man with a pumpkin soup and my parents ordered the Red Curry Hummus and the Albacore Tuna with another side of the pumpkin soup.   It only took a bite or two before all of us fell in love with this place.  Everything was so delicious.  The Thin Man (Chicken Liver Mousse, Bacon, Frisee, Red Wine Vinaigrette, on a Baguette) is definitely one of the most creative delicious sandwiches that I have in Pittsburgh and I am a complete sandwich addict.  The soup, which contained Wigle Whiskey from the distillery right up the street, was also bangin'.  Incorporating both bacon and whiskey, two of my favorite ingredients/things in the world, in one meal?  I'm a happy camper.  My only regret is that I didn't sample any of the infused Pittsburgh Seltzer Works beverages.  No worries, with reasonable prices and delicious food I know I'll find myself back here very soon to sample the rest of the menu.
4	What a great addition to the Strip.   If you like a wonderful flavorful tasty sandwich with fresh local ingredients, Thin Man is the place!  Friendly greeting when we entered. Like the chalkboard menu.  The Thin Man sandwich was so good, though probably not for everyone.  Tasty chicken liver mousse with a buttery and saltiness but not overpowering.  The sandwich also had some great bacon, onions and apples.  If you are not into chicken liver there are many other great choices.
5	The Thin Man Sandwich is amazing and worth the trip alone but the sides and soup were also very good. Service was friendly and fast.  Can't wait to go back and try everything else.
4	Who doesn't love a great sandwich?  People I don't want to know that's who.  Thin Man Sandwich Shop makes a great sandwich.  I had the Braised Beef Cheeks and it was fantastic.  The beef was flavorful and every once in a while I got hit with just enough of the horseradish mayo to remind me it was still there.  My wife loves Chicken Liver Mousse so naturally she got their signature sandwich The Thin Man.  The mousse was light and fantastic, and the bacon/frissee/vinaigrette rounded out a wonderful lunch.   Bread is often what makes or breaks a sandwich for me and the baguette is perfect, it's soft yet sturdy, the perfect combination.My biggest complaint was there wasn't enough seating.  There isn't a ton of places to sit, and it was pretty cold outside so sitting by the window was freezing!
5	On a brisk Friday afternoon, I made the long trek from downtown to the strip district.  Besides needing the exercise, I've had a couple people tell me this place was good, and so I couldn't ignore the calling any longer.Thin man Sandwich Shop, is located on 21st street, not too far from the Church on the corner with Smallman.  This is a small place, with perhaps seating for 5 or 6 downstairs, and another couple tables up stairs.The menu is the traditional chalkboard, and there were at least 15 different options for sandwiches, with another 7 or 8 over top of what is listed online.The choices sound all delicious, and I opted for the Beef shank sandwich which was fantastic.  The stew-like meat was juicy and plentiful with only a minor distraction including a few raw onions.  The baguette that it was served on was nice and crunchy, and perfectly complimented the soft chewy texture of the meat.There were plenty of other things that attracted my attention, including the pork tenderloin.  Some of the staple menu items (with names like "The Thin Man", "Il Bastardo", and "The Smash" also sounded interesting and tasty.The only complaint that I can possibly make is that the sandwich is kind of small --- I could eat two of these in a heartbeat.  While tasty, I expected a bigger meal for the $9+ I handed over.  Sure, they have sides too, but I'd rather just have a bigger sandwich --- more bread and more meat, please.The quality was really over the top good, and for this reason only will I not deduct a star from my review.  I'd give a 4.5 if I could, but this places is miles above many other places in Pittsburgh, and deserves the rating I gave.
4	This is not just a sandwich shop (even though it's in the name!), but almost more like a gourmet sandwich shop. They're not going to slap together two pieces of bread and some meat and call it a day. All the sandwiches looked amazing, it was really hard to choose. I love love love lamb, so the Lamb Kofta Pita spoke to me! Good thing, because it was the right choice! With delicious tender meatballs, yogurt-tomato sauce and jalapeno for a little kick, it was so tasty! For $9.50 it's not a cheap lunch, especially if you want sides, but it was well worth it in my book!It's a small space, but there's still a decent amount of seating at the bar downstairs or upstairs at the tables. The staff is also super friendly, which leaves a great impression for a new biz. It's a welcome addition for something that I think will only add to the Strip!
4	Had the seasonal beef shank sandwich - really good - I'll be back to try other things
4	Yum. If you're hungry, go here. As mentioned, the name comes from the owners' love of old movies.This shop is owned and run by a husband-wife team, and they are wonderfully friendly and helpful. We got the braised grass-fed beef sandwich and it was delicious! My only complaint was the bun it came on, very un-flavorful white bread, but at least it was toasted; and the menu probably said white bread I just didn't read it carefully enough! The menu is filled with local food or ethically raised food--the wife said their goal was to bring their background of fine dining to a cafe setting. Success!Anyway, I will go back, which is why there's four stars. For the type of sandwich shop it is, it's pretty delicious!
4	You sort of have to come here with an open mind and a willingness to spend some money (they're a little pricey).The Smash sandwich is weird but good. Loved the roasted sweet potatoes and beets and the chocolate AND the raisin cookies.The service was good and the decor was modern. Cool that like Carhops, it's not far from where I work now.
4	I have been meaning to stop in here, I really enjoyed my experience and will be coming back here soon! I came here for a lunch and didn't know what to order since everything looked so good. I went with their namesake sandwich...The THIN MAN. That was a heck of a good samich. I will warn you thought that it is definitely a rich and savory bite. The chicken liver mousse was what made it very rich and I loved the hunks of bacon. I mean you really can't beat a sandwich with a healthy dose of bacon. Everything is cooked before your eyes and I came here right at the lunch rush and let me tell you it was entertaining to watch the two chefs cranking out samichs. I don't know how those two kept everything straight with orders.
5	Yum X 100000.  I realize I've been handing out a lot of 5 star reviews lately, but its only because I've been treated to some incredible food!  I am a lucky girl.  Anyways... this place is awesome.  I love that they only have a small selection of sandwiches that are menu staples.  A vast majority of the menu changes with the seasons.  Love that they use in season, local ingredients.  I've had the pleasure of tasting their signature Thin Man sandwich.  Chicken liver mousse and bacon? HECK YES.  The flavors in this are mind-blowing.  A little while ago I opted for the Mortadella (also a permanent menu item).  This was definitely a great sandwich, but after my experience with the Thin Man, its hard for anything to measure up.  However, during my most recent visit... I found a seasonal sandwich that overtook the Thin Man as my favorite by a small margin.  The Swiss Chard.  Topped with a hard boiled duck egg and citrus-cumin butter on lightly toasted white Italian bread.  Wowzers.  I had to save half for my boyfriend so I could share this wonderful experience with someone else!  He was equally as impressed.  Side note:  The sandwiches take a little longer to prepare.  The owner was preparing our latest sandwiches.  I couldn't help but watch him - his attention to detail is what makes this place so special.  Thin Man Sandwich is a welcome addition to the Strip and holds its own with some of the best food destinations in the city.
4	Roasted cauliflower and shrimp sandwich, crispy pepper polenta, and a great selection of sodas to boot...  a great finish to our obligatory monthly strip district meandering.I had been wanting to try Thin Man following the glowing reviews and press it was getting, but ultimately, Gaucho stole me first.  No worries!Thin man represents everything that is great about the Pittsburgh food renaissance.  Hard working and caring owners, a dedicated staff, innovative offerings, and commitment to quality.  Definitely has a retro-neuvo mixed feel to the dinning room (limited stools against the glass available for seating, but there is additional seating upstairs).Will. be. back.
4	I stopped by with my sister a few Saturdays ago. The chefs/owners were very friendly and gave us advice about which sandwiches were best according to whether we liked fresh and light, spicy, rich and heavy, etc. I had the Korean BBQ on a baguette. It was cooked to order right in front of me. I wasn't a huge fan of the flavor of the beef, but I'll certainly return to try some more of their interesting options, like the goat's milk marinated chicken.
5	This place was outstanding!  On a quest for a Sunday lunch option that wasn't heavy, used real food, and wasn't overpriced...I found a gold mine!  This corner sandwich shop is housed next to Pamela's where 21st Coffee and Tea was formerly located.  Walking in, I was greeted by a very friendly employee who helped me decide between a wide variety of very different, very intriguing sandwhich options.  If you're looking for a good old ham and cheese or meatball sub this is not the spot for you.  But if fresh ingredients, unique combinations, and bold flavor are what you're in the mood for, search no further.  I went with the Grilled Paneer with Green Mango, Coriander Chutney on Pita.  This is not a fast food, or pre-made shop, so I pulled up a stool and watched as the chefs prepared my sandwich fresh right before my eyes. The portion was substantial, and filling, without that "carb-load I have to go home and take a nap now" result.  Tons of fresh mango slices, and the coriander chutney was made from scratch...nothing in a jar or bottle in this sandwich!  For those who may wonder if I am a vegetarian, the answer is no...but having many friends who are, I am always intrigued by those options as well.  Not only was it delicious...but so reasonably priced I was almost shocked to get such a good sandwich for less than $10.  It may be called the Thin Man Sandwich Shop...but there is no skimping on flavor or personality in the food or staff at this strip district spot!
3	After another visit to the TMSS, I've dropped my rating.There are two reasons for it:1. The Smash, which is a signature sandwich from them, is relatively boring and just not that good.  It's a chicken sandwich.....and when all said and done, it's just not great. It's ok.  I can get similar food closer and cheaper.2. The cashier thought it was appropriate to adjust her radio in the middle of lunch rush(12:15pm) instead of taking orders while a half-dozen customers waited for her.  This is a bigger indication that she cares more about herself than serving her guests. No sense of urgency.I find it interesting that the Mexican stand outside of Reyna's next door was anxiously trying to take orders from people. I bet THEY weren't trying to adjust their radios.What's the difference?  TMSS shouldn't rest on their laurels --- they are only as good as their last service.The sweet and sour pork was very good.
5	Really fabulous sandwiches! Fresh, local, full of flavor... Love. I'm a bit obsessed with The Smash chicken sandwich! The picked green onions are amazing. Now if they'd only serve diet coke...
4	Some of my Yelp buddies have said get to The Thin Man Sandwich Shop in the Strip ASAP! They were right!!!Unless there's a line that gives me some time, I'm not good with chalkboard menus. I feel pressured to make a decision too quickly and I did that here. I would have totally picked what my husband picked with 2 minutes more and then this would have probably been a 5 star review. I chose a 3 star sandwich. The sweet & sour pork with roasted apricots, that could have been sweet potatoes or carrots based on what they brought to the sandwich which was nothing but orange color. There was honey and thyme supposedly, but I didn't pick up either flavor. The pulled pork and bread were awesome, but can you tell it left me wanting some punch? And then....I bit into hubby's Korean BBQ beef brisket with pickled bean sprouts & snow peas and angels started singing!  Oh my, oh my. So loaded with flavor & spice and just ridiculously interesting, in general. My daughter-in-law gave me a bite of the Green Mango Grilled Paneer with coriander chutney and those harpy girls started singing again! I do enjoy all things mango but I knew our girls would go for this so I knew I'd get to taste it and thought I'd be adventurous.Did I say I hate being pressured to order in a hurry? From now on I'm taking my time with that chalkboard until I'm good and ready!!
5	I love all sandwiches. Lucy in the strip will always be my #1, but these guys come in at a close second. Every sandwich has been a heavenly medley- both completely satisfying and oddly refreshing. That duck pork sausage is so awesomely sinful and the original thin man is unforgettable. They know their competition though and rumor has it they'll trade you any one of their sandwiches for one of Lucy's. Now I have the ultimate first world problem of choosing between Lucy's, Thin Man, Chicken Latino, and Reyna's when I visit that corner of the strip.
4	I SO wanted to go here after word of mouth and fellow yelper reviews had me super excited. So we went after our Wigle Whiskey tour and WOW! Am I glad I did!!  I knew that the owners were classically trained and had worked at one of my favorite top end restaurants, Isabela's on Grandview, but didn't know that level of sophistication could be applied to the common sandwich. But oh, my friends, these are NOT common sandwiches! I was blown away! Temptation stares you in the face as you look at the chalkboard menu complete with scratch outs as items sell out.I was fortunate to have had the wisdom/luck to order the Korean BBQ Beef brisket which has haunted me ever since. Can a sandwich really be that good?? I'm ruined forever! Tender BBQ Korean brisket, pickled bean sprouts (you read that right) and snow peas and a fresh baguette - it put a smile on my face for days. And left a craving for more I can't quite satisfy.My wife got the Sweet and Sour pork with roasted apricots, honey and thyme which was good but not as good as mine. My daughter got the grilled paneer with green mango and coriander chutney on a pita. I had some of that (naturally!) and can say it was AWESOME!! Next time I'm gonna get the Il Bastardo cause I love fresh mortadella - that is, if I can exercise some restraint and not get that brisket....
2	I stopped into Thin Man on a Saturday afternoon in the Strip and couldn't wait to try it out.  A quick glance at the menu and I noticed that the prices seemed a little steep, but given the quality ingredients figured that it was worth the cost.  We placed our order and then waited... and waited for our food.  We were the only people there at that time so I am not sure why it took so long, but had the food been worth the wait I would have let that go.  Our party of four ordered three sandwiches and a salad.  While everything was fresh and tasted good- nothing was amazing.  The blue cheese on my sandwich was top notch.  The candied almonds on my mom's salad were delectable.  But at the end of the meal we were each left a little bit wanting- for more food and some money back in our wallets.  I am sure the rent for this space is not cheap, but if Thin Man wants to be around for the long haul they will need to seriously reconsider lowering their prices and/or adding some bulk to their sammiches.
4	I have to be honest, I didn't start out going to Thin Man Sandwich Shop yesterday.  My local Lawrenceville joint was closed for the weekend and I was taken to Thin Man to pick up lunch.  I'm so happy it worked out that way!  Instead of the same old same old, I got to enjoy the Garlic Roasted Eggplant sandwich.  It had all sorts of good things that I like on it like spinach and pine nuts and a really tasty yogurt sauce.  Oh, and it was on a really fresh baguette.  I was delighted to learn that they make their own infused seltzers.  I tried the sweet ginger.  It was really refreshing and not as sweet as a regular soda which is my preference.  I loved my lunch!  It made me realize that I have to get out of Lawrenceville once in a while and explore a different area.  A great eating experience can occur.
2	We had sandwiches from here not too long ago.  The combinations sounds really interesting and appetizing, but the results did not live up to my expecations.  The sanwhiches I've had there lacked real flavor and were overpriced.  There are many better options in the Strip.
5	Some of the best sandwiches I have ever had in my life. I keep wanting to go back and try them all. Their signature thin man sandwich is a thing of beauty. I dream about these sandwiches in my sleep.
5	Fantastic! I've watched shows where the host goes to a restaurant, tries their foods and explains the flavors, textures, and so forth. I never really understood until I came to this restaurant.So I'm going to keep it simple: this restaurant's food is clean, fresh, made to order. You can taste every single ingredient, layer by layer. A must go-back-to.
5	This is just such a unique sandwich shop! In my opinion, exactly what Pittsburgh needs.  A Must try.Staff: warm, welcoming, and very helpfulFood: I've tried two of the veggie-friendly sandwiches, and both were AWESOME. The hummus sandwich was salty and delicious. The collard greens (seasonal) was warm, and comforting. Friends have tried the duck, thin man, and chicken and really loved them.Before you go- make sure you have an open mind. I saw a family come in, wrinkle their noses and leave. REALLY? They totally missed out! If you don't know what something is on them menu, just ask! They will probably let you have a taste. And the seltzer drinks are a must!!
5	Good fresh ma and pa shop in the strip a must for those who like good quality affordable food
5	I had the Thin Man and a Leek and Bacon soup while I was here, and all I can say is WOWZA! Everyone is right about their special sauce. The delicious, quality food matched the delightful, friendly master chef's (and their mom!). The atmosphere, staff, and food of this place will definitely keep me coming back for more affordably fantastic food.
4	The menu is crazy! Some one else wrote it is what Pittsburgh needs and they are correct. I went with the signature sandwich that was the Chicken Liver Mouse on a beget. The sandwich was good mouse was very creamy and the bread was toasted perfectly and the bacon was done perfect also. Just not my favorite combo. Every ones taste are different. My chef friend who I was with loved it. Also we had the garlic Potato and the were cooked to order and were tasty as well. We also had some the Parsnip and Potato soup which was very creamy and had a good flavor. I would go back again but I would try another sandwich.
5	Visiting Pitt and stumbled on to this place.  Lucky break for me.  Had the signature sandwich and really enjoyed it.  The flavor combos were great, all the ingredients were fresh and it was built on a very good foundation: a fresh, flakey baguette.  By the way, great value.
5	Love this place! I had the shaved beef sandwich with snap pea slaw, green garlic and other delicious toppings on it. Hands down the best steak sub I've ever had. The slaw made it so so good and the bread was so yummy! I discovered this on my bike route and I am soo glad I did. It looks like a regular sub shop from the outside but the menu is definitely different than any other sandwich shop I've been to. Definitely top of the line gourmet sandwiches here. And the price wasn't too bad either. Especially because you are getting fresh, made to order food. And believe me, you can definitely taste the freshness. I will definitely be going back!
5	The sandwich I had (the smash) was delicious! It is such a cute little place with a chalkboard menu. The people working there were so nice and helpful. I also recommend one of the seltzer drink. I had the sweet ginger one and it was tasty!
4	Really good.   From the cream if chard soup to the crispy risotto cake sides.  Our sandwiches were also delicious.  Highly recommend this place.
5	The single best sandwich place in Pittsburgh hands down. Everything is thought out, the menu rotates often, and the ingredients are all high quality, the bread is really good. I really love the staff at Thin Man too. I eat here more than any other place in the Strip for lunch.
2	I came here on a Sunday afternoon and it wasn't that busy. The interior was comfortable and clean. I ordered the roasted pork belly, couscous & quinoa side dish, and rhubarb-kiwi seltzer drink. I love pork belly and was excited to try the sandwich but was disappointed. I could not taste the cayenne on the pork belly and the grilled scallions were barely there. With the couscous and quinoa side dish, I liked the radish in it to give it a nice bite but could really taste the couscous and not the quinoa. Lastly, the rhubarb-kiwi seltzer drink was an interesting flavor combination. My one critique of the seltzer drink was that it became flat within 30 minutes. Overall, I thought the food was good but I was left wanting more.
5	This place is fantastic! Its off the strip and a lot less crazy than the restaurants on the main drag. The sandwiches are all soo fresh! We actually watched a local farmer stop by and drop off a box of produce while we were there. The smash and the meatball sandwiches are great, as well as the potato salad and the melon soda! We will be regulars here!
4	This place surprised me. It's for sure more than a sandwich shop. These guys are elevating the sandwich to fancy restaurant like qualities. I had a Pork tenderloin and Asparagus sub with a Mexican Coke, real sugar and some couscous. Everything was really good and I for sure will be going back when I'm in the strip. I mean when was the last time you had Asparagus and Pork Tenderloin in a sub? Do yourself a favor and next time you are in the Strip District skip Primanti and do the Thin Man Sandwich Shop instead. You will be thanking me.
4	The sandwiches here are imaginative and original and executed perfectly. We stopped in on a Sunday afternoon when the strip was hopping. They have their signature sandwiches that stay the same year round and then they have seasonal offerings that change thoughout the year. I ordered the Indonesian beef and shrimp, Chris had the braised pork shank and mom had the smash. The Indonesian beef and shrimp had tons of flavor without being too spicy. The beef was perfectly cooked, moist and easy to chew through, not tough or chewy in the least. This sandwich was loaded with beef and shrimp. Add to that the crunchy cucumbers and toasted baguette and you have a textural and flavorful paradise. It was awesome.Chris deemed his braised pork shank "the moistest pork I've ever eaten" which is high praise from someone who doesn't normally say much about his food. It had delicious picketed peaches and green onion mayo. Be forewarned though, this was the smallest sandwich as we had. Don't get me wrong, it was loaded with meat but the nature of the kaiser roll just made it smaller than the other two sandwiches.Moms smash was also delicious, the flavors were more understated than ours. The chicken was again perfectly cooked, a nice sear or the outside moist and juicy on the inside. It was loaded with sprouts and avocado and felt much "healthier" than our choices thanks to the multigrain baguette. Service was very friendly and patient while we perused the menu. They even have some outdoor tables that they are happy to ask those "doughnut people" to vacate when they are loitering lol. I would definitely return!
3	I wanted to love it, but I thought my sandwich was just A-OK.  I had The Smash, with goat milk marinated chicken, avocado, pickled green onion, and alfalfa.  It was good.  The pickled green onion is what made the entire sandwich, which was served on a toasted wheat roll.I will absolutely be back bc they had a grilled sweet potato and beet sandwich that I'd almost ordered and now I have to try.  It's not cheap, but its good, and I can't wait to be wowed next time.
4	Thin Man Sandwich Shop is not your typical deli. I've had the Il Bastardo and The Thin Man - both signature sandwiches but the latter being the most popular in the joint. The sandwiches are pricey but large (sandwiches are about $10). I found myself ordering a side but the sandwiches alone fill me up way past dinner. The ingredients are fresh with the sandwiches made in front of you and the unique combinations tantalize the taste buds. Something unfamiliar and pushes my boundaries but is delicious. Worth giving a shot if you have an open mind!
3	What a pleasant surprise.  The Thin Man is not at all like a chain.  The owners are fans of Thin Man Television/Film series.  They serve delicious gourmet sandwiches, and the shop has a real neighborhood feel to it.  I saw several regulars enter the restaurant and  they were all greeted warmly.  I ordered The Smash, and I will probably order it again, it was so tasty.  Goat Milk Marinated Chicken Breast, Avocado, Alfalfa, Lemon Pickled Green Onion, on a Multigrain Baguette.
5	Phenomenal sandwiches! the sides are amazing too!! Very fresh ... Great combination of flavors
5	Pittsburgh will soon be known for THIN MAN SANDWICHES! Have yet to have a mediocre sandwich there. Egyptian spiced lamb, seafood sausage, chicken liver mousse, braised pork. And the mashed sweet potato with kalamata olives...c'mon! PURE GENIUS!
5	This is as good as it gets, and is setting the bar higher for the rest of the Strip. Everything is fresh, always, and the recipes are considered and nuanced, but still very approachable versions of street food from around the world. I'm a bigger guy, and I can put away the groceries. So you know when I am eating slowly, it's really good. The Thin Man is just plain delicious.
