4	I used to associate this ultra-chic restaurant/bar with those who liked to be seen in Edinburgh (yah's etc) as it was once a private-members club, so imagine my surprise when I went to Hawk and Hunter for a friends birthday - it was really, really lovely!! The decor is really chic and the toilets are amongst some of the best I've ever experienced in Edinburgh. There are two quality indicators I like to use when reviewing places  - the toilet and the temperature of the wine. I give Hawke and Hunter 10 out of 10 for both. Especially the bathroom, it's worth visiting for that reason alone.The Georgian style of the restaurant is typical of Edinburgh New-Town, with a really dramatic sweeping staircase taking you up to the bar, and up again to the restaurant. It's really cool, and I loved just sitting on the sofa's looking around me. The only thing I would criticize, which I would by lying if I said I didn't expect, was the price. You just know you're going to be paying for the drink as well as for the surroundings. Otherwise, it's really worthwhile paying it a visit. PLUS it's open till 3am - for the suave amongst us who like to be out but don't like the stinky clubs, this is the place to go.
5	Hawke & Hunter has that effortlessly polished, self-confident feel about it that does equate to a pretty awesome eating and drinking experience. In its previous lives as The Hallion and Home House, this was a private member's club, but thankfully no longer, and I would suggest to anyone tiring of staring at the same old dance floors and bar stools to come along to the East End and experience something a bit different.Hawke & Hunter is set out over several floors of pretty spacious Georgian Townhouse grandness, with the inconspicuous entrance, which looks a bit like it could be the door to an office or someone's house, leading inside to the restaurant on the ground floor. I recently came here for my friend's hen do, for which we hired out one of the private dining rooms. It was really, really lovely, and beautifully decorated, with the fortune of having our own dining space being absolutely ideal for our purposes, which included a banterful quiz on my engaged friend's life, plus a few speeches and some loud nostalgia and storytelling. The food was also lovely, classic with a bit of a modern tweak to it. It wasn't the cheapest experience of all time, but not too expensive either considering the private dinner party experience.Up the winding staircase you'll find the main bar, which is really striking. With its sweeping bar surface and Art Deco looks, plus a tasty cocktail list, this is definitely a very cool place for a drink. The ladies toilets are something else too. Not something you flag up in a review, but the grandeur of the "powder room" (classier than toilet) is an amazing place for a quick gossip on the chaise longue provided for such activities. Aside from the bar and restaurant, there is also a whisky bar up a further flight of stairs, and some boutique hotel rooms for guests. Hawke & Hunter has definitely been an alcohol scented breath of fresh air for Edinburgh, with a mix of well heeled and quirky individuals looking for something more than what's on offer in other parts of town. Super recommended.
4	So, last time I was here, it was called Ego. This was 3 years ago and Mr. Scruff was doing a DJ set that I went to to photograph for the Student Newspaper. Ego had its weekend gay night (I hope that doesn't sound inappropriate, but that's very literally what it was), and so I heard about it from my flatmate quite often as well. It's a really cool venue, very decadent looking and velvety. Now, it's the Hawke and Hunter and continues to be located in Edinburgh Pink Triangle (not to be confused with the Pubic Triangle) alongside GHQ and the Street. I went to Hawke and Hunter because (surprise surprise!) it's been turned into a venue where they're playing Hot Mess by Ella Hickson (I recommend seeing it). It was an interesting space, dark with paintings that lit up on the ceiling and strange lines of colourful lights on the floor.
4	A Friday regular before my travelling year (even had my leaving do here!), I was not keen upon return to find Hawke & Hunter had finally given in to the Happy Hour ban that had come into play in 2009, of which they had initially managed to find a way around. And sure enough, upon my return to Friday H&H drinks, it looked like the effect had well and truly set in, as my fellow socialisers and I found the bar to be downright empty.So with a heavy heart (and a fickle attitude) I shunned Hawke & Hunter from my social itinerary..... forever!!Or maybe not, fate would have it.....!With my sister's birthday this Saturday past, she had the idea of a Voodoo Rooms/Hawke & Hunter double-whammy. I didn't even know either were on her radar but who was I to argue? So off I trot.And my faith in Hawke & Hunter was re-ignited.Now I should clarify that my reasons for the aforementioned shunning was down to the lack of atmosphere and NOT the lack of happy hour. Hawke & Hunter is an exremely pretty bar, make no mistake, but with no clientele or atmosphere it is all for nought.However, you pour over a helping of bohemia, throw a dash of posers in with a sprinkling of working class and even a sprig of student vibe to top off, shake up this eclectic mix of Edinburgh patronage and you end up with the buzzy atmosphere of Saturday night Hawke & Hunter.On paper, this place should be more pretentious than it actually is. You have the immaculate upstairs bar, playing a retro movie across the linen-draped wall; you have the intimate outdoor garden with its inviting plush seating; you have the intriguing array of eclectic cocktails at slightly above average prices. However the crowd that make up an evening here are such a mixed bag, you never get that 'are they judging me' feeling. Not even from the staff.... something you can't say the same for somewhere like Electric Circus let's say.Hawke & Hunter.... I missed you!PROS: All of the above.CONS: No JD! For shame!
4	I joined over 200 folk here last night for the annual EdTwestival, and so am reviewing Hawke and Hunter as a venue. I know it's also a bar, restaurant, club and dinner-joint. But after 'working' here for a few hours alongside the staff and admiring the gorgeous interior its safe to say I'll be heading back soon to dine.It's in a nice wee location, just round from Broughton Street (one of my favourite places in Edinburgh), and beside the Met cocktail bar. Easy to get to and with lots of bars in reach.We were using the upstairs space and the downstairs and outdoor space. The upstairs hall is really quite big and easily fit over 100 folk, a cake stand, and some bands in. The acoustics were good too and it never got too hot; the ceilings are really tall (I love old Edinburgh buildings) so that helped.I was working up the front desk checking people in, alongside the cloakroom. The girl on the cloakroom was really lovely, and dealt very well with the stress of a lot of people looking to check in, check coats in, and getting us confused about who was doing what. The bouncers I spoke to were nice too, and earlier on in the day the staff setting up were more than helpful. So big thumbs up for all the great people that work there.The downstairs 'club' area was really cosy, nice booths, with a big open space at the bar. Despite being crowded it never felt *too* crowded.Recently there's been a lot of press around the new chef at Hawke & Hunter. My incessant curiosity and foodie nature combined with my positive impression of Hawke and Hunter at Twestival means I'll certainly be back to update this review with foodie ravings galore.
5	I also had Broken Lemon Tart which consisted of yuzu parfait, frozen shortbread, pistachio puree, compact watermelon, and coconut jelly. This was fun, light and each item had a distinct unique flavor. As all good culinary opera's must end, so must this one and it did with my signature doppio espresso with a twist. In keeping with the spirit of the rest of the evening, this near perfect espresso was accompanied with a delicious collage of petifores, (Fudge cheesecake, honey of raisin granola, honeycomb tuile & tanka bean ice cream). I mean seriously how often does one get to eat tanka bean ice cream. This dish was actually the best desert I had this night and it was served on a groovy piece of drift wood. Which reminds me, everything from the preparation, presentation, service and taste at Hawke & Hunter was above and beyond my expectations. I have been to several places that boast food of this level but fail to deliver. Hawke and Hunter was quite the opposite. They didn't boast but they sure did deliver. Bravo!(Pictures are available for all these dishes on the Hawke & Hunter Yelp link)
