5	I have been going to Eric at the Gemsetter for years.  I bought my wife's engagement ring there.  I told him what I wanted it to look like and he made it happen.  I have purchased anniversary gifts there, diamond earrings there, and the gift I gave my wife when she had our first baby.In short, the Gemsetter is the place I go whenever I need to get any jewlery of any kind.Another added bonus is that since we got our wedding rings there, they will always clean them for free for us, and I've even taken in watches that I didn't buy there and they worked on them.  Customer service is personal and genuine and the prices are good.
5	I can't remember the last piece of jewelry I bought that wasn't from Eric at Gemsetter.  He's alway a huge help and has so many unique pieces that I see no where else.  When Eric is working with you, clearly you are the most important person in the world to him.  That feeling helps so much when trying to find the right gift and he's never failed me.Gemsetter has been part of the community for years and his loyal customers are a testament to his hard work.  I can't recommend Gemsetter enough.
5	First and foremost- thank you to my wonderful husband who gave me the world's most perfect ring! I had looked for months for the perfect wedding band to match my antique reproduction engagement ring with an oval diamond (which was purchased from a nightmare of an on-line jeweler by my now husband) and was having trouble finding something that matched and that I loved. In our jewelry store search we just happen to stop in at Gemsetter & Company in Chandler. I had a vague idea of what I wanted and found it difficult to describe and Eric took the time to listen and even was able to do a quick drawing of a curved band that carried over some of the antique elements in my engagement ring.  We were considering on purchasing a mold of the custom wedding band to have the option of a curved band on either side of my engagement ring in the future, but Eric gave us a great deal (2 rings for the price of what other jewelers were quoting us for one).  He is an experienced and passionate jeweler and showed how much he cared about what he does by offering to the wax mold and cast the rings in white gold without a deposit because he was excited about the possibilities with such a unique ring set.  The end result turned out better that I could have ever imagined.  The rings are just beautiful and I would recommend Gemsetter & Company in Chandler to anyone.
1	I met eric and was not impressed with his insulting comments regarding me purchasing a platinum ring. Which my finance already has. He seemed to attempt to make me,regret for buying a metal 3 times the worth and more rare than gold. He said I will regret buying this ring and everyone regrets platinum. Knowing I had already purchased it and more competitive than he could ever match. He's a typical shyster I walked out of his store regretting something I worked so hard to purchase for my future wife. The purest metal he compares to a painted metal.
5	We have used the Gemsetter for more than eight years. He has completed everything from custom designs to cleaning my wife's rings. (a free service I might add) We have found him to be exceedingly honest, willing to share his knowledge, and open to listen to your needs. Short note, several years ago, I purchased an expensive watch from Eric. The band was defective and the manufacturer for some reason could not replace the band. Eric promptly gave me a full refund...no question, no hassles! That one transaction told me this is an honest man who truly cares for his customers.Thanks Eric....
5	I was very happy with the quality of the work and how helpful the staff was.  The gentleman that assisted me had followed up with me after I brought in my engagement ring purchased from one company and my "marriage" band from another company, and was worried I would not be able to make the two look like they matched or fit together.  I left it up to Gemsetter & Co. to use their creative visions and they ended up coming up with a fantastic idea for the ring!  I am the type of person that "eyeballs" how much a trade should cost and they were within what "I THOUGHT" it should cost :)
5	Eric is the best.  There's not a whole lot else to say.  My dad has been going to him for over 10 years and when I started to think about proposing to the girl of my dreams, I started to go to him as well.  He repaired and resized my great grandmother's engagement and wedding ring so it would last another lifetime and has made several one-off pieces for myself and my wife.  I lost my grandfather about two years ago and I got his wedding bands from my grandma and step-grandma so I could turn the two into my wedding band.  He has come up with an amazing idea and I'm getting it next week and getting married at the end of the month!  Eric and I are kindred spirits and he has taken great care of me and my family when it comes to our family heirlooms and much more.  We love Gemsetter and we love Eric.  Thank you, Eric, for being such an amazing jeweler and an even more amazing friend.
5	Absolutely the best!  My family has used Eric over the past couple years for wedding bands, an engagement ring, and several repairs.  Always a pleasure to work with and pays attention to ALL the details.  Wouldn't want to go anywhere else.  I shopped at least a half dozen jewelery stores for the engagement ring and nobody was as pleasant to work with as Eric.  And he has a great selection!
5	I am a jewelers daughter, so after my father passed it was very hard to go to someone else. I took Eric my mothers wedding set that needed repair and he explained to me it should be modified to make it last. He did and I love it! My parents are happy in heaven too.
5	This was a nice place and used yelp to select someplace to resize a wedding band I bought elsewhere. Eric was very helpful and did a wonderful job. Thank you!!
