5	I see Dr Clark and Dr Corcoran here as my primary physicians and have since high school. They're both very efficient and warm people - ideal doctors.  It's an older neighborhood near their office so I'm usually a LOT younger than the patients waiting, but besides that its a normal great office!
5	I see Dr. Corcoran. This is the only doctor I have who does not rush you out! He will listen and work hard to find a answer for you. The office may be a bit slow sometimes, but I KNOW bad doctors.... He is worth the wait! He is easy to talk to too. For some reason I don't get the "stink-eye" from him. Great feeling to be believed and offered help.
1	The staff at this clinic are HORRIBLE. The receptionists ignore you. Dr. Clark's assistant did not wash her hands or wear gloves when giving me a shot. She even tried to wipe the blood away without protecting herself or me. Dr. Clark appears to be competent but basically he just sends you out to specialists since he can never see you when you are actually sick.
1	While dr Corcoran is nice and comforting getting into see one of the doctors is virtually impossible. I have never been able to get in to see a doctor or physicians assistant within48 hours and when you are sick that's essential. Additionally the staff there act as if they are doing you a favor by taking your money. I have never witnessed such nonchalant behavior at a doctors office. Ridiculous
5	My whole family started seeing the doctors here.  I really like my doctors and I've seen Dr. Clark & Dr. Corkrin. My grandparents started coming here and we all like this place.  All of the doctors I've had are really awesome.  So glad I switched doctors.
1	5 stars for the doctors but not happy about the 1-2+ hour wait time EVERY. SINGLE. VISIT. Finding a new doctor because of this unfortunately. So disappointing!
5	Moving into 2015 and dealing with another insurance change. I always freak when this happens because I worry I will lose Dr Corcoran. But I am lucky and all is good. I have been seeing him for a few years now and it is still great. I have had the experience where things often start out fine, and then for what ever reason things sour over time. They can get you in pretty quick. If not with him a NP or another doctor if it is an emergency. I like that Dr. C takes the time to stop and look back in your chart and remind you it has been a while since this or that or whatever. No I don't think he is padding the bill I just think that since he is a DO and not a MD they are trained to think of things more in terms of the whole picture than just lets fix this one issue. He is easy to talk to. Really if I ever got horrible news you would be ok with it coming from him.... I know sounds weird but I have had so many doctors over the years who treat you like you are gum on their shoe or too stupid to live. With my chronic pain issues he is careful to work with my other doctors and keep them informed of any new issues. I kind of wonder sometimes why Dr. Corcoran decided to be "just a primary care doctor" but I am glad he did.
