1	My boyfriend called yesterday morning to look at a property the same evening. They told us someone would meet us at the property at 6 p.m., our designated time. We arrived 10 minutes early, waited 30 minutes and NO ONE SHOWED! We called the office but since it was after 6 p.m. so no one answered. We had to text someone and when they finally responded, they said they didn't have our appointment down and no one had any knowledge of it. They then told us that someone could come meet us but they didn't know how long it would be. After waiting a total of 45 minutes in the cold, we left. Horrible way to do business.
1	By far the rudest most unprofessional property management company I have ever dealt with! I wish I could break my lease and move out now so I never had to deal with them again. They don't return calls, they don't fix problems for months and their office staff is probably the rudest people I have ever dealt with in my life. I can't believe in a business that is word of mouth and referrals that they would allow their staff to speak to their tenants and potential real estate clients the way they do.
1	Don't know where to begin.. This company is the worst. Got into our new home and it was full of bugs, and disgustingly gross. Completely dirty from the three-year-old that lived here prior. I'm talking boogers on the walls and baby toilet seat still on. Child safety locks encrusted in food. The water heater has been broken since we moved and we've been here well over a week. We have had no electricity and half of the house. Anything that could go wrong went wrong. Even the neighbors dogs dug holes under the fence and are in our backyard randomly. Fence is not durable. Are miniblinds and two of the rooms are melted. No one comes to fix anything when they say they are. They show the show up and leave, never return. There's a broken pipe in the garage where the waters just leaking in point down into the driveway. This management  company does not want to take any responsibility nor they do not feel there at fault. The main answer I get when you call them as "I don't know".  Or "it was working fine when we last checked". We still don't have the correct keys to lock the front door. Whatever you do do not deal with these people. Go another route.  Be patient. By the way things are going I doubt this place will ever be at it's 100% percent for what we are paying. We are stuck here for year. :(
1	Horrible reality company! I called set up an appointment to see a property and was told i would get a call back for a time confirmation. I never received  a call back so decided to call back and confirm myself. Once I had a set time they moved my time up and was told that was the only time available. I drove an hour across town to the area where security would then not let us in which then called the agent who had left within a few minutes passed the appointment time. The office did not seem to care one bit and was very unprofessional and rude. DO NOT USE NEW ERA! HORRIBLE COMPANY!!
