4	Saw @ashley B's review and was reminded that this joint just opened on Saturday.  Decided to stop by for dinner and grab a quick bite.The place is casual dining with 20 or so tables.  You order at the counter and they call your name when your Sub is ready.  After browsing the menu decided on an Italian Sub (Italian Sub - Genoa Salami, Pepperoni, Ham, Provolone Cheese and Italian Dressing sprinkled with Italian Seasonings) $5.59.....with a bag of Chips and a bottle of Water.  Total damage $8.42.The girl who took my order was very new and took a while to take the order, but she had a huge smile on her face and was very friendly.....how could I not like this place so far?There were a lot of employees working/getting trained.  My food took around 15 minutes to be prepared.....an employee apologized to me and told me they made my Sandwich wrong the first time, so they had to make a second one.  A) I'm impressed that they cared enough to make it right...some places won't.  B) I'm impressed that an employee cared enough to come and tell me about it rather than have me wait around wondering what happened.After I finally got my Sandwich, I took a few pics and couldn't wait to dive in.....it looked soo good.  After I took my 1st bite, I fell in love with it.....the combination of Meat, melted Cheese, and Italian Dressing/Seasoning made this Sub taste so good with the toasted Italian Roll.  The Jalapeno Chips went well with the Sandwich too.Despite the hiccups because of the new employees, it was a great experience.  They've only been open 3 days and I really like the attitude of the employees.  I hope they make it.Will I return?  You can bet on it!
5	Couldn't resist coming back here to try more of their Subs.  Last visit, I got an Italian Sub.  This visit, I got a New York Steamer (Pastrami, Corned Beef, and Monterrey Jack Cheese) w/Jalapeno Chips and a Soda.....yeah, I normally don't get Soda, but they have Coke Zero on the fountain here....so I caved, damn!As I was waiting for my food, I noticed a huge selection of Hot Sauce! (see pics)  How did I miss that last time?  Seriously, I think I'm in Heaven!  They even have 3 different flavors of one of my favorite Hot Sauce companies (Melinda's)!Of course, I picked two bottles of Melinda's and waited patiently for my food.  After a few minutes, it was ready.  For the first bite of the NY Steamer, I didn't add Hot Sauce because I wanted to try it in it's traditional style.....it was friggin' awesome!  The Pastrami & Corned Beef were juicy and the melted, gooey Monterrey Jack went well with the Meat....of course the Bread was awesome too.  The next few bites, I added Melinda's Habanero & Chipotle Hot Sauce.....wow, it made it even better!  Then I tried the Melinda's Jalapeno Hot Sauce....good, but not as good as the Chipotle.I devoured that Sandwich like it was my last meal on Earth!  What a great experience.....that combined with the serious Hot Sauce collection elevated this joint to 5 Stars for me.Will I return?  I'm already thinking about it!
5	Yay finally they are open! I have been waiting for this sub place to open since it is hard finding a decent sandwich place. As you walk in, it looks like a regular sub place but it's red and I guess gives the firehouse look. The staff greeted with "welcome to firehouse sub." They were very helpful with what was the best seller sub and add-ons. The Hook & Ladder Sub (combo $7.78 sub $5.59) is the best seller sub which has hot smoked turkey breast, Virginia honey ham, and melted Monterey Jack. Even though the Hook & Ladder was tempting my stomach wanted the Firehouse Steak & Cheese. The Firehouse Steak & Cheese (combo $7.98) has hot sauteed sirloin steak and onions, melted provolone, bell peppers, mayo and mustard. I added mushrooms with it and asked them to take the mustard out. I have to say that it was oh so yummy! Also, if you order a kids menu ($3.69), my daughter enjoyed her grilled cheese with her red fire hat. I would most likely be going here again and try all the subs since they sound all tasty.
3	I was exited when firehouse subs opened one on lake mead, I did not want to go to  the one on eastern the parking there can get crowded. I had the lg italian( genoa salami,pepperoni , ham , lett, tom,dressing , deli mustard and provolone cheese) on wheat bread , I wish they had crusty Italian bread.  The bread was soft, it had alot of meat. The sandwich was on the sweet side must have been from the dressing. I could only eat half of it to sweet , next time no dressing. Wife had the BBQ brisket and cheese . It was alright had a nice smoke flavor. BBQ alright maybe a little sweet.          I wish these sandwich places had french fries instead of chips.  The tables r arranged oddly so if it is crowded u can hardly walk w/ o bumping into someone. Wife went to get refills and found it easier to exit restaurant and walk around the building to return to our table. I hope she did not see me laughing , kinda funny.
2	I heard so many great things and was a bit disappointed. The prices are decent for a combo meal. I got the N.Y. steamer for about 6.00$. The food was just average. Not too impressed. The place is oddly shaped and the tables are placed weirdly. If it's crowded it is kind of hard to get around. The staff was very nice so that's a plus. Also, I'm not sure if I got a bad batch or not but, the cherry lime-aid isn't all that great. If I go back again I'll just get soda next time. I haven't given up yet and I'll go back sometime soon. I just hope the food is a little better next time
4	I've been looking forward to this sub sandwich shop for a while. I like any type sub, be it toasted or not, so when we finally stopped by, I was ready to try one of these great sandwiches I had been hearing about. We were greeted by everyone in the place, it seemed they all shouted out a welcome, but it was crowded and didn't like crawling over all the patrons, tables and chairs just to get to the counter to place my order. I guess going at a busy time for such a small place wasn't that bright. Once I looked over the menu, I decided on the Smokehouse beef and cheddar brisket. It's stuffed with beef brisket that's been smoked for 10hours and covered with melted cheddar cheese. There is a sweat savory BBQ flavored sauce smothered on top a toasted bun. The "beef brisket" isn't what I thought it would be, it turned out to be more like a slow cooked roast sliced thinly and covered with cheese and BBQ sauce. I know brisket and this wasn't what I expected. It was good and in a pinch I would eat it again. But all the hype I have been hearing left me not sure what it was all about.
2	Why the Hype??? My Husband said I should try this place because it was delicious. So when this location opened over by my work, I decided to give it a go. First of all, I ordered a sandwich to go and it took 30 min. 30 min for a sandwich??? A sandwich not served by real firemen? You have got to be kidding me. This better be a damn good sandwich. Secondly, they got my order wrong. But on to the real review. I ended up with the Engineer, which is turkey, cheese and mushrooms. So I start eating my sandwich, bread is nice and soft, turkey is warm, seriously lacking on the mushrooms and NO CHEESE. Now I am kind of pissed. At least at Subway I watch them put cheese on my sandwich. 30 min for a wrong order with no Cheese. What was on the sandwich was good, but not worth the wait and doesn't live up to the hype. The Cherry Limeade is yummy. I wont be back.
5	I've only been here once. Even though it's preferred to order party-platters ahead of time, I ordered a party platter for my work on the spot which usually takes more time. But the manager went ahead, no hesitation, and promised me a decent wait time (15 mins). Party platter comes cold but it tasted delicious, they use gourmet condiments. I can also speak for my co workers because they were stuffing their face and satisfied. Ok. I was stuffing my face too. Guilty. They have tons more signature hot subs on menu that I'll be back to try. Indeed.A couple of plus':  2 flat screens that were playing current sports. Also, these kids that work here are genuine and very helpful and patient with new customers such as myself.  The place has a large seating area that allots probably 30 people. And tables can be moved to combine for larger groups. Come thru.
4	I went here for lunch the other day. I ordered a large firehouse meatball sub. The large is definitely large, and I will be making two meals out of it. The bread was nice and crusty, and the meatballs were better than I have had at some Italian restaurants. There was a HUGE hot sauce bar (50ish), and the restaurant has a definite firehouse motif.
3	I'm pleasantly HAPPY!  =)I just finished an 8 inch meatball sub.  The bread was warm and SOFT, the meatballs were bite size, the sauce was perfect, and the cheese was just enough!~My brother devoured the 8 inch Steamer w/ no veggies....he said it was meaty and good!~My sister-in-law had an 8 inch Italian....she claimed to enjoy it.~My husband is having the 8 inch Roast Beef w/ veggies....how it tastes is yet to be determined because it's awaiting his arrival.~I paid $28 and change for the four 8 inch sandwiches, three bags of chips and one fountain beverage.......I'm not complaining! ~I am however, slightly dismayed by my fountain beverage......it's a make your own cherry limeade.  They provide you with the cherry syrup and you add the limes.  I tasted and tasted some more, but obviously I got the ratio wrong........I'm kinda disappointed, in myself that is! =(  Oh how I LOVE me some cherry limeade!~Other than that, the service was FAST and oh so FRIENDLY!  Like, are you kidding me friendly! =) Impressive! I will be back.....many more things to try!P.S.They don't take tips but rather donations to a Fire Fighter fund! =)
3	When I arrived at this location it was packed during lunch, at first I was a little annoyed because the menu was so hard to read as it was placed so far from the counter where you were supposed to place your order. But after finally reading the selections I saw they had a general selection of ham, turkey, roast beef, pepperoni, and meatball sandwiches; including veggie sandwiches as well. I had the Firehouse Hero, it was a delicious combo of turkey, ham, and roast beef. The best part is the honey mustard sauce. Not to mention the wide selection of hot sauces available to add to your sandwich. What I liked most was that they delivered your meal right to your table(if you're eating in). And the to-go service seemed quick and easy. These sandwiches are a tad bit better than Subway sandwiches but not as good as Capriottis or Jersey Mikes.
5	I am in love with this place for one reason and one reason only:  THEY HAVE ONE OF THE MOST COMPREHENSIVE SELECTIONS OF HOT SAUCES I HAVE EVER SEEN ANYWHERE.  I am kinda a chilli head at times and love to search out food that is stupid spicy.  I have found that Las Vegas in general lacks trully spicy food, however Firehouse Subs has changed that.  They have a pethora of various hot sauces and not sauces like tabasco or Tapatio.  I am talking caspician oil based sauces that like up your mouth like a douglas fir on christmas day.  This is the only reason I gave this place 4 stars.  A man's man's selection of hot sauces.   The sandwiches are just good enough to not take away from the not sauce selection.  If you love hot food go here!
5	Woah Momma! I don't even know where to start. I was cruisin' around the neighborhood looking for a new lunch spot and as I drove past Create Burgers I spied a new sub shop. Now I love me a good sammich, so I had to give this place a try. Walking in I was slightly overwhelmed by the over-the-top firefighting decor: An enormous painting of a firetruck in old-time Vegas covered a complete wall, and staff were dressed it blue and red shirts that look like they were borrowed from the local fire house. "Keep Back 200 Feet" emblazoned on the back of a few... which made me laugh.The menu was fairly simple - about a dozen subs named for firefighters or equipment. Choice of white or wheat bread and a variety of optional hot sauces that span most of the counter and fill a curio cabinet in the seating area. The first sub I tried was excellent. Bread was warm, but not toasted, so it had a fresh from the oven texture. Pair that with a heap of meat big enough to satisfy even the manliest of sandwich eaters and fresh produce and you've got one great sub. So great, in fact, that I've been back 3 times this week.
5	They have awesome subs!  I prefer them over Subway or Quiznos.  I enjoy either  the steak & cheese or smokehouse beef & cheddar brisket.  Those are my top two subs.
3	Had dinner here a couple days ago. It was OK, but maybe a little soggy. Two sandwich meal deals was almost $18. Feels a little pricey to me. Overall not bad, but I probably won't be a regular.
4	Firehouse subs are delicious.  Even thinking about them makes me want to go back for more.  Staff always offers a friendly greeting.  I keep wanting to try new things on their menu, but the Engineer is just too great to pass up.
4	I normally don't review chain restaurants, but I had to give props to Firehouse Subs.  I've only tried the hot subs and they are delicious. Perfect portions.  Its pricier than Subway and Quiznos, but definitely tastes better too.  It is very clean restaurant and the staff is over the top friendly. It is also very kid friendly- and the kid combos come with a plastic red fireman hat.
5	I LOVE Firehouse! I grew up with them and always missed them. Until, they opened up here in Vegas. They make the BEST Meatball Sub in town. Great prices and delicious food!
4	Firstly, customer service was most definitely a 5-star rating!WHERE: Tenaya & Lake Mead, right next to Rubio's!WHY: To get your sandwich fix on =DWHAT: As you park and walk to the entrance, it really looks like a firehouse!! (Or, I actually didn't know if half of the building was actually under construction, HAHA). There were also about 10 or more specialty sandwiches, with a million different types of hot sauces! I really thought that was creative!! You are allowed to get up and choose one, either out of curiosity or to ADD A LITTLE FLARE to your sandwich!I had the Firehouse meatball sub because I absolutely love different meats and meatballs in my subs!! I also asked to add lettuce and tomato on top, which made it a little more sub-like! I was surely pleased with my sandwich and ate it all there! =DThey also had a signature fountain drink!! It was the firehouse cherry limeade, and of course I had to try it out!! It was a little on the sweet side, but it was okay.SERVICE:  There was one worker named Melanie, who gave absolutely great service!! If you're ever there, give her a shout out for me! She was really helpful with helping me pick out the right sandwich for me, and brought our sandwiches over to our table. She also said, "when you come back and eat inside, they should always bring the sandwiches over to you, otherwise don't be scared to let them know!" YOU GO GIRL! Haha, so kudos x10 to her!!*NOTE: The combo, which included a large drink, sub, and chips of your choice was just under 10 bucks!!
3	Stopped here cuz I was in the neighborhood and was curious.  I guess firemen eat a lot of sandwiches, what with hungry, burley men spending a lot of time in firehouses and cooking for one another.  They should be experts, what with burley, hungry mens' affinity for sandwiches.That was my theory at least.  These sandwiches were not hearty, just weird.  They steam their meats seperately and to order which made for a soggy sandwich.More of a 2 star joint, but I like firemen so I'll bump 'em up to 3.
5	Has the most awesome subs, love love love Firehouse, soon my family and I will b in walking distance oh ya........also I got my Sis craving the subs, she goes to the one near her!
1	Bad customer sevice compounded by  a manager with zero peaple skillsAKA: Melanie.......Won't Be back...........!
5	I love this sub shop!!I LOVE SUBS! But here in Vegas I had yet to find a balance of cheap and yummy subs. Here they are both! As you first walk in they greet you and ask if you need any help. The workers here are very nice and answer all your questions.They have a shit ton of different subs and a huge selection of sauces. I tend to stick to turkey and bacon esque type subs and here I got the club on a club. The only thing I didnt like was the mustard, it seemed too sweet to me. I also get my sub cold and not warmed, Im not a fan of hot meat (not that kind anyway ;)  haha) My son always gets just a plain ham sandwich and chips. The thing I really love about here is the cherry limeaids! I always get these instead of a soda, sooo yummy!! I put like 5 limes and some sprite to make it like sonics : )Come here for awesome customer service and delectable subs and irresistible cherry limeaids!
5	Super friendly staff! We walked in looked at the menu and were unsure of what to order. The cashier came up to us and explained how everything is made. We got the number 1 and the number 9. Both were really good!! Each sub was only about $6.00. I gave this place a 5 because there was no downside. Friendly staff, great food, and great price!!!
2	I went in with high hopes, but you get better taste and more ingredients in a $5 Footlong.  Being that there is a superb sub place in the same square, they better beef up their game!
2	They talk highly about their subs. To pricy for one.Very little meat. Subway still ranks #1 still and thats  sad. no healthy subs either. I also didn't like how the manger was done grating other employees. Very rude to their own employees.
5	This is so far my favorite sandwich place. So delicious. Sandwich had a lot of meat on it.
1	Let's see... I usually really enjoy the Firehouse shop, food, service, etc... And rarely write reviews unless it's absolutely the best experience or in this case the worst.  1. Let's enforce the "employees must was hands" but not have soap or paper towels, splendid. 2. Let's not listen to my order and get it wrong then roll your eyes at me and talk crap about me while making the second, only to forget to make it all together, helping 5 other customers that weren't even in the place before me. 3. Let's give me a soda cup for their awesome new soda machine but only allows you to choose between, diet, diet, annnnnnnnd you guessed it, diet.  4.  Where should we sit?  The tables covered in crumbs or the tables covered in crumbs... Guess we'll take crumbs.  Overall experience was terrible and has been the last two times I have been here, every place deserves another chance but you failed miserably.
3	If I compare my experience here to other fast food restaurants, it does fairly well, but as soon as I compare the Italian sub I had here with the one I usually get at Capriotti's it can't hold its own.I brought my nephews for lunch and everyone seemed to enjoy their meal.  The service was friendly and quick.  The soda machine was a huge hit with the kids, they loved putting some odd flavors together.  For me, I am not much of a soda drinker, but I do like cherry-limeade and here was quite disappointed.  The syrupy-sweet beverage was a brilliant shade of red, but didn't have much flavor besides "sweet".  I added 6 lime wedges to balance the sugar, but the improvement was marginal.My sandwich was fairly good and the roll was soft, but the filling was a little bland.If I was on the road and in a hurry for something to eat, this would certainly appeal to me before hitting a McDonald's, but for an extra dollar or two I would enjoy the superior quality of meat and cheese that are offered at Capriotti's.
2	Not a big fan of the subs here. They really lack flavor. Capriott's has much better tasting subs. However, there are some positives. My daughter loves the Coke machine. It is a hit with kids and I think many adults as well. The chance to try different flavors is unique and fun. The restaurant is always clean and the service is good. i like the fact that they have opportunities to support local fire departments.At this location the new manager Ryan here gave us excellent customer service. My company uses this site for catering business lunches and he goes above and beyond to make sure our order is correct and that we are happy.
3	I have been to Firehouse Subs once and I would love to go back again.  I want so desparately to like them.  And the truth is, the one time I went, I  was digging my sandwich.  It was a very good sandwich.  I'm not sure what I was tasting (mayo, mustard or dressing), but I picked up on the slightest bit of horse raddish.  It was a welcome addition to a basically standard sandwich.  I got the combo with a drink and a bag of chips.  It seemed pricey for a sandwich shop but I still enjoyed it.  And I liked the theme with all the fire gear and named sandwiches.  I suppose what is preventing me from going back is the price.  I drive by and am so tempted to stop but then I decide on something faster and cheaper.  I usually end up at Taco Bell.  I did go back in a few weeks ago.  Then I walked right back out.  There was a crowd gathered at the counter with no defined line for ordering or for pick up.  I don't stand in clusters.  The lack of orgnaization turned me off and I went to the Rubios around the corner.  I'll go back again sometime.  Eventually.  For now, there are other sandwich shops that are more organized and have good sandwiches of their own.
3	The Good:+ Their subs are tasty, and although their whole "steaming the meats and cheese" thing seems a bit gimmicky, it works for them. It definitely makes the bread better by softening it a little when the meat is in there.+ They don't skimp on the meat in the sub, unlike some other sub chains.+ They have about 20+ different hot sauces, rated on a scale of 1 - 10 on heat. I'm a fan of the Scorned Woman Chipotle & Garlic Pepper Sauce (Heat 7) and Dave's Hurtin' Habanero Sauce (Heat 8). Both have flavor and a little bit of kick.+ They have a dial-a-drink soda dispenser, so feel free to make your own custom beverage from what's there. My favorite is a mix of Cherry Coke Zero and Lime Coke Zero.+ The pickle spear is a nice touch. Not enough sub places give you pickles with the sandwich.The Bad:- Wait times. Average wait times to get my order (1 sandwich) has been 10 - 15 minutes. At the lunch rush, that can go to 20 - 25 minutes. At best, it's taken about 5 minutes to get an order. While decent for a sit-down place, their average is a bit slow for a fast food place.- The meat steaming diminishes the flavor profile a little bit, like some of the flavor leaches out or blends together with the cheese and bread. I'd say it raises the flavor to above-average, but prevents it from going higher than that, if that makes sense.My Firehouse Sub Picks:+ NY Steamer: pastrami, corned beef, provolone.+ Smokehouse Beef and Cheddar Brisket: beef, cheddar, BBQ sauce.Verdict:Decent subs - better than some, but not fantastic. It gets points for the sauce selection and dial-a-drink machine. Jersey Mike's makes a better cheesesteak, Jimmy Johns is much faster, and Capriotti's has bigger flavor. I'd take Firehouse over Subway any day of the week, though, and when I'm in the mood for their NY Steamer or Smokehouse Beef and Cheddar.
5	unless this place is closed, we will never go to another sandwich place again!!  I had the kids meal cuz my kid eats a grown up meal and it was amazing and just the right size!!
5	Haven't had a bad sandwich yet!!! Best sandwich shop in town.
5	LOVE THIS PLACEGo try it for yourself, you cant go wrong with ANY of the sandwiches and they have a cool soda dispenser there, you can add flavors to your soda, its a bit confusing at first but you have to be smarter than the machine.
2	Two stars. That's it. One for the service. The other is for the pop machine( yes pop, not soda!). Everyone was helpful and friendly. The pop machine was a touch-screen and had many flavor variations for each choice. My wife and I split an Italian and a Cheesesteak. When subs are hot, they need to be baked, not steamed. Steamed=soggy. Overall the steak was just blah. Not much flavor. Better cheesesteaks back home at Sheetz( gas station that makes decent food). The Italian had honey ham on it, which is good, just not on an Italian. It gave it a sweet flavor that it should just not have had. Probably won't go back there because the food just wasn't that good. There are some sub places I haven't tried yet, and some I have, that I would go to before I try Firehouse again.
5	Great Work on those sandwiches!! This place is full of nice employeed and they serve the best sandwiches! I recently moved from Chicago, the land of Jimmy Johns and Subway and was so impressed by this unknown!  My two boys grabbed the biggest subs they served thinking they would be able to eat them all and more and instead ended up with a second meal.  The variety is great and the decor kept my boys entertained through out the whole meal.  This is a return restaurant for sure.
4	Our sub was good. Arrived quickly, staff was friendly. The owner was mopping, chatting with customers, very friendly. Would definitely go back.
4	I'm not usually a fan of hot or toasted subs, but this place definitely changed my mind. The manager is not just on -location, but he's really setting the pace and mood of this establishment. He's there greeting you at the door, explaining how the menu works and helping you to decide on the meal that will ultimately satisfy you. The portions are HUGE and they have one of those new coke machines that allows you to create a beautifully flavored carbonated experience. The best part of the sub is the bread - it's the most important part, and they've conquered it with delightfully fresh loaves that will soothe your inner carb-loading soul. :) We'll definitely be back!
5	Meatball subs! The wife liked the Smokehouse Beef & Cheddar Brisket (hold the barbecue sauce)!
2	Overpriced. Nothing special.
3	Service wasn't that great and took a while to get sandwich.  That being said the sub was pretty good.  I would return, hopefully service will improve.
3	Welcome change to the local sub scene. . Check out the custom murals. Each location has one that is site specific. .Future Favorite for Las Vegas Flavor.
4	My favorite sandwich place. I love the hot sauce on display for the customers taking, the sub is always fresh and delicious, I get the Italian. Only had one questionable experience where people ordered after me seemed to be getting their food before I did. I think they forgot my order! Other than that it's great! I suggest it for a lunch break.
5	I ate here about two years ago and I ordered the meatball sub.  I was not impressed.  I vowed never to return again.  Three months ago, a friend of mine offered to take me to lunch.  She insisted that we go to Firehouse.  I tried to persuade her to pick a different restaurant, but she insisted that Firehouse was the best.  I ordered the engineer, and I was shocked at how good the sandwich was.  Two days later I went back and ordered the brisket and cheddar sandwich, also an amazing sandwich.  I have eaten there twice a week for the last three months.  I have not had a bad sandwich, in fact they are amazing.  I have not eaten the meatball sub again, but I am convinced I need to try it again.  It is definitely the best sub place in Vegas.
5	Great subs! The large ones are VERY filling and the meat is noticeably better than those at other sub joints.The decor/style is top-notch. The place was clean, very modern and new 'Freestyle' Coke soda machine was fun to play with.I grabbed The 'Engineer' sub and my friend chose the 'Club on a Sub.' We both enjoyed our meal and left full. Neither of us tried their range of hot sauces, something we'll have to do next time.On a final note, the staff and management were very friendly and attentive. I highly recommend this location!
4	awesome food great sauce and good service, I just wish they delivered lol
3	I got there during the height of the lunch rush and the place was a zoo.  The staff handled it well and pushed out sandwiches as fast as possible.  It still took about 20 minutes to be served.  I had the honey ham sandwich and it was well prepared.  It was interesting watching people trying to figure out the high tech soda machine.
5	Finally had Firehouse a few weeks ago... delicious cannot wait to go back and get another sub.
5	I love Firehouse.  Been eating the Hook & Ladder every week.  Amazing.  Best sandwich in town!!!!
5	What a great place for lunch! I was in the area and decided to try it out for the first time the other day. It was busy, so they must be doing something right! For as busy as it was, my wait time wasn't long at all. My sub was deliciously toasted. I had the Turkey Bacon Ranch. Tasty! The staff was super friendly and professional. This restaurant is very clean and well taken care of. I will definitely return every time I am in the area!
4	One of the best sandwich shops I have ever visited... And I have visited a lot! This place makes most Subway Restaurants look very amateurish and disappointing. The sandwiches are exceptional, quality as good as it gets, and the level of service is beyond what a business like this should be expected to deliver... I highly recommend Firehouse Subs... Once you try this place, you will go back.
5	Best subs hands down. I like to keep it simple with their hook and ladder. The quality is on point and the service is great. You really should think about checking this place out.
5	I love this place....  People always friendly.   Great food for a great price.  Always clean too.  If you love sweet ice tea they have the best.   I go at least once a week
4	I love this place. One of the best sandwich shops that I have ever been too... Yummy
4	Firehouse is comfort food in that you know what to expect going in.  Its the same, yet different.  They are all nice, clean decor, friendly staff and fast service.  I like its not like the others where you walk a line and have to deal with the "I don't know what I want" person in front of you.  Once ordered, it's made and delivered to your table.I like the wall painting in each one depicts the local neighborhood and the fire house that serves that location.  Each sandwich is fresh, hot and filled with the meats and condiments.  Not too much, not too little...  Great variety..Being a fast food junkie, this is a nice diversion and I never had a bad experience.  Everyone is friendly and helpful and they are big on being clean!  ..
5	Delicious and good location. Friendly workers and store is well kept. Definitely worth it.
5	Another excellent meal at Firehouse Subs.  I got my standard Engine Company sub (turkey & roast beef) and the wife got her standard Engineer sub (turkey & mushrooms).  Both were wonderful.  I only wish they had a size about 3/4 of their smallest "Medium" sub:  the medium is just a tad too big and splitting one medium between the two of us (which involves a compromise since we want different things) isn't quite enough.  Oh, well.  Love the food.
5	My husband and I came here on his lunch break, and was greeted right away, the Manager walked up and I asked what I was thinking about  getting and I told him that I ALWAYS get the smokehouse sub but wanted to try something different! He suggested a sub and I told him I'll just stick to the same sub so he offered to split his sub w me just so I can try it.... Wow!!! Now that's how u keep a customer coming back!!  Not to mention everyone is super nice always happy and if u enjoy trying different hot sauces they have over 25 different sauces!!!!
4	Fire house sub is great! very close to the house and delicious subs! if you are looking for something similar to subway with a wider variety of flavor profiles I would recommend trying Fire house! its great! their take on the philly is amazing and the huge assortment of hot sauces provide great tastes for any sandwich selection!
5	This is our favorite sub shop! Everything is made to order, fresh, and the employees there are always friendly. If you like BBQ brisket I recommend the Smokehouse brisket. It's my favorite! My husband always goes for the New York steamer- fully involved. Kids love the meatball sub, it's a pretty good size and it's very good, plus they get a fireman hat, which the kids love! If you're over the age of 10 and want a hat too, just ask!! The place is clean, awesome soda machine, and decorated nicely to go with the "Firehouse" theme. Normally it only takes about 5-6 minutes to get your food, but if it's really busy and it takes a little longer just be patient.. It's worth the wait! Can't wait until they open the new location on Decatur closer to our house.
3	First off, I love their sandwiches. I always get the Turkey, ranch and bacon. But, I cannot stand the new Coke machine all these places are getting. Every drink comes out tasting like it has lime juice in it. What's up with that? Even if I let it run for a few seconds it is nasty. I cannot eat there because of this reason. Too bad because the sandwiches and staff rock! I guess it's take out or nothing.
4	I have never been to Firehouse Subs before but I would definitely come back! I got the vegetarian combo with a DELICIOUS cherry, vanilla Dr. Pepper and some jalapeno Vicki's chips. I love that they have the soda machine with over 100 options... Once I got my sandwich, I was even more excited to try any and all of their hot sauces that they have available. My boyfriend and I tried about 10 different options, some spicy and some sweet. Definitely have to say that the Georgia Peach/Vidalia Onion sauce is amazing and so was the Devil's sauce... I don't remember the exact name but it was "Devil's ____" and it had habanero in it. Such flavor. Much spice. Wow.I almost forgot to mention!!!They had a lemon cookie, I think with white chocolate chips in it. So worth it for people that love lemon.Overall, the cherry, vanilla Dr. Pepper, lemon cookie, and just awesome sandwich made the trip pretty awesome!
4	Walked in and was greeted by a great aroma. I had the steak and cheese with extra cheese and mushrooms. Don't know why it took me so long to try this place. It really hit the spot. Don't hesitate if you're looking for a tasty sub.
1	My friend told me that firehouse subs gives out free birthday subs, so I should give it a try. I decided to go in with my friend on my birthday after work, but the employees decided to close the store 10 minutes early. That seems like enough time for them to make two sandwiches before they close, but apparently not.I won't be going back as a paying customer and won't recommend it to anyone else.
5	I initially went into firehouse subs to a questionable experience, but I was quickly contacted by the store owner Ryan who wasted no time remedying that.My friend and I both got the smokehouse beef and cheddar brisket and it was amazing. I'm a fan of barbecue food and you can really tell when a business buys quality meat and cheese. I couldn't say anything better about my experience. I know I'm not going to subway or quiznos ever again after trying a real sub.
4	No cold sandwiches here. Every sub on the menu is served hot, or so I thought. You can get any sub the good old fashioned way, just order it ALL COLD.  For those counting calories, there are some "under 500 calorie" selections, including sandwiches and salads. I opted for the Firehouse Hero (I am quite certain it was a little over 500). It was the perfect combination of roast beef, turkey breast and ham, with melted provolone cheese for good measure. Outstanding, filling and full of flavor. I got the large and powered my way through. A medium probably would have sufficed, however, as they are pretty generous with the ingredients. If you want everything on your sub, order it "Fully Involved." We ordered at the counter and the food was brought to the table. They offer sweet and unsweetened tea, plus have one of those cool fountain Coke machines with 120 different varieties.  Now that I have experienced the Firehouse, I can't wait to do it again.
4	Normally not a fan of subs but this place is pretty good ive had the engineer with sea salt chips and a cherry coke on two desperate occasions and was def happy  with my meal  the variety of hot sauces u can add to your sub is pretty cool.will be back to try the rest of the subs
4	Not too bad.Ordered 2 huge subs:  The Italian (Cold) and a plain Tuna on wheat bread for the wifey.Tasted good, not a bad price; I'll go here over Subway any day.
5	One of the best sandwich shops in town! The Smokehouse Cheddar beef brisket sub is the best, hands down!
3	Went here for the first time for dinner. My husband and I walked in the restaurant and, even thought the restaurant was empty with 3 employees behind the counter, no one greeted us. Since this was our first visit we looked over the menu. None of the employees offered any help or asked if we had any questions. After standing at the counter for about 5 minutes finally one of the employees said they could take our order. We ordered our food to go. The sandwiches were very good but the customer service could use a little help. Since we did like the food we will give this place another chance.
1	Gross. Never been here and I told the girl at the counter that. My Dad & I ordered a turkey, roast beef & provolone with everything (lettuce, tom, mayo, etc). She didn't bother to ask me if that was hot or cold. So we get our food, get to the drive in, settle in and go to grub...it was a Hot Disgusting Mess. Really? Who on earth would serve someone a hot sub without asking? It is obviously not something that is done normally at any other sub shop so your best bet is to ask a new customer whether they would like it hot or cold. Am I right?? I was absolutely disgusted by the sloppy and soggy mess. I could have thrown up.
1	Thought I would try again but once again my sandwich was wrong. Will never come again
1	I sat where I had view of the work line behind the counter and there was one-inch of food and trash covering the floor where the young girls were making sandwiches.  After each sandwich the food on the counter was swiped onto the floor.  The workers were walking carefully over the food trying not to slip.  Eventually a food container ended up on the floor that had a full sauce bottle in it.  Then, the worker grabbed a wet rag and wrung it out on the floor in the middle of the work line leaving a huge water puddle for someone to walk through.  The workers didn't even seem to care that they were walking on food the entire time and exhibited a super filthy workplace to anyone that can see behind the counter.  Simple Solution: GET A TRASHCAN and properly TRAIN your employees to be sanitary and clean when they work.  I cant say I will eat there again when there are so many clean and tasty places to eat in Vegas/Summerlin.  Cheers!
5	Love this place. I often order large catering orderw for work. They are always very accommodating. The subs are truly delicious. Must try the subs here. If you dont you are missing out.
4	Love this place, my favorite place to eat a sandwich when I need bread. Lol. I  suggest it to anyone who loves hot yummy sandwiches.
3	must have changed the sauce on the meatball sub. Did not taste the same.  The service was good.  I was surprised with the price.  Not good enough for that price.Maybe I will try again in a few weeks.  cj
4	I love firehouse, the sandwiches are pretty tasty. They have about 14 signature sandwiches that you can pick from plus a large selection of hot sauces! One of my favorite things is the coca cola freestyle machine which complements my sandwiches even more. Once in a while we do see that some of their ingredients are not the best (yellow tomatoes!!!), but overall, a good quick and cheap lunch spot. If you have kids do not forget to ask for the fire hat!
5	The steak n cheese and the oh em gee this thing is amazingggg cheddar smokehouse brisket is AWESOME! This place is amazing, we love the energy here and the food! The chocolate chip cookies are delicious!! The sweet tea with cane sugar is fantastic, and the variety of hot sauces is the bomb!!! Oh, I must admit the turkey sub is BLAH, I'm just keeping it real... They need to put a little umph in it! But for real, if you want to make your tastebuds happy, this is the spot!!!
4	Yes, I likey.   If you go on your birthday you get a free sub.  Thats worth another visit as I see it.  Great local grindage.
