5	Food, service, and decor have been excellent every time I have been to Luma.  I have been multiple times and tried menu items from every area of the menu and have yet to find any item that has been less than expected.  Picky friends of ours also said it was one of the best meals they ever had (very high praise from them!).Luma also offers excellent prix fixe menus, wine deals, and other deals on a regular basis - making their prices even more affordable.  Highly recommended!
4	Didn't realize Luma had 22 wines @$22 or  Wine Down Wednesdays 1/2 Off Wines.  Good wine list.  So ordered a bottle and it was really enjoyable.  Really good meal, too!  Decor...kind of cool...back lighting behind wood panels on walls rotate from blue to green to purple...like.   Later in evening the place was full and did get noisy.Started with Baked Brie in puff pastry with apricot with golden delicious apples and red grapes...very good starter.  Had a salad with a creamy danish blue dressing that was so tasty.  Had been told to try the crab cakes, so I did and was not disappointed, crab cakes were very rich and moist with at tangy red onion caper sauce.  Did I mention the crab cakes were great.  Fresh veggies came with the meal that were nice and crisp...perfectly cooked.Shared a NY style cheese cake for desert that came with white chocolate mouse and raspberry sauce...the white chocolate mouse was very nice addition.  Some of the deserts are made in house but was told the cheesecake comes from a baker.Wait staff was very attentive...to much so at times...took my wine glass with one small swig left in it...I usually like to leave it there for a while before finishing and next thing I know it was goooooone.  Waitress was able to describe meals and answer questions about items on the menu.There is a small patio...looks like it might be great place in the spring.
3	The best thing about Luma is Wine Down Wednesdays.  With 22 wines for $22 ($11 on Wednesdays) and a great wine list otherwise, you're sure to get a good bottle of wine at a reasonable price, which is rare in restaurants. I have been to Luma on two occasions now and I really desperately want to love it, but the food is holding me back . Let me get that out of the way.  For appetizers, we had the zucchini roulade, which is really excellent and not as heavy as it would seem considering that you're talking about something that is fried and covered in sauce.  I tried the macaroni and cheese and was unimpressed - there were huge chunks of chicken in it that were not seasoned and didn't add to the dish.  The goat cheese puff sounds amazing on the menu but in real life was also underwhelming - it mostly tasted of the mushrooms that accompanied it.  For a main course, I first tried the tenderloin alfredo.  This is a serious dish for a serious appetite.  Although it combined most of my favorite things - steak, pasta, and alfredo sauce - I could only finish about 1/3.  The flavor was excellent.  On my second visit, I had the duck and apple ravioli.  The waitress assured me that it wasn't overly sweet, but it was.  It wasn't a bad dish, it just wasn't great.  Jenny ordered the veal cutlet, and it was amazing - I'll be getting it the next time. What will bring me back to Luma is the atmosphere.  Last week on a beautiful spring evening, my friends and I relaxed on the spacious patio and had half-priced wine.  Even if the food tends toward the mediocre, it's hard to beat that combination.
3	You know what this place has always left me with something to be desired. I can't truly put my finger on it, but I have tried a wide range of menu items and have never said to myself "WOW!" this is and incredible place. It's good but...is a common phrase out of my mouth here. The last time I was here I ordered a steak in an attempt to allow Luma to redeem itself after my last visit when I ordered a steak. This time the steak was cooked correctly, but there was some sort of off flavor of burnt on the steak. The steak wasn't burnt but it tasted like it had been burnt really weird. MY wife just orders the crab cakes every time and has never really had a complaint. My advice is just go here and try it, great atmosphere and really nice wait staff. Also around Thanksgiving they offer buy one gift certificate and get one of equal value. We have done this for about 2 years now, but we can't see our selves doing this again.
2	The best part of the night was the outdoor seating and the friendly table sitting next to us. We had a groupon to try out Luma and at this point we probably won't go back. It seems that the kitchen might have been having an off night because the other table also had issue with the cooking of the food (sent their dish back twice which we also had to do)What we sampled: Bread (decent bread, nice that it was served warm, the oil didn't taste like anything.  We asked for butter and received some slices off of a stick that tasted like it was left uncovered in the refrigerator so gross). Croque Monsieur appetizer (was just ok.  Very difficult to cut so we had to pick it up and eat it with our hands which caused all of the filling to come off in one bite.  Not easy to eat and plated with the saddest looking mixed greens ever (refer to picture)). White Sangria (decent, a little to sweet, but an ok option)Seafood pasta (probably the best dish of the night (that's not saying much) the salmon was overly charred in spots and tasted like old grill, but the sauce on the pasta was tasty). Muscovy Duck Breast with Butterscotch Gnocci (the worst dish of the night.  Asked for the duck to be cooked per chefs request and got the most unevenly cooked piece of duck, one part was medium rare and the other was clearly well done (you could see the line) and the butterscotch gnocci where too sweet and definitely prepackaged)Overall we didn't spend anything on the meal because they took off the duck from the bill and with the groupon it covered the cost.  We did leave a nice tip for the waitress because this definitely wasn't her fault.
4	The vegetarian entree here was out of this world! If i'm ever back in Pittsburgh I'll make it a point to stop here!
4	Went here for a birthday dinner, the dinning room decor was kind of cool w/ bank neon-esque lighting behind wood panels on walls. It is very small and can get very noisy when it gets busy.The food/service was solid from the beginning to the end, with warm bread and good appetizers from Yellow-Fin Tuna to the Zucchini straws (heavy hand in the kitchen on the breading).Do NOT ask for the table in the back of the dining room as it is rather impulsive/disgusting... what I mean is, you can literally see right into the ladies/women's bathroom because they do not have a separator/divider that stretches long enough to not see into it, so it is kind of weird and creepy.Other than that, a very nice/solid choice to go out for a night outside of Pittsburgh, good food, great bar service and good food/specials.
4	Very tasty food, fine (not amazing) service, cute and trendy atmosphere  Tables are a little close together so servers seem to have a tough time navigating.
5	We tried LUMA in Castle Shannon last night for the first time and were incredibly impressed (and don't let the Google picture of the outside fool you -- it's lovely on the inside, especially the outdoor terrace in back).  We had great service, outstanding and abundant food, and terrific presentation -- from starters to dessert!  Groupon introduced us to Luma -- the excellent food (best filet mignon & roast pork tenderloins we've ever had) will certainly bring us back!       Stephanie R.
4	What a great new find for my family and I.  My grandmother lives right on Washington road, so when we go out to eat, we always venture to the usual Il Pizz or Sesame Inn, but now that we found this place, I think we have a new dinner and lunch stop.The decor and atmosphere of this place is beautiful.  I honestly do not think I have seen a nicer and trendier restaurant recently.  The lighting and the bar is mind blowingly beautiful.  If you are old enough to drink you would love this place and the view from the bar.Now the food hit the spot too.  The french onion soup and the crab bisque were both spot on.  My french onion had Gruyere cheese, which I really thought was a great touch.  Also, my stacked chicken meal was delicious.  There was even a real sized side portion of mouth-watering broccoli.  If you like chicken with mushrooms, this is the place for you.  Hell, if you like good food that is accompanied by a nice atmosphere, this is also the place for you!
2	After seeing the high ratings for this place, I was honestly shocked at my experience. I would not recommend Luma as it is trying to be something it is not.Let's start with the food - the menu looks good, but Luma fails to deliver on quality. While the food certainly wasn't bad, it definitely was not worth the price points given.The roasted cauliflower was hard. My grilled pineapple was cold (when asked they said they grill it and then put it in the fridge...) and my dad's burger looked like something he could have gotten any chain restaurant.  The crab cakes were not extraordinary. The service was meh. Our server was friendly but inattentive and slow. It took what seemed like forever to get butter for our bread basket (the bread was actually  pretty good.Now my 'favorite' part of Luma was the decor.  It was trying to be trendy but the serve ware and the tables contrast greatly with the colored 'ambient' lights that changed colors throughout the restaurant from purple to blue to green.
5	OMG! This place is divine! Darren's mom had a groupon for us, and I'm glad we came to Luma to redeem it. I had this salmon with a jelly glaze on it that was so moist and sweet. I also loved the brie and the chocolate saucy, which is a dessert similar to a brownie and a souffle. Very good! The service was great as well and the insides are pretty. Just make a reservation.
3	Luma sits off the cobble stone road on Castle Shannon Blvd.  I was coming from Washington Road and BOOM there it was once I hobbled my car over the bumpy stone road.  The parking lot was packed so I had to find parking on the street which wasn't too hard.It was a Wednesday night and this place was jumping.  We didn't have reservations but luckily we found seats at the bar which was crowded as well.  My friend had a Groupon which is why we came here.  It was also 1/2 priced wine Wednesdays...but we'll get to that in a minute...you'll want to stick around as this the primary reason I gave them 3 stars.Lets start with the food.  My friend and I shared the calamari, which was very good although the portion seemed a bit small for the price.  I had the crab bisque followed by the vegetable stack entree.  The crab bisque was great, everything a crab bisque should be...creamy and flavorful, with discernible pieces of crab!  It's a bit heavy in that I was full from the calamari and bisque before my entree arrived.  As far as vegetarian dishes go, I would rate this as delectable and fresh!  From the few bites I took of the grilled portabella stuffed with kous kous and spinach accompanied by cauliflower, I could tell that a new standard had been set for my vegetarian moods!  The standout vegetable was definitely the portabella - it has a smokiness from being grilled but still firm and flavorful.  If you don't like mushrooms then stay away from this dish.  Since I was stuffed, I took most of the entree home to enjoy for lunch the next day.  Now on to the reason why I only gave them 3 stars.  So as I mentioned we had a Groupon and it was also "wine Wednesdays" where their wine (glass or bottle) is half priced.  But here's the kicker, you can't use these discounts in combination.  The Groupon already states that it's no good towards alcohol so what's the problem?!?!  Why can't we take advantage of the 1/2 priced wine (since we came on a Wednesday) and use the Groupon...and I get it, from a business perspective you want to make the $ from at least the alcohol if you're discounting the food but it's not very "customer friendly".  We even asked if we could put the wine on a separate receipt from our food - the answer, "no".  It's just something they can't do...more like won't do.  You have to choose if you'd like to use the Groupon discount or use the 1/2 priced wine discount.  This irked me because without the Groupon we wouldn't even be coming to Luma...are they taking this in to consideration?  I think they should re-think this strategy.  But as I mentioned, the food was very good so if you don't have Groupon issues then check it out.
4	Uh.mazing. I've eaten at almost every "top" restaurant in Pittsburgh, including most of the ones from Pittsburgh Magazine's "Top 25 Restaurants" list for 2012. The only reason I gave it 4 was because service was a little slow. Other than that, the food was amazingly good (and well worth the wait) and fresh. I had the chicken dish with portobello mushrooms in a sherry wine sauce, lemon asparagus, and mashed red potatoes. The chicken was very tender, juicy, and flavorful. The potatoes were incredibly fresh and creamy with the skin on too. The asparagus was good, but not wow (how 'wow' can asparagus be?). My husband had a meat dish - I think he ordered the tenderloin - and he said it was amazing. I tried it as we'll and it was delicious. He ordered it medium and it was cooked exactly as he had asked. Juicy, flavorful. No complaints. It was also served with fettuccine Alfredo. I honestly would order his dish just for the fettuccine alone. So. Freakin'. Good. They have a great wine selection including a list of 25 wines for $25. The total bill came to $85.00 (excluding tip) and was worth every penny. I recently went to Eleven in the Strip District and paid almost $200 (excluding tip) and thought it paled in comparison to Luma. If there were half stars I would have given it 4.5. Go. Now. Don't. Wait!
5	Went here using a Groupon (which is how I discover a lot of new places!). We came in at lunch and were seated on a gorgeous back patio. Service was amazing, and good was also! I had the signature crabcake sandwich and was floored! I love crabcakes, this one was to die for! I actually am craving one now talking about it! I definitely 100% will be back here! Especially for Wine Down Wednesdays!
4	I frequent this place. Frequently. Enough said :) well... One more thing- shout out to sticky toffee dessert. Please don't ever go away sticky toffee!
4	I've been going to Luma since it opened.  The service is friendly, the food is unique and I love the decor.  The only reason I gave it four stars is because sometimes it is a bit pricey given the portion size and  also the service can be a bit inconsistent.  I especially love the outside seating. Since we have such a short season,  I appreciate the heaters to extend it as much as we can.  They even lent us a blanket one night when it got colder than expected!
4	Luma is a wonderful, small, modern restaurant tucked away in Mt. Lebo. I have been to Luma numerous times and have always thoroughly enjoyed myself. What sets Luma apart from other restaurants is not only the beautiful decor with up lighting on the walls that changes colors but also the delicious food. Most recently hubs and I joined BIL and soon to be SIL for dinner on a Friday night during lent. We had reservations but surprisingly, the restaurant was only about half full. Every other time I have been to Luma it has been packed and we had to wait for half an hour. We started the meal with a bottle of pinot noir from the 25 for $25 wine menu. So many great choices for such a reasonable price. (FYI wine is 1/2 off on Wednesdays) In addition to the menu, which changes frequently, there were several seafood specials for Lent. I decided on the Spicy Shrimp Pasta entree and the zucchini fries as an app. The zucchini was crispy and delicious. My entree was was equally delicious with large shrimp, al dente pasta and tasty asparagus. My dining companions enjoyed their meals as well especially the seared Ahi Tuna salad. Service was professional and attentive. The perfect blend of getting you what you need while giving you space to enjoy your dining experience. In conclusion, Luma is a great place to go for a romantic night or a special occasion. Sign up for their emails and get frequent coupons for free wine or BOGO entrees. Also, Luma has a black Friday sale and gift cards are half off.
3	Meh. I like wine down Weds. Service not great. Food average.
1	Surly staff who, if you can find them, give you attitude.  Manager isn't helpful at all either.  This would be redeemable if the food was outstanding, but it isn't.  Folks go because of the groupons.  There are better places to go in Lebo, don't waste your time or your $$$.
5	Love this place.  Have always had great seafood and good service, and I have gone a lot!  And cant go wrong with "Wine down Wednesdays" (Half off wine and champagne bottles on Wednesdays)!  Totally recommend
5	In a word, yum! I love Luma and everything it makes dearly, and it saddens me that I can't eat here more often; if I did, both my waist and my wallet would hate me. I've had the pleasure of trying and absolutely loving several of Luma's cocktails, its crabcakes, it crab-stuffed salmon, and it's Ahi tuna dish. I have never been disappointed. The seasoning and sauces that Luma uses completes its dishes of perfection. I even liked their scallops when I got to sample those, and I am not a scallop-loving person; something about the way Luma's cooks designed the dish elevates it to a level where even I like it.I'm not sure why people are saying service is bad here, but I suppose off days happen. As for me, I've never experienced a grumpy face; the waiters and waitresses have always been extremely attentive and really helpful when picking a dinner item or a wine.Before I wrap up I have to ask, does anyone know what the dessert menu here is like? I've never had any room after my meal to have any and I'm really curious about whether or not I need to come here to just enjoy dessert one of these days.5 stars!
3	We're venturing into unknown territory here. The South Hills.This is off the beaten path, so you'd expect it to be a bit "neighborhood-y." Like an old house converted into a restaurant. But even though it may have been an old house, it is ultra modern inside. Then when you walk out back and it's a beautiful deck with a great setting in the back of the woods. Expectations were then set high for such a pretty place. We hit a couple snafu's as a water glass was pretty dirty, then a wine glass came with floating specks of something inside. I think it might be time for a new dishwasher. But, we could shake that off with a great appetizer!We ordered the baked brie, as it had been talked up in previous reviews. I'm no brie expert, but it just didn't have that bite it usually does. The outer crust was light and flaky, but the brie itself just didn't taste like it should. I wouldn't order it again.. womp, womp.I ordered the seafood pasta in a tomato cream sauce. This dish was definitely the best, but still missing some flavor I thought it would have. Don't get me wrong, it was good, but not great. I thought the large scallop was delicious, I just wish there was one more! There were two pieces of shrimp and mussels and a handful of crab, so it wasn't a total bust. With Bistro 19 and Il Pizzaollo up the street, I don't think I'd be running here again anytime soon. Well, maybe for the half off wine on Wednesdays. That's speaking my language! Plus, how you gonna mess up that?!
3	Food is good not great. Every time I have been here the service is always good but the food is advantage. When there is so many good places to eat in Mount Lebanon right around the corner you forget about this place.
5	Just had my sister's bridal shower here and I can't say enough good things about this place.  The food was great, the ambiance was wonderful and most importantly the staff was delightful.  They really took care of us and went out of their way to make sure the shower was perfect.Definitely would recommend it!
5	I've been going here for years, finally taking the time to write. I have never had a food item I have disliked. Most things I have ordered more than once. They have a seasonal menu, so be prepared for items to disappear but feel good knowing they are replaced with new exciting ideas. The ambiance can be considered romantic and upscale, white linens, collared wine bottles. There is a patio that is open in the warmer months and closed off/heated in the cool weather. Diners can't go wrong with the Stacked Chicken, Tenderloin Alfredo and English Toffee pudding for dessert. Wednesdays is half off wine by the glass or bottle. Rotating features I have enjoyed: duck apple ravioli, mahi mahi amandine, flank steak with chimichurri sauce, cajun salmon, muscovy duck breast, all too good! Owner Greg Ackerman always has a hands on presence and the staff is wonderful with suggestions. I recommend Taylor as your server :)
5	Eclectic menu with excellent service. I ordered cod with sprinkling of shrimp, crab on a bed of spinach. Delicious ! My wife ordered duck breast which I often avoid unless I trust the chef; many cooks overcook duck so it's dry - not the case with Luma. Moist and juicy. Dessert was a fruit creamcake - light and heavenly.  Waitress was attentive.  One annoying flaw:  the she-crab bisque while flavorful was lukewarm.The cod was skillfully-prepared was also lukewarm.  The food stood on the counter too long before serving.  With wine, the cost without tip was $80 - a bit pricey, but I will return. The only restaurant that compares to Luma in the South Hills is Bistro 19.
3	Had the blackened cajun catfish with asian vineger slaw.  The catfish barely tasted of cajun and the slaw was too light on vineger.  The fish was not particurly hot when served, probably because of the size of our party.  Others in our party had very good meals.  The cappiccino was more like coffee and serving size was quite small.  Still a good place to eat.
4	Love the food, love the atmosphere. Not as good as Bistro 19, but good
4	I was here for lunch.  To start: Brittany was my server and she made my dining experience quite enjoyable.  If I were rating Luma based solely on her service, she would receive all of the stars.   Brittany is very professional and very sweet.  I started with the Moroccan/Couscous soup.  It was flavorful.  I enjoyed it.  I wasnt overwhelmed, however I would certainly have it again.  The Grilled Romaine BLT was good after I had let it sit for a while.  I'm not a fan of salads that are ice cold(as if they were pre-made and placed in the refrigerator.) All the ingredients were a bit too chilled for my liking.  The salad turned out to be good.  I also had the Portobello Caprese Sandwich.  It was good.  Overall, I had an enjoyable experience.  Prices are a bit high for lunch, but other than that, all is good.  I would not consider Luma to be one of my favorite places, but I'll certainly be back for dinner.
