3	Elfalafel offers what you might expect. Falafel. Amongst other things.Elfalafel is actually technically  a falafel and "mixed grill" eatery. They offer a variety plays falafel, wraps and kebabs. It also offers an "open salad bar" where you can pick and choose what salads and filling you want with your pitta bread of wrap. This provides well for vegetarians!Situated near George Sq. expect a lot of students, especially late at night on the weekend! This central location certainly gives Elfalafel an advantage, and if you're in the area and don't know where else to eat, or just fancy a light bite, it might just be worth checking out.There is room for about twenty seated, and there's usually plenty of space. Most choose to take away.It does feel a little bit like Elfalafel sees itself as a high class falafel specialist, and I'll admit their fresh food is of a great standard, but at the time the place still feels like another takeaway. Perhaps there is an identity crisis. Perhaps this will change.
4	The clue is in the title, its main dish is falafel and it does it very well!You can also get pizza but I wouldn't bother they don't look or taste nearly as good as the falafel.They have a massive selection of salad to go with the falafel and my friend is always pleased at how much houmous they let you have (he's easily pleased!) The interior is geared towards takeaway with a big counter from which to order but there are seats too.The staff are really friendly and as with a lot of takeaways have to deal with fairly inebriated and slightly confused or rowdy customers but they are always patient, friendly and polite.
3	Despite being allergic to falafel, an immediate disadvantage, El Falafel is still pretty good for your takeaway needs. It has a few different kebabs on offer as well as some tasty pizzas. The only problem for me though is that their speciality is falafel, which causes some problems.It is a standard takeaway and well located, next to Bristo Square so if your about that way it does the job. The problem is that I'm allergic to its main dish, so it's not really for me.
