5	My favorite place to have coffee, great sandwich or salad! The menu is huge, food is fresh and made to order. It's always clean and the service is great..the owner is always super friendly with a smile on her face!
4	Wonderful food - I've never had a bad thing here. Their cinnamon rolls are the best I've ever had (although sadly they sell out fairly early on Saturday mornings - which is not good for late risers like me). Service is always good. It has a cozy, small town service kind of feel that I enjoy although when they're busy it can get pretty loud. Only negative thing: I wish they were open all day - there are times my husband and I want their food AFTER 2:00 PM.
2	I'm not your average person that just accepts food that is edible. Olde Town Coffee House did not have very good breakfast. The biscuits and gravy were lukewarm, probably frozen. There was a *very small* selection of coffee, which I didn't expect considering the name of the place. I probably won't give breakfast another chance here.
5	Olde Town is the best breakfast and lunch restaurant east of Madison.  The menu includes great omelet options and the coffee is outstanding.  They serve a fruit plate that is out of this world.  I love the English Muffins, that are more like scones.  The restaurant is large and has beautiful views of the adjacent park.  It's right on the bike path making it super convenient for bicycle riders.  It's a wonderful spot to have an early meal.
4	I have had lunch here twice and both were delicious.  Reuben was very good.  Fish sandwich was humongous!  I am not a fan of waffle fries but there are several sides to choose from.  Their home made soups are very good but I was not fond of the chili.  It was too spicy for my taste.  A friend ordered the Mediterranean omelet and said it was very good.  It was loaded with veggies including artichoke hearts..several large.The service is very friendly and the portions are "Wisconsin sized". Ya, hey.  So for me there is always enough for another meal.  I have not had any of their homemade desserts but I was nearly tempted to order pecan pie yesterday.  It looked SO good.If you have time to shop there is a wonderful gift shop next door called SPLURGE.  They have many items I have not seen anywhere else.  Right now is everything Christmas.  Gorgeous ornaments, floral arrangements and gifts.
5	Whenever I'm in town for work, I make a point to eat here. The coffee is always hot and fresh, the meats and cheese they use for their salads and sandwiches is so delicious and the bakery items are no joke! I haven't had their breakfast yet, but I hope to someday! The wifi is good, so you can get work done over your meal if you need to. It can get pretty busy during lunch, so be courteous and don't take a large table I you're a party of one! And get a cinnamon roll. They are divine and as big as my hand!
