5	Had not heard of this mover until a friend recommended them.  Great tip.  We also had a quote from Mad City Moving.  Capital was higher on the quote, but with a local move you're paying by the hour no matter what they quote and Capital's hourly rate was actually a touch lower than Mad City.   They came in a few hundred under the quote and my friend said each of the 3 moves she has done with them came in under the quote too.  The guys were excellent - friendly and very hard-working.  When they took a well-deserved "5" (after asking me if it was OK) it was actually 5 minutes.  You can even grab lots of free boxes from them as you pack.Capital operates like a mover should.
5	Simply AWESOME! I wouldn't even bother calling anyone else. On time, professional, friendly. What more could you ask for?
2	Capital City Transfer handled my move from Madison, WI to New York, NY. Overall I am extremely disappointed with the customer service provided by the team.The good:The actual moving team was very quick, getting everything out of my 2 bedroom apartment in about 1.5 hours (I had everything packed and ready before they arrived).The bad:On move out day, the crew was late. After repeated calls to our sales rep (Scott aka "Scooter") they finally showed up about 3 hours late. Then the real problems started. The shipment was packed and sent to get a final weight, with final price based on the weight. After arriving in NY, I called to check on the final price. I spoke with a polite but clueless girl at the desk, who promised Scooter would call me back that afternoon. No such luck. I continue calling multiple times a day. ELEVEN (yes, 11) days later, Scooter finally calls with the price, and no update on the delivery, with the delivery window closing in just two days (delivery was contracted between the 6th and 17th of the month). Finally, I get a call from a driver. He asks if I have obtained parking permits for the delivery. I explain that Manhattan does not have parking permits for moving (something I thought a national moving company would know, or 30 seconds on the NYDOT website could have told him). He then tells me that he won't take my shipment, because he got a parking ticket once in New York, and didn't want to "deal with it." I was shocked he would say such a thing to a customer. After several calls to the customer service line on the 16th and 17th, someone finally called me back to say the shipment would not arrive until the 21st at the earliest.
5	Capital City Transfer was great for my recent in-town move. My movers, Daniel & Jeremy, showed up right on time. They were diligent and extremely careful with my things, maneuvering some difficult corners in my new apartment when moving bookshelves. They were thoughtful, quick, professional and hardworking. The people I dealt with in the Capital City Transfer office were also great: I planned the move over email, then called to move it up by a few days. Sue was especially responsive. Nobody ever likes moving, but these guys made it as easy as it could be.
5	Rolf and his crew have moved me three times already. Once out of a house in Verona into storage, next into a condo and then finally across county to Orange County California. Each time they were professional, on time and on budget. We got quotes to move to California from a few different companies. Rolf was the lowest AND the most honest.  Rolf was up front and honest about everything and I trust him with every detail ( unlike grabel that moved us to Wisconsin from Miami)If we ever move again, across town or across country, we will use Capitol City Transfer.
5	Great job!!!!!!
