5	WOW!  What a pleasant surprise!!  Four handsome Aussies singing Motown on the Las Vegas strip (Smokey Robinson NOT included)!  This is a refreshing, wholesome show that will keep you swaying in your chair, smiling with the fond memories of these select musical masterpieces and constant chills of excitement.  These men have been together singing for over 15 years and are very popular in Australia.  They presented the most beautiful remake of a Smokey Robinson song to the man himself and Smokey was so impressed he decided to sponsor them and put his name on their show.  Located inside the Imperial Palace on the strip, up the escalators in the Main Showroom.  (Drinks are expensive)  If you got your tickets from the box office on site, you'll get a free coupon on the bottom of your ticket.  I'm sure it changes with time, but our was for a free drink in the Rockhouse Bar & Nightclub.  Ya know, Imperial Palace used to be a dump.. But they've really worked hard over the last few years to bring it up to a higher caliber.I was impressed.  The casino was packed...but back to the show review....it was great and I would highly recommend seeing it.  I saw it on a Wednesday and it was practically sold out.Here's another accurate review:http://shop.vegas.com/shows/showtimes2.jsp?show=1408#show_review
5	Saw Human Nature last year, and it was one of the best shows ever.  The guys truly put on an impressive and entertaining mix of Motown hits.  Very true to the original versions, but with their own twist.  It had my mother, father, man and I dancing in the aisles.  When we go to Vegas again in July, you bet we'll be seeing them again.
5	Awesome, Awesome show!How do 4 white guys from Australia do Motown this well????Even people who arent huge fans of Motown will love these guys.  The energy and their charisma are amazing and their voices are simply phenomenal. Don't let the fact the show is at the Imperial Palace fool you, this could play anywhere in town and still draw huge crowds.  In fact, I love the the idea its at the IP because it gives the overall feel of the show a very casual and fun vibe that might be harder to achieve at a more upscale locale.  Drinks are expensive in the showroom but I brought my own bottle of beer from downstairs and the ushers didn't seem to mind.  The theater is intimate and there didn't look like a bad seat in the house.  Seating is setup in the old school table/chair format of comedy clubs or old Vegas lounge acts.  Just read the guys are signing a 2 year extension so now you have no excuse to check out Human Nature.  It takes a lot to usually get me to loosen up and dance (see alcohol) but by the end of the show I was dancing and clapping and having a merry time despite being sober. A great show for all ages from grandparents to kids.  Human Nature has instantly vaulted to my favorite show in residency in Las Vegas.
5	I saw the show for the second time tonight, and it is simply wonderful!  What a talented group of guys from Australia who do, extraordinarily well,  the Motown hits I grew up with!  They sing, dance (not too bad for white guys), and they have an excellent stage presence.  The lighting adds a lot to the overall quality of the show.  I have to mention also how good their band is.    I will see this show again and anyone in Las Vegas would not be disappointed if they got tickets to this show!
5	ONE OF THE BEST SHOWS IN LV....no joke.You have to see this show.I have been several times now...just gets better and better.I have seen all Ages from 20-s to 70's-singing and dancing all night long.The Boys are authentic and all very talented.What a re-freshing experience.Treat yourself to something wonderful.G'Day and Good Job Guys!!
5	4 Aussie men group singing Motown hit songs and they were fantastic!  I had such a wonderful time and they have awesome dance moves too!I will definitely watch them again...
4	I went to see Human Nature at the Imperial Palace last night, courtesy of free tickets from Harrah's Total Rewards club, and was treated to a great performance.  I'd been wanting to see this show regardless, but free tickets can't be really be beaten!The show is set in a smallish (for this part of Vegas) theater, where you sit at tables with 7 others.  You can buy drinks (for a hefty price), but you're probably better off bringing in your own.  The place was packed on a Saturday night, and the crowd around me was fun and lively, with most people on their feet for much of the night, and everybody in really good spirits.Anyway, as for the show... The four guys are great singers, cute, and put on a very entertaining performance.  They sang and danced (with fun retro dance moves that reminded me of seeing Jersey Boys) for about two hours.  They sang hits from a variety of bands and singers that really encompassed the whole Motown era nicely.I was already a fan of Motown music, so didn't need much convincing to enjoy myself, but these guys did a nice job with each of the songs they picked.  Their band includes some very talented musicians as well, though I have to admit that my favorite parts of the show were the a capella versions of songs that REALLY showed off the guys' vocal ranges!  My absolute favorite was their version of Smokey Robinson's "Ooo Baby Baby".  Simply beautiful.
5	These four handsome Aussies are amazing performers. Their show is very high-energy and just a lot of FUN. All of them are a pleasure to look at, and incredibly talented. And how do they get their shoes so damn shiny? I swear they must be made of black mirrors.  One of the best shows I have seen since moving to LV 12 years ago. I highly recommend this show to anyone who loves great music, super dancing, and a good time. Their show is easily worth twice their current ticket prices ... See them before they get any hotter and the prices go through the roof (like the rest of the shows on The Strip).P.S. Congratulations to Human Nature on being signed by the IP for another 2 years. Las Vegas is lucky to have you ... You guys ROCK!
5	My wife and I were in Vegas a few weeks ago. We always like to see one show while in town. We heard about Human Nature in the past, but didn't think too much of it. This time we had a 2 for 1 ticket and were staying at a hotel right near the Imperial Palace where this show plays.We knew the show was live music dedicated to Motown and that was all. We also knew it was a clean show without foul language or barely clothed women, which is important to us.Once we got in to the theater we were squeezed in to a small booth at the back with another couple. Good thing we're not big as there was very little room under the table for our legs and feet. It's a toe-tapping show and that's about all you can do unless you stand up, but that's all right, I'm not rating the theater. Human Nature started in Australia more than 20 years ago. The four guys started out in high school. Two of them are brothers. They grew up loving Motown music. Apparently they're huge in Australia.Well, they've been playing on the strip for more than a year now and were just voted best singers on the strip. I wasn't surprised after watching the show. They are superb singers and excellent dancers. The show really blew us away as it was choreographed so well, the songs were all big hits, the supporting band was excellent, the sound was right on, and the stage lights worked well to enhance the experience. They played a full 90-minute set with high-energy all the way. By the end we were out of our booth standing and swaying and clapping along with everyone else. They had the place on fire. I really can't recommend this show more highly. If you like Motown music and really well put-together dancing you won't be sorry you watched Human Nature. And you'll have plenty of opportunities to see them since they were just renewed for 2 more years.
5	My first Vegas show! I know, I know... you're all probably surprised that I didn't pick a Cirque show but Joe and I are both totally into oldies so we were excited for this one!The show was way more fun that I expected. We sat in the VIP booths and I'll warn you now... the entire theatre is filled with people who grew up listening to Motown. We were by far the youngest people in the entire show. We sat next to this super awesome and fun couple which made the show even better!These Aussies know how to sing and perform. Their dance moves are hilarious! They'll even make you get up and learn a dance. I bought my tickets for half off at halfpriceshows.com.
5	seriously, I LOVE MOTOWN.who would have thought these Aussies would do it so well!i especially love how much energy they provide the crowd, and their rendition of "Baby, Baby" was AMAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAZING.i would definitely see this show again, and again, and again.& i honestly think it's great for all ages! I cannot say enough good stuff about this show. SEE IT. BELIEVE ME! you will not regret it.
5	Being a Las Vegas local, I have seen all the Cirque shows and dozens of Strip shows over the past 20 years.  This show is amazing.  I love Motown and was skeptical, but after hearing Human Nature, you'd swear you were listening to the Motown groups live.  Their singing and sychronized dancing was fantastic.  The audience sang along and was on their feet dancing.  Do yourself a favor, and go see these guys; you will not regret it.  I'll will be going with another group of friends soon.  It is high energy and a show you could see over and over again.  5 starts and Thumbs up!
4	Oops. I guess my review of this place slipped through the cracks. I saw Human Nature about a year and a half ago (right after they opened as it turns out). I was never a fan of them back in Australia, but I was pleasantly surprised at how entertaining their show is. I had no idea that they are such huge fans of Motown. Like probably everyone else, I just saw them as an Aussie boy band. The fact that they now headline a Vegas show sponsored by Smokey Robinson is strange to say the least. Little did I know, they actually started out singing those types of tunes back in high school. So really, "Smokey Robinson Presents Australia's Human Nature" is a return to their roots. It's not in my list of favorite shows on the strip, but it's certainly worth checking out, especially if you love Motown. And who doesn't love Motown?
5	after reading all the great reviews we decided to see for ourselves-and these 4 Aussie boys put on a great show! each one of them has a special talent- we liked the gentleman who had the deep bass voice he sounded like he was playing the bass with his voice, and the back-up band was tight, they played a solo and it was hot! great show and energy throughout!
4	My boyfriend knows everything about soul music and for him to be impressed as he was by these Australian performers means something.  I was also very impressed by their performance and wouldn't mind going back for more. One song that stuck to mind was the Smokey Robinson Song they sang.  They really hit that note and did justice to the legendary singer.
5	Fantastic show and a bargain.
5	Human Nature rocks! I had a chance to meet these fellows previous to their run in Las Vegas as they stopped by my Company who is a broker for their show ticket sales. I was expecting a great show, but wow the word great is an understatement I must say!I am not old school at the age of 34 by any means, but I sure felt it when I was dancing and singing all of the Motown jams right along with them.They have a magnetic stage presence and their voices, oh boy! Fantastic!A must see show in Vegas! We are lucky to have Human Nature!
5	So the Hubby and I were trying to decide on which Vegas show to see...Cirque du Soleil? Jabbawockeez? A Musical? After seeing some of the ticket prices for some of these shows, we contemplated not even going to one since half of our spending would go to tickets. While I'm sure ALL Vegas shows are worth every penny, we had to be wise. We wanted to be entertained but not go broke.Enter Human Nature....I had never heard of Human Nature before and the first thing I noticed was four Aussie guys singing Motown...really??? And Smokey Robinson stamped his name on the act? Really??? After reading the numerous RAVE reviews about Human Nature, I got sucked in. I was intrigued. I wanted to know more...so I kept on reading. Next thing you know, I'm emailing my Hubby to tell him that I had made another one of my "Executive Decisions" and bought tickets for us (at a REALLY GOOD PRICE). I love Motown - I've seen the Shirelles, Smokey Robinson, the Temps and so many other groups perform. So as you can see, the bar is set high. Human Nature exceeded my expectations! Plus when you meet someone at the show who has already seen the show and is back to watch it again...that is a positive review right there!Once you get over the fact that they don't look like a Motown group (I'm just keeping it real) and that they are NOT the Wiggles, all you can do is sit there, appreciate and love the show...the Hubby and I were both blown away. A total must-see show in a very intimate venue. Check halfpriceshows.com for great prices on show tickets...but quite honestly, I would have been happy to pay more. It was THAT good!
5	My wife and I went to Vegas last weekend to celebrate our 12th anniversay.  Love You Babe!!!  We had a great time and a big reason for that was the Human Nature show.  Before we went on the trip, I was planning on buying some Cirque de Soleil tickets but couldn't decide on which one; the prices were a big factor too.  Man, they're expensive.But, ultimately we got lucky and scored some free tickets and a free buffett at the Imperial Palace.  Getting back to the show.....It was AWESOME!!!  They have great voices, they're performance is so upbeat, it just keeps you going throughout the show, I think it lasted  1 1/2 hr, but the time went by so fast we really wished it could have lasted longer.The only bad thing was the seating arrangement.  We had seats in the very back of the room, and it was too crowded.  We couldn't get up and dance. Anyone who loves Motown/Oldies should definitely take in this show.  You will be thoroughly surprised and satisfied.
5	I was looking for a highly-rated, family-friendly show in Vegas.  After reading all the reviews, we bought tickets for this show through Goldstar (VIP seats at a great price).  It was an excellent show, great singing and lots of fun.  My two sons (13 and 9) enjoyed it very much, despite their initial reluctance to see 4 Australian guys singing Motown music.  My 9 year old was so impressed that he "knew" a lot of the songs.  Even my husband (my dear husband who grudgingly goes where I dictate) had a fabulous time!  I think he enjoyed this show more than me!
5	These Australian guys have mastered the Motown sound.  They've been singing  as a group for 21 years and still enjoy what they do.  It was a great rendition of the Motown Sound's legacy of music!
5	People, remember the good ol' days of Vegas show performers? Before the Cirque, La Reve, O or whatever high flying contraption act comes next to Vegas. (These are not bad, but I happen to love the singing and dancing side of this town.)  Well, if you miss the times when song and music filled the air on the Strip, relax; it is back. When you come to visit Vegas, there is only ONE show that cannot be missed and it is this one - Human Nature. Playing in a wonderful theater that is a throwback to the origins of this town, these four Aussies can sing, blend a melody and harmonize Motown music in a way that makes you relive each precious moment of that bygone, but still beautiful music. Human Nature has been the most successful musical group from Australia for a very long time and it is easy to see why. Singing together since high school, these four men have put together a thoroughly entertaining, get up and dance, sing out loud and breathtaking show. They sing Motown hits from Marvin Gaye (their rendition of "What's Going On" was superb), The Temptations ("My Girl" - was a showstopper), Jackson 5 ("I'll Be there"), and from their mentor, Smokey Robinson ("Ooh, Baby, Baby" was simply off the hook). If you want to sing tunes that will reawaken childhood memories, dance to sounds that deserve movement or simply feel entertained the way this town used to entertain its clientele, Human Nature simply must be on your "must see" list. Trust me, you WILL love it. That is not all. Human Nature is supported by one of the best back up bands on the strip. Electric guitars, bass, percussion, and, especially, the brass section are simply outstanding.  I must also inform you that, no matter the day, Human Nature performers stay after each and every performance to sign autographs and shoot pictures with you.... Ah, just like it is used to be in Vegas like the good ol' days.
5	My wife and I like listening to Motown music.  We wanted to see Hitsville at Planet Hollywood, but while yelping, I saw reviews for Human Nature.   I had never heard of them before.  Maybe they are not being marketed very well, because I never would have known they existed without Yelp.  Anyways, I was a little skeptical at first...4 white guys from Australia...the Imperial Palace?!  I have never had any inclination to set foot in that cheesy old casino, and the fact that the show was there did not do it any credit.  However, because of the reviews, I decided to go.  We bought some discount tickets at Tix4Tonite.  The show was on a Monday night, and the showroom was almost full.  The show was AWESOME!!  These guys were on a different level.  They were consummate professionals.  Their harmonizing was amazing.   Their banter was humorous, and endearing.    By the end of the show, everyone was really fired up, standing, clapping, dancing.  Definitely, one of the best shows I've seen in Vegas for a while.   It made me want to go home and buy some Motown records on iTunes.  This is the perfect show for those of you who miss the traditional Vegas shows, and are nauseated by the 10 million Cirque shows that inundate the strip now.
5	At first, I was so confused by the name until I actually saw the show. I am young and love motown, and really at first, I was thinking if a group from Australia would do such a good job. BUT, wow! I was up and dancing the night away with my friend, and they perform great. If you want to go see a Vegas show, this is definitely one must-see in Vegas. I loved the way they would sing and actually motivate the audience to stand up and shake it off! I love Ain't No Mountain High Enough and all of their songs and they did a great job I will tell you!!
5	We don't often go to shows, Vegas is all business for us. But a friend had told me to try to see Human Nature when we were in town...and my husband surprised me with seats stage side. I cannot express how good these 4 guys were- unbelievably good! We grew up with Motown and I knew the words to every single song- they danced and moved the way the original performers did....their harmonies were perfect. I don't remember when I had such a good time...
5	Honestly I wasn't expecting much. My mother wanted to see the show so she purchased tickets before we even made it to town :-) I mean  Austrailians singing Motown classics?  I grew up on that music.  I LOVE IT!! I know EVERY WORD!! Well I was more than surprised that not only did they perform Motown amazingly well but seemed to have a deep respect for the music and how it changed the industry.  They guys were dressed to a T.  Everyone one of them had a unique and complimentary voice to the other group members.  My favorite being Andrew, the "lead" singer.  His rendition of "Ooo Baby Baby" by Smokey Robinson and the Miracles had me and my sister melting out of our seats...hahahaha...The band was fantastic.  Lots of passion for their craft there. Everyone on that stage (band, group members) was HIGH energy and seemed to be enjoying themselves.  I would definitely recommend this show to anyone wanting to see a great show while in Las Vegas.  Don't let the fact that the show is located in the Imperial Palace steer you away.  I forgot where I was once inside the theater.  Once the music starts you won't care...
4	It's pretty amazing.  You wouldn't think 4 white guys from Australia could pull off Motown, but they do, and tell a story while they do it.  Their dancing is well, kinda white, but, overall, this show is great.  I was one of the youngest in the crowd, but I think it's because of the genre of music they do.  But by the end of the night, everyone was out of their seats dancing.  If you can afford it, check it out.
4	If you are even remotely a Motown fan, check out this show. They will have you tapping your fingers and dancing your feet in no time. We LOVED it. I bought two VIP tickets to this show through goldstar.com. My wife and I like Motown music, having both been children who grew up with parents/relatives who listened to this type of music. Smokey Robinson did an awesome job by picking these guys. The musicians were great, the choreography was excellent and the singers are superb. Highly reccomend this show!! Visited April 2011
5	Absolutely loved this show!  It had everyone getting to their feet during the performance and moving to the music.  These guys are talented, full of energy, and fun to watch with a great stage presence.  VIP tickets are worth it for a better view.
5	If I could use one word to describe this show, it would be WOW! Honestly I was blown away by this group. Originally I thought it was going to be a really cheesy show and wasn't too keen on going but my other half's family had free tickets so what the heck! I quickly changed my mind as they opened up the show. As they themselves described it as 4 blokes singing Motown classics, who would have thunk that 4 Aussies could sing Motown and sound awesome! They definitely do have a great stage presence and audience participation. The only two cons I had: expensive drinks & the theater was freezing. The IP does have a great show and the audience loves it as you can tell by all the occupied seats even during a weekday! If you haven't experienced Human Nature, do it! They take it way back and when they go acapella, it definitely gives you goose bumps or maybe it was the cold theater? Either way you don't want to miss this show!
5	My family and I saw this show several times. My mom's job gave free tickets and we went quite often. We were always entertained. I've sat in just about every section in the venue and they are all good seats. They definitely keep you entertained throughout the night! I was hoping one night Smokey himself would come out  and perform with them.
5	If you are into Motown music don't miss this show! Thank you Shaye G for turning me on to halfpriceshows.com I picked up two reserved seats near the stage for just under $80.00 including service charges.The production is produced by Smoky Robinson and the group and live back up band are incredible. The show last a full hour and a Half  and flies by.. I won't ruin it and tell the songs performed but there was a little audience participation that was entertaining.I know you'll definitely enjoy this band. The group has been together for 22 years and just produced a show for PBS. Who would have ever figured a Aussie group singing and dancing to Motown Hits in Las Vegas?
5	This was a fun show and these 4 guys have a great act. The choreography and live band make this a show I would go to see again. Motown like it is supposed to be performed. 5 star
5	This is a MUST SEE show in Vegas.  The theatre is old, and has no charm, but you forget about it when the music starts.  The back-up muscians were fantastic, and the music made you want to dance!  We purchased the VIP seats, and would reccomend you do the same for an up close view of the group.  The guys were talented, both in their voices, and their personalities, they clearly love their job.  You can tell when the entertainers are going through the motions, but not these guys, they wanted to put on a show you were thrilled with.  I can see why Smoky Robinson has put his name to this group.  Go see them on tour this spring and summer if they come near your city.
5	LOVED IT! From beginning to end, this show was simply phenomenal! These four Australian sensations engage you in every way....Their Singing and Dancing Performances are Top Notch. Motown Fans....You'll love it!This show was highly recommended to me so I was eager to purchase tickets. I love shows and have been to almost all the top ones in Vegas, so I was pleasantly surprised when I found my $83 VIP tickets online. I'm used to spending close to $150 on shows, so this one was a steal! They assigned our seats at the ticket counter at the Imperial Palace Hotel. Front/Center. Yay! Long cocktail tables line the two levels of the showroom. We shared our table with 2 other couples, and there was no drink minimum. The theatre itself is not fancy, but it works for this show.The show runs about an hour and a half. You will experience Motown hits by Marvin Gaye, The Supremes, The Jackson Five, Smokey Robinson, etc.  It's amazing how talented this group is......Almost as though you're listening to the original groups!  And their dancing is pretty impressive too.So next time you're in Vegas, go and see this show. I will be definitely pay to see it again. One of my Fave Shows in Vegas! *****
3	Good but not great.Positives first, the singers were entertaining and had good voices and great harmony.  I absolutely loved their acapella rendition of that Smokey Robinson song.  It was incredible...their harmonies were out of this world.  They also were excellent during a gospel song they sang which I can't recall the name too.  Both of these brought chills up and down my spine.  The band was amazing as well.Now the less positives.  The singers do not have strong enough voices to be singing with such a great sounding band and most of their songs (except the two I mentioned above) were with the band.  The one guy Phil has a great mid-range voice but from the very start he strains his voice to hit high notes out of his range. Bottom line, they sound excellent acapella, the harmonies are superb, and the band is awesome, but in my opinion when you put them both together...it's just OK.  I would recommend Human Nature goes either all acapella or just with some light accompaniment.
5	Great show..
4	It's interesting that this style of show fits in better in any other decade of Vegas than the current.  This is authentically old school from the performances down to the theater itself.  These guys sing fantastic.  I seemed to be mostly drawn to listening to Toby, the bass of the quartet.  I wish I could sing like that!  The blending of harmonies seemed effortless and I actually preferred when they sang acapella over with the full band.  Don't get me wrong though, the band kicked butt as well but everyone knew who the stars were.Random side note but the youngest member of the group reminded me of Pete Campbell from "Mad Men".  I started thinking about the slippery personal slope he's been on this season and it has been enjoyable as hell.Stand out songs for me were "Ooo Baby, Baby" (like buttah!) and "Just My Imagination".  Human Nature certainly know how to work a crowd.  Everyone was on their feet, clapping and singing along by the end.  Most people would have a preconceived idea of 4 white guys singing the best of Motown as terrible but this was anything but that.  They were shockingly great.  I'd recommend this to pretty much anyone.
5	Jersey Boys step aside...  There is a new #1 in Vegas!  This show is very interactive...  Audience participation is not only required but expected.  This group brings back the kid in you.  It was great to reconnect with the past and enjoy some really great songs.  The acapello was superb!  This is a must see in Vegas.  You will not be disappointed!
5	Human Nature was an awesome show!  These guys are amazing- their dancing and harmonizing are spot on.  They actually look like they love performing together.  I highly recommend seeing them.
4	4 white guys from Austrailia singing Motown.  Who would have thunk it??But these guys can blow! Smokey Robinson is definitely on to something by putting his name behind these talented singers.Human Nature provided high-energy from beginning to end in their 90-minute show.  If you attend, aim for seats at the front so that you can get a chance to grope the men when they come dancing on your table.  After all, you are in Vegas and everything goes!!  They encourage audience participation and at one point, they stopped the song to teach the audience some dance moves! Classic! I loved it, because you couldn't tell me that I wasn't the 5th member of the group by dancing and singing along with them.They have been singing together since high school. How do I know that? Because they mentioned it at least 50 times during their show.  But if you can get over the redundancy then you will walk away still singing Motown classics at the end of the night.
5	I have to give HUMAN NATURE and their show five stars even though the show venue is one star.  Since that's not HN's fault, that's why I'll give them five stars.What needs to go is the Imperial Palace.  What a ducking fump this place is.   Yeah, I know, there's a wall along one side they're remodeling because of the looming Linq project.  Still, that's NO EXCUSE for the condition of the remainder of the casino.  Dumpy casinos on Freemont are better looking than this abandoned Home Depot warehouse with delusions of grandeur.And you'd think that if a show as solid as HUMAN NATURE was on a second story of this toilet there'd be a GIANT VEGAS SIZED SIGN by the CRITICAL escalator.  Nope.  Like everything at the IP they apparently don't give a damn.   This place is one of the few hotels on the strip that not only should be imploded... but I'd gladly contribute my resort fee to make it happen.So, once you find the mysterious escalator path to the showroom, it's as pathetic as showroom spaces go.  The tables and chairs mostly look worn and rented.  You fear you've been screwed.  The lights finally dim (allowing you to imagine you're in a nice theater) and MOTOWN MUSIC starts.  Not live music, mind you.  A recording.  Hello.... that's STUPID.  Just start the show.  Nope.  Two entire songs this way.  Then a screen drops and Smokey Robinson starts talking to you.  About how amazing his Aussie boys HUMAN NATURE are.  Again, I'm like, look, just open with these 'amazing' men and I'm sure if they're at all impressive we'll be impressed as well and the freakin' show can begin before the Imperial Palace collapses under it's junk food weight.Finally the 'boys' hit the stage and WHAMMO you know in under one minute the ticket prices were a steal.  Even if you payed full price.  It doesn't matter.  They're AMAZING.  And you wonder what purpose the long intro served.  If HUMAN NATURE wants to pad the show to make it feel longer, replace this strange intro with the band warming us up with two Motown songs.  Understand:  I'm not the biggest Motown fan.  Seriously.  I was a baby during the critical years.  But that really doesn't matter once you hear these guys sing and watch them dance.  I'll be frank and admit that sometimes I wanted them to be four black dudes who could PERFECTLY mimic Motown.  That said, if you had to hire four white dudes to do Motown, this was the best 'Jersey Boys' group you'd find.As much fun as this was for me and my parents, a few picky notes.  One, this group wants you to understand that they're as big as ABBA down under.  Since none of us in the US have ever heard of them -- we don't really care.  But all night long they keep trying to make you 'get' that these guys are really big somewhere else.  I'm not even sure if it's true but -- again -- WE DON'T CARE.    (If you're so frickin' big over there, how it is that they can spare you for years over here singing MOTOWN?  Doesn't add up, does it?)  So please shut up about this and just nail MOTOWN the powerful way you do the things you do.Secondly, the band name HUMAN NATURE might as well be DAISY PAPAYA.  It doesn't work.  It makes the show impossible to recommend to others.  I tried.  Y'all need some name like MOTOWN UNDER.  It explains what and where from in two words.  Or in Vegas you might take the band's weakest aspect and make it your strength;  FOUR WHITE GUYS SINGING MOTOWN.  Whatever.  Anything but HUMAN NATURE.These three things (location, band name, prior band history) obscure an otherwise phenomenal group.  Their band is hot, their moves are perfect, their song choice and sequence solid, their energy limitless, their repartee kinda corny but kinda charming too.  This is the only band in a long time I've seen successfully manage to get the audience up and dancing.  We shaked the cardboard underpinnings of the Imperial Palace.  I was literally bouncing up and down on this second story showroom like a kid in an air castle.At the end of the show there was a line to meet the boys.  I had to run so I snuck up to one and said, "What the hell are you guys doing here?  You belong across the street in the Terry Fator theater at the Mirage."  He was so humble he appeared flattered.  Class act.So as long as you're willing to see a reasonably priced show inside a NYC subway station restroom, you're going to have a really great time.
5	"Human Nature" had the odds stacked against it.  Envision my anger after inhaling a carton of cigarettes while walking through the Imperial Palace.  Imagine the scowl on my face when I saw our seats were near the back and I had to turn my chair around to face the stage.  Picture my furrowed brow when I started to think that no show in this dump was worth my time.These poor boys didn't stand a chance.So, when I'm giving this show 5 stars, I'm really giving them 348 stars because they overcame so much.  I LOVED it.  Lovedlovedlovedlovedloved it.I must begin by saying I was an odd duck growing up.  My radio dial was set to the oldies station all through middle school.  So I know Motown music.  I love Motown music.  But you don't need to need to be a fan of Motown to enjoy this show.  These boys will easily convince you that you've been missing out your entire life.Their harmonies are spot-on and they sing with passion and soul.  Their energy reaches unnatural levels as they dance the ENTIRE time they are on stage.  And they not only dance, but they've got MOVES.  I would imagine that if The Temptations were to watch their show, they would give Human Nature a standing ovation.And this is all coming from four Australian boys.There's just enough commentary between the songs to pique your interest in the group without ever feeling drawn out.  They're charming, have good banter amongst themselves, and what they're saying doesn't feel scripted.  The band plays perfectly and brings the songs to life.  The stage production is surprisingly good considering the casino and theater it's in.It's great!  Go see it!  Just make sure you close your eyes and have someone escort you to the theater so you don't have to look at the Imperial Palace!
5	My husband and I saw this show because we really love Motown.  The show was fantastic and my husband had a huge smile on his face the entire time!  At 30 and 35 years old, we were the youngest people there.The theater is small and intimate and every seat offers a great view but I have to recommend that you get a booth even though they are more expensive.  The rest of the seating are long tables with 6 chairs each. The stage is horizontal and the tables/chairs are vertical so you have to turn your head to the side the entire time and your back is pushed into the back of the person at the table behind you.  People at the tables looked uncomfortable.  We sat in the very last row in a booth (the least expensive booths) and still had a great view!  We could see the singers' faces.There are four singers and a seven piece band.  Don't listen to any reviews criticizing the quality of the musicians because as a classically trained violinist and pianist I can tell you that they all did a fantastic job.  The sound in the theater was really great.  They do a lot of wonderful Motown songs and get the audience involved a lot.  They also tell quick stories of how they started out in Australia, have been together for 22 years, and show pictures of themselves as young boys.  Some of the reviews say this stuff was boring but I found it interesting and endearing.  After the show you can say hi to them or purchase CD's.  We really loved it and recommend it to anyone who loves Motown.
5	We have seen most of the show in Las Vegas and feel that for the price this is one of the best.  This quartet of talent singers work harder than any entertainers on the Strip.  Since we first saw the show, they have introduced a segment where they sing gather around a piano and sing a couple of their own hits when they were a boy band back in Australia.  If you enjoy Motown even a little, I challenge you to remain on your feet throughout the entire show .  You will clapping, you'll will be dancing dance and you will thoroughly entertained - guaranteed.
5	You don't have to be young to have a great time and you'll find that out when you see this crowd.  Human Nature put on an awesome show.  If you like motown and want an interactive show head on over to the front row seats.  Don't be shy if you're the youngest there becuase its a guaranteed great time.
5	Four Aussies singing Motown hits.  And they're very good.  And they've got Smokey Robinson as their mentor.A must see if you're looking for a good show in Vegas.  Located in the Imperial Palace casino.
5	Excellent show! We went on Saturday night (10/6). My husband really loves Motown and Human Nature did a great job.  There were lots of audience participation which we loved.  We even bought the cd after the show. The only bad thing which had nothing to do with the show was we had tickets for a booth in the front.  We get there and the other couple we are sharing with are already there. She is sitting facing sideway with her legs stretched out taking up half the space.  She moves in just a little and her husband moves down.  We hardly fit and my husband tells them they need to move in more.  He moves down and she moves jus a little with her legs still stretched out. Her husband starts talking to us and is very nice.  First a think her leg must be sore that's why she has it up.  Then I think no she must be drunk.  As the show goes on I figure out that she's just a b*tch! This show is a must see!
4	I really enjoyed the show. Buy your tickets from halfpriceshows.com about a week b4 the show. We actually paid half price. A group of white guys singing motown. They had you up in your seats and dancing the night away. Make sure you get the VIP seats for about $5 more. They are worth it, especially if you book as a foursome. You have your own private table instead of sitting at a community table. Also, order not one but two drinks right away because the servers get awfully busy and it could take awhile before they come back to you. The beer is ice cold.
5	One of the best shows I've seen in Vegas, and we've seen a lot. I know what you're thinking, what are 4 Aussies doing singing Motown....we were not expecting much either, BUT, they were FANTASTIC!! They were very entertaining, funny, exciting, and boy can they sing the heck out of Motown. They had the crowd up on their feet dancing with them while they sang some Motown classics.  I can't say enough about Human Nature, if you're looking for a  great show and you want to have a good time, then  this is the one to see. They'll have you singing along with them with some of the Motown classics the rest of the night.
5	THESE GUYS JUST DONT STOP!! The best. I'm not into mo-town music but I was when I went!! You will feel the music though your body and ... trust me, you'll be dancing just like the rest of the crowd! These guys are truly AMAZING at what they do. Awesome guys, fun for EVERYONE! (even if you don't like MO-TOWN) SEEN MOST THE SHOWS HERE IN VEGAS, AND THIS ONE STICKS OUT THE MOST! SUPER!
5	Yelp once again helps me find another great place to check out...too bad the show is over. Yeah, that's right...the show after several years is no longer running.This show was great, but to be honest, I really didn't know what to expect from 4 "white guys from down under." I will say though, after a few minutes they go the whole audience on their feet, clapping their hands, and signing along. This is by far one of the best shows I've seen, and with family living there, I've seen my fair share.To my four Aussies, that's for a great show, and I wish you all the best of luck in whatever it is that you are doing now.
5	Human nature is a great show.  They are 4 guys from Australia who sing Motown music.  I've seen them twice...once while they were at the Imperial Palace and another at the Venetian.  I love the energy that these guys have!! There's also crowd participation, so you could pay more for the seats inn the front...although any seat in the venetian theater is good.I highly recommend this show! It will not disappoint.  I really love their version of ooh baby!!! These guys can really sing!  It's good for all ages.  I'm 30  and I brought my parents who are in their 60's and we all had a great time :)
5	So now they're located inside the Sands Showroom at the Venetian (right across from the Rock Of Ages showroom).  They definitely put in their time and got themselves a well-deserved, gorgeous theater.  Formerly inside the Imperial Palace which was renamed, now called The Quad.The show was great AGAIN!! I loved it, very happy & wholesome & you tap your foot the whole time. GO!Insider tip:If you're driving yourself, park in the Palazzo parking structure (right off Spring Mountain & LV Blvd), less traffic & I always end up parking right next to the elevator, SCORE!!  :)  It's about the same distance walk, but less chaotic, no taxis 'n junk.I would post some of the pics my friend took, but I'm afraid Human Nature's PR will find me and shank me. So, go see it yourself :D
5	Fantastic show.  My wife and I attended this event on Feb 16th (Valentine's weekend).I always wanted to try out the 4 tickets booth down at Townsquare Mall.  We decided to purchase 2 tickets to the Saturday evening show -- seated at Preferred Seating (front section of the theatre).  If you buy it at the box office or Ticketmaster, it is about 120 total per ticket.  At 4 Tickets, we got our (same seats) for only $68 bucks a pop (this included admin fees!). The back section was going for $54. Basically, $126 for 2 in the front!!!  What a deal! By the way, after we attended the show, if you are a stickler with the cost, go with the $54.  It is such a small, warm, and cozy theatre.  Every seat is a good seat.  If we had to do it over, I would have preferred to sit a little back (note: we were in the last row of the front section -- Row G).  One more thing, after you purchase it at 4 ticket, you have to head to the Venetian Sand's office.  There, you can choose your seat at the will call desk (note:  we were misinformed by 4 tix that seats were randomly assigned by section).As for the show, AMAZING!  I found myself singing along to every song.  My wife loved it!  We were tapping, singing, and dancing along during the whole show.  This is definitely one of the better shows in Vegas to pep anyone up -- Young and Old!!I thoroughly enjoyed it from beginning to the end.  I wished they could have sang on all night!  I walked out with a huge smile on my face.  It was definitely worth it!Enjoy!
5	Oh these guys can sing!!!!A quartet seranading you with motown songs (well-known ones..don't worry, you'll know the songs) for 90 minutes was heaven. To me it was. The way their voices harmonized with each other was flawless.They sang a lot, if not mostly all popular songs everybody is familiar with. Favorites include: Stop! In the Name of Love, My Girl, Ain't No Mountain High Enough, I'll Be There and many many more.My boyfriend and I (we're both 26 years old) must of been one of the younger, if not the youngest people in the crowd but we really, REALLY enjoyed ourselves. We sang along, when they told the audience to get up and danced, we danced along. This is a fabulous show for people of ALL AGES. Do not hesitate to buy show tickets. You will have a fun night!
5	Absolutely amazing.  Standing ovation, no complaints.  And my 8 year old daughter loved the show so much, she even asked me to get her the CD after the performance.  The entire band took a photo with her and signed her CD, which she still listens to every day.  This show is amazing because they have real talent and are there to interact with the audience.  Bravo!  I will recommend this show to everyone.
5	Human Nature is a group of four Australian white guys currently performing the Motown Show playing at the Sands Theater in the Venetian.  These guys, who are very talented and personable, sing all the old familiar Motown songs with great energy, enthusiasm, and competence.  They had the audience rocking out of their seats, dancing, and singing along.  The Sands Theater is an intimate venue that greatly enhanced the enjoyment of show, which was very reasonably priced.If you like Motown, this is a "don't miss" production.
5	Excuse me, did you say four Australian men would be singing Motown's greatest hits?! Did you also say they were co-signed by the amazingly talented Smokey Robinson?! Now this I have to see!!! And I did! And I am pleased! :)This show was great. They interact with the crowd. They sing and do an occasional two-step. These guys were awesome. The only sadness I experienced was when the show was ready to end and I realized there was no 90's Motown delivery. Aside from that I'd be back to see the show a number of times just because it was that great!!
5	What else can I say that hasn't been said?  LOVED the show, and my husband, whodidn't want to go but went for me, clapped and yelled louder than anyone!  As others have said, the harmonies are perfect. Shout out to the cool band...loved when theguys on guitar and bass strolled around the stage playing, having a great time!  Although they all have done this show, what, 100's of times?, the energy throughoutwas high, from 1st to last song.My only complaints...1. that the younger generation are missing a great part of musical history by not wanting to hear Motown.  Most of the audience was over 30,and I couldn't help but feel sorry for those not knowing what they're missing!2. I wanted to get up and dance, but knew I would've blocked those behind me. Solets all get up and dance next time!Would see this show again in a heartbeat, better than Le Reve!  Keep it up guys, we loved you!
5	Great show!
5	So they probably are not named after that Michael Jackson song, but it was the first thing that came to my mind, unrelated as it may be. But " if they say - why, why, tell em that is Human Nature". And really after the show, that was all the justification needed to see the show. But, let me expand on that. If you love feel good Motown music, you will enjoy the song selection. I feel they did the songs a lot of justice and you can tell they've been together for a long time with how tight their harmonies were. You have to sing it with soul-  they did feel and enjoy what they sang. Lots of high energy performance, they were constantly dancing around while singing. Their band was awesome. I love when live music is involved. I also loved when they honed it in and did pure acapellas too where you can see just how clean they are. They did Smokey Robinson and the Miracles "Ooo Baby, Baby"  acapella - would it be heresay to think better than Smokey? In between songs they paced it out with stories about themselves and some banter. Of course the show is all scripted out, but it didn't feel that way as it came across that they we're indeed some humble Aussie boys. After the show, they hang out in the lobby to sign autographs which few shows here do. I can see why they get some rave reviews. No, this isn't a Vegas special effects spectacular, but this is a throwback to the heart of Vegas, the awesome lounge performances of yesteryears that made this city great. I know it was a good show because I wasn't ever bored in the 90 minute run. I was definitely the youngest person there, but I grew up with my mom singing Motown. When no one is home, I often do chores singing (horribly) to 50's - 70's funk and soul. Next time my parents are in town, I definitely will be convincing them to see this. They love music and these are the sentimental songs of our family. Definitely a must see for any music fans.
5	Excellent show!
5	I'm 59 and I've seen the Supremes, Temptations, the Jackson 5 and Smokey and the Miracles play live in my day and these four guys really do them justice with their soulful sounds and harmonies.  They were incredibly spot-on and their showmanship was a joy to experience.  Their show back at the Imperial Palace was sold out the last time we were down there but this time I booked online (even got a discount) got seats in the 3rd row for only $68 each and these guys rocked the house down.  Everyone was foot tapping, clapping and singing along with these guys.  My buddy and his wife who are in their early 40's loved the show also and couldn't believe these guys could sing Motown like they did.  I enjoyed their music so much I'm on iTunes buying their Motown Record along with a few of their original compositions.  If you enjoyed watching Jersey Boys, you'll be thrilled to see Human Nature for lots less!
5	We've seen almost all the shows in Vegas and wanted something different so when we saw all the positive reviews for this show, we had to check it out. The show consists of a group of guys from Sydney, Australia singing Motown songs.  I know what you're thinking, "white guys singing Motown music"?  I thought the same thing until about 10 minutes into the show.  Their energy and talent really blows you away.  You truly feel the love for Motown these guys exude. The band was also amazing!  The venue was small so you can't have a bad seat.  I would highly recommend this show if you are looking for something different.
4	Excellent music and singing....Motown is alive and well in Vegas, belting out tunes from four Aussies. A must see show in Vegas!
4	The show has moved and been updated since we last saw it, but it has actually improved.  Do your self a favor and see this quartet of  entertainers on your next trip.
5	After recovering from the initial shock of seeing four super white Aussies singing the best of Motown......Great, solid show.  Still relatively affordable as compared to many of the other Vegas shows (you get a lot for your money). The theater is pretty small, giving the show an intimate feeling.  No matter where you're sitting, you feel like you're close to the state and connected to the performers. The four guys making up Human Nature all seem awesome.  The combination of their warm personality and great voices make for a great time. Highly recommend Human Nature for people of all ages.
4	Was very entertaining. Each of the guys in the band had a great voice. Good mix of slow and upbeat songs and I liked that there were a few songs in there that I did not even recognize (they did not just sing the huge Motown hits). Gave it a four only because I found Jersey Boys to be nothing short of mesmerizing. A very solid show that I'd recommend in a heartbeat!
4	Go to tix4tonight the morning of to get discounted tickets like I did. Totally worth it.  Used money saved to eat at the Grand Lux after.
4	Watched their while they were at the Harrah's Hotel and Casino.A lot of fun. Hard to imagine while Australian guys can perform so well with their tribute to Motown.
3	I am a pretty big fan of Motown so I was pretty excited to see that Human Nature would be performing some of Motown's greatest hits. My husband is a huge fan of Motown and was very excited to see it as well. The theatre is small so any seat you get it is a good seat. The show was pretty entertaining, solid. There is of course, some interaction with the crowd, which was very amusing. The suits and old mics brought a nostalgic feel and the group is quite charming, especially with their Aussie accents. They also choreographed snazzy dances to go along with the songs as well. There were a few acapella songs to showcase their voices, which was a nice touch.Was it the best concert I've seen? To be honest, no. But I did enjoy it overall. I think deep down, I expected more especially with such high praise on here.My opinion may have been marred by the drunken group from Belfast next to me. In no way Human Nature's fault, but this group basically made the first half of the show unenjoyable. They heckled, talked very loudly and made me and my husband get up numerous amount of times for their several restroom trips. Another audience member spoke to them to get them to quiet down (which only lasted about 10 minutes) and I had to speak to one of them because she almost headbutted me.  I know I definitely would have had a better time if it weren't for that group. If you are a Motown fan and are in Vegas, go ahead and check out the show.
5	The best show ever...great songs from the past and audience becomes part of the show.. We had such fun, loved it..please if this is your type of oldies you must go..
5	They are a charming bunch of guys who can just sing so well!!! The only "letdown" was that they weren't able to sing all of those classic Motown songs ;) since there are so many to choose from... It makes me wonder if they have a repertoire they sift through to change it up each night? Anyhow, these guys are great! Sorry I couldn't give a better review - the only other thing is that the vibe is very relaxed and jovial, and yes, every seat in the house is a pretty darn good one (though we sat somewhat center front). Look for the deals on the internet because they're there. Totally worth it.
5	This is very high energy, great, positive vibe, and great interaction with the audience.  Stop, in the name of love song will never be the same again after using my hands and gestures.  You really can't ask for anything more from a Vegas act in my opinion.
3	I'd recommend this for a Motown fan, however it did seem to drag towards the end.  The Funk Foundation (the band) can hold their own.  I'd go see those musicians again if they were in another show.  The Aussie quartet was not bad, and theirs is an interesting story; but with all due respect, I think Smokey Robinson could have held auditions and created a show with better performers.
5	Late post.  I've been wanting to see HN for years and finally got to go back in August.  Love, love, loved it!  Beautiful voices, great show, great time!  Highly recommended.
5	The wife and I just got back for Vegas on the red eye this morning.  Surely one of the highlights of our four days was the Human Nature concert.  These guys are really, really good. I was hesitant to buy the tix ... four white guys from Sydney singing motown???  If Smokey's name was not on the production, I don't think I would have given it a shot.  I grew up with motown and am very critical of "covers", but these guys did a great job.  And, maybe even more impressive was their dancing. If your a motown fan, you know what the Temps did for great choreography.  These guys did not miss a beat.  If you love motown, you've got to see this show when in LV.
3	This is a more detailed review since Yelp removed my previous shorter one.  To elaborate, this was an above average show and a solid Mowtown review.  It seemed a little pitchy at times but the performers were still very good.  The audience involvement was fun.  The band was very talented. Could use a little more tech like the singing with Smoky Robinson song.
5	One of the best show I have ever seen.Australian guys singing Motown songs!  They were really good. I had a really fun time watching them.
5	We got in really early and viewed the entire auditorium.  Videos of Motown's artists were playing on round before the show started.  When the show began, I did not know what to expect.  When four white guys with heavy Australian accents started singing Motown hits with no accent in their singing voices came out, I was blown away!!They sang my favorite hits as well as amazed me with their ability to sync together with perfect harmony.  I can see why Smokey Robinson promotes these guys.  They even sing with Smokey as one of their acts!  They were also interactive with the crowd and even shook my hand while they were singing and walking through the crowd.  The choreography even matched the songs of the past.  I was thrilled with their performance.  If you love music from back in the day before the use of technology to alter voices (as they do now...), I highly recommend seeing this show.  Prepare to get out of your seat and dance with fellow people in the crowd while the spirit of Motown is all around you!
5	We've been to Jersey Boys (excellent) Million Dollar Quartet (excellent) and most recently Human Nature.  If you like good music and you like Motown then this is the place for you.  These fellows are quite talented in singing and dancing and just explode with pure energy.  I was exhausted just watching them.I would forego all the fancy shows on the Strip and make this show a must, you won't be disappointed.
4	These guys are talented energetic fun engaged with audience and have a real passion for Motown. You have to like Motown to enjoy this show. My parents (65,67yo) and son (7yo) loved the show and danced. I admired the group's passion and talent. There was a 50% discount for military. One of the few in Vegas to still give this type of discount. Thank you for that.
4	Got to go to Human Nature's 1,000th show this past Saturday and I was pretty impressed. Not every day you get to see four white guys from Australia belt out some of the finest Motown records. These guys can certainly sing. Some songs they performed were better than others. This show was extra special being the 1000th one and they had Smokey Robinson come out to perform with them... AWESOME!All in all... definitely recommend checking out the show if you are a Motown fan. They put on a heck of a show and are some very talented dudes.
3	I've been wanting to see this show for awhile ever since it was at The Quad/Imperial Palace so I did set my standards pretty high.  Also I'm from Michigan so I am very familiar with Motown, and Boyz II Men @ The Mirage dedicates a portion of their show to Motown as well.That being said it was a good show, however it did not knock my socks off.  The group was well dressed and in-tune with a great band, but the way they went about singing a few of the songs was not to my liking.  Perhaps this is because they don't want to copy and sound like Smokey Robinson or other Motown groups (which is what Jersey Boys does with the 4 Seasons) so I respect that.  The highlight of the show was whenever they sang acapella, as they have a wonderful harmony.  It's a small show room meaning you can't really have a bad seat, but it does make the acoustics sort of stuffy.  At the end the group does sprint out to the lobby to sign autographs and if you Check-In using Yelp! you can recieve a program for free.
5	This show was by far one of the best live performances I've ever seen in my life! I grew up loving Motown so when I saw an ad for this show, I was intrigued. These guys nailed it in terms of performing all the greats from the Temptations, Four Tops, Jackson Five, Smokey Robinson just to name a few. With perfect harmonies and brilliant back-up from their incredibly talented band, they had the whole place rocking from start to finish. I highly recommend this show to anyone who loves Motown. If you don't love Motown, I guarantee you'll like it a lot more after seeing this show. Wish I could see it again tonight, seriously.
4	Four white men from Australia singing Motown?  Really?  The theater is small, so there are no bad seats in the house.  However, their sound system needs to be updated.  They sound amazing if singing a cappella, but if accompanied by music, the sound is horrible.  Luckily, they sang more without the music than with.  I especially enjoyed the stories they told of growing up in Australia.  Very entertaining.
5	Human Nature is one of my all-time favorite shows in Las Vegas.  The performers consistently put out 150 percent to entertain the audience and pay homage to the outstanding legacy of Motown music.  Growing up listening to classic songs from the 50's, 60's & 70's, I have very high standards for entertainment, and living in Las Vegas for the past 20 years plus, we have seen many incredible entertainers. Whenever we have friends in town, Human Nature is one of the top shows that we recommend. Each time that we have attended the show with local or out of town guests, they have thoroughly enjoyed the performance.  I hope that this show continues for many years in the future.
4	They are living proof that music has no color.
5	My friends and I saw this show last week and I thought it was thoroughly entertaining.  They sang many classics and added a personal touch by including  their love of singing Motown as teenagers.  It was a great show.
5	As Vegas locals we try to get out and see all the shows.  Very enjoyable show in the Vegas lounge/small theater tradition.  Smokey's "Boys" really work hard to please and the band is great.
4	The show started off a bit slow and I was worried that my friend and I were in for 90 minutes of ho-hum Motown songs, but after the 2nd song or so the group really picked up the energy and I couldn't stop smiling, bopping in my seat, and singing along. The gentleman shared stories throughout the performance, chatted with the audience, and even hung out in the lobby afterward to sign CDs and take pictures. I would highly recommend Human Nature's show to anyone who enjoys classic Motown!
5	THE BEST SHOW i've seen in vegas!!! those 4 guys are sensationally talented & if your a motown lover like me then this show is A MUST SEE!! from there dancing to the comedy to singing of course i enjoyed every minute & didnt want it to end!! if i could give this show A MILLION STARS i would! love love loved every moment!
5	Outstanding singers; Wonderful, High-energy show!Good, intimate venue for this kind of concert.I took my 76-year old parents for their 54th Wedding anniversary. They weren't sure that they were going to be into a "Motown" show. But by the end, they were singing along and dancing - just like everyone else. It's not just the music - but the "show", and the way that the guys engage the audience is a blast.I'm a pro musician, and just on a professional level, I have to give these guys the highest props for consistency and commitment. I've seen the show three times over four years. While some shows get sloppy with time;  if anything, this one is better and tighter now than it's ever been. The Motown sound is not everybody's thing. If you're a DJ-loving, Nightclubbing, EDC, EDM, type - you might not get it. If you love Soul, R&B, a little bit of James Brown FUNK, and most of all - great songs sung well - you'll love it. My only minor complaint is that the sound mix was a little high-end, and overly favored the (also awesome) band at some points. I wanna hear those voices! My favorite moments were the a capella pieces - "People Get Ready" and "Oo, Baby Baby". Truly Stellar.
5	Wow! what a show! excellent in every way! All seats are great plus the song chosen are still in my head! They know how to dance and the passion these guys have is shown! It's a not to be missed show while you are in town!I am very pleased at the performance and the seating! The story of these 4 are incredible and you can't help but fall in love with them! Must see show!
5	Fantastic show! Best show in Vegas!!!!!! Loved it! They deserve every standing ovation they get. The crowd loved it. I could see their show every night!!!!
5	They're now performing at the Venetian.   The venue is 100 times better than when they were at the Imperial Palace.  This venue has no tables.  Strictly theater seating.  I thought Human Nature was great before but it's been a couple of years now, and I enjoyed this recent show much more.   A very polished show and very high energy. Plus if you checked in on Yelp, you can collect a souvenir after the show.  I forgot.
5	Have known of these guys in Australia for over 20 years and thought of them as a daggy group that your mum would like and we went into this as a bit of a joke. Complete surprise for me was that not only was it good, but it was great. Obviously scripted to the max, they still look like they are genuinely happy to be on stage performing. I would happily recommend this show to anyone and I will be Telling Everybody about it.
5	Im not a Mo-Town fan but I LOVED this show.TOTALLY AWESOME.I also don't "dance in the aisles" but, you guessed it, I was up and "dancing" by the very end.A VEGAS MUST!!!!
