5	I was raised in this church, it continues to become a greater outreach to the community and the church itself. Great place to grow! Service times below:Saturdays 6:00 PM WorshipSundays9:30 AM Worship10:40 AM The Big Deal (for K-Grade 5 and their families)11:15 AM Worship12:20 PM The Big Deal (for K-Grade 5 and their families)
5	Awesome church full of the spirit of God!
5	Forest Hill Church (FHC) is by far my preferred church...I have visited many churches through the years, more-so in the past decade since moving to the Charlotte region.  With the movement of non-denomination, I felt more at home and comfortable.  I tried several in Charlotte and FHC ended up becoming home.  David Chadwick is a fantastic teacher and pastor.  He's a great man and truly a man of God.  He'll often say, "you may not like everything I teach, but I'm called to teach the word and it's in the book."  I have found that many churches want you to feel comfortable and avoid the more sensitive teachings but I find it important to be challenged and am thankful for the teachings.  My bride and I utilized their marriage counseling as well prior to marriage and it was fantastic.
5	Great place of community's and fellowship. Incredibly well organized for such a large congregation. Being part of a small "Life Group" makes the experience more intimate. You will be cared for here.
5	I love my church. My wife and I have recently become members after a few months of consistent attendance. Our community of friends are associated with Forest Hill through our life group and we will be co-leading a new life group in a few weeks, something we are very excited about. When it comes to elements of value, the teaching is gospel-focused, intentionally grounded in the bible, and completely God-centered. The worship is reverent, fun, talented, and God-focused. There is a real sense of love for God and a desire for authentic community. Two things my wife and I must have in our choice of a local spiritual family. If you are curious about faith and want to learn more about the truth Christianity claims, Forest Hill is a great place to start that journey.
5	I love this church b/c the pastor is biblically accurate and the worship is very moving and that God is moving in this church. Life groups are awesome and the people are very friendly. God has his hand on this church and seeing it grow the way it has in the past few years is the reason that God has blessed this church.
