4	I've stayed at the Fairfield Inn and Suites on Independence Blvd in Charlotte/Matthews on a few occasions and have always had an enjoyable and restful stay. Like most Marriott properties this location is clean, well maintained and staffed by friendly and courteous people. This location is pretty new (in fact, I had to add it to Yelp!) so it's still in fantastic shape. When you look at the alternatives in a 3-5 mile radius, this is by far the nicest option available - even compared to the Courtyard further down Independence. The rooms are always quiet and are very clean; beds are comfortable and the climate control units are pretty quiet. If you're feeling like splurging the king jacuzzi suites are pretty fantastic and the jacuzzi looks like it's actually cleaned properly. Breakfast is what you would expect from a Marriott.This location sits back off of Independence a bit, so it gets less road noise than you might expect given it's location. It's accessible from either Independence or from Sardis Rd if you turn into the Chili's lot and drive behind the restaurant.I live here in Charlotte, but my wife and I frequently take date a night out while the grandparents watch the kids, or we take "personal recovery days" away and each spend a night out relaxing. This is our new go-to spot after trying many of the other Marriott properties in Charlotte. It's close to home, close to dining and is extremely clean.Only downside is that, like with most Marriott properties, the Market is extremely overpriced and there aren't a lot of alternatives in the nearby area for finding a snack or a beverage. Sure, you can go to the restaurant, but if you want a drink in your room, be prepared for the exorbitant cost of the Marriott Market.
4	Nice Fairfield. Even nicer staff. Jamie is awesome!
4	Hotel is pretty fresh and clean.  Free wifi in room and in the lobby. Can't ask for much more as a business traveler.
4	I stayed at Fairfield Inn & Suites with family while visiting in Charlotte. This was my first time staying at a Fairfield Inn hotel. The front staff was polite and professional during check in. Our rooms were clean and spacious for the price. There was a small pool for guest. Continental breakfast was severed in the morning. Chain restaurants were located near the hotel. I had a pleasant stay at this location.Two thumbs up!
3	Functional, new and clean -- if a bit pricey at the $109 rate we booked in at the middle of the week.Rooms were modern and well furnished if not exactly spacious as is the trend these days, and maid service was quick and complete, always an unknown in these properties. Breakfast was a meh at best, but better than nothing. Expect coffee and yogurt and you'll do fine.Walls a bit thin -- pack a noise machine/app. Unless you enjoy listening to your amorous neighbors have a 5am go. If so, $109 might be a bargain for you.
