4	The Magnum isn't on the main strip of bars and restaurants, so you have to know about it, and a lot of faithful and local regulars do. It's been here since 1981, so it's a bar of the 80s, which automatically makes it cool of course. It was the fairy lights around the big arched windows that lured me in, as twinkling fairy lights always do, and there's definitely a bit of something romantic going on here, so if you staring into each other's eyes and being lovestruck is your thing, then this is a good place to do it.Aside from loved up dining and drinking, The Magnum is also really nice for a just a drink and a banter with friends. The bar has a really friendly feel to it, classy but laidback, and you do feel a bit like you're part of a cool, New Town gang of some kind (they accept me for who I am, etc, sob). They have a really tasty, pretty classic Scottish food menu, and a separate restaurant area for food eating activities. Very decent.
4	I so wish I'd come here when I still live in the neighborhood.  If I'd known then what I know now, I would have quickly become a regular.  After a fantastic meal down the road at Locanda de Gusti, The Man and I stopped in here for a drink.  It is a warm and inviting pub, but is not what I would call an "Old Man" pub.  They had some unusual beers on tap, but I was mostly drawn in by the friendliness of the staff and not-crowded conditions which are hard to find on a Saturday night.The only down side is the atmosphere.  By the end of our second drink not only was the bar not-crowded, it was nearly empty.  Maybe it does most of its trade earlier in the evening but I would have loved to have stayed here longer if I hadn't been looking for a bit more of an upbeat vibe.
2	**Kitchen not open till 5pm.**This is one of the several placed we tried to get food from between 3pm and 5pm ON A SATURDAY.We went down the list of several places on Yelp, walking all over the area, and found that businesses close their kitchens in the middle of the day on a Saturday.  That's crazy talk where we come from. Crazy talk I tell ya. *shakes fist like an old grandpa*We sat for a bit and enjoyed a tiny whisky, a tiny coke, and a small bag of crisps for waaaaay toooooo much money for the size - while looking for other places that had food RIGHT NOW. We were  hungry dangit!The plus side?  The bartender was the most friendly service person we've run into outside of Starbucks in the tourist area.
5	Visited The Magnum while in town for business and then holiday. The suggestion came from friends who live in the neighborhood and frequent The Magnum. We could not have been happier. The salmon cake starter was perfectly cooked and came with a tangy chili sauce. My husband had the venison and was delighted. You know a chef knows what he's doing when he cooks venison so that it is tender and juicy - bad venison is really BAD. The red cabbage and blood pudding were perfect accompaniments.I had a good ol ribeye and was not disappointed. The meat was tender, cooked perfectly medium rare and the sides included lovely roasted potatoes and tomatoes. The meat and veg were both incredibly fresh and full of flavor.Reservations recommended - the restaurant is not large and the bar can definitely get packed on the weekend. But the staff is unbelievably helpful and gracious and friendly. Wish we lived closer!
