4	One of the more authentic ethnic restaurants in Madison. Solid Vietnamese fair including the usual pho and entree options. While not quite on the level of a west coast establishment, still really good and worth going for lunch, dinner or carry out.
3	If you're Hmong and you had a rough night of drinking you do not even need to call your friends to know that everyone will rendevouz here the next late afternoon to nurse those hangovers with a steaming bowl of pho (#14 large which includes everything from tripe to tendon, meatballs, and beef flank).  If you're not Hmong and you're not Asian you might not be able to tell that this is only mediocre Vietnamese cuisine.  If you're Asian and you eat here, you are probably an international student and you eat your pho with a lot of fish sauce.  Bascially, the only safe thing on the menu here is the pho.  That and Lao Beer.
4	I went there with a bunch of buddies because they couldn't believe I've never had pho before. I got the number 19 which has everything in it. I absolutely loved it. They have good eggrolls and spring rolls. Good waitstaff along with clean atmosphere.
4	I love this place and have been eating here, going on my 5th year now. I'll write more about this place later. I'm a busy grad student, what can I say. The management has done a fine job of being consistent in quality.I usually order the beef delux pho noodle dish, or the bbq lemongrass beef with cold vermicelli noodles and fish sauce on the side.Their springrolls are also tasty.I've also had their chow fun (it might be labeled something else on the website) and it was good, slightly oily, but that could have been just that one time.
4	We didn't really go in with any expectations; but the food was really good! The egg rolls were excellent and the pho was satisfying. For entrees, we had the combination fried rice and vegetable stir-fy, both of which were solid 4 stars!I would definitely go here again....btw, given the food quality and decent ambiance, the prices are pretty cheap, I think.
4	I eat here a lot.  For Madison and the Midwest, this is very decent Vietnamese food.  I give it a 4 - not because it's bad or the place is dirty or the service is terrible (because none of that is true) - but because I am aware that there are better parts of the country where there is better (and cheaper) Vietnamese food.  (I also rarely give out 5's, and actually have yet to do so).Here are the reasons I like eating here:- it's decently priced (large bowl of pho is about $6.75)- the pho is delicious (great broth base)- the wait staff are friendly (and after coming here so much they tend to know me and what I usually like to get)- the restaurant is clean and well-maintainedI highly recommend Saigon Noodles.  Good authentic ethnic food in Madison.
3	My recent fresh spring roll craving was fully satisfied. Thank Saigon Noodles for existing in Madison. For entree, I ordered stir fried rice noodles with beef in their "house sauce" - ok, the sauce was just Hoisin sauce and not much of anything else. My friend's pho tasted pretty good except the noodles was slightly over cooked. Overall, not a bad place to come for a quick Vietnamese fix. Sorry for the bland review, but it was one those places. Except, of course, the spring roll.
4	We just moved here from Shanghai & Siagon Noodles has been a terrific find! We went in with no expectations & came out as fans - the service is great, the food really good (tried pho & spring rolls) .... all in, I have to believe this is the best place to go, if you're in the mood for a steaming hot bowl of noodles!
4	Accuracy: 10/10Taste: 8/10Consistency: 9/10Service: 9/10Ambiance: 6:10Overall: 8/10Spring rolls and Pho are some of the best I've had in the Midwest.
3	I arrived at eleven just as the place was opening. There was a line of people to get in, which was reassuring. The fact that I think I was the only caucasian person was also reassuring. The server/host was friendly, though maybe a little overworked. I ordered the vegetables with garlic sauce and was left unimpressed. I paid 8 dollars for what seemed to be simply a plate of slightly steamed vegetables with a tad bit of sauce. Nothing terrible about my dish, but I think next time I patronize Saigon Noodles I will order something that's not on the last page of the menu. :)
4	Honestly I've never eaten anything here other than spring rolls, pho, and occasional sips of my girlfriend's vegetable soup.  And that is ok, because I loves me some pho.  Pho pho pho.  Best with extra srirachi and chili slices so my eyes water and nose runs.  To the uninitiated: order the spring rolls and pick a pho (and you may want to steer clear of the tripe & tendon on your first try just in case), have a beer if you like, and go to town.
4	Spotted it on strip-mall-lane while hunting for tucker, and it absolutely hit the spot.  I'm not a great pho fan, because I don't like all the liquid, so got the most expensive thing on the menu (at $10.50) ,  the "combination with crispy egg noodles" and was delighted.  Although crispy noodles can be plain and crunchy, these were thin  and fine enough to slowly melt into the "special sauce" , pleasantly changing the texture of the meal over time - - but the real joy was the range of seafood, mushroom, veggie, and pork slices that turned it into a delicate feast.  In particular, the slabs of pork were incredibly savory and succulent - - something you don't expect.  The meal was like a "best of" platter of asian delights and accents arrayed in pleasant variety, in sight and flavor.  A very satisfying, well conceived, and well prepared surprise.  Next time I go (and it will be soon) I'm trying the seafood vermicelli combination.
3	While their food is decent (albeit flavors aren't as intense as I'd like), their food is not what I'd term a good value.  I bought 5 grilled pork sandwiches and asked for extra grilled pork.  That request jacked-up an already pricey $4.25 sandwich to....gasp.....$3.25!!!!  Certainly I should have been more clear on that but caveat emptor.  The big shocker, though, was that the additional meat was a few extra small pieces.  And I do mean a "few".  Unfortunately Saigon Noodle is the only game in town when it comes to Vietnamese cooking but don't forget to bring a good sized wallet.  You're gonna need it.
3	This is the only place I've found in Madison to get banh mi.  They're not as good as the banh mi I've had in California or Northern Virginia, but definitely good enough to satisfy the craving, and the main reason I come here.  The dinner menu is heavy on noodles and pho; it's perfectly satisfying but nothing special.  I've found the service to be strangely slow, even when the restaurant isn't full.
5	I love this restaurant on two levels:1 - I'm used to getting pho in Cupertino at the all-Vietnamese strip malls.  Saigon Noodles would fit right in.  They might not have two pages of pho combinations, but really, I don't think the clientele would go for some of the funky junk they put in there, anyway.  It's all about the broth and they've got good broth.2 - My dad goes here a LOT, like, the owner knows him by name.  My dad is older than dirt, uses a walker and needs a lot of TLC.  She gives it to him every time.  He's treated with respect and care and for that, she gets 10 stars!
4	Decent and cheap. I don't like pho or the noodle bowls (not a knock on the establishment, just my personal taste), so I always get a rice dish. It's all very simple and light: plain rice dish with a bit of heavily seasoned meat and some veggies, but I always enjoy it. The pickled radishes (I think) are tasty too.
4	Saigon is an amazing places for noodles and such. The food is amazing, lots of it, and always under $10 a dish.The restrarant is very busy, so you maybe standing around for awhile during the lunch hour so come early.Service is slow, but friendly. The food is worth the wait. Average time from order to in front of you is 20-30 minutes, but, once again, totally worth it.
4	As someone who has been trying a lot of Vietnamese restaurant in North America, I would say that Saigon Noodle's Pho is relatively comparable to all other good restaurants out there, and certainly the best in Madison.I've had better ones, thus the four stars but I still come and eat here often whenever I crave for a hot, delicious pho. I always get the one with everything in it (no. 19?) but if you are a beginner, I would suggest trying the pho with some beef steak (ask them to make it well done), flank steak, or the meatball. Not a pho fan? You can always come here for the rice or rice-noodle dishes (my fave is the one with grilled chicken and spring roll). Not feeling hungry enough? Try to super yummy Viet spring rolls with peanut sauce (non-fried, with shrimp and beef slices inside).
4	Saigon Noodles, take me away!I'll drive across town and wait in line, just to tuck in to a nice, cozy bowl of #14 pho tai nam. You've helped contribute to the cure of more than one cold since I've moved to town, thanks to your fresh jalapenos and chili-laden condiments. Yes, you're on the Westside (which, for some reason, no one wants to drive to) and yes, you're in a strip mall. So what? Whether it's a hangover or a sinus infection, you pick me up and set me straight.Besides pho, I'm a big phan of your spring rolls ($3.50) and your bahn mi sandwiches aren't too shabby, either! Maybe you don't have the pretty decor and mood lighting of Ha Long Bay on the Eastside, but you're fast, delicious, and always there for me--except on Mondays when you're closed, which I've fallen victim to on more than one occasion! Pay attention to the time, because they have this funky mid-afternoon closing time Tuesdays - Thursdays between 2:30 p.m. and 4:00 p.m.
4	This restaurant definitely has the best pho in Madison! I used to live in San Francisco, home of the beat pho this side of the Pacific. And although this restaurant may not use as much fish sauce as the restaurants on the west coast, they still serve decent pho.I always feel awful for the people that own the restaurant next door, though (Nifty Fifties). There's always a line out the door at Saigon Noodle, but Nifty Fifties is always bone dead!
4	The soup noodles are awesome but the Fried Rice Comb is also great too!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	Excellent food and very good prices. Hours aren't great so make sure they're open before you go.... but if get there and they are closed DO NOT go to the Thai place just the west.
3	Pro: It's has the best Pho in Madison. The food is decent.Con:  Seating is limited. Every time we go, there's always a wait for seating.  We've made reservations before but they've given up our seats even if we were on time. Service is ok - our drinks aren't always filled. I love their banh mi (Vietnamese sandwiches).  The vermicelli noodle salads are fresh but the nuoc cham (dipping sauce) are flavor-less.I will return for the Pho and banh mi even if it means waiting in line. There aren't any other Vietnamese restaurants in the area.
4	This is our go-to restaurant when we want to eat out.  It has seen me through two pregnancies and the pho and spring roll cravings, our kids love eating there, and we have never been disappointed.The food is consistently high in quality and flavor.  Both my husband and I love the spring rolls, pho, and bun noodle bowls.  My kids enjoy everything they've had there (which is quite a variety) and my 3 year old loves the pho the best.  I have eaten at easily 20 different Vietnamese restaurants and this is in my top two.  Sometimes the service is gruff, and they are slow with carry-outs.
4	I have yet to have anything here I haven't liked. I have an addiction for their vermicelli bowl "bun". Make sure you get it with the egg rolls. I'm typically not a fan of egg rolls in general but there is something right about the vermicelli, the vegetables, sprouts and house sauce that give the dish great flavor, texture and soul that I cannot get enough of. The seating is limited and the service is hit or miss but please don't let that keep you away!
4	i come from an area in southern california where theres lots of good asian food and was very excited to find that there was a vietnamese store here...its ok because theres no competition, the noodle portion is too small for the price and the egg rolls are not that good but since theres no alternative... they get a 4
4	I've had better Vietnamese but not in Madison.  I've seen more people-of-Asian-descent eating here than I knew there were people-of-Asian-descent living in Madison.  That says something about the place.  Pho was good.  Spring rolls were good.  Bahn Mi was good (take out only and $3.75!!). Friendly, clean.  I'll be back.
4	The veggie egg rolls were wonderful!  I had the Asian noodle fish soup...delicious...
5	If you are looking for authentic Vietnamese in Madison, Saigon Noodle is the place to go. Their pho and bun bo hue (weekends only) are authentic. I recommend their summer roll for an appetizer, and then the pho.  I also like their fried rice; I found it really tasty.  Prices are good, place is clean enough.Not all their dishes are on the mark. Their rice dishes are so-so, since they don't have com tam and use plain rice. The bun is nice, but the pork they use is not quite what I'm use to. They also have Vietnamese sandwiches, but again it is okay.  Oh, and one thing for vegetarians: if you get the vegetarian bun, do not use the sauce that comes with it because it's just good ol' Vietnamese fish sauce!But even with these side remarks, what keeps me going back there though is still their well made bowl of pho or the bun bo hue. I'm telling you it is like crack.
4	A clean pho place? Unheard of! I always love hole in the wall sort of places because I'm a firm believer that the dirt and grime makes your food that much tastier. (At least that's how it is in Asia - street vendor food is out of this world). But yes, this spic and span joint on the west side is definitely the place in Madison to go for Vietnamese beef noodle soup (pho). Their bun bo hue and spring rolls are also a fave of mine. This is asian comfort food at its best in Wisconsin.Those from larger cities might balk at the price, but it's cheap for around these parts (~$6 for a hearty bowl of soup noodles-).
4	We tried this place based upon the good reviews we saw here at Yelp and were not disappointed.  It is quite nice inside.  Neat, clean and orderly and not overly fancy.   I found it quite comfortable.The staff was very pleasant and helpful and took time to communicate a few things about our meal.I felt the portion of protein was a little small on one of our dishes but the flavors were subtle and quite good.  We were very please with our first visit and will be back.Thanks Saigon Noodle!
4	Love, love LOVE this place. Down to earth, friendly staff, good flavors and reasonable prices. We have not worked through much of the substantial menu yet, but the pho and many of the rice-based offerings are solid.
5	Nothing beats a bowl of hot pho with beef and steak on a cold winter afternoon.  I have been to this place more than 20 times.  And the bill has never been over 12 bucks per person for a meal and beverage.
5	Good food, good service, you'd be crazy not to try it.
5	I always get the pho and the spring rolls.  I've been there several times and have yet to venture to a different part of the menu because my usual order is just that good.  The best spring rolls around, and the food is pretty affordable as well compared to the other ethnic food places in the area.
5	I love this place and go as often as possible.  #12 is my favorite!  Get here early!  My husband and I arrived at 11:15am once and saw they weren't open until 11:30am so we just walked across the street, bought something, came back at 11:37 and there were only two tables open!  The line was out the door by the time we left.  If it's super busy and you don't want to wait for your check, just go up to the counter, tell her what you had and pay.  And if the restaurant is reading this...please open earlier, as pho is the best breakfast!
5	The Pho is amazing, and that's what I usually get.  Ordered the Vietnamese crepe and it was weird and I didn't much care for it, but it's probably just a matter of taste, plus I think I was expecting an actual crepe and that was definitely not it... But did I mention amazing Pho?!
5	I LOVE this place and my #16. I can feel comfortable dining alone or with others in a friendly, casual atmosphere. There is an occasional line (confirmation of good food) but the wait is never that long. I have been to this restaurant at least 20 times and have never been disappointed.
4	For about $18 (with tip), I got Pho, a banh mi, and spring rolls. I waited quite a while for my order, but the food was made to order, so fresh and so delicious. The broth for the Pho was complex and perfectly spiced. The banh mi was fairly large compared to what I've had before, and the spring rolls were fresh and vibrant. Overall, a great meal. The place is obviously popular since it was packed, with people waiting for seats and for takeout.
5	Great Pho, and other dishes.  I cant make any claims about how this is the best in the midwest or just like in Vietnam, but it is seriously good food.  Also, the place has many asians eating there, so i trust they no something about good Pho.  I wll say there is a Wide selection of Pho, including with all the "interesting" bits. On saturdays they make Spice Beef Pho -  Nice and spicy and worth a stop for just thatIf you like Pho, or   just like great food at a low price - this is the place
4	I had the "Saigon Deluxe" Pho, with all the goodies in it, and the chicken skewers. The broth was an amber color coming out, which wasn't normal for me, because when I lived in Wausau, the broth was clear, but you had beef paste on the table to add to it. I think they just added the paste for you already. Perhaps the difference was in the fact that Pho was sold from Hmong restaurants vs Saigon being Vietnamese. It wasn't a big deal, as it was very delicious.Only 2 downfalls which caused me to rate it 4 stars. First, their hours are confusing, and sometimes they are gone for weeks at a time. Second, is that I'm not a tea or coffee drinker. I generally drink a clear soda, but there were no refills. It was $1.25 for a can of soda and a glass of ice. I highly suggest a fountain machine, because not only will it knock your soda costs down, your patrons will appreciate the refills.
4	A decent place for Vietnamese foods in Madison. I love the pho, bun bo (spicy noodles that they only have during weekend), che 3 mau (tri-color dessert) and everything here. The price is reasonable too.My only complain is the location, pretty far away from downtown.Of course you can have better Vietnamese food in Chicago but this seem to be the only Vietnamese restaurant in Madison. There's another one near Regent and it's not really a Vietnamese place. The pho over there is not even acceptable.
5	Was very skeptical especially considering I'm in Wisconsin!  Thought I'd give it a try despite it being really out of the way to my destination.  But the restaurant name was funny so I went for it.  No lie...best pho I've had from here to LA.  Normally I need to doctor it up quite a bit but it was good untouched.  I did however mess with it because I needed my lime sriracha and fish sauce fix ;)
5	Excellent Vietnamese food! Not the usual heavy americanized Chinese food from happy wok. Fresh, well prepared, good service, and absolutely delicious.
4	Their spring rolls are the best, very very fresh tasting and the sauce that come with them is insanely good.  I tried their Wonton soup at the waitress suggestion and it was also very nice.  The broth was very tasty and the dumplings themselves were also great, not too salty.  I've not eaten my entire Deluxe Noodles yet (with Rice noodles) as the soup was a bit heavier than I bargained for but I can say that from eating about half of it that it's superb.  It's filled with various meats, shrimp, seafood and plenty of large, flat rice noodles.This is a great place to go to get a bit different Asian cuisine, one that's much healthier than 99% of the Chinese and Japanese places you will find out and about.  I like Vietnamese because they don't fry everything like the other Asian places tend to.  Very highly recommended.  I only rated 4 stars instead of 5 as they weren't quite as great as a place I used to frequent in Richmond, VA but then again few restaurants are as good as that place.
3	In Portland, OR there's pho everywhere and we would visit our local family run joint weekly for a big, steamy bowl of Asian spiced deliciousness. The Yelp crowd (such as it is) in Madison calls this one of the top two. On a cold, rainy March afternoon, S.U. and I headed out Odana road to give Midwest pho a try.Saigon Noodle is well attended on a Saturday at lunch time. We slipped in without a wait but within a few minutes they were full. We ordered egg rolls and pho. The egg rolls were excellent. Lots of meat, not much filler. The pho (reasonably-priced at under $7) smelled good. A little heavy on the star anise and a little weak on the beef flavor. Still, once we doctored it up with the usual basil, Sriracha, etc. it did start to ease our ache and longing for the Big Bowl. We'll come back and try a Bun noodle bowl soon.We have one or two more places to try before we settle in on a favorite. Not pho lack of trying.
4	Saigon Noodle has the best pho in Madison, hands down, especially when you talk about value to amount of tasty food. It is usually packed on the weekends but the service is quick and the food is worth the wait. If you don't need the wait, come on a weekday or Sunday night.
4	Having frequented too many Vietnamese restaurants on both coasts, I've enjoyed my share of pho and other items.  Thus, Saigon Noodle is being compared to all the Vietnamese joints I've been to.  I have to admit, before I first tried Saignon Noodle, I was definitely skeptical.  Being located in Madison, I thought that there was no way in hell the food could compare to dives I've been to in Little Saigon in the OC or in the San Gabriel Valley.  I was pleasantly surprised on my first visit to the restaurant.  The food was better than many of the places I've frequented in the locations listed above.  Their menu is pretty extensive, offering items from pho to fried rice to vermacelli dishes.  I prefer the broth of my pho to be a little more on the richer/fattier side, but Saigon Noodle serves a damn good bowl (blows Nam Noodles on Regent away).  Pho's always my dine in dish, while the vermacelli with pork and a spring roll is usually my take-out dish of choice.  I still need to try one of their Vietnamese sandwiches, which are only available as a take-out.  Meals are of great value, and the family that owns the business are super people.   The place can get super crowded, so be prepared to wait if you go during peak lunch and dinner hours.  Honestly, I can say that Saigon Noodle is my favorite place to eat in Madison, taking into consideration taste, value, and overall satisfaction.
5	So good. I have eaten here repeatedly and the food and service are consistent. Quick and inexpensive.
4	They've been mentioned in other reviews, but, seriously, holy cow -- the spring rolls!! Two full jumbo shrimp are rolled up with a bunch of other good stuff, and the sauce they bring out with the spring rolls is just incredible. I was literally eating the spring roll sauce with my spoon!For her meal, the fiancee got the bun yum, and really liked it. I got the steak and rice, which was OK, though pretty boring. Luckily, they brought out some of that magical neon-orange sweet & spicy sauce that makes everything taste better, and then my meal was good. Neon-orange sauce notwithstanding, I'll order something different next time we go (yes, we'll definitely go again).
4	Every time I go to Verona for training, I just go to this restaurant to have dinner, no surprises, authentic enough. you can't expect much in that part of the country. For an Asian like me, they are good, good noodles and good rices,  good rolls.
2	Pho was okay. Authentic enough for my oh-so-discerning-pho-palate. Sense the sarcasm? But in all honesty, the pho was not at all bad for the midwest. Typical menu items. Decent soup base. The noodles were a little overcooked and clumped at the bottom of my bowl, and the sprouts that came with the pho were a little limp, but overall, nothing too difficult to overlook. Why the two star rating then? Service. We got there at 12:30PM and there was already a healthy cluster of folks waiting at the entrance.  I looked around for a sign-up sheet, but there wasn't one, so I figured the wait must not be too bad. Plus, there were quite a few groups finishing up with their meals.  We'd probably be seated in 10-15 minutes tops, I thought....20 minutes later, I was still watching the same waitress clearing the same table that she had started clearing when we had walked in, and NO ONE from the waiting area had been seated yet. Are you pho'king kidding me?! I had half a mind to wrestle the dishcloth out of her hands and clear the tables myself. As if the whole process wasn't painful enough to watch, each time she finally cleared a table, she'd saunter slowly over to the entrance and ask the crowd: "who's next?" What. Here's a tip for you, Saigon Noodle. Invest in a clipboard, pen, and piece of lined paper. Start a wait list.  I promise you this will make your lives easier and your patrons MUCH happier.Fellow pho lovers, if you don't want to deal with this BS, get there early.
2	The recent renovations are great but has the service gotten worse? It took an hour for us to get our food. The simple pho I ordered had one piece of meat. I was disappointed cause usually this place is great. I hope it was just a bad day.
2	To be honest, I don't get the hype. It's a good place to go if you're REALLY craving pho in Madison (I mean, there really are only two establishments for pho), but their pho is only average. Noodles clump at the bottom of the bowl, broth is not very flavorful--I have to say I prefer Ha Long Bay's pho over Saigon's. The last time I went, a customer was extremely angry over a piece of hair he found in his pho. If you do go, get there early on the weekends to avoid the mass of hungover college students flocking there. And don't get the papaya salad.
4	Pho my foodies out there...listen up!If you want a giant bowl of steamed goodness to warm your belly, Saigon Noodle is the place to go.  For the authenticity seeking vixens, you can get your pho with steak, flank, and soft tendon.  Mmm, soft tendon.  Surprisingly tasty!Eating pho is an experience.  You get your giant bowl of broth which is accompanied by a plate of onion, cilantro, scallion, basil, bean sprouts, lime and chili.  You can truly personalize your bowl by increasing or decreasing your selection of add ins.  Why only 4 stars you ask?  Why young grasshopper, it may be difficult to find a seat.  It's a small establishment, but if you have the self control to wait, it'll be worth it.
5	I can say this place is the best Vietnamese restaurant in Madison area! I had to try a couple of other vietnamese restaurants near Madison during its renovation construction. I realized that I must thank Saigon Noodle for its great food.  Now no longer waiting too much in line with the recent renovation.
5	I don't understand the negative comments earlier posters have made. I've been eating here since the day they opened and have always been very pleased (and now very glad they have doubled in size). Yes, a couple of their waitresses aren't the friendliest but they are always busy and it is not a big deal for me.I used to live in the Vietnamese section of Garland/Richardson, Texas and had 10 Vietnamese restaurants within 4 miles of my house and the Pho, Bun and Spring Rolls here are the equal of anything I had in Texas. My only complaint is I wish the Bun was a little larger.There is a reason they are always busy. When I have friends in from out of town, this is always the restaurant I recommend.
5	Very cheap, awesome food!  The place was also recently reconstructed.  The place looks much classier now than it did a few months ago.  The Pho is the best in town and it's only $7.49 for a regular or $7.99 for the large.  Just get the large!  It comes with bean sprouts, fresh basil, hot jalapenos, and lime.  You can't really go wrong with it.  Make sure you get one with the beef tendon.  The spring rolls are just "okay", the grilled chicken is very good.  It comes with a fishy sweet sauce to dip it in and it's very good.  I love this place, and wish there was one closer to campus.   I don't get to go nearly enough.
3	Service at Saigon Noodle wasn't great the night I went, but the Pho was decent and the one person appetizer sampler was a nice menu option - I really liked the beef skewers and their salad rolls. Dinner plus che ba mau for dessert only ran me $15, so I was pretty impressed by the value. If I'm in the area and feeling like Vietnamese, I'd probably go back, but I wish the servers were better.
5	I love your new look, Saigon Noodle. Since the remodel, I have been to Saigon Noodle no less than five times. It is gorgeous - large, modern, with a hint of mom-and-pop goodness. Facelift aside, the service is much more efficient than before and the menu is still great.The best combination meal that I have come up with so far: Vietnamese spring roll (sans pork) + Grilled shrimp vermicelli bowl + thai iced tea. It will be a sure hit. Trust me. :)
5	Just read the review in the Wisconsin State Journal about this restaurant. Please disregard that review. This is a wonderful restaurant that consistently provides fresh and interesting Vietnamese food. The Flavor of the Pho has depth and character and never fails to please!I have been to this restaurant at least once a week for the last three years and have never had a bad meal.
4	Modern/earth tones with excellent lighting.At first I thought the service was off. Put after leaving realized they closed at 9pm ( thought 10) We arrived at 8:30 and didn't leave till 9:20. Oops our bad. THat being said they gave us time to look over the menu. Checked on us though out. Food came out fast with a good time between getting appetizers and entrees. At they end they were pushy. Thats when I saw no one else in the place and wandered when they closed. They never told us they were closing soon.The Lotus salad was nothing special. On the blah side without drenching it in the house dressing (a mixture of vinegar, fish sauce, sugar & hot pepper).I've never had Pho before. Since hearing good things about this place thought this was a good place to start. Got the Deluxe in the large size. Huge with a good ratio of broth to items in it. Big on flavor but I put a lot of chili sauce in it cause I lot things spicy. Couldn't stop slurping(a sign in other countries that you like it, put considered rude here). It's only the beginning of Pho season. Well see hot Saigon Noodles stands at the end of the season thou.
4	This wonderful restaurant received a baffling unknowledgable review in the Sunday State Journal.  I've been going there for years, love it, and have never taken a friend who didn't love it.  It's packed w/Asians consistently, which speaks to its ethnic excellence.  The vermicelli bowl is scrumptious.  I like reviews and reviewers, but this one was dead wrong.
4	If you're hungry and have a lot of time to kill, then this is the place for you.I'm usually not a stickler when it comes to having to wait for my food, but this is pho for god's sake. You just boil some noodles in some broth. There's no reason why that whole process should take more than 30 minutes, unless there's some secret Asian cooking method that I'm missing. But despite all that, their food is absolutely delicious. Their pho is extremely fresh, and their meat actually differentiable. My favorite part has to be their steaming broth though. Usually I just douse my soup with sriracha until it's red, but this time, the soup was flavorful enough on its own. Oh and they also offer a variety of freshly made smoothies, so be sure to check those out.If it weren't for the slow service, this place would definitely be a 5.
3	Since my last review, Nifty Fifties closed (foreshadowing, perhaps?), and Saigon Noodle expanded into that space. While their pho is still mouthwatering, they shifted the rest of their menu when they expanded.While I wouldn't say anything was bad, most of what we tried (other than the pho) wasn't as authentic as they used to make it. We tasted a definite lack of fish sauce in the papaya salad, and their egg rolls changed. Plus, their Vietnamese crepe was decidedly buttery compared to those I've tried at other Vietnamese restaurants... a flavor that overwhelmed the delicately spiced pork inside the crepe.While it's still the best option for pho in Madison, I'd suggest heading over to Ha Long Bay on WIlly St. if you have a bit more location flexibility for the best full Vietnamese flavor experience.
4	Pho or a vermicelli bowl; both are comfort food, and thankfully, my soul is restored after my visits to Saigon Noodles. The new remodel has really changed the atmosphere, and the food remains outstanding. Just give me more tendon and tripe in my soup.
5	This is one of my FAVORITE west side eats!  I HIGHLY recommend the veggie spring rolls and the number 60 & the number 65 (I think this is it, it is lemongrass chicken with eggroll).  I can't order anything else because I love these!!!
5	One of the best places for noodles in Madison.
4	Vietnamese food that is as good as any you can find in the big cities.  Everythign is fresh and tasty.  They recently renovated and expanded and atmosphere is comfortable, airy and modern.  Always excellent service.  Make sure you try their daily / weekend specials and I actually prefer their rice dishes to their soups.If you are afraid of trying Vietnamese food this is great place to get your feet wet
4	LOVE their new redesign and renovation!! It looks totally different and WAY classier! It does not look like the stereotypical "asian restaurant". I love it when restaurants/stores/companies REINVEST their money into their own businesses because they have pride in their business. This is definitely a company that takes pride in their business.I always see their employees cleaning or shining utensils. I love shiny utensils! Plus they never rush you...even if you come in 20 min before closing. (sorry about that Saigon!)
5	By far my favorite restaurant in Madison. Pho is the best in the city for sure and the redesign makes it look very classy and fresh. Service can be hit and miss unfortunately, sometimes very quick and at times very slow. While it's great to see everyone working hard it is a little distracting and irritating that they wash and clean the silverware out on the floor.Make sure you plan your time to visit- even with the expanded space you can end up waiting a little bit for a seat. Come early and enjoy!!
4	Saigon probably offers the best bang for your buck in terms of affordable and great-tasting Asian food in Madison. It is THE best Vietnamese restaurant (okay, I've only seen two...) in the area.The standard pho noodles and vermicelli bowls are great. The spring rolls and egg rolls are equally delicious. The service is also impeccable. Saigon is a pretty good place to go in groups. Separate checks is never a headache here. Note that they are closed on Mondays and that reservations are not taken. However, even if there are waits at Saigon, they are usually quicker than most restaurants. Tip: Credit card is only allowed when you order $15 worth of food or more.
5	My favorite restaurant EVER! I no longer live in Madison but every time I visit, I make sure that I stop here. The food is too-di- for, the service is always friendly and-- espeicially after their remodel in the last year--the atmosphere is classy but casual. I really can't say enough goo things about this place. Try it, you won't regret it!
4	This is my favorite place for noodles in Madison. I go fairly regularly and always order the beef pho. I've tried to branch out, but the soup is so yummy and crave-wothy I never tire of it. The spring rolls are also super good and very fresh. I prefer the vegetarian as they are loaded with cilantro. I always leave happy and full!The service is great, even when it is busy (which it often is).
5	This place is great! I only wish they had another location closer to downtown. The pho is stellar.
5	Best pho I have found in this area. I am a big eater and the regular size is perfect. I've never been able to finish a large. But then again I always get spring rolls too.  Vietnamese spring rolls are amazing-- love the peanut dipping sauce. This place has always had great food for a great price but now, after their expansion and renovation, I would recommend it to anyone. Service is a bit slow but just sit back and relax... worth the wait.
5	Papaya salad and the Pho is can't miss!  I literally order the exact same thing EVERY time I come here and have been here 25+ times.  A hidden gem, I'd invest in if I could.   This place will not disappoint if you get the papaya salad as a starter (perfect size to share for 2) and the Pho.
2	The review filter thing really helped out Saigon Noodle. I was impressed by the number of one and two star reviews that Yelp removed! My problem with this place isn't the food - it is the SERVICE. It is HORRIBLE. We were seated and waited -20- minutes to even take an order or even order drinks. 20 minutes, I am not kidding. The waittress was plenty nice but wow, 20 minutes. And even when we had our food, not a single check-in with us despite our empty glasses. I'm not sure the point of having a restaurant with GOOD FOOD but absolutely PISS POOR service.
4	Best pho in Madison (granted, there are not too many pho places in Madison). The atmosphere is what you would expect from a vietnamese restaurant: hustle and bustle, no frills. Depending on the time, the service can be slow. But if you like vietnamese food, it is worth giving this place a try.
5	We moved to Madison from Toronto, Canada last winter and I was terrified that we wouldn't be able to find any Vietnamese restaurants, being Vietnamese, it's a legitimate fear! We were so spoiled in Toronto with all kinds of great restaurants and all kinds of great foods to choose from. We found Saigon Noodle on Google and it's less than 5 mins drive from our new home. I was skeptical at first, by experience, there are a lot of restaurants that are not authentic Vietnamese owned and/or fusion. To our excitement and relief, the owner, Anne, is Vietnamese and we get to know each other. Pho is as good as it gets and other dishes are really great, too.  My favorite is spicy beef  soup (Bun Bo Hue - a very popular soup originated from Hue , Viet Nam) served only on the weekend. There are other popular dishes that they don't serve here due to lack of demand, which I ate a lot of in Toronto and really loved. However, for the small Vietnamese population in Madison, we are soooooo happy that Saigon Noodle is here AND very authentic.They recently renovated and it's much bigger, just come before the rush as it looks like everyone in WI come for dinner lol. The service may be slow at times on the weekend but the food is well worth it. We tried 2 other Vietnamese restaurants and by far, this one is the best of all. Do try other wonderful dishes and especially the Vietnamese specialty coffee, you won't be disappointed.
4	This is my new favorite pho place in Madison. The broth is good, and the portions are reasonable. Their vietnamese coffee is premade and does not come with the press on top, but it's still pretty good. The ambiance (lighting, pace, space, and decor) was comfortable and pleasant enough that I commented on it multiple times during dinner. At 6pm on a Sunday, the place was full of couples, families, and friend gatherings, without being over-crowded. It's the only place in Madison that makes the tri-color dessert the way I like it - with lots of jelly and coconut milk, and not too sweet.
4	Into pho now and enjoy Saigon Noodle for that too very much.  The broth is not knock-out on its own - - but add in the meats in the soup and the alchemy that is adding in the condiments, then, by the end, you are planning your next visit.
5	We were in Madison last week and I checked YELP for a Vietnamese restaurant and it turns out Saigon Noodles was just a few blocks from the hotel.   Saturday night parking is tough but I found the last parking spot in the small strip mall lot.  The initial impression was very inviting, the place was busy, clean,and  tastefully decorated. We noticed a lot of diners of Oriental heritage so I knew this was going to be really good!  We were given seating right away.  Like others have reported, it takes a while for the server to come to the table but we weren't in a hurry.  While the server takes the order, various people come out with the food when it's ready.  We ordered an appetizer and chose their "sampler platter for one" and cut the Spring roll and egg roll into 3's.  Wow, I don't normally like Spring rolls because they often taste like grass to me, but this spring roll had three huge shrimp below the wrap, and was absolutely fabulous!  Next time there I will order a large spring roll for myself.  The chicken and pork teriyaki sticks would also excellent.  Wow.  From YELP I learned their specialty is PHO so the three of us ordered PHO's.  I had the chicken pho and it was delightful, tasty, and a joy to eat.  The chicken was more in a pulled form rather than little cubes.  I enjoyed their pulled chicken much better than the often seen chicken cubes.  They have two sizes of pho, regular and large.  I could barely finish the regular size and after seeing the large pho brought to other tables, I couldn't imagine myself eating that much :)  The broth was tasty, the rice noodles superb, and it had a wonderful flavor.  We all enjoyed our Pho's and we all agreed that these were some of the best PHO's we've had.  I am looking forward to coming back again and again when we are in Madison.  The entire dinner was fabulous and I consider myself lucky to have found this place!
3	Interior design is nice. Had the pho and so far this is the best place for pho, except for at home.
4	Really great, affordable Vietnamese restaurant near a mall on the west side of Madison. This whole area seemed like it had some great food finds: Thai, Indian, Mexican, and other little non-chain restaurants.  Saigon noodles is bright, clean, and packed with people.  Service was prompt and attentive. Prices were reasonable, especially considering the quality of the food.  My fiance got the pho with tendon, flank steak, and beef chunks--he loved it.  I got the beef and egg noodles stir fry and it hit the spot.  Condiments to make it spicy were all right on the table.  I also had a nice cold Saigon beer (perfect accompaniment) and we shared both the Vietnamese fried egg rolls and the fresh spring rolls, both of which were well put together and tasty. I will say that I wished my stir fry had a few more vegetables in it (just for variety's sake), but otherwise zero complaints from me about this place. Great for an easy weeknight dinner out, especially if you need to do some mall shopping afterwards!
5	Great bun ("dry bowl"), seems fairly healthy but mostly I like it for the flavorful beef slices.  Also the spring rolls and sauce are great.  Can be a bit loud inside and a line of people at popular dinner times.
4	I am a big PHO fan and you should have it here.But there is a WEEKEND ONLY special which you should also try!! The Vietnamese crepe- Banh Xeo. This is a yellow crepe made with rice flour, coconut milk and turmeric; filled with minced chicken, shrimp, beansprouts and green onions. Served with Lettuce and fresh basil, cilantro and mint.You take a piece of leaf lettuce and place a piece of crepe and filling inside, top with fresh herbs, roll it up, dip in the sauce and eat. It all sort of falls apart and is super messy- but DELISH!!The new design and space is beautiful and clean. A big bench area for people waiting for take-out that does not infringe on dining space.Usually very busy, but the servers seem to keep up well and with energetic efficiency.Beer in bottles only, but that is better than none.
3	Not pricey at all, quality of food is above average while the service seldom sucks! Need more servers and apparently they are sometimes just too busy to take care of everyone.
5	This has become my favorite pho place in Madison! Came here on a Sunday at 2pm and it was PACKED! You know it's good when the place is filled with Asian families. The service was fast and friendly...but we all know we go to these places for the food right?The pho was delicious. The broth was tasty and not too salty. It came with your standard jalapeno peppers, bean sprouts, and cilantro. The large bowl came with extra noodles and was very filling.Huge fan, repeat customer, highly recommend!
4	Saigon Noodles was a recommendation that was from my Fitchburg friend and her husband. I had mentioned that I was a Pho junkie and he was like, I know of a place we know if a place we normally go to. It was also bookmarked in my Yelp tabs too, due to the awesome positive reviews about this place, so I just had to say yes to the proposition. Located in Fitchburg, off the Hwy 12, this restaurant was partially full at 8pm when we came through. The place closed at 9pm daily, so I'm glad that we got in and made it happen.They had private parking, although they probably do share with other businesses in the vicinity. The place was relatively large for a Vietnamese restaurant. It was upscale in a way of its size and decor, but still serving Pho, classic vietnamese dishes, and other delicacies of the region. The service was quick and expedited as normal. The entire process of ordering and food to table was about 10-15 minutes, which was not bad at all. What I liked about this place was the fact that it seemed very inviting and homely, while keeping up that upscale ambiance that works pretty well. I just went for the usual combination Pho, but large and extra noodles, with a side order of spring rolls. The broth of the Pho was ok and good, although it could have been more deeper. The large bowl was pretty big, almost like an XL bowl, if it ever was. The spring rolls came first, which I doused in the chili sauce into the peanut sauce. The spring rolls seem to be chilled in the refrigerator and not freshly hand made. Oh whatever, but I am just picky that way. I ended up being super bloated and full, but it was well worth the effort. The service was good overall. The prices were consistent with other Pho restaurants I have been to, but I do discover that Vietnamese restaurants up here tend to be cheaper than that of ones in Hawaii, where I am located. In some Hawaii spots, pho can go as high as $10 a bowl, which can get crazy! They take visa, MasterCard and of course, cash. Recommended if you are here in this neck of Fitchburg and craving a good bowl of Pho or other classic Vietnamese dishes.Support local!B+
3	Sufficient Vietnamese food for Madison. They serve alvacado smoothies. The woman owner is a little snooty and not great for take-out, therefore, they don't get 4 stars.
3	Man, I'm going to pick on this place more than it deserves.  The spring rolls were great, and the pho was standard fare although the broth was a little weak in terms of beef flavor.  Plenty of noodles and tripe makes me a happy camper.The decor is too modern.  The place is too large.  I guess I'm used to grungy places that serve up the most delicious pho this side of the Pacific.  Large and open space with okay pho I'm less down with.  I was almost uncomfortable slurping my noodles in this environment!.. I guess that's the curse of being in a strip mall.Worth the trip.  As long as you spice the pho up with chilis, sriracha, lime and black pepper, everything is A-OK on a rainy day.
5	So I will start by saying I haven't tried other places in Madison, however..... I've had Pho in many places around the US and Canada. This place ROCKS!!The Pho is absolutely amazing and very tasty. If you like tripe, it is expertly prepared and so tender. I would highly recommend this place to fellow Pho seekers.
5	Love this restaurant and eat here often. Owner is a delightful person. I am a fan of the pho, roasted duck soup and vermicelli bowls. Kids rave about stir fried rice noodle dishes, chicken skewers and spring rolls. Great Vietnamese coffee! Yum.
5	I just moved to Madison and Saigon Noodles was an amazing find. I have been missing my favorite Vietnamese restaurant in Baltimore, and Saigon Noodles made me forget all about it!Every dish tasted remarkably fresh. The pork skin rolls had plenty of fresh mint. For dinner, I ordered the pho bo vien and my friend had the bun bo nuong. Both were delicious. I chose the large bowl ($7.45) because it was only 50 cents more than the regular bowl, not expecting to finish it. I finished off the pho, all of the mung bean sprouts and Thai basil that came with our dinners, and even wanted to drink the broth at the end! Although initially I was excited about the strawberry smoothie with tapioca pearls, it ended up tasting a little chalky. It had fresh fruit in it though, which was a nice touch. Next time I will try the avocado smoothie. Two of us had dinner, drinks, and an appetizer for under $30. What's not to like?
5	I usually come on weekends to have their pancakes only available on weekends. I should say I love this special pancake. As for their pho, I have tried the best pho in Hawaii (they have so many places to have the best pho) so I can't say that their pho meets my standard. It's just okay. I like their new remodeled place. It's now wider and has always been clean.
5	Yes I WILL go back.   Food is stuff you can't get at every other "noodle" place. I  had the Vietnamese Sizzling Crepe. Bonus: The Staff was great with my brat-monkey of a child (for real, I was going to kill him and the staff stopped me)
3	I ordered the deluxe pho which included variety of meats.  I thought the meat portion was a bit skimpy but it tasted good.  I had the summer rolls.  It was not very big and the shrimp to pork ratio was a bit off as well.  I wished they had a couple of more shrimps to make the roll better.
4	Had the Pho with the tripe and the tripe was cooked very well which always bodes well for a Pho establishment.  The clear eggrolls which were also quite delicious.  The service wasn't anything exceptional but the food is quite delicious.  Definitely will go back to try some of their other options.
4	I like the Saigon Noodle a lot, I have tried the #66 (which is my favorite), for those who haven't tried it yet it is a bowl of vermicelli noodles seated on top of a nice refreshing salad with chopped romaine lettuce, cucumbers, Brussels spruts and basil, it has grilled shrimp and crushed peanuts, I love all that combination! I have also had their chk noodle soup and it has a nice flavor except for the fact that the chk it's very chewy, I suspect that after they boil it they pull the end of the meat that it is on the bones and throw it on the soup, if you don't mind that, u can try it. I like the same version of the 66, which is the #42 but with rice instead of the noodles and pickled veggies. The egg rolls are good. Sometimes the grilled shrimp taste like if they were marinated for too long or the noodles are little bit hard to chew. The thing they need to work on its on their customer service, most of the servers don't smile or pay attention to you, besides, whenever you place an order over the phone they say 25 min and when you show up they make you wait for 10-15 more easily and I don't like that at all. I think since they renovate the restaurant their customer service has been worse.
1	Yesterday we wait over 25 min for the food. When we ask the manager she say: I'm taking care of it right away. 10 min later we decided to leave and the manager say: "I don't want to serve you...."  We visit this restaurant many times but they will NOT see us again for long timePS: the restaurant was almost empty
1	don't go!Yesterday we wait over 25 min for the food. When we ask the manager she say: I'm taking care of it right away. 10 min later we decided to leave and the manager say: "I don't want to serve you...." We visit this restaurant many times but they will NOT see us again for long time
5	This is my favorite place for pho. The broth is rich and meaty but clear and clean tasting as well. The soup is full of ingredients and the ala carte sides don't skimp, either. It's pretty common to treat pho like a do-it-yourself meal, so that's helpful.Actually, the experience really drives the place. The location is really beautiful, and the service is really good. That gets especially high marks because the menu is pretty unfamiliar to most here in Madison. I am pretty familiar with pho, but when I ask questions about other things on the menu they don't drop a beat. Example: when I got the crepe the server was very polite in informing me the proper way to eat it. I'd tell you, but it's a nice experience to learn about another culture from someone who cares.Some people like hole-in-the-wall ethnic joints, but I think that game is overplayed. Saigon puts just enough shine on to make themselves look great so they can share their food with you.
4	Authentic Vietnamese entrees. I enjoyed the beef vermicelli dish. Good spot and would recommend. Service was a bit slow though so don't be in a rush.
5	I have been here several times this past summer passing through Madtown and adore this place. Pho is some of the best that I've had. Even out of the places in Chicago. Very cheap. Clean. Staff is very nice and helpful.  Easy parking weird customer base. But oh well.  Family friendly.
5	Best Pho in Madison.  Period.Dont be fooled by the strip mall location.  Ive been going here since they opened.  The were always too busy so they expanded into the neighboring business.  The only downfall of this joint is maybe you could knock it for the ambiance. I for one could care less about what a restaurant looks and feels like. If they can serve up some good grub ill eat anywhere
3	If you're around the area, Saigon Noodles is a safe bet for Pho. Some people love the place, but I'm not the biggest fan. The food is okay; nothing special in my opinion. However, the service is quite fast, and it's a great place for larger groups. The spring rolls are tasty, and they are made in an authentic fashion.The portions are large, so you will not be left hungry. There are other places with better Asian-fare in Madison, but there are also places with pretty bad Asian food, so if you don't know where to go for your Vietnamese fix, Saigon Noodles is a good go-to.
5	I like noodles here very much.
5	I've lived in Northern California for the past 3 years where pho places are a dime a dozen. This place is still my all-time favorite. I come back about once every year and the taste is still like I remembered. Maybe there's a hit of nostalgia here, but at the very least this place is the best you can hope for in a city with a relatively low asian population like Madison. IMO it's at least on par with, if not better than, the best noodle houses I've been to in the Bay Area and Sac. You should feel lucky, Madison.
4	Unlike many women, I don't really like shopping....that's why I was so happy to discover that Saigon Noodles is practically next door to West Towne Mall!  Food really motivates me so I won't mind shopping and grabbing some pho this winter.  Saigon Noodles is clean, nicely decorated, has a great menu, and their pho is pretty great.  I was disappointed that the difference in price between regular and large pho is pretty crazy....I highly recommend splashing out that extra $1 for twice as much pho!  The service here is pretty basic....nothing more than a "hi," "what do you want to order?" and "ready for the check?"....but you can't have everything!
5	Pho is really outstanding.  Some how the owner/manager always recognizes me and I really appreciate it.  The french bread sandwiches (not sure if they still offer these) are fantastic, great crusty baguettes with fresh veggies and slow cooked tenderloin.  I would avoid weekend nights, as there is usually a line out the front door.  As I write this, my GF is picking up carry out from S.N. & I've got No Reservations Vietnam episode(s) cued up
2	Food is good, service is terrible, the staff didn't come to our table for over 10 min finally when they arrived they wanted our whole order.  Didn't ask if we wanted drinks at all. We were then never spoken to during our meal except to see if they could take our sauces away.  Dirty dishes were left on our table thru the meal. Staff was more interested in filling sauces, and condiments then giving service to the customers.  You can the best Food but if service is bad you will continue to lose customer like us who used to come frequently.
4	Fast, fresh, colorful. I was here for lunch and ordered the Korean beef, grilled on the bone and sliced into medallions, then served over rice with fresh carrots, cukes and a few other raw veggies. For lunch, the portion size was fitting but had it been for dinner I may have been left wanting more. Dare I call it South Korean beef for lunch; North Korean beef for dinner? Either way, the price is right, the service friendly, the food fresh, and the newly remodeled interior clean and classy. Definitely a must for Vietnamese fare.
4	Time for an update.I've warmed to this place. It's become our weekly, weekend lunch place during the cooler months. Their weekend specials include at shrimp/pork filled crepe that's great. Their pho is consistently flavorful and hits the spot! Madison will never have the multitude of pho joints that Seattle and Portland have but we're pho-tunate to have Saigon Noodles here.
4	My go-to place for pho! Always crowded when I go, but the service is always good. I like their large menu and I have tried the pho, vermicelli, spring rolls, and fried rice. I think this place has the best pho in Madison. Reasonably priced, too. Feels much like the casual pho place back at home (in LA).
5	Best Pho in Madison!
4	This is a pho is soooo tasty, the crispy egg rolls are delish. I would pass on the shrimp fried rice. Nice friendly a atmosphere.
5	Echo many previous reviews: Saigon Noodles is the best Pho in Madison!This is my most visited restaurant in Madison in the last five years.The owner renovated the restaurant and expanded to the space next to it a couple years back. Now the decor and ambiance is better than before, and the quality of food is still consistently good. The pho is so good that I ended up not trying many other dishes on their menu. Whenever i step in Saigon, I want my pho again.
3	I wish there was a half star so I could put this at 3.5. I like Saigon Noodles the food is fresh and the place is clean. There are several good choices on the menu that ensures you can eat here a couple of times a month and not have the same thing twice. A few more choices on the menu and I'd throw in that extra half a star.
4	Madison has good pho!  The regular and spicy pho was delicious.  The spicy came with a big slice of pork on a bone. Very interesting. It was definitely one of the nicest Vietnamese restaurants with modern clean ambience. The bahn mi sandwich was good but you can only order it for take out.  Very unusual and they should really change that policy. But based on the food alone, I give it 4 stars.
3	I was craving pho during a business trip to Madison, and after searching, Saigon Noodles came on top as the best pho in Madison.First time I went there, they were closed at 2 pm between lunch and dinner. They were still open when I came but they wouldn't serve me saying they're close. Okay...Next time in town, I was craving hot soup and thought I'd give it one more try. This time, they were open! Oh, thank God.The place was rather modern in decor -simple and clean. It looked new inside and older from outside. There was a mixture of people from various cultures. They say, if an ethnic place is filled with their own kind, it is a sure bet for authenticity. Can't tell with this one, as around me there were bunch of people who didn't know how to eat their pho or how to pronounce it. This guy next to me thought the bean sprout side plate was a free appetizer salad that came with the meal and was looking for dressing.Anyway.. I stopped reporting on my people watching and back to the food. The fried egg rolls were pretty good and they served it with pickled vegetables, which I really enjoyed. I ordered the big pho and the broth tasted good and clear. However, it wasn't the best one I had. It didn't come close to the second best either. I had a lot of noodle left but the meat was on the lighter side. They were gone before I ate half of my meal. I lost interest in the noodle without any meat left in the bowl. They charged for hot tea but I must say the hot tea was nice. It was Jasmine, and quite strong and heavy muscatel. I loved it. I stayed longer even after I finished my meal to empty the tea pot.
4	Love the beef noodle soup! Very good place to get yourself warm and comfortable. It could be a little bit noisy with soooo many babies and kids, but it'll be fine once you get used to it.
5	This is definitely our go-to place for Vietnamese food.  The owners and waitstaff are great, although like so many others have said, I hate the loud dish banging when they are clearing a table.
3	Pretty good vermicelli bowls. I had the #66 the shrimp and egg rolls. My partner had the #62/63 the pork with egg rolls.The egg rolls were good. The vermicelli was good. And the protein was good. Overall our dishes were just ok and not as flavorful as other restaurants.
5	This place was awesome! First time ever having Vietnamese food. My boyfriend and I shared that Saigon platter, the spicy beef which is only available on Saturday and Sundays and, the combination rice. All were amazing!
4	Great quality, good portions, excellent value!  One of my favorite places in Madison for Pho noodles and Vietnamese spring rolls.
5	The best place in town to get your fix of Vietnamese food!  Hands down!  The bowls of pho isn't a majority of broth like most places in town.  Lots of meat, noodles and veg just how I like it.  Everything on the menu is delicious.Very clean.  Professional and quick customer service.  Also, one thing I look for in any Asian restaurant, being an Asian, is that there are lots of other Asian customers in the restaurant too, which there was and is a good sign!
2	Not as good as before, price goes up now. Hardly have enough meat forPho, kind of disappointed.
4	Very good food at reasonable prices. Casual atmosphere with efficient service. All and all, a positive experience.
4	My vote for the best pho in Madison. No shying away from tripe or tendon options, the portions are generous (not all broth) and flavorful, and the place is always pretty busy. Also, as someone else noted - durian drinks, for those who like bananas that think they're garlic. =)
5	Their pho always hits the spot for me. One of my favorite restaurants in Madison. There can be a wait at the door sometimes, but it's worth the wait.
5	Best Vietnamese restaurant in Madison.  The pho is delicious!  Atmosphere is clean, but not very cozy.  I wish I lived closer to go more often!
5	Come here almost every Saturday, food here is aswome! We come here so much that we don't need to look at the menu, were ready to order as soon as we are seated.
5	I am happy to have found a Vietnamese place that can make all those favorites I grew up with. Having just moved here a few weeks ago, and having lived in NorCal, Chicago, and DC, I was expecting the worst. Being half-Viet, I grew up eating the fried spring rolls, spicy beef noodle soup, and rice dishes. This restaurant definitely gets props for trying to tackle the variety of Vietnamese cuisine. Lots of places can do only one or two things well, but this place has gotten a bunch of things right. It's not perfect, like the rice dishes (com dia) should have the rice chopped, not whole grain, and the spicy beef noodle soup (bun bo hue) was missing the pork blood cake (but honestly I never eat it anyways).  But those are relatively minor.  The staff were really nice and attentive.  So, I will be sure to check out the rest of the Vietnamese restaurants in Madison, but I am happy with this find.
5	I am a regular here. Everything on their menu is good, including Pho and other Vietnamese dishes. Way better then Pho Nam.Highly recommended if you are in the mood for some Vietnamese food.
3	I visit here almost 2-3 times a month and rarely order anything other than the Pho. The Pho noodle soup is very good although I really don't have another place to compare in Madison. Recently I tried the sizzling crepe, and also did a vegi/tofu bahn mi sandwich take out. The sizzling crepe was so-so compared to ones I have had in other Vietnamese restaurants. I would have appreciated more veggies and there were no bean sprouts. I was very disappointed with the bahn mi sandwiches. The proportion of the filling and the bread was way off. Way too much bread. I could barely detect any sauce and the tofu was flavorless. I can make a better bahn mi sandwich myself. I will just stick to the Pho soup from now on.One star for the ban mi, three stars for the sizzling crepe and four stars for the Pho soup.
4	Great Vietnamese food! Sometimes there's a wait, but it's definitely worth the wait. Probably my favorite Vietnamese place!
4	I decided to venture out here a day after my wisdom tooth surgery and it was still an amazing experience.I ordered the pho w/ meatballs and it was phenomenal. I will certainly be back for spring rolls and bun!
4	I decided to venture out here a day after my wisdom tooth surgery and it was still an amazing experience.I ordered the pho w/ meatballs and it was phenomenal. I will certainly be back for spring rolls and bun!
5	Great pho
4	Saigon has been one of m go-tos in all the years I have been in Madison, so I've seen them grow from the small restaurant which almost always have long wait lines to the current renovated site, which is expanded, so it is a lot more spacious and comfortable to dine in. There will usually still be a line during peak periods but it is really a whole lot better compared to those early days. Really happy about that ~~I like their pho and their spring rolls. Usually I would get the saigon deluxe, which has all the different meat parts. But if some of those seem a little too adventurous for you, there are many other combinations available. Usually I would just order the large portion, since you get way more food for less than a dollar extra, pretty worth it in my opinion. If you go for brunch it will be a good way to last till dinner time! I am particularly attracted by the light broth which is not overly salty.Their spring rolls bring with them a very refreshing start to a meal. Filled with vermicelli, thin pork slices and shrimps, top that off with some sweet peanut sauce. It's perfect!Recently I am taken to their spicy beef, which is offered as part of the weekend special. That is something I'd never gotten sick of even if I have it religiously every week. I love my pho with the lemon and bean sprouts. The sprouts add a crunchy texture to the soft pho noodles. The weekend is here again, time to plan a trip back for some spicy beef ~~~~
4	I love pho and the stuff they have is great for the price. Pretty standard vietnamese food overall but getting a giant bowl of soup for 8 bucks is hard to beat. Make sure you taste it before you go nuts with the condiments, it usually only needs some chili paste. Good decor. The bathrooms are clean which was good for me last week when I was so hungover I had to clutch the porcelain halfway through my meal. Turns out it tastes just as good coming back up as it did going down. Spring rolls are only OK.
4	I came here with coworkers after complaining that I needed to eat at least one meal this week with rice. I ordered the korean beef rice plate. The meat and the pickled vegetables it came with were good. However the rice it came with was a bit dry so that was disappointing for me. My coworkers though enjoyed their meal and the service was good ( nice waitress and the food came out quickly).
3	The food was delicious but the wait and service wasn't up to par. I don't know if it usually is that busy on a Saturday afternoon since I'm not from here, but they need to have more people staffed on extremely busy days. Rather than having only 2 servers... I would give this a 4 star but the wait for food was too long and the prices are more expensive than other vietnamese restaurants I've been to.
4	The Egg Rolls and the Pho were very good!
5	Only pho restaurant I go to that satisfies my LA palette... I'm sure a Vietnamese who knows how to make their own pho would differ and wouldn't argue against that. They have okay egg rolls and spring rolls and the pho has great flavors. Mix in some hoisin and hot sauce in your pho to perfect the flavors to your taste! I prefer the rare steak pho, not being a fan of the tripe and all other meats that they offer. I like to put generous amounts of bean sprouts, basil, lime and dip my rare steak meat in a mixture sauce of the hoisin and hot sauce.
5	This is one of my favorite places in town, and it's been great to watch this business grow over the years. I absolutely love vermicelli noodle dishes. I've eaten here several times, but always order the exact, same thing: vermicelli noodle bowl with grilled shrimp and an egg roll. Seriously, this cannot be beat. The vegetables are always fresh and crispy. The sauce is served on the side so you can keep it as light or heavy as you like. The shrimp are wonderfully seasoned and grilled, and I love the hot shrimp against the cold cucumbers and other veggies.Just writing this review makes me want to return right now.Also, I've noticed sometime in the last few years they invested in the decor and have made it very nice inside.
5	Best pho place in town. Great soup base - not salty or greasy. Papaya salad is also my favorite.
5	This place always pleases!  In a city of many fine Asain restaurants, this one serves the best pho and spring rolls. The vermicelli bowls with an egg rolls is also addictingly wonderful! I wish I could tell you more but I'm stuck on the few dishes I must have on every visit.
2	So I came into town to get one of my favorite dish pho. The place was packed and I thought this might be really good! Oh how I was wrong. The pho tendons were too stiff and tasted kind of rubber. Also the noodles weren't very good either. The broth was ok I guess.This was on the bottom of my list of pho places, but it can be that I might be very picky since I am coming from a place where they have awesome pho.
5	All time favorite!! Best pho. I have tried pho from many restaurants in Madison, nothing can compare to Saigon Noodles. Sad that I have moved too far, but first thing I want to eat when I am in town is pho here.
3	Updated review: eaten here many times, always ordered the vermicelli with grilled shrimp. It always came with a sliced egg roll on top. This time it did not. The top of the vermicelli section of the menu refers to an up charge for swapping to a vegetarian egg roll. Seems pretty clear the bowl should come with the egg roll.I asked the waitress about the missing egg roll. Her response: "That one is number 66. You ordered 65. Sorry." Then she promptly turned away. No offer to bring me the egg roll and charge me for the dish I intended to order. Read the menu carefully, folks!
