3	Well...this is definitely Jimmy Buffett in a nutshell.....over the top wacky and colorful...a real escape from reality.  The food was great....kind of a wait, but they were really busy.  Throughout the meal we were serenaded with Buffett favorites by a guy on guitar.  Worth eating there once, but a little too kitschy to appeal to me on a regular basis. 3 stars.
2	Ate there once, and short of being annoyed by all the silly, wannabe island retreat crap, the food was average, overpriced, and it was the middle of Wisconsin winter, so who wants to be reminded that it's 3 freaking degrees outside.  Actually, the biggest problem I had with this place was the extravagant price for the bland food.  Much better burgers and sandwiches in Madison for a much more reasonable price.
1	Cheesy and totally overrated - the carribean fare in a Jimmy Buffet inspired setting is all good in theory, but the colorful interiors and catchy tunes are little compensation when you spend most of your time keeping flies away from your crappy food and balancing the BAD shaka-ritas (margarita flights) on creaky wooden tables in the patio.The food was uniformly ordinary - my vegetarian baja burger was way too spicy to be enjoyable, the crab-cake burger was a disaster and I left my fries practically untouched, which hardly ever happens! Overall, one of the worst restaurant experiences for me.
1	Grade: FA complete nightmare. Awful food served by stupid staff. Can I get another helping of second-hand smoke with those stupid mini cheeseburger appetizers?
4	Overrated, yes.Fun, yes.Something different in a very Midwestern town, yes.  For that reason alone I give it 4 stars.Take a look at the options while in Middleton, there isn't much.  This is a great place to get drunk and eat a cheeseburger.  That's about it.  However if that is what you want to do, come here.  They have an outdoor patio that is nice in the evening and on days that aren't too humid.  The place is loud and great for families.  The place is not good for an intimate setting, for that go to Lousianne's.Back to the thing about the drinks, the drink list is enourmous.  They have frozen drinks, on the rocks drinks, beer, liquor, you name they have it.    For those not from the midwest, it is a nice oasis.  I'll leave it at that.
3	Nothing spectacular.  The crab cakes were ok, could have been better but then they could have been much worse.  I decided to venture out of my comfort zone (meaning not drinking wine) and had one of their specialty drinks ... Cheeseburger in Paradise (from the web menu "An island sized, award winning signature drink that will change your attitude. Layered with Parrot Bay Rum Pia Colada, Myers's Rum Runner, Margaritaville Margarita and Strawberry Daiquiri, each frozen layer is prepared from scratch with fresh fruit and juice, and surrounded by an ocean of Hiram Walker Blue Curacao. Garnished with the Hemisphere Dancer ("HD") and your own personal Cheeseburger In Paradise.")  Not as huge as it sounds (thankfully) and surprisingly very good.   As for music, they played the occasional Buffett song and at 7:30PM tonight, there was live music.  I had started my evening looking for a local eatery, but after driving almost 40 miles (back and forth) to get cheese curds (more on that in my next reviews) I choose the first place that looked remotely interesting.
3	As a lifelong Parrothead, I was expecting more out of this place. There was nothing inherently bad about it, but it's kind of a PJ McWhiskers with tiki torches. I've spent my share of time at Margaritaville in Key West and was expecting something closer to that, I guess.My wife and I grabbed a few late nite appetizers (mini cheeseburgers and chips and queso) and both were fine. Nice beer selection featuring many Wisconsin labels. My wife got the overpriced blended margarita which was tasty.I do have to give them points for the bartender who was working his tail off as the only one behind the packed kidney-shaped bar. Someone who I can only assume was the manager on duty didn't make any moves to pitch in help the poor guy.I'm giving this place 3 stars for the bartender's effort and the decent food. I'd go back if I was passing by, but wouldn't make a special effort to hit it up again.
2	I had gone to a Cheeseburger in Paradise a few years ago in suburban IL.  I spent the evening gazing in horror, there was live music, and drunken gyrating soccer moms for MILES. (or what seemed like miles)  However, Cheeseburger in Paradise during dinner rush on a Thursday eve in MADISON... was a different more chill experience.  Jimmy Buffet was playing constantly over the sound system and our service was quick and friendly like any chain restaurant. The margaritas were OVERPRICED ($5.75 for a 16 oz plain lime margarita on the rocks), and the food was okay. I had the blackened fish sandwich which was great... my sweet potato chips were not fresh. (Pescetarians and vegetarian have LOTS of options here, which is at times uncommon for Wisconsin.)
2	Staff was friendly and service was fairly prompt. The food was merely average and the "specially brewed" beer was weak.Overall, the place tries too hard with its theme. The weather was not cooperating, but they still had the doors wide open. This would have been a better day to leave the doors down and keep the diners inside. The county was under a tornado watch at the time and there were several severe storms in the vicinity. Not a day to encourage diners to eat on the patio.
4	So, when I first heard of Cheeseburger in Paradise, my reaction was "oh no, that's totally lame, I'll never go there to eat beef among tiki torches."  Then I learned from my Gluten Free Restaurant Guide by Triumph Dining that they have a gluten-free menu, and then we were nearby when my father announced that he was hungry for a burger and fries.  And that's how we ended up at Cheeseburger in Paradise.We enjoyed our bun-less burgers and gluten-free french fries (fried in a dedicated wheat-free fryer, unlike at most every other place that fries things) on the patio and were waited on by a conscientious and attentive server, Miles.  It was clean, colorful, and goofy and they fed me safely.
3	This is like an Islands chain wannabe, which happens to be a Jimmy Buffett-owned chain restaurant.  I went there with a friend and business partner I have known for years.The non-alcoholic "tropical" drink selection had a variety of maybe 10 drinks and they all sounded good.  I had an "Island Paradise" - Pineapple and coconut complemented with pomegranate grenadine and a splash of Sprite.  It was very good.We ordered a quesadilla appetizer and it was pretty tasty.  There was plenty of chicken, cheese, and vegetables between the tortillas and the portion was just right for us.We decided that we would both order something different so that we could share and try other foods on the menu.I ordered the "El Cubano" a traditional Cuban sandwich, made with ham, cheese, roasted pork, pickle and mustard all pressed inside two slices of Cuban bread.  It was average at best.  My friend ordered the BBQ Cheddar Burger and it was excellent.  The burger is just as it sounds, consisting of a bun, beef patty, BBQ sauce cheddar cheese, lettuce and tomatoes, with fried onions.  He gave me half and it was a lot better than the sandwich I ordered.  I did not even finish my half of the Cuban.  My sandwich did come with sweet potato chips which were pretty good.  I am not usually a fan of sweet potato but found myself munching on these chips.I don't know much about Jimmy Buffett, but the name of this place is actually the title of one of his songs.  There are 38 locations in 17 states, all in places very far from Hawaii.  Maybe it isn't supposed to be like Hawaii, but I feel like it looks like what Hawaii might be envisioned by someone who has never been.  There was no version of the burger made with pineapple slices and teriyaki sauce...but maybe that's because Buffett supposedly wrote "Cheeseburger in Paradise" in the Carribbean...which changes everything.  Maybe that's why they serve the Cubano, which was still subpar at best.Overall, the food was satisfactory.  If I am ever in town again or happen to pass by a Cheeseburger in Paradise, I might go back because the drinks are good and the burgers are yummy.  It is a decent meal that won't break your wallet, but take a hint by the restaurant's name and order a cheeseburger.  WWJBD...what would Jimmy Buffett do?  Probably order a Cheeserburger in Paradise, and so should you.
4	I love the wraps here and the drinks are prime! Food is decently priced and the drinks are a bit more pricey, but they taste excellent and get you more tipsy than you'd think :) I enjoy the whole island vibe of the place especially in the summer when you can sit outside. They have some live music at times as well and the wait staff has always been super friendly to me..
1	I got so sick and was throwing up after eating there! I have never been back since. And normally I never get sick to my stomach. I don't trust their food. And it is so overprized and overrated.
2	No, No, Never, Never, Uh Uh Uh!!!Sorry to say, this place is a disaster. Not because the decor is cheesy, but because they are mind numbingly slow, and the food is uber-forgettable.We called ahead and found that we could get a table for 16 on the patio, but when we got there at our appointed time nothing was ready - bad first impression. We were sat at four different tables near each other and moved the tables ourselves to create a configuration where our group could talk.The waitress asked a couple times if anyone needed anything, but great service starts with keeping water glasses full, so if you see an empty one - FILL IT! That is decent restaurant skills 101 and costs you a star every time.The food was cold, overcooked, tasteless and a little scary. I got a spicy burger and it was bland.The only way I would eat at this chain again would be if I washed up on a beach after being marooned for a week and they were giving the food away FREE.
3	During a business trip in Madison, we scoped out some places to do dinner afterwards. After browsing a few online menus and seeing that this place had pitchers of Sangria, we decided to give it a try. The experience here was pretty middle-of-the-road. It was a weeknight, and not very crowded, so we had no problem getting seated right away. While the decor and the environment is a bit much to stomach, I honestly enjoyed my cheeseburger and drinks. I would not go out of my way to come here, but if I'm in the area and felt like a cheeseburger, this place would be on the list.
1	If I could give NO stars this would be the place that deserves it.  We were in on a Thursday night at around 7pm.  There were a handful of patrons(certainly more staff than paying customers).  There was one bartender who was bothered to make drinks.  We watched him make a moijto and when he poured from the shaker to the glass he spilled some over including a lime and some mint that went onto the bar, he picked them up and put them back into the cup.  DISGUSTING! Then the 4 of us at the bar were ready to order another round and the bartender went MIA, we waved down 2 waitresses who went into the back and we never saw them again, 10 minutes later he came back and when asked "what happened to you", he responded, "I am busy, I need to clean the keg lines." Don't waste you time here!
5	The name of this place is deceiving! This is a really great (including tropical cocktails and non-alcohol) Caribbean sandwich, burger and appetizer place. Great variety of tastes and the caribbean chicken gumbo is excellent!- Substitutes? No problem mon...
4	There's a lot of negative reviews on here, and I was hesitant to go tonight, but after hearing a co-worker say "they have the best wings i've ever had" I just had to go.  Let's just say its hard for me to turn down good chicken wings.Our party of four included two toddlers.  They got the mini cheeseburgers, which were average but good enough for kids to eat.  We started with 18 wings split into three different sauces.  Very tasty wings.  Nice crunch to them.  We tended towards the sweet/spicy flavors and they all did not dissapoint.  They were better than BWW, and better than most chain American restaurants.  On a scale of 1-10 I'd give them a 9.  My wife said "wow, they are pretty darn good wings."My entree was less than stellar, I ordered the Cuban Sandwhich.  Having lived in South Florida for years this was definitely not on par with them, but wasn't a bad rendition.  About average.My wife ordered the Cajun burger, which she said had no spice to it but it was still a decent burger.Overall, this place was better than I thought, nothing spectacular, but we'd definitely go back.  Its relatively inexpensive (most entrees 8-10$), service was good, and the drink menu looked great.  They had this cool 4' tower of beer that looked kind of fun to drink from....
5	Amazing place! Love it here! What's with the bad reviews? Are you kidding me? Best burgers in the Madison area, hands down. Perfect fruity drinks. Great service!  bottom line: awesome!
2	Nice atmosphere. Cheeseburger was not all that.
1	I came here and ordered the baja burger. It was DISGUSTING. Greasy, with wilted vegetables and absolutely dripping with excess juice. I could barely eat it, but I was so hungry that I just held my nose and forced down a few bites. The sweet potato chips weren't much better; too greasy and stale. My friend had a strawberry daiquiri, which I also tried. It was acceptable, but the taste was off. The service wasn't good either. Our waiter neglected us, and we did not feel at all taken care of. I will not be back.
3	Fun atmosphere and good for a round of drinks. The food is okay--had the shrimp tacos which were tasty but the rice on the side was bland, dry and obviously made in bulk. I ate at the bar, the female bartender was far more concerned with a handful of male regulars and talking about how she could not wait to go get drunk. The other bartender was overheard complaining about his work hours- staff definitely brought down the fun atmosphere.
1	Never eating here again. I was sick for 2 days after I eat one of their burgers.
1	Paradise?!  Absolutely not!   This place is a joke.   We've gone here a few times and each time confirms the bad experience preceding.   This place just does not serve up what their name implies.When I go to a place called Cheeseburger in Paradise I expect something above and beyond the regular burger down the street.  Instead, all they serve up here is hamburgers with fancy names.   Every burger I have ever ordered here has been lesser than any burger at any  greasy spoon or family restaurant.   I was hoping they would have some steak fries instead of the usual basic fries.  Nope.   The burgers are just that, basic burgers with a sauce to match the fancy name.   What chef dreamed up these recipes?   I doubt it was a chef.  Probably some person that said, "good enough, let's go make some money".Our burgers yesterday were about 10 bucks each and just basic burgers that should have cost about 4 bucks.   The meat didn't have any distinctive flavor and was rather skimpy, the sauce was not complimentary to the sandwich and the bun was generally regular too.   At least the bun was fresh.  I would only recommend this place to my Republican friends because they have no ability to think for themselves anyway and might actually like the place.If you're looking for paradise you won't find it here.  Last best burger I had was at Great Dane, maybe try there.   But I have had lame burgers there too.  Let me think, ummm,  If you are still reading.... DON'T GO HERE.  Look elsewhere.
1	I have avoided this place since it opened, but a friend insisted we meet up there for dinner.  First thing I noticed was the dirty fork in my silverware set.  It had definitely gone through a dishwasher, which baked on a nice chunk of food from the previous user.  Pointed it out to the waiter who just swapped out my silverware set with some from a nearby table.  After that, I needed a drink.  Ordered a Bud Light Lime since there was a huge banner that said $2.50 for that brand all during May.  Nope, they were out and the waiter said we could NOT substitute for another drink (i.e. a Corona or something similar).  Ok then, I'll just order a $9.39 mushroom and swiss.  Food came and the fries were cold.  Told the waiter we wanted new fries and he obliged.  The burger was nothing special.  Should have been half the price we paid.  Then, after I'm half way done with the burger, the waiter returns and says he checked with the manager and we could get a Corona for $2.50.  Too late.  By this time, I just wanted to leave.  The place was not busy at all, I'm not sure what took him so long to check with the manager about that.  I hate these theme restaurants and this trip just served to solidify my beliefs that gimmicky restaurants usually do not have good food.  I'll stick with 5 Guys or Nitty Gritty when I want a good burger.  Hell, just go next door to TGIFridays, even they beat this place.
2	What you're really doing is playing for the experience. I had the mini crab burgers and they were pretty good. The drinks are good, but overpriced. Service was mediocre.
2	OK, I must start by saying that the kids wanted to go here and I was not that excited about it.   However, I was surprised by the reasonable beer selection and the nice menu.  The food came out very slow, slooow, sloooooow...the burgers were pretty good.The big problem with Cheeseburger was the service.  We thought our waiter had a job at a restaurant across town!  He would disappear for long periods of time (could not see him anywhere in the restaurant) and then reappear maybe 15-20 minutes later.  Order food, where did he go? Order a drink, where did he go?  Finish eating, wait 15 minutes for the check.  Try to pay the check, he wanders off for another 15 minutes with the credit card.  Not going back, even though the food was fine.
1	Greasy food, lazy service, flat soda.  For a place the is supposed to specialize in burgers they sucked!  The patty was dry and over cooked everything was greasy, and the only thing that was ok were the fries but that is not a reason to go.
3	Service and fries are  where they excel.  We have been there 5 or 6 times and that's what stands out.  I like their burgers but the rest of the menu items are not too good.  Not a place I am compelled to visit often.
3	I went here with my girlfriend about a month ago. I got the black & blu burger and she got the guacamole burger. I thought my burger was greasy, as I was eating it the bun started to fall apart... the service was ok, I've had better though. I had an OK experience but I won't be back.
1	I have been here multiple times and have usually had great experiences, but last night was awful.  We made reservations as they had a promotion for National Cheeseburger Day and there were six of us.  When my friend and I got there, we told the hostess that we were meeting friends and had a reservation under another friend's name, and she shrugged at us three times before asking us how many were in our party and never bothered to find our reservation.  We told her we had an infant with us, and she looked annoyed to have to accommodate a baby.  She eventually asked us if we wanted to wait for the others in our party or sit down, and then walked us to our table and told us nothing about who our server was or ever cracked a smile.  We sat for at least 10 minutes with no service and eventually flagged down a waiter, who found our server, who arrived about 5 minutes later.  The drink service was incredibly slow, and the food service was okay.  Our burgers were average, which was disappointing since we've come there often and enjoyed the burgers.  It seems their buns and meat have changed and the quality is not as good as it had been.  A disappointing trip, and we likely won't be back anytime soon.
1	Generic chain food, most of which is made from frozen out of a bag ingredients.  Don't waste your money or time.  TGI Friday's or Applebee's with a Caribbean theme.
2	If this is paradise, I'll stick with the mediocre lifestyle I live from day to day.Awful, sums up my first impression of the place.  I was greeted by a revolving door that looked like the windows hadn't been cleaned since the last time Jimmy Buffet was in town.  We were seated at our booth, but before I could slide on in I asked if they would wipe the liquid off of the seat.  I went to the bathroom and washed my hands (the bathroom is another story) When I came back, the liquid was still on the seat of the booth.  The waitress just sluffed off the fact i was agitated by the lack of customer service.  Seriously.  How hard is it to wipe off the booth.The food was decent.  Nothing great, but ok.  Portions are weak however.  You'll probably have to venture across the lot to McDonalds for a Big Mac afterward if you want to be full.  A Big Mac would probably be as flavorful as the burgers served here. What irked me about my trip here was the service.  First was the lack of caring when it came to the booth's cleanliness.  Second, I never got a refill on my soda.  For $2.49, I'm sure jimmy could afford another glass of soda.  It took our waitress nearly 10 minutes to collect come back with our bill.  It was like they took my debit card and walked to my bank instead of swiping it to collect payment.They get two stars because I didn't have to choke down the food.  However I think I'd rather get in my old car, drive to McDonalds, and risk the chance I get explosive diarrhea before climbing into a sailboat and pointing it toward Cheeseburger In Paradise.
4	Decent restaurant with plenty of fishes, seafood and chicken on menu. I dont eat pork or beef. Loved it.
1	I have always loved this place BUT the last 3 times I have visited I have had TERRIBLE service and last night was the icing on the cake!!!!Last night (Thursday) we arrived at 10:20 pm for a late dinner after a show. Since they were supposed to close at 11:00 pm we figured it was enough time to eat. When we walked in there were only three other tables of people, one of which was a couple that came in right before us. We waited at the host stand for 3 minutes and finally were greeted by the bartender. He took us to our table and told us our waitress would be with us shortly.  The only server left (female, dark brown hair) came over and rushed her greeting by acting annoyed that we were there. She took our order and ran off to start doing the close prep. 5 minutes later she came back to our table and said that the bar was closing (10:30 pm) and that we couldn't get frozen drinks. She asked if we were interested in ordering another type of drink but we declined. She then acted annoyed that we didn't want something other than water! Our food quickly came out and it was WONDERFUL (thankfully) but our waitress never came back to check on us. I ran out of water and just as I was putting my napkin down she came over with another glass. At that time we asked for our check. We were so mad about the quality of the service that we just wanted to get out of there. We ended up walking out the door at 11:00 pm on the dot! My partner and I always tip a min of 20% but often if we like someone we will tip way above. Our service was so terrible that we left her a 15% tip with a note explaining how uncomfortable she made our visit. If she had one ounce of sweetness to her we would've given her 20% BUT she was cold and distant. I understand wanting to get off of work but at least fake a smile and a personality. I will not be coming back. Yes, the food was amazing BUT bad service equals a no go in my book. Also, why close the bar 30 minutes early???? The drinks are around $8 so do the math on how much you are losing if our table would've ordered 2-4 drinks. I'm just beyond put off.
3	The food here is just ok. My children love this place. It's family friendly and works for us at times.Food- ok. I usually order a guacamole burger which has guacamole, bacon and cheese served with a juicy beef patty. You really can't go wrong with those ingredients. Service- good. The servers usually try to please my children and that makes me happy. My children love to end their meals with a gummy burger from the bar.
1	Somewhere along the line, this place went from a fun distraction with a light-hearted style and passable food to a place that I avoid at all costs.  The last time I was there, the bathrooms were so disgusting I had to walk next door to use their bathrooms instead.  Just dirty toilets, paper towels strewn everywhere.  In addition, pretty much every table in the place still had people's finished meals on them.  Nobody was cleaning up the place!  Our food was barely edible.  Fried pickles were soggy and my burger was so overdone I only finished about half of it.  I'm sorry guys -- I hate to write a bad review but there's really no choice here.  Stay away from this restaurant until they fix their issues.
3	Had the chicken strips and they were good, buffalo sauce not so good.   Bartender was ok, but with one other person at the bar I expected more attention.  Overall it was good, but not great.  When it's slow you need to shine, not be average.
