1	My business partner and I are always all over the city and noticed the Native New Yorker sign was removed from the store and a banner for "The Brickyard" was in its place. Figured we would stop in and check it out and drop off a card in case they were shopping for a new sign. The waitress was very nice, almost too nice and offered up more information about the business than I would want my employee too. Apparently the owners disengaged from the N.N.Y franchise, there are legal issues, she's the only waitress left with the changes, etc. The place looks exactly the same, but they now advertise $.36 cent wings on Tuesday, not $.35 cents. Apparently this is a N.N.Y thing and being they disenfranchised, can't advertise it. The waitress made sure to tell me "they still only charge $.35 though". I ordered 20 wings and a soda, my business partner ordered the philly cheese steak and a soda. The place was pretty dead, but it took a good 20 minutes to get our orders. The wings were nothing special...lots of breading, sauce had little flavor. My biz partner said the same thing about his sandwich. After eating 12 of the 20 wings, I figured I would take them to go and asked for a box. I was responded to with a sign and a roll of the eyes from the waitress, who said "I can't take them". She informed us that the wing price was for dine in orders only and that I HAD TO LEAVE THEM THERE!!! She said they lose money on the wings and expect people to order other things to help offset the loss. Sure, I could see if I came in and ordered 50 wings, ate one with a glass of water and left. We came in, ordered food, at there and ordered other stuff. The waitress made a huge scene and a lady at another table overheard the commotion and let me know she ordered wings too, but the waitress told her she needed to order a drink to get the wings for that price (which isn't noted on their window advertising at all). She made a point of sitting another couple next to us and telling them it was Tuesday wing day and you can only eat the wings there, no matter what else you order. What a joke. I told her if she would have said that to me before I ordered, I would have gotten one wing at a time and made her run back and forth to the kitchen. I also asked her what they would do with the wings I didn't eat if I didn't take them with me, she said they would throw them out. So apparently that's how they treat their customers. She said she was sick of the place because this happens all the time. I guess she should be a little more clear with the customers or this place needs to stop being so damn cheap. I won't be heading back to the Brickyard anytime soon. There's a Native New Yorker on 19th ave and Happy Valley that appreciates my business.
1	Thought I woul give this place another try after visiting it as The Native New Yorker & being disappointed.  Was excited that a new place was opening.  A great lace to watch a game... Lots of TVs...if that's all you want to do.  There were plenty of open seats when I arrived, & the waitress sat me in a booth that had the seat all ripped up & taped in duct tape that was peeling off.  I ordered a BLT & specifically asked her if the bread was "good" bread, or the cheap "wonder" type. I ordered it lightly toasted.  It was served to me OVERTOASTED & on cheap nasty toast.  Really??  It had about three drops of mayo on it & I had to request a side of mayo.  I would have been embarrased to serve it to someone. Charge an extra dollar & serve your food on decent bread.  Signs are posted all over inside that the same owners are still there. Disappointing.  They had a chance with changing the name to really make something of  the place.  I see no reason to go back.
1	Well, my prediction was right. I drove by over the weekend and the place is now out of business. Good riddance!!!
