4	I love weddings, and especially the weddings of good friends!  Around a week ago, I had the privilege of being involved in a friend's wedding, and the reception was held at the fabulous Norton House Hotel.This grand hotel is located in Ingliston, on the outskirts of Edinburgh, not far from the airport.  It has a long private drive that leads up to a spacious car park that surrounds the hotel itself.  Whilst it may look like a traditional country house from the outside, don't be fooled into thinking it will be traditional and dull on the inside.  The inside of the hotel speaks on contemporary chic and class; sophisticated and not trying too hard to be something it isn't.The reception itself was held in the ballroom, which is perhaps an optimistic name for something that is not as grand as an actual ballroom.  There was a dancefloor in the final third of the space that emerged after the food had been eaten, and a stage that hosted a ceilidh band and DJ.The food and service at the reception were great, but not perfect.  Portion sizes were a little on the small side for my liking, but what was presented to us was very tasty.  Serving staff were always checking how they could help.  One of my favourite things of the evening (and this might seem weird to some) is how the food was served.  The kitchen area comes straight off the ballroom, and so waiting staff were able to come and go easily.  When it came to serving a table, a flock (not sure if that's the right collective noun) of waiters would emerge from the kitchen, and surround the table, placing the dishes at more or less the same moment.  It may just be that I have led a sheltered life, but I found it great to watch.The evening was great all-in-all, and I'm not reviewing the wedding, so I shall spare the details.  The party went on into the early hours, and I think that everyone left satisfied.  The venue, food and staff, combined with the joy of the wedding, combined to give a great experience.Well done Norton House.  I look forward to the next time I get to go there.
5	Fantastic hotel, the spa and leisure facilities are first class, Service throughout the hotel was swift and polite, breakfast delivered to the room was fantastic and the brassiere restaurant was top notch. We will certainly return.
