4	Rialto looks pretty unassuming from the outside, but after trying unsuccessfully to find a pizza place to latch onto - one that could make a consistently great pizza - I tried Rialto, which just so happened to be the neighborhood pizza place.The pizza from there has always been fantastic.  A plain cheese is the perennial favorite, but with bonus points for their pineapple and onion pizza, which is out of this world.Their sides don't quite match up to their pizza... the Greek salad doesn't have much about it that could be Greek, the zucchini strips leave something to be desired.But I still keep going back for the pizza.  It also helps that they have a decent selection of beer.
3	It's too bad that Yelp doesn't allow for half-stars.  I would give Rialto's Pizza 3 1/2 stars if I could.  Rialto's still ain't a bad place.  The pizza here is actually decent.  They do have some interesting specialty pizzas here, including a Steak Pizza, which issteak, sauteed onions, mushrooms, and green peppers topped with provolone and mozzarella cheeses and banana peppers.  They also have a cheeseburger pizza, which is pretty much as its name implies, except without a bun.If you're not in the mood for pizza, they do have baked ziti and spaghetti dishes, but I don't recommend these.  Oh, they're not bad or anything, just not worth going out of your way for.  For desserts, they have Italian donuts, cheesecake and ice cream.
2	Everything is kind of sub-par, except the pizza which might be good enough to be average. Eh.
4	Pretty decent New York style pizza, with quick delivery.
4	Love the pie, though I'm a little under-impressed with the white pizza. Like that they offer other food besides pizza. And not to mention you can grab a 6-pack!
3	So this review is purely based on Rialto's delivery. This was my favorite place to get pizza from in college. i had LOTs of rialto's. my fav was the ranch steak pizza as it had fries on it  AND ranch dressing. what's not to like?The normal steak pizza is also quite good.
5	I love Rialtos! It's my favorite pizza place. I get their xtra large cheese pizza delivered to my work all the time.
2	It's not delivery, it's digiorno...you'll be better off
4	Went to Rialto on a trip to Pitt with friends. Ordered a Pierogi Pizza and a Gyro Pizza. The Pierogi pizza was pretty good. The Gyro pizza though? FANTASTIC! Definitely should give that a try. I was a little unsure about it before trying it but once I did, I was sold. Price was in line with what you'd expect from a pizza joint.
4	We ordered Rialto's for pickup last Friday, not wanting to bother with cooking after a long work week.  The prices are about what you'd expect, but if you can get your hands on a coupon or a code from AllMenus, then it becomes super cheap - we got a large pizza from $8 due to a coupon code.  So look into that!It was ready when they said it would be, and we brought it back to our apartment, ready to dig in.  We'd ordered a large "Rialto House" pizza, which is under the specialty part of the menu.  We opened the box to discover a mass of fresh toppings - pepperoni, sausage, mushrooms, green peppers, and olives.  After a quick warming-up in the oven, we dug in.I have to say, the toppings really make this pizza.  Sure, there's sauce and cheese under there, but neither to excess.  The toppings, however, are plentiful and high quality.  The peppers were fresh and crisp - I even enjoyed the mushrooms which I usually loathe.  And they weren't stingy about piling them on - nothing is worse than paying a lot for a pizza and then having to hunt for the few lonely pepperoni slices.  You pay for toppings, you should get a bunch of them.  The pizza wasn't oily or greasy either.We really enjoyed this pie, and would definitely order again.  I think if you're in the mood for greasy, cheesy goodness (which we are, from time to time), this is not the place.  But if you want a fresh pizza loaded with toppings and not loaded with grease, I'd recommend Rialto!
3	On second thought,  rialto's is pretty decent. This time around we got a specialty pie with 5 cheeses and tomatoes. The crust was good and so was the pie but the dough underneath the toppings doesn't hold up so well. Its very flimsy and difficult to eat so I used a fork and knife. To sum it up...messy but tasty
4	The 5 best things about Rialto Pizza.1. The veggie pizza practically comes with a salad on top: fresh, crisp and plentiful.2. A seriously delicious Italian hoagie. Darn near everyone does them, but Rialto is a cut above.3. The Rialto Giant (28 inches, 49 slices) is too big to fit in my front door, but if you're having people over for a game or a party it's perfect. Tip: Use it as an incentive on moving day. You'll have more help (and more pizza) than you'll know what to do with.4. An admirable selection of decently-priced beer means not having to make two stops on the way home.5. If there's no game on t.v., guaranteed they are playing some basic cable reality show (which is the television equivalent of eating pizza).
4	Update: i have really come around to the pizza. The trick is that you need to eat it hot right out of the oven right in the store. It turns out to be a great place to walk to with my son. We get a little pizza. Kill it together and walk home. Sentimental value is increasing. AND THEY ARE STARTING 6 PACKS OF PICK YOUR OWN. our new go to for beer. Hoepfully they will expand it. But good smaller breweries so far. So.... i added another star.Old thoughts: Taste like College pizza- not good, not horrible gross, just boring pizza.  I will say they do a lot of fun types of pizza, but we live close to too many really really exceptional good pizzas to waste too much money here.  THE THREE STARS: for a very good Italian sub and over all low prices.  Its hard to have pizza as much as I would want it, but I would hit them up for subs ANYTIME. VERY GOOD.  Baked fresh.
2	Pizza brand pizza. This pizza tastes like pizza. What sets a pizza spot like this apart from its competitors is neighborhood and price. Rialto is 4 minutes away from some of the best pizza in town and the prices are not the lowest nor the highest. I've called in multiple times to ask what the specials were. I don't get any specials, and then there is a special on the sign out front similar and cheaper than what I ordered. I think it is typically worth driving the extra 4 minutes for the better pizza or the cheaper pizza.
3	Time to do another update.  I hadn't ordered from Rialto in a few years, but I was doing something last night I hadn't done in awhile.  Babysitting.  Long story.  But I knew my friends' son likes cheese pizza so I picked one up for us and I figured Rialto would be the best bet.  Not fancy.  Not great but not horrible either.  Translation:  something a five-year-old would like.
4	Stopped here after a baseball game for Pizza with the kiddos!The pizza was pretty good!Breadsticks were also fresh and tasty!Its a pizza shop, so there's not much else to report.They do sell beer (ToGo and for In-house).Seating for dining is minimal, but it is very clean!I'd def stop in again.Parking can be dicey, though  ;)
4	The selection and hours are enough to earn a few stars in my book. But any place you can get a pierogi pizza and six pack of Four Loko on a Sunday gets my approval. The best pizza in Greenfield, and, for me, rivals Aiello's in Squirrel Hill. I had the pirogie pizza. It was as warm and inviting as the service and as hot and dense as a dying star. The potatoes were piled generously is what I'm getting at. They would easily be a five star place but it was just a bit on the pricey side and they could do with a couple more chairs. But those aren't things I'd be super concerned about.
4	I order from Rialto frequently and the food is consistently good. Fantastic Italian hoagie and buffalo chicken pizza. Delivery service is always good. The only reason I'm not giving this neighborhood joint 5 stars is because of the downright rude guy answering the phone. After today's super condescending interaction, I'm looking around for other options, which is a bummer because the food is good, prices are right and it's super convenient:-(
4	One of my favorite pizza places in the city. The staff is really what makes this place. I used to work over in Greenfield and they got so used to seeing us and made us feel welcomed. You can tell they truly appreciate the business. Price wise everything is very reasonable and the food is great quality. You also get huge portions as well. I've had their pizza, breadsticks, hoagie and fries. All very good! When we ate at the shop, I really enjoyed their second dining room of to the side. It wasn't anything special, but they kept it very clean and have a TV. For those who would be interested, they also have beer to go.
5	This is a great, local pizza shop. The pizza and hoagies are fresh and flavorful. I live close by and this is my go to place, through they will pretty much deliver anywhere in the city. There are always coupons for this place and even if you don't have any you can ask over the phone and they will usually give you a deal. They always say it will take 45 mins for delivery but in my experience it's usually about 20-30 mins. Prices seem to be totally random since the same order comes out to a different price every time but I guess that's part of the charm.
4	Great pizza for the price. Their sicilian is awesome - thick, just enough sauce... So good!
5	Rialto has never let me down.  We've had pizza,  sandwiches pierogie and various sides and appetizers here over the years and have never had a complaint.  Delivery is fast and takeout is always ready when they say it will be. My only complaint is that they don't have a second location on Butler.
