5	The last time I remember going to the doctor was after NYE 1998. I was celebrating the coming New Year with friends in our favorite bar in Detroit, Michigan, when I finished a mouthful of shrimp and told my BFF Ricky 'I don't feel well.' My next memory was being surrounded by a bunch of over-animated queens who could barely conceal their snarky attitudes because I was the shit and I ruled that part of town. I spent the rest of the evening in Ricky's car turning the engine on to melt the frost on the windows. Well, after we made it back to Ohio the next day, Ricky told my parents what happened and they made me go to the doctor. Something about thinking my epilepsy had returned. However, after several tests and a few thousand dollars out of pocket, they couldn't tell me what had happened and concluded it was just a fainting spell. So, clearly, I was hesitant about going to a doctor once I moved out to Arizona and hadn't made any appointments with a doctor for about 8 years. Sadly, I developed a painful ear ache and was left with no choice, after almost 2 months of self-medicating, but to schedule an appointment with a doctor. Since I'm generally lazy and look for the easiest way out of something, I found the addresses of fie general practitioners covered by my insurance in our ZIP code, mapped out which was accessible by light rail, by light rail and one bus transfer and by walking distance during a pleasant month in Phoenix. That's how I decided to go to Dr. McRunels. I was feeling a little uneasy about seeing a stranger and having to go through my medical history (back home, we went to the same doctor who delivered us so he was kind of along for the journey of our lives). But the staff and Dr. McRunels dissipated any concerns by being professional yet friendly. This wasn't what I was expecting. Even though I had gone for my ear ache, they were willing to discuss any other medical concerns I may have, whether my body was functioning any differently in the past few years, if I developed any new moles, and other conditions that may have presented themselves in the years since I last had a thorough exam. Not surprisingly, I survived the appointment and was able to fill my prescription at Target in 20 minutes. Now I can call my mom and let her know I now have my own doctor!
5	I was given a recommendation for Dr. McRunels by a friend's sister, and she had nothing but great things to say about him, so I booked an appointment for my husband and went with him on his first visit.  The small office is just a few blocks from our home, so the convenience can't be beat.  All of the staff is friendly and welcoming, which is a quality I value in a medical office.From the start, Dr. McRunels made us feel at ease.  He's friendly, funny, down-to-earth, and really knowledgeable.  He asked all the right questions, didn't talk down to us, and took plenty of time to chat with us, both about medical issues and stuff in general.  In the year we've been seeing him, Dr. McRunels has been an excellent physician and we feel lucky to be under his care.  It's rare these days to find someone like him, but we're glad we did.
5	I am new to Phoenix so I did a quick Google search for doctors in my area.  Thank you Google, you totally hooked it up.  I have only been there twice now but I feel like I've been going there forever.  Everyone is so lovely and thorough.  I've been to several doctors over the last several years because of insurance or lack there of but I'm very excited to have found a practice with a doctor who tells me what I need to hear with compassion not judgement.  And he's funny!
5	The doctor is laid back and an awesome dude! I had to wait an hour after my schedule appt time but it was just one of days. I was pissed but after the consultation I realized the quality service will bring me back. I was the last patient of the day but he took his time and made sure all of my questions and worries were answered. None of that "long ass, end of the day, I want to get out of here" attitude....quality. Looking for a general physician? make an appoint and they wont disappoint....eh that was lame..
