2	So. I'm an actress. And as an actress, it probably isn't wise to knock any institution associated with anyone that could give me the opportunity to claim my (rightful) spotlight on stage. But...Look. The MainLine, while certainly having its charm and character (I love the vintage local production posters, and the sign before the theatre entrance that reads, "Beware of Pickpockets and Loose Women"), is a ventilation-free, hot as hell, dusty fixer-upper with broken, squeaky chairs and ripped up, moldy carpetted stairs in desperate need of a cosmetic facelift. And a good shampoo.The redeeming quality of this blink-and-you'll-miss-it venue are the actual shows that are staged in the theatre. I've seen some amazing performances here this past year - and the MainLine is one of the venues used for the annual Fringe Fest, Bottom line: check out the MainLine if you want to catch some good, underrated quality theatre performances. Just pack an icy cold bottle of water in your bag - and please watch your step.
4	Looking for cutting edge theatre and a fabulous party haven? This is the place. Yes, as mentioned in the other "review" it is hot in the summer. But there are 9 other months of the year to enjoy this more than worthwhile space. And, it has been cleaned up considerably of late. The stair carpet is replaced though the chairs still squeak. Still, if you want amazing events (Strip Spelling Bee, Slow Dance Parties, Launches of all kinds, the Best New Years' bash) and edgy theatre and dance, this is the place to be. If you want non-squeaky seats and snazzy looks, go watch the 'safer' theatre at the Centaur or the Segal. All the other anglo theatre venues in town are run on a shoe-string, staffed mostly be volunteers and have no money to buy anything new.  Most of their furnishings are donated.No one gets into the theatre business to make money honey; you get into it for love of theatre. And I LOVE this theatre.
4	Scrappy, sexy, brawlin, hot, hawt, messy, trashy, bangin and bloody: Mainline Theatre shoots energy directly into the veins of the city's indie art scene. The stairs can be scary and the bathroom needs work but that's secondary for any rebellious arts space holding on to life by the skin of it's teeth while truly trying to protect and foster a bilingual, diverse community of passionate performers, writers, dancers, and experimental artists.The main lobby is a good sized cozy rumpled space for beers and scheming decorated with 20 years of posters from Mainline and from the Montreal Fringe Fest which calls Mainline home. The main performance space can seat about 100 and, wisely, the bleacher seating can be moved around to reconfigure the layout. But really, end of the day, Mainline is all about the extended community that works, volunteers, and produces events there - they are the lifeblood that make it special and I hope they continue to thrive and survive and innovate for decades to come.
3	Interesting underground facility on the St-Laurent Main street.  My first time in that place for the Yelp Montreal - Bouge Bash event and I thought that it was interesting.  Could be a nice place for experimental theatre or a small band concert.
2	the bouge bash !!   i went over to check out the party that i  got an invite for !!! got there and couldnt figure out what was going on, so i started to ask around - oops hold on there , forgot to describe the place  up a flight of stairs into a labryinth of rooms  , and into waht appreared to be a theater venue ?  any back to my story asked a few people and found out this was a way for yelp to round up 200 people put them in one room and feed them very little - so little that i had to go to schwartz's after where i met other yelpers with the same urge to eat !! how interesting is that shout out to organizers - bring us more food  - next time - any way wandered around and had mac and cheese and a grilled cheese sandwich and some pretty good beer - ambiance was laid back and real , eventually i met a very nice asian woman with whom i explored the venue and then sat and watched a dance routine and we had some flesh contact that made the evening enjoyable beyond what i expected !!! would i go back again - for sure - yelp  invite me and i will be there
