4	Once Inside this bed and breakfast you feel as if you're thousand of miles away from Campus Town. Dish out a few extra dollars for the Jacuzzi suites. The staff is cordial and the rooms are cozy and very country-like. As I wandered around the hallways, I realized the doors and walls are definitely penetrable by sound. Be cautious if you're here for a romantic getaway.
2	I dunno about Senator's. They don't have beers on draft, which is a major let-down and they charge $3 per bottle for domestic macro bottles, which is a little high, even for Saturday night, for a bar this shitty. The decor is not dirty or typical trash-bar standard stuff, (promotional wall flair is still present) but it is mismatched in an unpleasant way. Think horny hunting lodge meets upscale steakhouse in 1974 and they have a developmentally disabled child which they name Senator's. The outside is Georgian Colonial. The boys john is safari themed.Saturday night was karaoke (Rockstar) night. The crowd was not for me. It was a cacophonous melange of non sequiturs: couple of obnoxious 40 something guys in golf shirts drinking up the courage to hit on engaged/married younger women (giggity), 30-40 year old dolled up WT queens in Whitesnake video gear, the redishly necked karaoke pros, and us: a gaggle of out-of-place grad students and young professionals.Service was good and the bar is nice and big for such a small place. I don't know if they have food, but I did not see any.
1	This is a dive bar.  We were killing time before a wedding receoption and this place was next to where the reception was going to be held.  I would not recommend this place to anyone.  It's just not my thing.  It's old and dark.
3	Townie Chic.  Weird on Saturday but likely better other nights.Best served with a few drinks.
5	Recently married and used the "Honeymoon Suite" First of all I want to give credit to the staff for keeping the facility so nice and clean inside and outside of the Inn. Lori helped me and let me say that she went above and beyond. Lori helped me by setting up the room in advance for my wedding night. Also Sheri the Inn manager was very sweet and welcoming. The Honeymoon Suite was perfect, the private bathroom was nicely heated, clean, and very spacious. The King size bed was like sleeping on a cloud, the jacuzzi was amazing...I felt like I could never run out of hot water in the in room jacuzzi. I highly recommend this room to anyone wanting a romantic weekend. Again the staff was amazing, room was very clean, and location is great, not to far from downtown Champaign, IL and a movie theatre down the road! I've stayed in a lot of hotels, especially growing up in Las Vegas. I personally think Senators Inn is one of the best places I have ever stayed.
5	For the "inn" only: stayed here in the honeymoon suite for two nights leading up to my wedding. Excellent and accommodating staff, nice old timey decor, and plenty comfy. There was lots of room for the ladies to get ready here on the wedding day. Overall, excellent value with attentive staff for a boutique style B&B.
