5	Give your muscles some Love and avoid the corporate gym B.S.!!  How can you not LOVE a gym that streams Metallica????  The equipment is well maintained and the gym is open and fresh, and the vibe is for serious health conscious work-outs.I have hired the proprietor "Josh" many times as a personal trainer and he is an expert at body-building and athletic style physical conditioning.This a NO-B.S. gym and it is THEE place to go to on the West-Side if you desire a serious place to develop your physique!
1	Billing is a huge problem! I was being charged 98.00 and 56.00 every month. We had to block them as a vendor and after emails saying the would correct it, we still get charged or attempts to run the card. They asked to hold the card on file for a month to month membership and it somehow turned into financing their gym. Same with my brother in law. It seems criminal.
2	I have never had a single billing issue, Josh and Bella are quick to fix any issue I have ever had. Not a clean place, 1 or 2 pieces of Equipment that needs fixing, Music can be to loud at times. Most will enjoy this Quote version of Hard core but I have trained in other Hardcore gyms before that were kept clean, that had toilet paper and paper towels stocked regularly and did not leave trash piled up till it was spilling over before emptying the cans. Personally I am happy to buy out my contract and go to fitness 1 or another close gym
5	I am absolutely in love with this gym! Josh and Bella have done a fantastic job with this place! I was hesitant to join a gym until I found Metroflex! I haven't been a gym member in over 5 years and I have done pretty well without it(lost 130lbs)! But I have come to a point where there is no getting around a gym if I wanna build a lean body! Now that I have found this gym I know I am well on my way! Been a member almost 8 weeks now and I'm down 15lbs and gained some serious muscle! Thx MetroFlex!
5	This gym serves as an example of what a gym should be. Every gym has their success stories, but at MetroFlex, I always see results of hard work and determination. Owners Josh and Bella are the best. The gym serves everyone, from the average person looking to lose weight, to the serious bodybuilder, you will find it all here. Definitely, no BS, Josh and other regulars are always their to offer advice and give support if you need it. If you need personal training, they got it. Specific workouts and eating plans to get and keep you on the right track. Josh is always looking for ways to improve and cater to his members.  Dj's on Mondays, get togethers for dinners and events for all members .  Only negative is that it's not close enough to my house. Take a look at their Facebook page for additional information. You won't regret it.
5	This gym is a no bull$hit gym.  It's as serious as it gets!!!  It's only intimidating if you let it be. Josh and Bella are friendly and very helpful. YouI gain 10 lbs of muscle by just walking through the door, JK. Has everything you should  need. I drive 20 miles from Anthem to go here and pass 2 gyms for a reason.
5	The greatest gym ever. This gym cares about its members and you get results.  Has all the equipment you need and the only gym in az that I have seen that has a vertical leg press. Weather you are just looking to lose weight or looking to compete metroflex is where you should be. You get 24/7 access to this gym.  The only bad thing I can say is at night it gets a bit hot in there but nothing that is to uncomfortable so between sets you may have to run under the fan to cool off a bit. There are lots of ifbb pros who workout here and everyone is willing to help you. You get treated as your family would treat you....and its cheaper than most corporate gyms.
1	How can I give you less than one star? First, I live in AZ and I expect the air to be on when it's 100+ degrees. It smells like an 8th grade boys locker room. As a fitness professional, I'm aware of the risk of contracting MRSA in this place. I have tripped over the torn up floor numerous times and I could go on, but the last thing I will say is that I noticed the owner has been no where to be seen since the temps reached triple digits.
1	No, just no.  So dirty, always out of soap and paper towels. Only meat heads that care about other meat heads. Terrible account management as well. Doesn't even deserve a star.
