4	I guess being a fan of Taco Bell (and posting about it) cancels out my ability to write any food review ever again, let alone be taken seriously. It's a basic fast food chain, most people find it gross and repulsive but I think it's heaven. Constantly traveling and being on the road I find myself craving Taco Bell quite often. Definitely not a good thing but it just tastes too damn good. Obviously if you aren't into fast food, this isn't the place for you. But if you're jonesing for a delicious 5 layer burrito at 1 am, you've found it!I especially enjoy this location by my house because little over a year ago some mofos thought it would be a good idea to burn it down, and they succeeded. But instead of Taco Bell rolling over and giving up they decided to rebuild. And what an amazing job they did. The new Taco Bell is the best one I have ever seen. Good on Taco Bell for shoving it right back in those kids faces!
4	This Taco Bell, located in the Arboretum next to the movie theater, on the Providence Road side of the shopping center, is great if you desire a run to the border.  Built a few years ago at the location where the original Taco Bell from my high school days was torched, it serves as one of three drive-thru fast food joints in the Arboretum.  In several visits to the drive-thru at varying times of day/night, my orders have always been correct (my no-tomato request has always been honored) and delivered quickly.  (Taco Bell,  which is owned by Yum! Brands, which is a spinoff from PepsiCo, serves Pepsi Products - be prepared).
3	I like this Taco Bell! It was completely renovated about 4-5 years ago after burning down so it's nice inside. Great flavor in the steak cantina bowl, $5, but I almost asked for more rice and lettuce cause they didn't really fill up the bowl. Love the new salsa verde packets!!!! They're by the hot sauce. Will be back of course.
1	ZERO STARS!!!Employees are entering the PS4 codes that are printed on the $5 boxes.SUCH BS!WTF! I made the manager give me 4 different boxes and ALL the codes "were already used".I'm calling corporate today to complain.  Not because the 40 year old AA guy was eating food on the prep line, NO....but because this location has employees that are unethical.The WHOLE PS4 marketing campaign is destroyed.This makes me not want to give them anymore of my money.
3	Normally, I get good service in here and friendly people. Tonight the girl at the drive-through screwed up the salad I ordered ask for dressing on the side. When I tried to get her to fix it she wanted to know what was the purpose of the dressing on the side when it comes with dressing., Some people are dieting and maybe they don't want somebody else pouring a big glob of dressing on their salad. anyway A little disappointed with the service tonight.
