3	Oh Fili, you bring back such memories.  Memories of lunch runs from Mountain View High School.  Memories of arizona burritos at 2 AM.  Three rolled tacos with guacamole...This place says it's only closed 1 day of the year on Christmas Day, but I went there on Christmas day and they were open for business!  Fili, you are my lover that never sleeps, the stranger in the night with cold horchata and a mountain of steak, beans, and cheese you call the SUPERNACHO.  Super it is...
4	Good food but stay close to the bathroom!Mexican food is great, super greasy and great after a night at the bar.
4	Did you know that on Tuesday you can get tacos for 99 cents?  Well, you can, and the beef tacos are amazing.  When you bite into them, you have grease running down your chin, so keep a napkin handy.   They come with a ton of fresh crispy shredded lettuce, and they don't skimp on the cheese either.  The chicken however, always tastes funny to me.  STAY AWAY FROM THE CHICKEN.......  They do have some outdoor seats, but this place is pretty much a drive through.
2	I am a fan of taco stands in general, but....This location consistently ruins my beloved bacon, potato, egg and cheese breakfast burrito.  Every now and then they get it just right, but most of the time there's something missing from it.  The bacon is frequently burned to a crisp, and the eggs...OH the poor eggs.  They are browned beyond all recognition and sometimes just a thin layer of bubbly burned stuff.
3	I have to hand it to Filiberto's, they do make some pretty tasty food at a really good price.  Thier open 24 hours, they serve breakfast all day, and gosh darn it, thier all over the place.  I can't throw a rock in this town without hitting a Filibertos.Despite that this place is a mile from my house, its not my normal filibertos location (I hit up the one off southern instead)  I came here because I was across the street at Safeway and had a sudden urge for some tacos and rice.  I swear, service at Filberto's is slow, but this one seems to be slower then usual!  Also, its right near the end of the light rail at Main and Sycamore, so be careful with all the rail foot traffic that happens here.  Can be kinda scary at night trying to make a left on main street!Parkings kinda tight, but if its not busy, you should be okay.  Went up to the window and got my # 3 order to go, and had it out in no time.  The drive thru sucks here, as it weaves through the parking lot, and I fear getting hit when I go through.Anyways, foods as good as it is at other locations, and Im quite full after eating what I could and putting the rest in the fridge for later.  O, this place accepts cash and debit cards only, but if you use your debit card, theres a 60 cent charge for that, so try to pay cash....and theres only 1 outdoor table, so dont bother trying to sit and eat here!
4	My super close, local taco shop. For me, consistency is key, and Filiberto's is always a step above most other restaurants ending with "to's" in that regard.  I'm fairly mental for their Chicken Soft Tacos on corn tortillas. Larger than a typical street taco, they are almost sized more like a mini burrito - Shredded Chicken, a red pepper sauce, lettuce, and melted cheddar = AWESOME. Tuesdays they are only $1, all day!  Finally their Adobada tacos are a bargain at thrice the price. Avoid the Chili Relleno burrito, however. It may be one of the worst things to ever get passed through a drive-thru window.
4	If Japan had these I would renounce my life of crimeThis Lizard is Pissed with all of the, "stay close to the bathroom jokes." take a probiotic and get to it! jennifer M. is in  need of more first world problems....a word to the wise, when ordering street food or grease pit: if it comes from the sea it stays away from me.say it with me  if it comes from the sea it stays away from me.ALL TOGETHER NOW! if it comes from the sea it stays away from me.learn it. live it. love it.
4	This location is good! I have a couple favorite items I like to get here when I'm in the mood. today was just a horchata. bottoms up!
4	Took the light rail to Phoenix today and on the way home I had a craving for carne asada ...  so while waiting for my transfer bus to take me the rest of the way home I decided to grab a burrito from this location . It was delicious, not too much pico de gallo, or guacamole, plus the pieces of steak were tender, and there was plenty for lunch tomorrow. I can not complain about the food, or anything, really. The outside tables were clean, and the staff was pleasant and attentive.
2	We came here on a regular basis until they started wrapping our three rolled tacos with cheese and guacamole in paper rather than the little black boxes that always came in. Now the guac I get charged extra for, is all over the paper and not on my tacos. I'll go elsewhere moving forward.
4	i love filiberto's. as a hispanic American i think the good is pretty authentic for a chain restaurant. the only thing different locations vary in quality of food. this one is always busy which in my experience means the food will not be old, cold or overcooked. the only problem i've had with this location is that sometimes you can wait for a long (sometimes really long) time for your food. if you are in a hurry be aware of that...
