1	This company doesn't stand by their work. I recently purchased a bank owned home and have documentation stating that they fixed the unit in the house before I closed. When the unit would not work, I called them, and they stated that they do not warranty their work on bank owned houses
5	I had just become a new home owner in Las Vegas with a slightly older home. One day the a/c was pumping out hot air. Not good since it gets to be hotter then hell here. One of my coworkers recommended to me Wrich Air and it was astounding how nice everyone is. The guys that came to my house were very professional (not that typical a/c worker look). I was told exactly what was wrong with my unit and was told exactly how much it would cost to fix it. A short motor change later and the air was nice and cool. About 2 months after that the small window mounted ac unit in a separate part of my house (not related to the big units on my roof) wouldn't turn on. So once again I called Wrich Air and they again arrived within the time frame they said. Turns out a circuit breaker just needed to be switched. Being the stand up company that they are, I wasn't charged a penny. I would highly recommend them to anyone who is looking for an honest, trustworthy, professional, and knowledgeable a/c company.
5	The best A/C company in Vegas. The unit at my house kept going out and giving me problems, i called two different a/c companies and they were charging me for a whole new unit! They said there was no other option that my unit was bad. I decided to call one more company before having to buy a new unit, I called Dave Wrich's company and they were very friendly and provide quick service! It turns out my unit was good and it only needed a part that wasn't even a fraction of the price the other companies were charging me! My unit has been working great and I've had no problems with it since then. Thanks again guys!
5	I read the reviews by Rich T., Ciaran M., and Jea J., and decided to call Wrich Air Cooling & Heating for some issues I was having with my central air conditioning. Boy, am I glad I followed their recommendations to call Wrich! Jeff came out to our Summerlin home this afternoon, got immediately down to business, identified and thoroughly explained the issues to me and then to my wife, and now we are back up and running with air conditioning! Jeff is a superb young man, and we were really impressed by him. Add me to the list of folks who give Wrich Air Cooling & Heating 5 stars!
5	This company specializes in old air conditioners. My house in 2008 was 25 yrs old and original air conditioner. Three years later, awful noise and I called AHS, my home warranty, and they sent some other company who told me something stupid and expensive and AHS would not cover it. July: hot as hell. I called Wrich Air as I had seen their trucks in my older neighborhood. Wrich came out, told me what the noise was, told me that he buys up entire stock of parts of companies going out of business. He had EXACTLY what I needed, came while I was at work, went on the roof & replaced the part. $200. Instead of a major replacement the other guy wanted to do. So, now in 2013 I bought another 25 year old residence to be my home. Awful noise from air conditioner on roof. Called Wrich. Still great service, honest, fair price. Wrich is an expert on saving/working with what you have. He also services yearly my friends' houses with newer and double air conditioners. We all love Wrich Air!
5	I had a great experience. My heater stopped working. Called them around noon on Jan. 20th (technically a holiday) and they were able to come by later same day. Jeff was kind and professional. He diagnosed the issue in less than 15 mins and then, completed the work in the next hour. It was reasonably priced and not painful.The issue was my igniter stopped working. It definitely made a difference. Not only is my heater working, when heater starts up, it is more quiet and seamless.
5	I have lived in my house for over 4 years and had never had my A/C or Heater serviced.  So I figured I should do so.  I asked a friend and he recommended Wrich Air.  Making the appointment was easy.  The service tech was running early and checked to see if I would be ready for him early.  I said no problem.  When he arrived he got right to work on my A/C units.  Fast professional and didn't try to upsale me anything.  He then headed to the attic to check the heating units.  Again, fast, efficient and no magical problems that needed a lot of work.  Cost for doing basic service for four units was only $100 total.  Will use them again.
4	Great service, came out same day. Luckily for us it was an easy fix. Can't speak too much about the price, I don't feel like we were over charged but I don't have much for comparison, will use again though. Friendly too.
