5	if you need gas and coffee (or soda) in PHX, QT is the only way to go. for 99 cents you can make yourself a coffee drink however you want, and if you don't like it you can pour it out and start over, just ask my wi-fi.my buddies came to visit from out of town, and the two things they liked best about Phoenix were QT and the vast assortment of whorehouses masquerading as starbucks coffee shops. you didn't think all those people go there for the $4.75 lattes, did you?
5	I go here every morning on my way to work.Everyone knows my name.  I am like "Norm" on Cheers.  Coffee is always fresh and there are a TON of different drinks to choose from.It's super-clean, too!Staff is ultra-friendly.I love Quik Trip!Cheaper gas than most places, too.
5	I saw someone review Quiktrip recently and I'm like "What a loser." Who would review Quiktrip? A life? Better things to do? No? Then my friend lost her job. I told her I'd buy her a drink. I'm very gesturally oriented. It's not the thought that counts. If the thoughts counted, I'd have given the biz to 13,000 women by now. It's the gesture. Especially if it could lead to a knob polishment for yours truly. So we were driving by QT and I knew I could get off way cheaper here than Durants. So I'm like, "Whatever your heart desires, fellow loser who can't hold a job." But while waiting for her to pick herself up off the floor (she slipped in her own salty tears), I noticed some incredible things. Penis-sized cheese tacquitos! My penis-sized mozzarella sticks. Significantly smaller and not quite as good but nevertheless satisfying to the undiscerning. It was clean. It was dangerous. Some guy had to tell another guy in the parking lot "I'm not going to hit you." in order to approach. And my friend paid because I "forgot my wallet" in the car.
5	Seriously... every city in America should be equipped with at least 5 QT's. I have caught myself on more than one occasion raving to friends in other cities about them, and while realizing I must sound completely ridiculous, I'm also realizing they haven't gotten to experience a QuickTrip!I love that they offer fresh brewed iced tea, huge cup sizes, 3 different kinds of ice, a million types of sodas, amazing coffee drinks, yummy individual iced cakes, and cheap gas. Their milkshakes and smoothies are my favorite though.
5	Why 5 stars?1. Yelper sightings2. A grown man bathing at the water pump3. Red Hat Society members filling up on hot dogs and soda 4. Clean Store and Clean Professional Staff that have all their teeth    And5. The Bomb Burrito (That ones for you Bacon Boy!)
5	QT... always amazing. Super customer service, always! Will always drive the extra distance for a QT instead of a Circle K or 7/11
5	I believe when I die, heaven will look a little like this QT. Not any QT mind you, but this one. Why? Their selection of hot instant snackery seems to go on forever. I've grown used to a world where my quick stop options are a hot dog or some cleverly named toquito, but this place has chicken strips slowly rotated over the grill in buffalo sauce, red hots, corn dogs, tomales, it's more than I can bear, but the best without question is the Jalapeno and cheese sausage roll. It's a symphony of delicious. Spicy, juicy, but with a tint of sweetness in the outer roll. And my toppings aren't limited to mustard, there is a much larger than averyage collection of toppings including some fancy mustards and seasonings. Their drink selection includes everything including the elusive "Purple Stuff" and their frozen drink selection includes blue raspberry. A must.Recommendation? J/C sausage roll with nacho cheese, followed by strawberry donught holes and raspberry freeze!
5	Dude its QuikTrip you get gas, a hot dog to go chips beer all 24/7 you have your occasional bum asking for money but that's expected ill always return here
5	Everyone point and laugh at the nerd reviewing a convenience store.Oh yeah? Stuff it. Like donuts? Check this out.Get in your car and drive here around 3AM and try their donuts. Had every single donut place in the area, and nothing can hold a candle to the QT donuts. My guy begrudgingly takes me here every couple of weeks for the donut stake out. It's so worth it. They get hard during the day, so seriously - 3AM or bust.
5	Excellent deals here. 2 for $2.00 gallon jugs of water. Donuts for .49 after 4pm. Guaranteed gas that doesn't mess up your car's engine. Just as the name states, service is quick. After sundown, the tweakers, prostitutes, and crackheads start to roam the area coming from the nearby rent by the week motel unless PPD is on site. (sometimes they hang out there). Beggars can get a little aggressive. Ladies; bring your pepper spray at night.
5	Always friendly, clean & if there is a problem they will look into.
3	Cheapest gas within 8 miles, right by my house. Aside from Indian school being a complete pain in the ass to turn on in the morning, it's great!
5	Who would have thought that I would go nuts over gas station food? Well, hell has frozen over. Taquitos, hot dogs, endless condiments...this is a hungry man's paradise when you only want to spend a couple bucks and you don't have much time.Also appreciated is the COMPLETE LACK of shady people asking for money, homeless people gibbering about, etc. Why can't every other gas station (and convenience store!!) follow this trend and not allow any solicitation whatsoever? Five stars to a gas station may seem a stretch, but they are 100% deserving since their efforts have been 100% effective. Bravo.
1	Not a good place. My gas pump kept stopping over and over I finally just stopped without filling up. Amanda the clerk at lead register an employee since '11, would say hello when the door opened but did not look up to make eye contact with customers that she 'greeted'. While I was at the register she finally looked up from what I guess was her smartphone to ask me if I wanted anything else after handing my card to her. She did not offer me a receipt and quickly found other things for her attention. I am sorry I was such a bother Amanda. When she responded to things I was reminded of my lessons regarding Pavlov and his experiments. (Search Pavlov'sDog). It has to do with automatic response to stimulus, she was like an automaton no feeling just automated lackluster responses. Will make a point to NOT revisit this store.
5	They now have the QT kitchen right inside the store. Order your sandwiches and wraps nice and fresh. They cook them within eye sight behind a glass partition and for 3-4 bucks, you can't go wrong.
1	Firstly,,, I spend over $800 a month at QT stations in Arizona exclusively just on gas, sodas, kitchen, and etc. Now for the meat of this thing; the area is getting a little tough at sundown. Next door is a mental health / homeless shelter. Plus, you have drunk / cracked out homeless wandering the "hood". You got individuals coming up to you aggressively panhandling to the point where it is in the grey area of threatening / intimidating / attempted robbery. The staff at the store refuse to "patrol" the lot, thus resulting in confrontations between drunk belligerent homeless subjects and normal customers like myself. I have complained so many times to the store staff, asst mgrs, and store manager. Useless. Nothing is done except "oh, we called PPD". When the drunk continues towards me in an aggressive and threatening manner demanding money, this is where pepper spray gets presented and the tables are turned and I am no longer "prey" for the criminal. Why should I have to "gear up" just to go to this crappy store and get a soda? I expect better of QT. This stuff is basically Circle K kind of behavior and exactly why I don't patronize Circle K. I will not return to this location till corporate resolves this matter. Armed security is needed in the evenings / early nights. As far as the ladies, make sure you know how to defend yourselves with training, training, and more training. Make sure and bring your defensive tools as permitted by law. You might need them at this location in the evening ; (   Quit depending on PPD to provide security for your store # 440. It is private property and QT corporation is responsible to provide for the customer's well being and safety while they are on the premises. Not, the PPD. Filed complaint with QT Corporate Office regarding this incident as well.
2	Fair enough to get my gas to continue my trip... That is all!
1	Worst qt Ever, an employee actually threatened to power wash my car when I tried to fill up and almost all of their pumps were out of order. I will never go back
