5	These guys were fast and professional. You can't get a better price ($15 for a smog test and $20 for a full synth oil change) that I know of. And they are honest in their diagnostics. And the waiting room is CLEAN, kid friendly, with plenty of diverse reading materials and snacks and beverages. I'll definitely be going back.
5	Best little lube shop in Vegas.   Fast, courteous, right price, fair recommendation for future service, clean, coffee bar with cookies, free WiFi.
5	Hands down, best car-fixing experience of my life!I am definitely giving this place 5 stars because they have really exceptional customer service and offer a wide variety of services! They were fast, helpful, and offered free diagnostics AND free shuttle service! I saved a lot of time and money by coming here. The staff is really friendly and the prices are affordable and reasonable. I especially enjoyed the free fresh baked cookies and coffee in the lobby--what other auto shop gives you such a variety of free teas, coffee, and pastries by the way!
5	Why did yelp take off my review?? I'm so confused. i loved this place! Heard from my friend that it'll make your drive to vegas worth it!
5	Wow! this shop is the best! I have always dreaded mechanics but this place made you feel like they truly cared. The staff was awesome and they live up to their name. Zip zap and your done! The work was immaculate! Highly recommend
3	So far, not impressed.  Was told it would only be 20 minutes in and out for 10 min oil change.  It's now going on 30 min and just saw them pull my car back to start the oil change.  Not happy about being lied to.  If they can't be honest about the wait time, can they be trusted for anything else?
5	I've brought my car here twice and am sold.  They offer all the typical services at very competitive prices.  What I like best about them are they are very honest mechanics.  They actually recommended I not get something serviced that the dealer had been doing in the past because it was completely unnecessary.  Dealer was just trying to make money and they could have also, I never would have known differently.  If you want an honest / trustworthy mechanic, this is your place.  Plus, like a previous person said, they have free cookies.
1	UPDATE: I came back here for an oil change and they tried to up-sell me. They told me that my car only uses synthetic oil which it doesn't... I drive a Ford 500 for goodness sake; even at the dealership, they use regular. When I asked that they just use regular, the mechanic looked pissed and rolled his eyes at me. Umm, talk about unprofessional.When my car was ready, I went to pay and they told me that my computer was broken and needed to be replaced... A part that they quoted at $400+ and labor costs $99/hr- over $1000 for this "needed repair". Wow. I came in for an oil change and they broke my car computer after I denied an upgrade to synthetic... What a COINCIDENCE! Obviously, I didn't agree to the repair and when I got into my car, I noticed that they were talking about the reset for the oil change notification. I realized that they didn't know HOW TO do it so they told me that it was broken and thought they would make a quick buck off of me. Well, sorry to tell you guys at ZipZap, I'm not new to the oil change game and I reset the computer myself!! And magically, this young, dumb female fixed her car.. All by herself! This is the type of stunt that drives customers away. I detest the mechanic up-sell more than anything else. Way to perpetuate the stereotype ZipZap! Consumers will continue to believe that mechanic shops like yours are looking to screw over their customers to make money even then NOTHING is wrong with their vehicles. Though we had a great experience the first time we came here, I had a terrible one by myself and we will not return for any future services.What a shame. Old review: Walked in with my husband to get both of our vehicles smog checked. Samir was at the desk and helped us right away. I showed him the $14.95 special from Yelp. He accepted it and gave us he discounted price without any trouble. He was also kind enough to offer us coffee, water or ice cream which was nice since it was about 107 degrees outside! I can't say enough about how friendly and professional they are here at ZipZap. We had our cars done within 20mins or less. I was relieved when our cars were done being serviced and they put no pressure on us to buy extra services or parts. I'll definitely NOT come back here again! :\
5	Super nice people working here, especially the manager. Went in to ask how long a smog check will take and he told me 10 minutes and he was actually telling the truth! I wish I didn't have to go to work because I wanted to stick around for the complimentary snacks. (cookies were freshly baked, which is always a plus) I even saw some of the guys appreciating my DIY car pieces, but hey! What's a broke college student to do? :)
5	I would never take my cars anywhere else after experiencing Zip Zap.  They are very honest, trustworthy and dedicated to getting your car working correctly.  Here are a few of my experiences as examples.My car overheated on a road trip to CA.  Pep Boys wanted to replace parts of the engine for $1500 and 2 weeks.  Zip Zap spent a full day diagnosing the problem and determined the source was the thermostat.  They replaced it and wanted to make sure that their fix was indeed the correct one.  They closed at 5:00 pm but I got a call from the owner at 6:30 asking if he could take the car out to some steeper roads to recreate the environment we were in when the problem started.  He called an hour later saying the car was good and offered to drop the car off at our house!The dealer told me it was time to service my transmission fluid so I went in for a quote by Zip Zap.  They told me the $600-700 work the dealer wanted to do wasn't required since it was a sealed system.  I would have paid them a ton for the fluid change but they saved me by being so honest.My power steering pump went out and it took them 1/2 a day to diagnose.  The gave me a quote, then found a part for $100 less than expected and passed the savings on to me.  When the part came in, they realized it was the wrong part and got the correct one the same day.  He still gave me the $100 reduced price because that's what he told me and it was their mistake.  I didn't even ask for it.I've had several other experiences like this with Zip Zap.  They have been fantastic every single time.  They don't take appointments at all but their customer service is by far the best of any company I've dealt with in the past 10 years.
1	DO NOT BRING YOUR CAR HERE. I brought my car in on April 8 because I was having issues with my car swerving on 215 and and my A/C went out.  Upon Arriving I was greeted by Russ and Told him about my situation and he advised me he would take care of it. At about 11AM they called me to let me know  they figured out the problem and for the A/C and to fix the swerving would cost me $900. I gave them the go ahead because I wanted the swerving fixed ASAP, as it is quite scary. They were able to fix it by 4PM on Monday but I wasn't able to pick it up till Tuesday morning because of work. On Tuesday morning I picked up my car and Russ went through everything with me. He told me everything was fixed and they even test drove my car on the 215 to make sure the swerving stopped. However, I took my car on the 215 right away and I notice the swerving got worse. I called Russ and he had the audacity to tell me that it was just the 215 and when he takes his motorcycle on the 215 it happens to him all the time. So then why did they charge me to fix whatever they did to stop the swerving, if it was just the 215??I didn't believe him and brought my car back in on Thursday morning. I received no call from them until Friday afternoon letting me know that they changed ownership on Monday. Russ stated that unfortunately I was the last person they helped before the ownership changed from Samir to Russ/Dan. Russ Advised me that the mechanic who worked on my car  was shady and that he pretty much just looked under my car and decided to charge me for the most expensive thing under there.  Russ said he became aware of the shady activity by Monday during the ownership change and asked the old owners to leave immediately.  Then he had the audacity to tell me that I had to fork over another $1500 to fix everything else because the first mechanics made my car worse. I just don't understand if he knew about this on Monday why didn't he tell me this Tuesday morning when I picked up my car and before I paid??? After I threw a fit Russ called the owner and they gave me the option for fixing my car for just the cost of the parts. But how can I trust them after all of this?? Russ even advised me to get a lawyer to sue them???..  I can't even explain how I feel. I just feel screwed over and I just don't even know what to do next .  PLEASE DO NOT BRING YOUR CAR HERE.
5	Great place! Good customer serves, complimentary cookie, 10 kinds coffee/teas, hot coco, bottled water, soda, and ice cream. Wow thats alot! Also good quick oil change. I know I'm coming back.
4	Visited to get my smog done, but unfortunately the owner who also specialized in smog sold the company. I was bit disappointed because the recent yelp review talked about getting their smog completed. The technician was nice enough to guide me to the nearest smog. Hence the reason why I gave a 4 star. The technician also told me he was going to take classes next month to be a smog tech or certified to complete the work. That will be July 2013.
5	I have a crazy noise coming from my car, I thought it was the brakes.  I brought my car here to have these guys take a look at it. (We brought our other car here a few weeks ago to get fixed and they seemed to have fair prices) I also needed an oil change.I brought it over to make an appointment but they don't take appointments, the owner took a quick look at it to see if he could tell if it needed brakes, his lifts were full so I told him I'd come back in the morning.  I brought it over and they looked at it. I thought they would tell me I needed new brakes right away or I was going to die.  They looked at and told me my car is just making a scary noise and it's nothing to worry about, they said they didn't want to "fix" a car that didn't need to be fixed. WHAT??? Are you for serious?? A mechanic who is honest? Get out of town! They told me that I could bring my car in again in a couple of months and they will check the brakes for me. They found a few other things wrong with my car, it's old, so it's to be expected (none of them responsible for "the noise".) But there was no pressure and they didn't make me feel like I am driving a death trap.  They priced out what needed to be fixed for me too, so I know what I am in for. I thanked the owner for not fixing something that didn't need fixing.  He said his philosophy is, a car is a mechanical device, they are going to break, and when they do, that is  when he will fix it. You hear so many horror stories about mechanics not being honest and fixing things just because or "breaking" something else so you need to come back to get your car fixed, so it's refreshing when you find a mechanic who tells you, "I'd give your car to my mother and let her drive to California in it." (I hope he likes his mother!)This place is sandwiched between two other places, Midas and American Auto and Tire. So make sure you go to Zip Zap Auto!
5	Started going here a couple years ago and LOVED them. Very honest, and reasonably priced. Then they sold and things changed. Happy to report that as of April 2014 the old owner is back and they know the importance of customer satisfaction.  Really solid. Even offered me a ride home when we realized that my car needed to stay overnight. Keurig/wifi is a plus. As is the cookies and ice cream (my 6 yr old told me to mention that).
3	Went the place because it said here on yelp the $14 oil change but when I arrived they said it aint available anymore and charged me $30 plus tax for the oil change. But the place has a nice waiting launge with free wifi and food.
5	I've been coming here since I moved. I absolutely LOVE this place! They're so honest and they always take time to explain everything to me and best of all, they're affordable! Everyone is super friendly and the office is clean. Every place I've been to before this didn't really have a comfortable area to hangout till your car was finished but these guys have beverages and ice cream. They've even given me a ride home when they had my car overnight and picked me up. I just really love this place. I recommend everyone I know to go here!
5	Amazing customer service and quality care on all my vehicles. Victor is thorough in his explanation of what is needed and why it is needed. Never any unnecessary diagnosis on my cars.
5	Yep, I've found the elusive unicorn - an honest mechanic in this town. Zip Zap auto appears to be family owned and all of my interactions were with Victor.  The waiting area is great. They have a keurig coffee machine with an array of k cups to choose from, tea, bottled water, and ice cream. I brought my car in because my tail lights were not working. 15 minutes later I was informed it was a break pedal switch and he went over the estimate explaining the charges to me. He said they needed to get the part and to come back in a couple of hours. I brought my car back and they were all set to work on it. Well, it turns out it wasn't the break light switch but an electrical problem. What was initially thought to be a 20 minute job, turned into close to 3 hours as they spent time trying to find the short until finally deciding to replace the wire altogether. Victor was apologetic and even offered to let me use their car if needed. I was in no big rush, so I just popped over to Taco Bell across the parking lot for lunch.  An hour or so later, the problem was solved. He stuck by his original estimate even though there was roughly $300 additional worth of work and repairs.  I was very appreciative of the fact that he didn't try to pull a bait and switch. He honored his original estimate even after it was determined the problem was more complex than initially thought. This shop has my business for all future repairs. They are a skilled shop who operates an honest business.
5	I am always skeptical of garages, and the mechanics in them. Zip Zap is definitely an exception. Super clean front area with a mechanic at the front desk. I explained my problem to him, and took my car right away. The lo by has free Wifi, a fridge with all kinds of free drinks, cookies, and a keurig with a large selection of k cups. Oh, and theres free ice cream! Bathrooms were clean, along with the bay. Victor had great customer service. Would absolutely recommend this shop, and I would even feel safe sending my grandmother here by herself.
5	I was soooooooooo happy with Zip Zap Auto. Everyone, from the front door welcome to the mechanics are exceptionally friendly, and they know their job. The price was affordable to us. They did an excellent job and we are grateful. strongly recommend you to everyone. You can totally trust them. Thank you
5	If you want a combo of a fast and very good service, honest mechanics and very affordable prices,  Zip Zap Auto is the place. The staff is very kind and the place is very clean and comfy plus they offer free WiFi, coffee, cookies, ice cream, soda and water while you are waiting for the car to be fixed. They give you a ride home or even give you a car if you need to go somewhere while your car is being fixed which is awesome because you don't have to change your schedule.  Thank you Victor for the great service!!! Recommend for everyone.
5	Under 30 minutes for an oil change and only cost $33. Can't beat that. Service was great and they have a nice waiting area with free coffee and refreshments.
5	Best place in town. Honest people, real prices!!Clean working conditions, free coffee, soda, cookies, ice cream..
5	Clutch was making a horrible pig squealing noise on my Jeep and I knew it was time for it to be replaced.  initially I went to a jeep dealership service center and they told me they could not see me for at least two weeks because I did not have am appointment.  Decided to take my Jeep to Zip Zap auto since it was a recommended from a coworker of mine.  So glad I did! I brought my Jeep in at about 10 in the morning and they were able to complete my service request the same day.  They even drove me to my home and picked me up when the job was completed.  I was very much impressed with the great customer service and organization of this shop, something which seems to be almost non existent within auto service centers these days.  The prices are reasonable and actually cheaper then that of a dealership auto center and there was no soap opera with the whole process of dropping off and picking up your vehicle!  I have had allot of bad experiences in the past dealing with auto mechanics an service centers and I can honestly say that This establishment is a breath of fresh air, hands down the best experience I have had so far with an auto service center.
5	Great! honest like it used to be. Support your local business. I have a garage I can trust!  Thanks Victor and crew!!
5	very friendly,honest,clean.I will go back if and when I need more work done on a car.highly recommend
