5	Awesome time near the 17th at the Wells Fargo!
5	This my second trip to the course for Wells Fargo championship.  The course is amazing.  The upkeep of the entire grounds were amazing!
5	It's just the best. One of top golf courses in the world and as far as watching golf on the PgaTour not many other venues are as good as this one. Enjoy!
5	I was able to volunteer this year for this event and I had an awesome time on the 15th Hole.  I got a chance to see a lot of players as they passed through.  It is definitely an experience.  I look forward to next year.
5	I was able to dine here twice in one weekend for my cousins wedding. I attended a luncheon for all bridesmaids in one of the beautiful ballrooms overlooking the golf course. The service and food were excellent. I felt like royalty. The array of design, presentation, and selection were amazing. I had a chicken dish wrapped in a crepe that melted in your mouth. For dessert, we were served a beautiful display of an apple tart with ice cream and fruit.I did not think things could get any better until two nights later where the wedding reception began. I could not get over how the club really tried their best to include everyone, serving children their own special dishes for convenience and their personal liking. Chicken fingers and French fries for the little ones if that's what they desired. The atmosphere of the main ballroom was breath taking. There were servers and employees of the club at your every turn, who were beyond pleasurable and professional. Some people would accidentally spill their drink or break a glass on the dance floor, and they immediately attended to the situation. The restrooms were gorgeous! I have never felt so pampered and taken care of. If I lived in the area, I would definitely want to join this club. The views before dark out on the patio overlooking the golf course were probably my favorite part. There were dozens of tables and trees decorated in little white lights and music to your liking. They even provided portable heaters for people to stand around when it got chilly out. I give Quail Hollow five stars all the way. I am not a golfer by any means but this place does it right!
