5	Vegas Discount Nutrition is actually a new business in the Health, Nutrition, and Supplement business.  Don't get this place confused with Vegas Sports Nutrition that use to be here. I'm told by other local supp businesses that Vegas Discount Nutrition bought them, moved just one door down, and dropped their prices.  Yes...for once, a business that can back up their name.  This place is one of the cheapest in town. I remember the previous business had good prices, but Vegas Discount has the best.What to expect:-Great service.  Regardless who's working, I'm always treated good here. If they don't have exactly what you're looking for, they'll check their back stock or even offer to order it. -Prices:  Just about as close as you can get to Bodybuilding.com.  They don't offer the special bulk or stack offers like BB.com, but their individual prices for supps are damn good. NOTE:  If you happen to find supps cheaper elsewhere, Vegas Discount will match it. -Selection:   Whether it's a protein, PWO, Multi-Vitamin, or Post Workout, I usually stick with the brands that I know and have worked for me.  Vegas Discount tends to have everything and more.  Overall, it's obvious that I'm a fan.  I'm still loyal to Spartan Nutrition in North Las Vegas and buy majority of my supps there, but I'm also loyal to a great deal.  At Vegas Discount Nutrition, that's exactly what you'll get...a great deal.PS:  This place even has the old school supps like D-Ribose.  Mix with your favorite PWO and it's magical.  Yeah Buddy!!!
5	Jose and co. are the people to see for your nutrition needs.  Formerly Vegas Sports Nutrition, the only thing that has changed is the name, but it's still has the same great customer service and cheap prices.  Same prices as bodybuilding.com for my Dymatize casein and ISO 100 whey proteins without having to ask for the price match. No muss, no fuss.  They are currently undergoing an expansion, so very soon, there will be even more of VDN to go around--yeah, buddy!
5	Talk about shocked. I have been coming too this location for years now for my protein supplement and little things protein bars more. There usually breaks between stocking up so just bit shocked or thinking something not right. The sign out front of the store is the same but moved one spot down along with the front door. Now it takes up two spots at the end of the same building rather then just one like before. But as soon as walked in noticed the set up was the same just twice the size and under new ownership. Jose was awesome came with asking questions about supplements (had my yelp due duties in mind ask him question; I already knew going in what I was going too get), everything in the store is cheapest price in town, and no matter prior ownership too new one LOVED the fact keep the pricing the same. Maybe just opened but got couple sample packets with my order too!! Still not finish with the store part of it closed off by curtains. Vegas Discount Nutrition is worth every mile or extra gas if your need of protein supplements too anything comes too bodybuilding or healthy fit lifestyle..I am happy the store never closed still have the best spot in town for my protein supplements and more.........))))))
5	Great price and lots of good quality supps. The protein section is wide but I find no where in Vegas that carries my top 2 products, Species and Blue Star. BUT they have every preworkout I could ever want(hopefully they'll be getting the Rich Piana stuff in soon). A ton of herbal supps and vitamins, good choices on BCAAs glutamine creatine and N.O. boosters. Big selection and cheap as Internet pricing. Can't go wrong as long as you know what you want, have an idea, because the selection is really really big and you can get overwhelmed. I send all my clients here.
5	It's a bit of a pain to find but yes, they have be best prices I have seen.  Be sure to stop by and stock up during your visit to Vegas.
5	Best prices you will find! They staff is super fantastic and always willing to answer any questions you have! I come here weekly for quest bars. $1.99 each and my favorites are cinnamon roll and apple pie. I also get dymatize elite vanilla in the 5lbs bottle monthly. They hand samples out at lvac pretty often so you can always try something out before you purchase!
5	clean, easy, fast, cheap!
5	This place is awesome, prices are low and the staff is polite and knowledgable
5	This place is awesome! Friendly knowledgable staff and they really do have the best prices in Vegas.
5	If anybody is still going to the big supplement chain stores you are out of your mind! At vegas discount nutrition you literally pay 1/2 of what you would at those places! And if you figure what shipping would cost and then having to wait for it if you bought it online you would find that its way better to come here.
5	Expect a wide selection of supps, the lowest prices in town and the best service hands down! Check these guys out once and you'll never go anywhere else for your supplements! Terrence, Jose, Nadirah, Juan, Phil and Eric are great people with tons of information. If they don't know, they will take the time to look up information to help you find what you're looking for! AND they give out generous samples!
5	This place is awesome!!!!! I find most everything I'm hunting for and then some. On top of finding great new supplements that complement my training regime. The prices and friendly staff make this place top notch!
5	My boyfriend & I love this shop. Great store, which is conveniently next door to a cupcake store.. HA! You already feel good passing that, to go in. The customer service & knowledge of staff is awesome. They have a great selection of protein powders/bars, pre/post workouts, supplements, shakers & even snacks. Its like a weight lifter's or gym rat's "candy store"! When you check out, they usually offer samples of various products, very cool!
5	I am very happy that we have this place in Vegas. No BS, you can walk in, find what you need, and be out within 5 minutes. Funny thing, when I got into lifting I was told about this place and had never been to a competitor. This was my baseline for supplement shops and didn't realize until later that some shops try to push product and sell you a dream of becoming Arnold in a couple of weeks. None of that BS here.If you don't know what you are looking for it may take longer. The staff are friendly but limit there answers to the questions you ask. I would rather they are less helpful and don't presume to know what I need than if they talk too much and try and up sell or push product on me. It does help to go in with an idea of what you need and having done some homework.So yeah, I can understand why people may say customer service isn't that great, but I like that the place is quick with cheap prices and no BS. They are there to sell product, not be personal trainers.
4	I've been shopping here since it was Vegas Sports Nutrition.  The only real difference now is they have moved a door down and changed the name.  Really good prices and good customer service.  There are still some items I find cheaper on Amazon and at Vitacost but as far as convenience this is a really good option.  They always offer a supplement sample at check out, and the last couple times I have been there they have at vendors offering samples as well.  I do wish they would offer on-line shopping as the previous location did.
5	I was on vacation in Vegas and realized that I had left my vitamins at home. I went on Yelp to check out the stores. Vegas Discount Nutrition had a great rating and was close so we went to check it out. I have shopped a lot of nutrition stores around the country and must say I have never seen anything like this. The store was beautiful, the staff was great, the selection was unbelievable and the prices were half off what I pay for at home. This place is truly online pricing if not better. The amount of inventory they carry is massive. We stocked up and got their card. They are going to ship it to us when we call in orders. I highly recommend them. Check it out !!!!
5	Don't go anywhere else! Their prices can not be beat. Even more awesome now since they have expanded, and location and extended hours are great too!
5	Baseball had Babe Ruth. Boxing had Muhammad Ali. Basketball had Michael Jordan. The nutrition industry has Vegas Discount Nutrition. This IS the one stop shop for weight loss and to build muscle, with the BEST selection, MOST friendly and courteous staff, and very very aggressive pricing. Vegas Discount Nutrition is the whole package wrapped into one. I am able to find anything and everything I could think of here. They carry my favorite wellness brands such as Garden of Life's Raw Meal, NOW FOODs Xyliwhite Non-Fluoridated Toothpaste, Udo's OIl Omega 3,6, & 9, low carb breads and more. They have every hydrloyzed whey protein, isolate protein, fat burner, amino, preworkouts, glutamine, and creatine, from all of the top brands. Being in the fitness world since 1998 I've seen a lot of stores and Vegas Discount Nutrition is undoubtedly the only place you'll ever need for supplements and love yourself for stepping foot in the door.
3	Popped in because I was in the area so I was mainly browsing. I went down each aisle and saw a few unique products. However, the protein bar section had the general bars I see everywhere. I ended up purchasing a few protein chips and quest peanut butter cups. While purchasing the items, I asked the black girl working if she had Hyde or any other pre workouts I could sample. She said they were out of Hyde but had others and then handed me one. I asked her what others and she said only weak ones and started talking to the customer behind me. She did not seem eager to give me samples even though I had purchased something.The customer service was weak except for the guy who opened the door for us on our way out. I'm sure I will be back because prices are fair and they have some protein snacks I haven't seen before.
5	By now, anyone who's ever been drunk and stupid in Sin City knows that whatever happens in Vegas does not stay in Vegas. It spreads far and wide on Facebook and YouTube. This nutrition store is one thing that's happened in Vegas that I hope spreads far and wide too. I was visiting my best friend for a week, and while I was there we went to his gym every day to work out. I overheard one of the trainers telling his client about Vegas Discount Nutrition, so I asked my friend where he got his protein and other supplements and he said VDN also and said I had to see it. It was right down the street, so we went in after our workout.It was dark out and as we approached, BAM!!! Bright yellow neon blazing in the desert night: "VEGAS DISCOUNT NUTRITION" "PROTEIN, SUPPLEMENTS, WEIGHT LOSS". Goddamn, I love Vegas!! Even a nutrition shop puts on a show for you. We walked in and although there had to be at least a dozen customers in there we were still greeted with friendly hello's by two of the staff. As I browsed through the aisles, a friendly but not pushy employee asked if I needed help finding anything. I'm pretty sure his name was Juan, but I could be wrong. Anyway, I told him that for some reason I was no longer getting the vascularity in my arms that I used to. He guided me to a section that had supplements with nitric oxide and explained the science behind how they work and how they give the "pumped" look I seem to have lost. He was so helpful and knowledgeable that it was like taking a class for free. Even though he never tried to sell me anything, I ended up buying supplements with Beta Alanine, Citrulline, and Arginine just because I was so excited about everything he had just taught me. I just started taking them this week, but there is already a dramatic improvement in my vascularity.Besides the uncommonly friendly and knowledgeable staff, the selection of pre-workouts, post-workouts, proteins, supplements, and health foods completely blows away anything that I have ever seen in a nutrition store, especially the chains. Oh, I almost forgot the best part-- the prices. Are you kidding me?? Not only the lowest I have ever seen in a physical store, but some stuff was lower than what I buy it for online. WTF?? How is that even possible with the overhead of a building, rent, and employees? They should call this place David Copperfield's because it's like an amazing illusion that leaves you scratching your head.Sorry, I didn't mean to get carried away. It's just that I'm a business owner myself and I'm completely in awe of the prices, selection, and great customer service here. I spend 80% of every day trying to get my restaurant's employees to understand that their job is not taking orders, preparing the food, cleaning, or any of the busywork that needs to get done throughout the day. It's making customers so happy that they can't wait to come back. Everything else is just busywork in between making customers happy, because without them there is no other work to be done and no jobs for anyone. Hardly any businesses get that any more, but the ones that do thrive. VDN gets it big time.
5	Hands down my favorite nutrition shop in Las Vegas! Super friendly, helpful staff. They give the best advice & unbeatable prices. It's like being a kid in a candy shop just for adults & healthy of course. (:
5	This has become the only place in town I'll buy my supplements. The owners are well informed, the selection and variety is incredible-the best I've seen in town- and the prices are outstanding. Often as good or better than online, and definitely cheapest in town. Even though I recently moved far far farrr across town the trek to come here is well worth it. I've been shopping here over a year and they've always been consistent and I tell everyone I know to check this place out. Definitely a well deserved, long over due 5 star review. If you work out and regularly take supplements you have to at least check this place out.
5	I passed by this place several times and decided to stop on. I just wanted to browse the aisles since it was my first time there. They had a lot of different sections at great prices. Cheaper than I normally pay for my vitamins. They didn't carry my protein, but had other substitutes.  The staff was nice and very knowledgeable of the different products.  They actually look like they go to the gym and use the products. Made it easier to take their advice and tips. They also offer you samples at checkout.  Cool. I will switch to buying my proteins and vitamins from here. I wish they made smoothies.
5	Wow! The selection was great and couldn't believe the low prices compared to their competitors  .  Nadirah was very knowledgeable and helpful from the time I walked in the door. I'm definitely coming back.
5	Best vitamin shop in Vegas, and they have foods that most others don't have. Protein breads, peanut butter, jerky etc... Everything is very well priced and the selection is great. I come here to get all my supplements.
5	Dont  even bother going to other stores, This is the Place.A very big thank you to Terrence and his staff on their exceptional customer service and knowledge on products. An excellent range of protein bars and  weight loss products and vitamins  all very well priced  and the cheapest in Vegas. We will be going back on our next trip to Vegas.Thanks again from  Sydney Australia.
5	Great prices, NO EXPLODE I normally pay over $60, I only paid $29.00.. I also i drop my wallet outside the store and Nadhara found my business card and called me within minutes,. GREAT KARMA for her!!  Its nice to know they hire trustworthy employees .Thank you to Nadhara!!
5	A friend told me about this place because she knows I love my Quest bars. They have the best prices on bars and every flavor they come in. The staff is great and super friendly, always trying to help me  out. I am not SUPER fit yet, (I'm on my journey) so to go to a supplement store and not feel "intimidated" by the people in there is pretty cool.
5	I am a huge fan of online shopping.  I do my research very thoroughly when it comes to both products and prices. I was shocked by how comparative the prices were, but what really sold me was the staff.  They were very knowledge able about their products and their willingness to explain them was what sold me.Also I have been there three times now and each time there was a new product for my to sample.
5	What more can I say?  No more shopping online for my supplements.  This place has awesome prices.  Sometimes even better than what you can find online.  I no longer have to wait to get my supplements. . The customer service is great and the staff there are very knowledgeable when it comes to the products they carry.  Which,  is a plus considering the amount of products they carry there.  I'm honestly thankful to the referring physician who told me about this place awhile back when he suggested I come here to pick up a supplement to take. I'm a faithful customer now.  What more can I say besides to come and check out this place.  You won't be disappointed in the prices and the free samples they hand out.
5	I love this place! I've been coming here for years and have never been disappointed. The staff is always so friendly and helpful. They will give you samples of different products to try out which is awesome! The staff is knowledgeable about their product and again helpful if you have questions on what to use, etc. The prices and service can't be beat!
5	Recently moved to Vegas and was looking for a new shop to pick up supps. A quick google search lead me here. Saw a bunch of places closer to me claiming they had the lowest prices in Vegas but glad I made the drive here. Very knowledgeable and curteous staff. Gave good advice and didn't try to give biased praise towards any particular product. So the choice was yours amongst the top stuff they'd recommend, which is how I like to make my decisions anyhow. I was looking for a new preworkout and one of the staff, Terrance, handed me some samples to try before I even made a decision. Hell, I could of walked out and took the samples but I found some good choices for cheap. A lot of the supps are same price as you'd find online or even cheaper. When I checked out they gave me even more samples and gym passes..Very happy to say the least. Will be frequenting this place to re-up on supps bi-weekly. Prices are too good to pass up and the staff is great
5	The ONLY place where I'll get my protein & Quest bars! Great prices & a friendly knowledgable staff. Can beat that!
5	Friendly, knowledgable staff makes this store a notch above the others. I am getting ready for my first competition in November and Mark kept me in check! The selection is amazing and the prices are even better. Everything you can ask for from a nutrition supplement store. Thank you again to mark and Anthony.
5	Was recently in Vegas with my family for a bodybuilding show and was looking for some supplements at near by stores. Almost all the supp stores I visited were either over priced or didn't have the variety I was looking for until I came across Vegas Discount Nutrition. They had everything you could imagine! From protein to pre workouts, recoveries and much more. The variety was outstanding, the most favors I've ever seen in one store! And the prices were the best, the lowest prices around without a doubt. The staff there was very friendly and extremely knowledgable in the supplement field, all of them were NAFC certified nutritionist. They even offered free samples on the way out! I couldn't ask for anything more. I recommend this store to anyone looking for any type of supplementation. I will definitely be returning to VDN on my trips out to Vegas.
5	Hands down the best Nutritional Shop in Vegas! I just threw my GNC Card away after visiting these guys today. I found a new place, its like a kid being in a candy shop! Unbelievable prices!!!!
5	I work as a trainer at Gold's Gym, I shop here for all my nutrition needs. The staff is knowledgable, friendly and inviting. I have met the owner on several occasions. He is your normal blue collar, hard working guy, very approachable. I recommend this to all my clients!
5	I'm a newbie to the fitness world so when I walked in and was warmly greeted by Mark, I was instantly relieved. I spouted off a laundry list of requests and he walked me through my options and patiently answered my questions. I'll certainly return. Thank you Mark for making me feel at home!
5	Best prices in town!  Love the huge selection of products and supplements!  Friendly knowledgeable staff too!!
5	Best service, prices, selection, quality of products anywhere and I've been into health and fitness more than 30 yrs!  Only shop here for all your products!
5	Great place and competitive pricing. My husband I used to buy powders, bars, BCAA's, and creatine online. This place is competitive with their pricing, we've never had trouble finding what we're looking for, staff is always friendly and helpful, and it's next to a cupcake shop. Score!
5	I normally get my supplements either online or at the chain store.Anyway,since I start working out with my personal trainer at Gold's Gym I has been shopping at this place ever since.My trainer recommended me this store and I am a happy girl.This store carries various brands and staffs are quite helpful and knowledgeable about their products.Their price is reasonable and lean towards a cheaper side which is good for anybody who take lots of supplements.I will definitely return.Thank you my trainer-Manny for recommend me this store.
5	I have been using this store for a while now and everything is on point here. The prices are the best you will find in town and very competitive. The products are very extensive with every single flavor of protein you can possibly imagine. Not to forget the very helpful staff, their knowledge is extremely good.
5	This place does exactly what they say. Offer a WIDE variety of nutritional supplements at a discount that I have yet to see in the valley.After being fed up with nutrition ion Rush's terrible customer service and lack of inventory, u decided to give this place a shot. They make NR look like child's play. Saved $20 on my bi weekly supplement  run. I will be back and this will be my new spot!
5	I love this store! The staff are knowledgeable and friendly. The prices are low. The selection is outstanding! I highly recommend it.
5	Stocked up on some supplements.  Got some protein, BCAA, and a few other items.  Very helpful staff also gave me some pre work out samples and some new Jay Cutler samples.
1	We'll just wanted to get lean body single serving packs? Vanilla, chox, strawberry.  They didn't have the one with all 3 flavors in the box so I asked if they could mix one for me.  All I wanted was a box of all 3 packs! And at 48.00$  I think they could have done that.  I didn't want to buy just all vanilla or all chocolate, etc.  With all the variety there I don't know why they don't have that.  So much for customer satisfaction! Back to online ordering.  It was lee labrada lean  body incase anyone knows a place!
