1	This is separate (not the same owners) as the Ray & McQueen location and the Warner and McClintock...has to be because the  method of making the deep dish pie was totally different and even the crust was different.  Cheese on top, so it was OVERDONE.  No where near as good as the pie at the original dine-in location at Ray & McQueen.  If you are craving deep dish from Rosati's, go to Ray & McQueen.
4	Granted I've never eaten at the location the other reviewer is talking about and the deep dish isnt as good as the true Chicago style you'd get in Chicago itself but the pie does deserve more than just one star.We order the deep dish every once in a while and it always tastes delicous. The regular pizza's are very good too.
1	I was SOO hoping that Rosati's would deliver with great, Chicago style pizza.  I was very disappointed in the end result.  My husband and I orderd a large garden salad that came with iceberg lettuce, 6 tomato chunks, a few cucumber slices and some green pepper.  The croutons and dressing were prepackaged and not made in-house.  It was definitely not worth the $5-6 they charged for it.  I was totally willing to overlook the salad when the pizza came out.  It looked delicious!  It had a thick crust, lots of cheese and pineapple and ham, but after the very first bite we were both very disappointed.  The crust was weird-it was not chewy or doughy like regular pizza dough. It tasted like crusty bread from the grocery store.  The pizza sauce was runny and had absolutely no flavor to it at all.  The pineapple was canned, so it was a little hard and I could barely taste the ham.  I LOVE pizza, we eat it once a week, but I only ate one piece of pizza and I can honestly say, that has never happened in my life!  Save your money and find your Chicago style pizza elswhere, it was definitely not happening at this Rosati's!
2	The food was good, but the service was substandard. We showed up before 8:30PM, and placed our order for dine-in. Then as we were sitting down the girl came out and told us that dine-in was not available, only carry-out. The sign on the door said they are open until 9PM.  I asked why dine-in wasn't available, and she just said that the owner wasn't there and that they don't allow dining in after 8:30P.  We decided to just get it to go, and not make waves.  I would hate to see what would have happened to my food If I argued about it.While we were waiting for our "carry-out" meal, a customer came in, and while he was getting ready to order. The girl behind the cash register said, "We are only serving take-out right now, not dine-in.... and we are open for three more minutes." It was only 8:50PM. The customer just turned around and walked out. Obviously they were eager to go home on time and did not really care about their customers.
4	Maybe I'm not a pizza connoisseur like the others??I'm a fan of their pie and haven't been disappointed yet. It's always ready when they say it will be and it's hard to beat their special - order a large one topping pizza and get a free cheese pizza. That special works out wonderfully for my friends who prefer their slice of heaven sans meat and veggies. Will continue ordering until I find something better that is closer...which I don't think will be anytime soon.
5	Clean restaurant, friendly staff, good food, this place was great !!!
2	Decent pizza, but don't bother dining in.  The service is negligible, plastic forks and knives, paper plates, and self serve drinks.  The place is too small and carry out patrons are constantly standing around your table.  Not very relaxing.
4	We've only gotten delivery from Rosati's,  and while its a pricey pie, it's always been yummy! We have had multiple orders and every time they delivered hot pizzas on time.
3	I took my kids for lunch here because we wanted some fried chicken...I heard their fried chicken was good, and it is a large portion.  We went inside, and there was only one other patron there, but it looked like she was one of the employees eating pizza.  We didn't get pizza, but her pizza looked great.  We ordered the fried chicken meal and it comes with 4 pieces of chicken and a large basket of fries, which I split with one of my kiddos.  My other kid got the chicken tenders.  We sat down and waited for our food, and it was brought out in a timely manner, and the staff was friendly and knowledgeable.  The fried chicken was great - nice and crispy...very good for a pizza joint.  The chicken tenders lacked flavor or seasoning so they were pretty bland.  They also had a movie playing on the flat screen while we were there - it was Lord of the Rings, which we love.  After eating, I looked around at the place, and there were some very dusty areas, one of which was dust on the open sign hanging from some chains.  The chains were so dusty and made me wonder if that isn't clean, then what else isn't clean?  They had another sign that hung from chains a few feet away from us and it was just as dusty as well as the black electrical cord...it had some hairy dust on it too.  The other place I noticed dust on was the air duct and air vent...since the ceiling is open, you can see these items clearly, and they had dust on them.  There were also hanging lights, but those didn't seem to have dust on them.  Seems like they just need a ladder and a slightly detailed eye...but management needs to enlighten their staff about these details....it was very obvious.  Things like this make the customer wonder what else isn't clean in the back where the food is being prepared.  I hope they get it together.
2	Got home late from work and didn't feel like cooking, we've just moved into a new house and had a friend over helping put the final touches on unboxing the place.  We ordered our favorite!  Rosati's.  I was disappointed that this location didn't seem to offer all the same items as other Rosati's and the online menu on their web site would not come up even as I was on the phone with them trying to order for delivery.  They were nice but not as helpful as I thought they would be.  I ordered two pizzas and the family size fettuccine Alfredo .. The pasta was dry and the sauce was not creamy at all, the chicken was bland and it just missed the mark.  We had the cheese and the pepperoni pizza on thin crust.  As always I love the flavor of their sauce and they use high quality cheese but unlike other Rosati's that I've tried, the crust was limp.  Even though it's thin crust, the other locations I've received delivery from still sent us out a crispy, light .. almost cracker crust that isn't burned.  Still love Rosati's but last nights deliver missed the mark.
5	We decided on takeout. I ordered fries and a veggie pizza. She ordered the homemade baked lasagna, a fountain soda, and plain cheesecake. What I loved: 1) Taste of Food2) Employees3) Professionalism (attitude, helpfulness, etc.)The delivery guy had a genuine personality and awesome attitude. I gave a wrong address and corrected it online. I received a timely text message and had everything taken care of. I even called the "place" to have the correction made. The person who answered the phone sounded like a wonderful guy and assisted me asap! I recommend this place to anyone who treasures good food, expects professionalism, and wants a pleasant delivery service.
1	This was the second time eating at this location and it was absolutely awful. The first time we ordered a deep dish pizza and the stupid delivery boy must have set it funny in his car because all of the cheese and sauce were crammed to one side of the box and there wasn't a scrap left on the actual pizza...gross.  My office used to order from the one on Power for lunch at least once a month and they had the BEST chicken parm I have ever had! This location however, it was not even edible. Instead of an actual chicken breast it was about 5-6 slices of chicken about the size of my finger that were all dried out and mostly burned, also the spaghetti that was in some nasty, watery, marinara soup was burned on the top. How is it possible to burn spaghetti?! Went right I the trash.
5	First customer today. Ordered a slice of pepperoni, sausage and mushroom with a side of mozzarella sticks and a coke. The sticks came out a bit burnt, need to turn the fryer down and cook a little longer. Pizza came out perfect. Crispy crust, great flavor. love coming over here, never a bad experience.
1	This place is horrible.  I have ordered from them several times because I live in an area where few people deliver.  They have consistently been very late in delivering, sometimes up to an hour later than they said.  The food has been inconsistent, but tonight was a new low. I ordered Onion Rings that were literally refrigerator cold, I don't think they had been cooked.  I ordered boneless buffalo strips that came with no sauce.  I paid extra for Ranch that was not delivered.  I threw the food away.  I will never again under any circumstances order from this place again,  I will drive no matter how far rather than have them deliver.  There are not words to describe how bad they are.
3	We tried their pizza. It was way too soggy. Tasted kinds odd. Maybe we are not familiar with type of pizza. But their pasta was awesome. And I normally shy away from pasta. Their chicken Alfredo with artichokes were great. We ordered for lunch and they delivered right on time.
1	Seriously this place was awful. We (my boyfriend and myself) came in on a Saturday for lunch. Not a soul was in the  place. There was no music on no tvs (even though they have 2 or 3 flat screens) and no one greeted us. After a few minutes a child about 8 years old came out and took our order. Then I assume his mom came out and took our payment after we asked if we could order slices only. She said yes but it isn't on the menu. For the slices of pizza and a drink was over $20! Really?  For that price we could have bought 2 pizzas. We then waited for 25 to 30 minutes for 3 slices of pizza (cheese and pepperoni) which were brought to us by another 7 year old. The children were polite and did their "job" well for being minors and underage for working. The food was terrible. More like school lunch pizza would have been better. We will not be returning again or to another other one.
1	Our delivery was 20 min passed when we were told it would arrive. I called twice, 2nd call spoke to a gentlemen who could careless about our order. Said he could credit my account $10, for our next order after I had to ask what was going to be done. He didn't even apologize. He let me know we were the 3rd delivery. So of course we got cold pizza, warm wings and soggy bread sticks by the time the order arrived, yum! :/I would recommend some better customer service. It's a good thing you have a reputable name on your building.
4	We always order our pizza delivery from this location now. The thin crust pizza is pretty good. The pizza is a little expensive, but we get coupons in the mail which helps.
2	First store blocks from my house in 4050 McQueen, Chandler does not take my Chandler Store Groupon.  They told me to the other Chandler store in a pushy nasty way  I went through the same hassle with the Alma School Store they saying theyalso  do not take Groupons.  They said try the store 8 miles from my house that I figured was in Gilbert.  Nightmare,  cold pizza that was not very good and an $8 salad that came in a bowl smaller than a cereal bowl.  The dressing and baggie of croutons comes in lil sealed containers like you get at Mcdonalds.   This for $33 and an hour + 40 minutes delivery time.   Looks like big corporate replacing the Rosati Family.
1	Wow, a lot changes in 5 months. I gave 5 stars back then but with this new ownership, not this time.Order my usual and was told it would be 20 to 25 minutes. So I headed over at 30 minutes and was told by (Darrin I think) said that my order just came out and he'll go get it. So I waited 10 more minutes while he and a driver were chit chatting in the kitchen to get me slice and cheese sticks. When he finally handed my order to me, he offered no apology.Once I got back to my office the order was not correct and the slice was cold. I gave them a call and Darrin tells me he's the manager, so I told him the problem. Again no apology, he just starts whining about being the only person back there with 4 orders. I explained to him getting a slice out to a waiting customer makes sense since they cool off faster than a full sized pizza. This clown goes on to tell me how difficult it is to work back there by himself and I must never have worked in the food industry before.... well, jackass, yes I have, for many years and I learned two things- how to prioritize and how to offer great customer service. So in trying to find a real manager to speak with I called the Val Vista store, the young ladies there had no idea what to do so they told me to call Nicole back at 5. To the owners of these franchise locations- you need to do some in depth training of your staff on a variety of issues.
1	This pizza is complete crap! Not cheap either. The pizza was like flatbread and it tasted like cardboard. Yuck!
