3	The staff is great...super friendly, not just when they're greeting you as you come through the door but the whole time you're in there.Very helpful and patient.Only cons are not enough selection. Their other locations seem to carry more. They also don't have a lot of set up examples of specialty pet/aquatic set ups. (ie...terrariums...live plant aquariums, etc.)
3	I came into this Petsmart because it is close by my house and I was running my Saturday errands at Sam's Club. Typically I get our dog food at Target because I have found it to be the least expensive there. Target was having supply issues with my brand so I went to this Petsmart only to find out that they were also having supply issues with Iams. Turns out it's an Iams/Eukanuba thing, not a store thing. I snagged their last small bag of my brand and roamed the aisles looking for a replacement food. It was overwhelming and I felt disadvantage because I'm had not prepared by doing any online searching or research on brands. I was looking for a healthy dog food that did not have a ton of filler. I went to the counter and asked for help and their associate came back and gave great assistance and advice. At first I was skeptical to trust the advice of a random Petsmart employee, but I felt she spoke with great experience and knowledge. I purchased her recommended dog food and we began blending it with the old food per the instructions. The dog loved it and I did my post purchase research and found that she had given great advice! Yay! No buyers remorse for me!
5	Came a few days ago for a lease, wasn't sure of size needed, so I guessed, three times! Finally got it right, but hey, the store didn't bat a eye lash when I returned the ones that didn't work, they just asked if I needed help picking out a replacement. Since my cat has been loosing weight, I could not get the size down, so after my attempts, finally got the small dog size and sure enough it worked. Now to get the cat used to it before we need it. This store has everything you could need. They is even a new section by Martha Stewart, everything for you little pet. But her stuffs pricey, a lease from here collection, $19.99, boy that's steep! The store is clean, neatly kept, well organized and they have grooming services. The employees were friendly and helpful, they looked like they enjoyed their jobs, and I would make this a regular place.
5	This is my favorite PetSmart store in the entire Las Vegas Valley.  Why?  Well, for one the staff is always helpful and nice.  My boyfriend and I got our Rats Cyrus and Adelle from here since they were a female pet store.  Adelle's temperament wasn't exactly a kind one so we ended up giving her back to the store and got Dawn.  These two rats together were so sweet together.  Unfortunately, Cyrus contracted a disease and left us to be with other rats in heaven.  Now, it's just Dawn and us.  We figured to just keep her without any other rats in case she had the disease too.Anyway, we didn't know how to raise rats and didn't really know what to do with them.  Luckily, there was a young female clerk who knew a lot about small animals and gave us all the knowledge we now know.  She was so helpful and took the time with patience to explain how to be parents of rats.Also, everyone seems to be happy working here every time we're here to get our doggy and ratty stuff.
5	Normally I don't write reviews of huge chains, or non food related places - but I was so impressed today I can't help it.I bought a As Seen on Tv Handy Groomer thing, which is basically a fancy plastic contraption to store dog shampoo in it and it mixes shampoo with the water for easy use.Well the shampoo wouldn't mix in with the water, so it was just like  a hose attachment for indoors and out, so I went to exchange it as I like the idea and that I can use it either indoors or outdoors.  I mentioned to who I assume was the manager I was sad I wasted a almost half a container of shampoo pouring it into the thing for it not to work and he goes"Go pick out another shampoo and I will comp you for it" even though I didn't buy the shampoo there!  I was so impressed with the customer service!
4	This is a very nice facility.  The staff is friendly, though they kept trying to pawn dog training off on me.  It could have been a little more organized, there were a lot of mis-placed items but I'll blame that on my vist being too close to "Black Friday".  The location of this store is great, the whole plaza its in is fantastic.
3	I don't typically shop at Petsmart for my dog and cat food or toy needs as I typically find that Walmart or Target tend to be cheaper, but on this occasion we saw that they were having a sale and we found that some of our regular brands were actually cheaper, which was great. The store is pretty organized and clean and they have quite a good stock of clearance items. The staff was pretty friendly and helpful and I will probably be back from time to time, but it won't be a regular spot since it's easier to one stop shop at the larger stores.
2	I give them an A-OKService: 2/5 The service here is alright but I've experienced way better the cashiers here don't really stand out as superb employee's but still act attentive. I could tell my cashier girl was bored or tired. Either or she didn't seem nice or chipper. Groomers: 2/5 Unlike the cashier the groomers were all sweet and chipper only if they could groom... I brought my cocker spaniel in for a cocker cut. Which is short on the back a little bushy on the belly and fluffy legs. I had an appointment and still my pup was stuck in there for 4+ hours. I even told them my cocker spaniel doesn't do well in cages because he tends to freak out and bark a lot but I guess it didn't matter to them. I paid for the full works package which included hair cut, grooming, wash, teeth brushed, and nails clipped. When I finally got to pick up my dog. The cocker cut was all wrong, A cocker cut had fluffy legs my dog had short legs. Totally wrong also I don't think they shampoo'd my dog because he still smelled the same when he came out. Not sure if it'll come back to this groomers but maybe it was just that one groomer.
4	The more I get to know some people, the more I like dogs.  Yep, that tends to be true more often than not.  So I dig places that cater to my dog.  The staff here has always been helpful (when I've come in with or without the dog), and has been patient with whatever questions I have, even if it's just directing me to something in particular.  I've never not been able to find something at this store, it's clean, and the staff is pleasant. Definitely a great place to go for your pet-care needs.
5	Superior customer service, huge selection, great prices, and very clean!  We have been going to this PetSmart location since they opened for all of our dogs' needs, including grooming.  We love this store because all of the clerks are super friendly - they will recommend certain toys, treats, or leashes (without being pushy), they will greet my dogs and give them treats (they ask first in case any of them have allergies or diet issues), and they know where everything is located.  They also have a superior return/exchange policy if you need it.  We love this store and will not be shopping anywhere else for our dogs.  They truly are all about you and your pets.
4	I have a soft spot in my heart for this Petsmart because I adopted my cat here at one of their shelter adoption events. If you are looking for a new companion, be sure to check out the cat and dog adoptions. The store hosts local animal shelters and you can adopt a pet in need! They do NOT sell cats and dogs (but they do sell fish, birds, small reptiles and mammals like mice and hamsters...I don't really like ANY animals being for sale but it is what it is). This is a sparkling clean and well organized store. I shop here from time to time to pick up some fresh catnip or toys for my kitty. The prices on everyday things like food and cat litter aren't very competitive when compared to Target or Wal-Mart but they do carry specialty toys, pet carriers, beds and items that you can't find anywhere else. Petsmart is what I call the "Dean & Deluca" of pet supply stores; they carry higher end things or hard to find items. Lots of parking and pets on a leash are welcome. There are always some cute dogs to pet when shopping here.
4	I think Petsmart's selection is better than Petco. Clean store, great staff. On site pet clinic, grooming and obedience classes available. They sell a new puppy coupon pack for $20...includes free food, grooming, daycare, etc...makes it well worth the price. Get a Petsmart's card for greater savings. Close to my home too which is a bonus for me.
1	just really funny how i try to buy a pet in there and whatever the lady calls him as a boss? and he doesnt want to sell it to us, he keeps making an excuse that the pet will die because the tank so small, and their tank just same size as mine. ridiculous. cuz we look like a kid is that why? but we are actually 19. never get in this place anymore!
4	The customer service is alright 98% of the time. One time when my friends and I stopped for some rat food, I saw ferrets eating what looked like their own feces in their water bowls and a rat that looked deathly ill. When I confronted the manager about it she instantly took an attitude with me and was super nasty. I had to actually take a step back and say, "Wow! Hey lady, i'm just concerned and asking." She never fully recovered from being completely rude... I guess she thought I was a 6ft tall PETA member on a mission or something. Still, the next time I went i've never seen sick rats or 'baby' ferrets eating 'slop' again. The other time I was with my husband and I could not find a single Petsmart rep to help me find something for my cat. We ended up giving up and luckily found something at Walmart in the same plaza.Other than those 2 instances, we generally just go for cat/dog food. Get the food, check-out, done. The check-out is always pleasant. (haha except when the person behind you is literally inches away from you... must be a Vegas thing. Happens everywhere we shop. No personal space unless you force it lol)
1	Catelyn the blonde heavy set cashier with glasses is a rude b*tch! Store was messy & I will not return or give this store my business ever again. I love the Pet Smart off Eastern & Silverado ranch. Their staff is ALWAYS FRIENDLY & HELPFUL.
5	friendly employees and lots of pet products.cousin has a retired eye seeing laborador in korea.went to buy glucosamine chew tablets for his dog. lots of selections.got the gnc one.i like it when i seem well mannered pets with their owners in the store.
3	I like this store...it's better and cheaper then Petco, really great stuff, very helpful, a while back, one of the employes spent over 10 min with me, helping me decide the best cage for my African Grey! How great is that! A ten in costumer service !!!Now...the part I don't agree with, since I'm such a freak when it comes about good deals...the Banfield Pet Hospital inside the store...the front desk lady was so pushy trying to sell me some stupid insurance for my puppy, I felt like shaking some common sense out of her...puppy plans at $407 a year, adult plans $491 a year!!! Really people? How many times do you spend almost $500/year on your vet bills?!??!? Is this a joke? And than, of course she offers o recommend me the most expensive dog food the store has to offer...really? Are you telling me that on your front desk salary you can afford it?!Other than that, the pet private class sounds good! No, not the ones for $109 for each beginner,than another $109 for intermediate, another $109 for advanced and than another $109 for click-a-trick class...no way! I'm all about saving money, I work hard for it!!! And so are you! So try the private classes, $209 for 4 hours! I'll let you know how it goes!Cheers
3	I shop at Petsmart for cat food for the queen of our household.  Since I was doing other shopping at the plaza, I went here.The stores are pretty much laid out the same.  I found what I wanted quickly, checked out very quickly, and I was on my way.The cashier was friendly and efficient.  A good stop for the queen's food!
1	Being a three dog Mom and fostering dogs on the side I often find myself in Petsmart just not generally this one.  I went in looking for two specific items, a Zoom Groom and a shed blade.  I asked Eric, the store manager, if they carried these items and because every store is set up a little differently where I could find them.  He was rude, short and abrasive.  Said they didn't carry anything called Zoom Groom and to check at Bed Bath and Beyond and anything else would be in the back.  He was an *ss but I figured check out what they had anyways since I was there.  In the back I run into another employee, Ira, who offered his help and suggested even checking with the groomers to see what they suggested.  I did this and what do you know, about five different colored Zoom Grooms they sell and the store manager didn't even know it.  On my way out I made a comment to him that he should know his merchandise and he said he thought I said Zoom Broom.  Really!  Even if that's the case as a manager wouldn't you say something like, Do you mean the Zoom Groom or let me show you what we have?  I have been in plenty of Petsmarts and have done product demos in a variety of pet stores and fortunately Eric is not your typical employee as most go out of their way to help you.  But due to his lack of customer service skills this is one Petsmart I won't ever step foot in again.
5	Our groomer Wendy is amazing. We have a dog that is difficult with people because he was a rescue. Wendy was the first person to suggest that we go to the same groomer every time so that our dog Freud could become more comfortable with the grooming process. Wendy was right because Freud did become very comfortable with her. Every time we picked up Freud he looked great, smelled great, and seemed happy.The world needs more groomers like Wendy!
5	Super happy with the dog groomers at this location. It had been a few years since we used pets mart groomers but we will be using this location going forward. They were friendly on the phone when I called to make an appointment, they explained the process, set an appointment for us that fit our schedule. Now on the day of the grooming I was greeted with smiles and got our dog checked in. They finished the grooming and called to advise so I could finis higher errands while they treated out doggie. I was able to pay and then go back and pick up our dog. They gave us a report card and put cute bows in her hair. Great service, used quality products because our dog smelled so good and the shampoo did not irritate her skin. Grooming was everything expected and better.
5	I like this PetSmart, very clean and stocked. The staff were wonderful, very friendly. PetSmart is a great place to shop for my dog, they have a variety of things. I know for sure to get my dog's Halloween costume there, right now they actually have a sale on them. I just appreciate a well stocked and labeled store, I truly do. By looking at the animals' cages and crates, very clean and upkept, that they really cared for the animals that are waiting for a good home. So if you want to get a puppy, kitty, fish, hamster, gerbil, ferret, rat, birds, etc this is the place!
5	Last time I brought my dog in, the dog grooming academy was there and offered a discount if I'd let them practice on my puppy. I agreed because I know how important it is to get hands on experience for students and I was so happy with my choice. My pup looked so amazing and I was so pleased. Wished the academy was there more often!
5	This is my favorite pet store (out of petsmart & petcos in the area). The staff is always super friendly, they have great selection, and is super clean. We recently brought our dog to the pet hospital for his shots. Coming from the east coast, we felt we didn't want to chance going to an unknown vet. We were happy with the vet & vet assistants. However, we did feel they were a bit pushy with purchasing their insurance plan, even though we already have our own.Mainly- I wanted to write a review about Wendy in the grooming salon. Wendy is just absolutely outstanding. We have a morkie (half maltese/half yorkie) who is just barely 7 lbs. He's very sweet, lovable, friendly, outgoing, but tends to get very timid as well. We brought him to Petsmart on N Rainbow and they nicked the inside of his little legs, I would not recommend going there. He was groomed at another place as well, that did an okay job but we weren't thrilled. Then came Wendy here at this petsmart at Arroyo Crossing. She is SO wonderful with our little dog! She's groomed him several times now and always does a fantastic job and is so great with him. Wendy also is always very good at listening & understanding/deciphering the style we like our little guy to be cut. He always comes out so happy, clean, and freshly cut, nothing choppy. Yesterday we were in the store with him & she was outside the grooming salon. I hadn't noticed her but our dog sure did! He ran up to her & was so excited to see her. I loved this. Wendy is super sweet. The grooming world needs more Wendys!
1	DO NOT TAKE YOUR DOG TO THE GROOMING DEPARTMENT OF THIS LOCATION. Upon walking in seeing small and large dogs alike being manhandled by the careless and incompetent staff, I hesitantly let one of these butchers give my dog a normal grooming. Three hours later upon pick up, my dog had an irritation in her right eye and could not so much as to open it. I was then told by this nitwit, DAVID, that I had brought my dog in this condition knowing full well that I did no such thing. My family and I took my dog to the vet soon thereafter to diagnose the problem. We were promptly told that she had SHAMPOO IN HER EYE. So according to this pet grooming blockhead I had taken my dog to the grooming salon with shampoo in her eye and thought it was totally fine. The vet gave my dog some eye drops and said she could recover by tomorrow, but if not there could be serious problems. Not only could they not own up to their mistakes, but they instantly put the blame on me. Absolutely horrible and completely wrong. Please do not let these monsters take care of your pet.
4	This is a really nice pet store. Most of the staff is very friendly and helpful. The animals are healthy and well cared for, and the habitats are kept very clean. The staff at the Banfield pet hospital inside the store is amazing! They are the most friendly and helpful I have ever come across. Dr. Reide, and Dr. Coleing are the nicest veterinarians I have ever met. They genuinely care about their patients and the pet parents.The grooming salon staff is above average and will make your pet look their best.If you are looking for a new addition to your family in the form of a cat then look no farther than "Heaven Can Wait" the cat adoption partner for this store. If you are searching for a canine companion, then "Furgotten Friends" is the one you should see. They are the dog adoption partner for this location, however, they are rarely in the store.
2	Always fun shopping for my pets at petsmart. Betty is always wonderful and helpful! On behalf of grooming though, we will no longer be customers. We take our 2 dogs to the grooming salon once a month for a nail grind but were just notified that the service that we normally pay which is $12.99 a dog is now $21 a dog. It's insane that it's almost doubling in price. We will now be supporting a small local business for much cheaper.
3	$42.00 for a Yorkie basic wash/haircut, a little pricey in my opinion, but DJ did a good job. She called me & explained a couple different options in regards to nail trimming &  explained the price differences before taking it upon herself to do it which I appreciate. Overall a good experience compared to the last couple groomers I have encountered...
1	Omg.. I found out the quater sized round scar by his neck after I picked him up from the salon..  this is second time already... I won't go this salon anymore... worst worst!!
