5	Don't get it twisted, this is not a library.  Billy Graham Library is a sanctuary and museum dedicated to the life of Billy Graham.  I went to the 'library' with a laptop in my backpack ready to write.  I was greeted by a young man at the gated entrance at about 9:20.  "The library will be open in about ten minutes sir," he said.  After parking I chatted with the security guard outside of a botanical garden and pathway to the entrance of the huge barn-like building decorated with a fifty foot crucifix.  This place was beautiful.  Down the pathway speakers set the atmosphere with church choir music.  I walked into the immaculate building.  "I believe I have the wrong idea, I thought this was a public library," I told the door-woman.  No worries a few joyful women at the Information Center directed me to the nearest location.  I didn't stay for the Billy Graham presentation, but the building had gifts and large pictures of Billy.  If you are a Christian enthusiast, you would love it here.
5	I promise this is a must see attraction while in Charlotte. I'm not one to speak on religion as not to offend anyone however whenever i visit this place I feel a very deep spiritual connection . It's a serene place to visit and gives great history on the Graham Family.... Betsy the cow will welcome you... that peaked your interest huh? Just go
5	Impressive! Plan to spend at least 1.5 hours here. Visitors are granted free admission, but you still have to check in at the front desk in the main lobby. The grounds are beautiful and you get to walk through Billy Graham's childhood house. Billy Graham is a meaningful figure in my household. I grew up watching the crusades. It was fulfilling to me to walk through the Library and learn about the history of Billy Graham's work and life. It's a museum with a lot of video footage to keep the story going. Plan to eat lunch here, although if you are on a veggie-only diet, they only offer salads. The main menu is chicken salad or BBQ with sides like potato salad. There is also a well-stocked gift shop. Around the holidays, the Library is decorated nicely. There is a huge Christmas tree, a live nativity scene with real animals (e.g., camel), performers, and carriage rides ($7 for adults). If you do plan a visit during the holidays, come early (before 5pm) or plan to wait in a line off of Billy Graham Parkway to get in (they stay open until 10pm during the holidays).  This place will definitely win points with family members or visitors who have any affinity to Billy Graham...and one that you could visit multiple times.
5	Real Nice Tour!!!! They also have a cafe so check it out!!
5	A lasting tribute to a man termed "America's Pastor" and a place that will forever carry on his lifelong evangelical mission. Unlike a Presidential Library, this is not simply a collection of artifacts and photos that comprise the life of one of America's leading Christian ministers; rather, it is a progressive presentation on the life and mission of Billy Graham focused on his continuing efforts to spread Christianity all over the globe.You enter the gates just off Billy Graham Parkway and are given a welcome packet / parking pass. Admission and parking are free. After parking, you head to the complex past the restored Graham family home down to the barn with the giant cross. In keeping with the theme, you enter the building at the foot of the cross, greeted by door holders, who refer you to the central counter for ticketing (free). Reservations are recommended, but not required. From there, you are sent to the front right corner of the building to listen to a talking milk cow describe Billy's early days and then ushered through a series of video and memorabilia rooms where the story of Billy Graham and his mission are told from youth to modern times. After a series of presentations, you are then guided through several self-paced exhibits culminating in a trademark of the evangelical crusade: a call to salvation. After this final presentation, you are walked out to an area where they make counselors and prayer rooms available. There is a final bookstore / gift shop at the end of the tour. Inside the main barn are several counseling stations with representatives and staff willing to help with both your visit or spiritual needs. There is a large cafe available as well.Returning outside, you are encouraged to tour through the restored Graham family home as well as the gravesites of Billy's wife Ruth and several leading members of the Billy Graham Evangelical Association.Takes about 60-90 minutes to go through and the landscaping is absolutely gorgeous. Soft music is piped through the outdoor gardens and is a very respectful place to meditate or spiritually reflect. Very well done
5	What an absolutely beautiful facility.  Though I am not particularly religious, I couldn't help but appreciate the work that has gone into making this a breathtaking campus and the work Dr. Graham has done throughout his lifetime. I took my parents on a gorgeous spring day with a Carolina blue sky.  The grass throughout is lush and green and really makes you want to take your shoes off and walk barefoot through it.  We were able to tour the reconstructed Graham home, which was lovely.  We then moved onto the library which was full of books, CD's, DVD's, apparel, knick knacks and such.  It also has a small diner space with soups, sandwiches and snacks.  The Memorial Prayer Garden was peaceful and well landscaped.  There are benches throughout the campus (some covered) if you need to take a break and relax for a few.  There is a tour, which takes about an hour, but we passed on that.  Admission is free, though donations are appreciated.  Parking is free and plentiful.  It was a peaceful afternoon and I would very much recommend picking a beautiful day to go enjoy this gem.
5	Beautifully designed and laid out. Starting with Betsy the cow who welcomes you to the various interactive exhibits, this is an incredible exhibit. The staff are also super helpful. Helping me get to the Apple Store to get my phone fixed when it suddenly died and wouldn't turn back on. It was unfortunate that my trip was cut short.
5	Wow!This was a marvelous tribute to Mr. Graham and his wife Ruth. There was something for everyone. When we arrived there was a group of school children just before us. They were at an automated cow who was telling the story of how Billy Graham started out on a farm. From that point groups were moved from mini theaters where bite-sized bits of information was given about Billy Grahams life, but also and most importantly within the context of the times - this acted as a point of reference. Throughout the mini theaters were artifacts galore, with rooms set up to be representational of places. My favorite were storefronts with old time televisions that all aired Mr. Graham preaching to the masses. I also liked the USSR "room" that had a guard house and many other items that showed the separation from the east and west and it's eventual collapse.Truly, the entire museum was inspirational and of course, pointed the way to Jesus as the glory was not on the Graham's but the unfathomable message of love that Jesus has for us all. The staff and the grounds were beautiful. Everyone was kind. I will definitely enjoy a return visit.
5	Loved that the place isn't about Billy. It's ab his work through God. A great place to understand why missionaries are just that and how missionaries impacted this world (and still do) :)
5	WOW what a marvelous and inspirational place. From the time you enter the security gate until the time that you leave, you will be treated to a positively uplifting experience. You start you visit by visiting "Bessie" an animated cow who tells you the story of how Dr. Graham and his family started out on a farm which was located just a few miles east of the Library. After the introduction by "Bessie" we moved through the various galleries which told the story of how Billy Graham ministered to millions throughout the four corners of the world, and how he became "America's Preacher" and the "Pastor to our Presidents."  At every turn you realize what an impact Dr. Graham and his ministry has had on our nation and the world.  Staff Members are available throughout the library to assist visitors and should you feel so moved they will also assist you with any decisions that you make while visiting. After visiting the library, I took a quick tour of the Graham Family home which has been relocated to the Property. This house once stood on the Graham family farm and was disassembled and moved first to the former PTL Property in Fort Mill, South Carolina. With the demise of PTL the home was dismantled for a second time and moved to its current location at the Billy Graham Library. We finished our visit to the Library by walking around the property and visiting the Prayer Gardens where Ruth Graham, Billie Barrows and George Beverly Shea are buried. The Billy Graham Library is truly an inspirational place that not only details the life story of Billy Graham but continues to deliver the message that Dr. Graham delivered for over 60-years.
2	The Christmas light display was recommended. Lights were extremely disappointing, but the live nativity scene should appeal to the Christian visitors. Very large gift shop. Did not visit the museum so I can not comment on that part of the site.
5	I asked the workers if there was a local Billy Graham Church and they said, "no, he lives in Boone now and doesn't have a local church here in Charlotte.' I said., "That's ok, I've already been to church after the entire tour anyway." That was last Wednesday. It sure is inspirational. I had been watching his Manhattan crusade on the Billy Graham Evangelical Association website a couple weeks ago and once again felt the power and conviction that comes through his messages. No doubt, God has used this man. He truly believes in reaching all ends of the earth for Christ. He said children already are born knowing how to do bad, it is our responsibility to teach them how to do good! No, he doesn't believe that good works get you to heaven though. You will hear throughout that Jesus can forgive you of your sins if you will confess your sins and repent, believe that Jesus blood shed on the cross was to pay your sin debt and be forgiven. If you are already a Christian, you are encouraged to rededicate your life to the Lord.He encourages visitors to read their Bible and pray to hear from God.I decided to come here as part of a trip for my 36th birthday and I am glad I did. My kids were the only kids there because it was mid-week and they enjoyed it! They were given a scavenger hunt to answer questions about the library as we went through.
5	What an amazing place.  Even if you do not know much about Billy Graham, this is a wonderful stop to make in Charlotte.  Beautiful scenery, amazingly well done exhibits, and even a scavenger hunt for the kids while on the tour.  This library/museum chronicles the life of an amazing man of God, and the lives that he has touched over the past 60 years.  Young or old, you will find something that interests you.  I especially loved the room that held a replica of a section of the Berlin wall, as well as the guard shack, etc.  Best of all, it is completely FREE!!!
5	The wonderful place was amazing.  We were welcomed right at the gate and it was a wonderful experience from there.  We were greeted at the door and given directions immediately. Whatever religion or faith you are you can enjoy the informative and educational way they have presented a small town boy trying to preach the word of God.  Everything has been planned out for you to feel comfortable and a part of the journey   We had an amazing experience and go back again. We also sampled the ice cream and pound cake which was delicious.   The staff were especially  pleasant and kind. The grounds amazing. What a tribute to man who has given such joy to others!It does require a lot of walking but they have seating through out. Wear comfortable shoes
5	This is the most amazing library that I have ever been to! I've been around the world and seen many monuments! But this Billy Graham Library is a must see place while in Charlotte, North Carolina or passing through! I am so filled inside with the love of The Lord after visiting this Historical library! The Billy Graham Home is beautiful and so are the surrounding gardens! There is a sense of peace and something for the entire family of all ages! I just love when we entered and we were greeted by Bessie the talking cow! There was a row of lighted  plexy glass crosses, upon seeing them they took my breathe away, which lead to one of the largest canvased murals I have ever seen! Something that stood out to me was the Actual library of Pastor Graham that housed 3,792 books! I love books! I love all of the family history and how the family tried to restore everything in the home! You have to see this Library! You won't be disappointed! I left refreshed and as I was leaving I didn't want to leave! I filled out a survey and received a free bag with memorabilia inside of it! The staff is well informed! I have so full of the Joy of The Lord after leaving!
5	What a first class first rate facility. And run by the nicest customer service oriented people around. Like going to a mini Epcot Center. Cost - $0.00 :) Proud to be a holy roller baby! These Christians got it right!!
5	This place is beautiful! So organized, volunteers are sooo nice, so helpful, the entire experience was just amazing... Will visit again during Christmas
