4	The Hale Center Theater is a real rarity. Live, local theater-- outside of Phoenix! They play a wide range of material, with many musicals and family-friendly fare (this IS Gilbert after all). And each year, they present the Christmas Classic, A Christmas Carol.Their press information says they are "the longest continuously running, privately owned and operated theater company in America." Check them out in the Heritage District in downtown Gilbert.
5	A friend purchased tickets for me to see a show at the Hale Center Theater. I had not previously been to or even by the theater and didn't know what to expect. It was very small, and in entering the building I was skeptical . I though perhaps the play would be just one set, but I was incorrect. The aisles were wide enough to allow the cast to change out the sets. The small size of the theater provided a cozy atmosphere and made every seat in the house good. I would definitely go back to this theater any time. It provides a close venue to see local theater without the traffic downtown Phoenix.
4	The Hale is a really great local theater putting on quality shows for the family.  Frankly we have only gone for the holiday shows (Christmas Carol -- and our kids love it every year)...but my daughter went to some with Grandma and loved them as well.I really like the style of this small theater -- I know nothing about theaters, but there really isn't a bad seat in this place (there actually is, but it depends on the show and how much they use the corners) as the stage is center with surrounding seats.If you're looking for a good local theater and a family outing or perhaps tame date night with friends, check out what shows Hale has going on and support the family/local business!
5	Such a fun, family atmosphere in downtown Gilbert! Have loved every show we have seen there. Friendly staff, excellent/talented actors, so much fun for our 5 year old! Little Mermaid was GREAT! Will definately return for Christmas Carol, as I have heard it is excellent!
5	Went to see "A Christmas Carol" at the Hale Center last night and it was absolutely terrific.  That was my first time at the Hale Center and I love the intimacy of the theater and the singing and acting was great.  I plan on attending more shows.
5	Saw Here Lies Jeremy Troy for date night with my husband. I love the Hale Centre Theatre! It's a very intimate setting for a play, up close & personal. That specific play itself was a comedy & hilariously entertaining! I have seen other plays there & recommend the experience. Plan it.... it's fun! You can reserve tickets/seats online at no extra charge.Plus there are a lot of great places to eat in a very short walking distance... Joe's BBQ, Liberty Market, and Oreganos. Liberty's our favorite, Joe's is good, and Oreganos is always very packed ~ not sure if they accept reservations, but would recommend that long before the curtains open. Enjoy!
4	Pretty cute place! I had never heard of it until a friend invited us to join him for a show. The seating is awesome, not a bad seat! Though the seating is a bit cramped (ie. not tall person friendly).The production we went and saw was Little Shop of Horrors, it was not that good, we left during intermission. I would be game for seeing something else here, I liked how intimate it was.
4	10/26/12My first time at Hale Center Theater, to see "Annie," and I must say that I wouldn't mind driving 25 miles one-way to see another performance here!  Stadium seats flank the square stage on all sides, with the entrance from the lobby at one corner and stage exits on two corners.  This theater is very intimate, where first-row audience members will find themselves at eye-level with the performers.  Other reviewers have posted that there isn't a bad seat in this theater, but I have to disagree, at least with respect to this particular performance-- if this was a sold-out show, there would be a few attendees that would not be able to see actors perform certain scenes up in the stage balcony (for example, "You're Never Fully Dressed Without a Smile").I purchased my $24 ticket for half-price (plus a once-per-transaction fee of $4) through Goldstar, and picked it up at Will-call.  Students, ages 5 through 18, may procure seats for $10 if they have their student IDs with them.  Don't forget to check in via Yelp app to get your free drink, either at the concession booth in the lobby, or from the cart that is rolled right onto the stage during the ten-minute intermissions.I do look forward to seeing another performance here soon-- "A Christmas Carol" and "39 Steps" sound like something worth looking into...
5	My favorite theatre for plays. Small and up close to the action. Love it!
5	Great performance especially when you consider they are amateurs with child actors and even a real dog!  It was a little long for our 6 yr old granddaughter to sit through but she really liked the show. We actually love it so much there we bought season tickets.
5	I love visiting the theater and was beyond excited to find out about this one, particularly because Annie was playing when I had. We were lucky to get seats to the nearly sold out show in its last week, thanks to a gentleman at the front desk who called us to say they had a few seats open up last minute (Thank you sir).The theater itself was quite cozy and there's not a bad seat in the house. I was in awe of the talent of the cast and how they were able to put together such a captivating performance with such a small amount of staging. It was a job well done and the fact that the actors posed for pics with the kiddies after wards was icing on the cake. With what looks like a very appealing schedule of upcoming shows, I most certainly plan to make my way back.
3	Very tiny theater! I can reach out and touch the set pieces!
5	Five stars...Where is the 6th star???  What a great treasure for the Valley. For the past five years we have been enjoying more and more of the productions at the Hale and are now season ticket holders. Easy to get to, plenty of convenient, free parking, and easy access for all. We always leave a show feeling great. Nothing better than two hours of laughter, or enjoying music and dance. The intimate nature of the theater lets us appreciate the efforts of the entire cast. And the Hale is continuing into their 2013-2014 season with nine great shows at fantastic season prices. At $15/person if you buy an 8 or 9 show season, this cannot be beat. Their website has videos showing the theater and clips from recent shows. Enjoy!!
5	A previous reviewer said "I can reach out and touch set pieces", I dare say the set pieces touch you! They really make sure to use many different areas of the theater making the "stage" all around you and during the show I saw, audience members were asked to hold various pieces of the set! That means that every seat really is a unique experience. I can't remember the last time I've had so much fun at a show. I have to think it must be because of the smaller theater size and the interaction of the performers with the audience. This theater is such a gem. Definitely will be back!
4	I really enjoy what the Hale Center Theater brings.  I have seen some great performances and have been surprised at how well the scenary is done and the actors perform.  It is definitely worth it.  So happy Gilbert offers this.
5	Our family absolutely loves going to the Hale Center.  The talent is amazing and the productions have been top notch.  Always family friendly and no bad seats.  We have been to see The 39 Steps, Damn Yankees and Hairspray.  All were fantastic and family friendly.  Highly recommend as a great evening out.  Lots of restaurants close by for dinner before.
5	The production of Hairspray was absolutely wonderful in every way! This theater is a "jewel" with great family worthy productions.  I'm going again!
3	It's a cute community theater. The seats surround the circular stage, so the actors work harder than most to involve the entire audience. I saw Hairspray and it was well done. The concession stand wasn't prepared for the crowd or for the free drink with Yelpers, as there was quite a line that wasn't moving very fast. But, if you go there to support a loved one or have support your local theater, this is the place! We went to eat dinner in downtown Gilbert beforehand and made a fun night out for the girls.
5	What the Hale Theater does with every change of production is nothing short of miraculous. We have been season ticket holders from the beginning and , other than missing a few productions of A Christmas Carol, and forgetting one performance ( shame on us!) , have not missed a production. We have rarely been disappointed . You never know what to expect. With a few deft imaginative changes, this theater in the round becomes the Highlands of Scotland, a South sea island, or an apartment in New York City.   Speaking of which, one of the most hilarious moments in the past 10 years ( for us) occurred when an actor in the Odd Couple ( the neat one), without missing a beat, and completely in character, vacuumed under the feet of everyone in the first row. It brought the house down. The comparative small size of the theater lends itself perfectly to the intimacy required for audience involvement. There are no bad seats, it's family friendly, and the price is   right. If you want to forget your troubles for a night....this is the place to go. A real asset to the Gilbert community.
5	My middle daughter and I went to the Hale Theater to see the musical Hairspray in July, partly because we love musicals and partly because our cousin Nicole was playing the part of Amber Von Tussle.  This theater is sort of in the round, except it's a square, therefore there is no bad seat in the house. You can see the performance from every angle.  Both the scenery and the actors are constantly changing positions to make themselves visible from all sides. The performances were absolutely wonderful, the scenery and costumes were great, and we really enjoyed it. The price is very reasonable, I think it was $26 per seat for a totally professional production. I would definitely go back to this theater to see other performances.   The best way to order tickets is probably online and I think there was only a dollar fee to do so.  Picking up tickets at will-call was easy-peasyAt intermission they serve refreshments such as cookies and non-alcoholic drinks.  When the performance is over the actors line up in the lobby where you can walk along tell them how much you enjoyed their performances.  Parking is plentiful and close. I will definitely be back!
5	This place is top notch! Come and support these actors and this business.
5	Since I have now attended three different productions at Hale Theater, I can safely say "I'm a big fan!" The location is great... right near downtown Gilbert's landmark water tower. Free parking is immediately adjacent and plentiful, and there are tons of great places within walking distance to eat--many of them new. Folks from the Phoenix metropolitan area who turn their noses up at destinations in the PHX East Valley need to take another look at downtown Gilbert and the Hale Theater.The three productions I've seen here are Bye Bye Birdie, The 39 Steps, and Dirty Rotten Scoundrels. Bye Bye Birdie has always been close to my heart since performing as Randolph MacAfee (the kid brother) in a community theater production in Holland back in the early eighties.I know all the songs (as does my entire family), so it was a rare treat to see such a well-orchestrated, well-choreographed performance with friends and family. I have to admit, the experience was so engaging and emotional that it left me (sniff!) a bit dewy-eyed. But then I'm a sucker for musical theater--and I'm man enough to admit it, goddammit!One really important thing to note about the Hale Theater is that it is an ampitheater, or theater-in-the-round style, by which I mean that the auditorium (although technically square-ish) features the stage on the lowest level, and the audience surrounds the action in stadium seating. This makes for a unique experience, since the actors sometimes will break through the "fourth wall" and interact with the audience. This can be especially fun during some of the musical comedy bits that incorporate physical humor. This is why the choreography of the stage productions here are so fascinating! Set design is minimal, but between scenes, the actors, crew and ensemble cast themselves will wheel in furniture and props under the cover of darkness from the very entrances the audience members used when first seating themselves. And it is done quietly and efficiently, effectively transforming the stage within mere moments to another time and place!Only consummate professionals could pull off such great performances in an intimate yet perfect-sized venue (the Hale Theater seats 380, according to on-line resources). This is why you will notice that you rarely have to stare at the back of an actor's head for long. The direction of the plays is such, that equal exposure to all sides of the arena is choreographed into the stage directions. I encourage everyone to check out the Hale Theater if they get a chance. And know full well that great eats (BBQ, pizza, and tacos, to mention a few nearby restaurants) are a hop, skip, and a jump away... perfect for the after-theater crowd.
5	Best local theater I have ever been to. My daughter got us tickets for A Christmas Carol for my birthday. I have previously seen it once at Herberger where we paid a lot more money than this theater. This was just as good if not better. The seating arrangements are great, not a bad seat in the house. I really like how they go up each tier enough that you can see over the person in front of you even when you are as short as me! The actors were amazing, the scenery is fantastic. You really feel immersed in the story. They do such a great job with the small space. There is a check in offer for a free drink at intermission. That was a really nice bonus. We bough some cookies as well. They were fresh and tasty and only $2.50 each. The prices are really great for the snacks and drinks. Clean restrooms, nice waiting area while you wait to go in. We will be back for many more shows. Already got tickets for 9 to 5 and Footloose. Great theater!
5	I have now been to 3 shows at the Hale Theater and love it! Huge fan! I am always blown away by the caliber of the performances. They do an amazing job with the space they have. My favorits so far really is the Christmas Carol. The singing and performaces were the best I have seen for this play and I have seen it 4 times and each time was at a much larger venue and this performance blew them all away. And the price...This is a bargain! Really resonably priced night out. They have a Yelp check in offer for a free beverage at the intermission. Love Yelp Check in offers! The drinks are reasonably priced even without the offere as well. Parking is a little rough but not horrible. Already have my tickets for Footloose and 9 to 5. Support local theater! Go to Hale Center Theater! You won't be sorry!
5	We have seen maybe a dozen or so shows at the Hale Theater.  I have never seen a bad one, or even one that I regret paying for.  In fact, many of the shows we have seen we went to on a whim, and were underwhelmed by the description of the story and didn't expect much, but were pleasantly surprised.  My favorite was to Kill a Mockingbird, my wife's favorite was Bye Bye Birdie.  Lots of variety here, awesome room, very intimate.  High caliber talent.  Actually, I remember not liking "Harvey". but my wife did like it. Other than that, I always leave with a smile.  I didn't grow up seeing a lot of theater, and as I got older I was mostly interested in seeing "the classics".  After a few years coming here we took the plunge and got season tickets to Gammage, which we also enjoyed. We have also gone to  lots of other local theaters to see plays. We still do, but I think Hale is our favorite.  Sure, you get a bigger show at Gammage, but Hale is great, expecially for the price, and you are so much closer to the action.
4	Ok, so it's not Broadway and it's made of amateur actors, but I still love it. The prices are very fair and I almost always have a good time. I can only think of one experience that wasn't positive, but I think it was the play itself I didn't like, not necessarily Hale. My first experience with Hale Center Theater was with the Hale Center Theater in Orem, Utah. It is not owned by the same people as this one, but I believe they are related. Anyway, my grandmother used to take my sister and I to see plays there, so I was very excited to see that they opened a theater here! So after my grandmother's death, my mother, sister and I have been able to carry on the tradition. The musicals are far better than the non-musicals, but they have made an attempt to do more musicals the past year or so. I recommend getting some food around the area before and enjoying a nice night out with friends or family.
5	We just saw The Miracle Worker at the Hale last night. It was the last play of the 2013-14 season, and it was the best! We love the theater, but I am not often moved to tears by a performance. I was by this one. The actor who played Helen Keller is a little fifth grade girl in her first big performance. She is on her way to bigger and better things! And the actor who played Anne Sullivan was extraordinary! The play runs a couple more weeks, so go if you can! We will be buying our 2014-15 season tickets today, because I can't wait to see Phantom of the Opera and My Fair Lady! And, for dinner nearby you have several great options: Liberty Market, Postinos, and Joy Ride to name a few! Love the vibe of downtown Gilbert, and love the Hale Theater!
5	We love going to the shows here at Hale! All the seats are great and close to the stage. They are very creative with their use of limited space for their floor stage.
5	The day after I read the Helen Keller story to my 6 year old daughter, I very randomly stumbled across a reference to The Miracle Worker being at the Hale Theater. We live in Prescott & the two hour drive was worth it. The theater is delightful & charming, The performance was captivating & moving & the cast extraordinary.  We both loved it. Looks like a good 2014-15 season, and despite the distance, I plan to see a few more this 'year.'
4	What a great way to spend an evening.  This was our first time at this location.  The seats are 360 around the stage so the acting caters to all directions.  The singing was better than I expected, the wigs in the actors were a little cheesy, but it was a fun night.  The only negative thing I have to say is that with it being Arizona, the majority of the crowd was geriatric so they would try and whisper but it was really loud.  It was a bit distracting but they were having fun so it was easier to overlook.One tip, come early bc parking fills up quickly. There are several restaurants nearby so dinner and then the show is a good idea.
4	I attended the show of "Dames at Sea" and loved the experience. It's a little small and intimate, but there's no bad seat in the house! Once the show lets out, though, the streets get a little crowded so plan your exit strategy when you're parking.
5	Love this theatre! The actors are so talented, the venue is small and extremely interactive and personal. The box office has been nothing but helpful and when I needed to exchange my tickets for a different night, they were easy to work with and very helpful. I just love this place and plan on continuing to go.
5	Hale Theatre has never let us down. Absolutely love this intimate little theatre. My favorite venue. Phantom was wonderful as have been the many many performances I have attended here.
4	We saw The Sound of Music, and really enjoyed it! The theater itself was in a great location, nice interior, great lighting throughout the play, and when it comes to plays you can't beat the personal experience of a round theater. I've only been to one better theater at the Shakespearean Festival in Cedar City , UT. Price: $28.00 person
4	Lovely, small theater. Anywhere you sit is a good seat.
5	Love this place! Situated in cute lil down town Gilbert! I have had soo much fun at every play I have attended! I love the 360 seating, it makes for a very unique experience. The set and costumes are always very creative!  The atmosphere is wonderful and the staff are amazing. The owners are also very kind and helpful people! If you have not checked out Hale Center Theater- get your tickets fast!- Christmas Carol is coming!!!
5	Went to see Sound of Music November 29!!.  Absolutely outstanding performances from the whole cast!    Enjoyed this play more than any other I have seen there.  Fantastic! Cudos to all the crew that changes the sets also. I love this theater.
5	Wonderful place to bring your whole family for an evening of live theatre!  We love seeing the shows here!
4	My friend and I had a great night out at the improv theater, the show we went to see was a little amateur but overall the night was great because the tickets were cheap, the place wasn't too busy, the drinks were good, the staff were friendly. Its a great night out in AZ and so many different shows so a good chance of discovering some fresh talent!
5	I had no idea what to expect, but I was blown away. The venue is surprisingly small, but it means that every seat gives you a great view of the action, the actors are close enough to read their facial expressions, and I was honestly surprised by the number of set changes and how intelligently they made use of the limited space. The venue doesn't feel as small as it is, once the show starts. The prices are very reasonable, and to be honest I prefer this kind of cozy, intimate setting to the majority of larger theaters I've visited. They also recruit very talented local actors, so it's a great night out to support the local scene. I suppose there's always some room for improvement, but this place made one great first impression on me.Also found it very endearing for the Christmas Carol production, when the actors went outside to sing carols to everyone as we were leaving. Class act!
