4	Lulu's reminds me of the type of club you see on shows like The Hills with its stylish interior and fine drinks. The decor is so swish and fancy that you almost feel like its wasted on the hoards of drunk students, but luckily it doesn't ever feel like its full of students. The clientele are always finely dressed and it has a real upmarket feel to it. My sole attraction to Lulu's was the light up dance floor. It was a novelty that kept us entertained for an hour or two and is quite a fun gimmick. Plus on student nights the drinks are reasonable priced and it doesn't get too crowded like normal student bars. They do a good cocktail range and the bar staff are trained well. Even though its popular with students you do get the young professional George Street types who are oh so smartly dressed and sophisticated looking. Each night is different so its worth checking the website to see which one tickles your fancy and perhaps get yourself on the guest list.I think Lulu's is one of the better, nicer clubs in George Street as it just reeks of fabulosity.
1	Oh, Lulu, the only time I've ever been in this establishment I was emotionally blackmailed into going. I hate clubs on George Street. Ponana and Opal Lounge are bad enough, but somehow Lulu's is a step below. It has both an awful design and attracts the kind of clientele I generally avoid. At least as far as that first experience goes: I was confronted by middle-aged women wearing ball gowns, who looked down their noses at us in our casual wear. The music was appalling and the drinks were way too expensive. I definitely don't recommend going, but if you find yourself there, you may as well splash out and drink until you don't care.
2	You can sort of tell what Lulu is going to be like purely because of it's name, which really sums up the "all fur coat and no knickers" situation that permeates across George Street. It's attached to Tigerlily, the only place in Edinburgh to have a slapper dolled up like a League Two footballer's wife on the door 24/7. That should tell you what to expect.All the clubs here are pretty much the same, but I just find this one even more irritating than most it seems solely geared towards the more tiresome demographic of Edinburgh society. Describing itself as "comfortabley exclusive" on the website is perhaps the final straw. George Street is not Park Lane, the two Wetherspoons and numerous "To Let" signs adorning it should be all the evidence you need of that.Cheesy, commercial music, mid-price drinks, Cliquey students during the week, and old boilers at the weekend. You've seen it all before.Despite the pretence that exists in the New Town, there are some great bars with plenty of character and atmosphere, surely there's room for at least one club to follow suit.
3	Good tunes........hot birds.........crap bouncers.3 on 1 fight and they left me to it....ace!
2	Lulu's is a small club, in the basement of Tiger Lily, on Edinburgh's 'trendy' George Street. Typical of clubs on this area, prices are a little more expensive than what you might pay a little further from the centre of town, however drinks are reasonably priced although entry can be expensive depending on what night you go. Getting on the guest list is always advised with George Street clubs. Lulu's is lavishly decorated and very stylish, however it doesn't have much else to offer. The music leaves a lot to be desired (mainly chart, repeats and descending into 80s hits by the end of the night) and the dance space is very small. Staff are friendly but I don't find the atmosphere in here particularly exciting. As far as this part of town goes, I think Opal and Shanghai are much more fun.
3	Not my typical venue for a night out but seeing as it was a friends 30th we enjoyed it a lot better than I normally would.Taking the 30th birthday out of it, I have been here twice. Once a few years ago when they still had the Saturday Night Fever-esque dancefloor and once just yesterday, where they seemed to have changed the over the top dancefloor to an over the top back wall that is full of LED lights that were imitating a fire at the time we were in.The prices were above average and the bar staff were actually very nice. Seeing as I have always been told that this is a club for posers, I was genuinely shocked at how much I enjoyed myself (my last experience of being in here isn't very clear, to say it nicely).A few of the staff members were kicking about in corsets, 6" heels and leggings that looked like they were painted on which kind of spoiled it for me but personal morals aside, the club itself was very niced, maybe a little too cluttered with the seating area, bar area and dance floor all sort of merging in to one at no specific place.Overall I had a very nice night here and would go back, so long as it was with a large group of friends. Somehow I don't think my interest in checked shirts, jeans and trainers would go down too well with the "locals".
4	I love Lulu! OK granted I was in the VIP section and got a couple of free drinks but its rare I find a nightclub I really, really like. The dancefloor is epic, the music was great and I will definitely be back!
