4	It's fashionable for students to knock the free university health center.  I don't know, walk-in visits, nurse practitioners with years of experience, a free pharmacy, free health classes, free physician care, labs, blood pressure checks, gynecological care, condoms etc., etc. sound like a good deal to me.  Maybe I'm wrong.  If the health clinic cannot handle the medical need, they refer to specialists in the community, so I can't go with the slander that they mistreat students.  Plus the facility is clean and modern, and most can walk to it.
2	This was the doctor's office I used all throughout college. I was not very satisfied on many occasions and they actually mis-diagnosed my friend and gave her the wrong mediction. I guess that is what you get on a college campus!
4	I went here on a number of occasions and was always super impressed with the speed and quality of care I recieved.Free cold-packs and condoms. What more could you ask for?!?
1	They get one star because of the free stuff you can get there in the cold pack and the condoms and lube.  I had a constant supply of those yummy Cepacol throat drops and cough syrup.  And I think 12 condoms every 2 weeks is enough to get by, right?  Well, just barely.The wait here usually takes forever, don't think you can get in and out during the daytime when everyone's at class.  You can't.  Oh, and when they call you in you're like Hooray! But then you go into another waiting room.  Boo.  But I've had a couple of okay experiences here, I got my flu shot and meningitis shot virtually pain free, and the nurses are pretty nice.Ha, but It's called McKillme for a reason.  My worst ever experience here was when I had an eye infection.  Turns out it was pink eye, but at the time I had no idea what it was.  My eyes were so red, they hurt in bright lights and watered constantly.  I didn't wear my contacts for days trying to get it to clear up, but it never did, so I grinned and beared it and went to McKillme.  The lady (was she a doctor, who knows!) there tells me I have an ULCER on my eye!  An ULCER, on my EYE!  I F-ing freaked out!!!  She sent me to an optometrist off campus, I had to take a cab there (I had to walk back to campus afterwards b/c the cab never picked me up!)  Once there, the guy tells me it's just pink eye and he puts some ointment on my eye and gave me some eyedrops.  After that, I never set foot in McKinley ever again.  Can you believe that, she scared the sh*t out of some poor college student, I thought I was going to go blind!After that I got my free sh*t from the location that's in the back of the Union, less of a wait and easier to get to.
1	I really, really wanted to have a good experience at McKinley. However, since I've been on campus (since Fall 2008), I've only ventured to McKinley about five times. Of those five times, I've only left there feeling better on ONE occasion, and even that had its major downfalls. I came in right at 8 AM one morning this past September with a piercing, persistent migraine in which I was seen promptly by a doctor. I was then injected with two different medications in both of my hips and I was not told what the medications were--even after asking to have copies of the information so I could forward it to my doctor at home. A nurse told me, "we do not disclose that information to our patients". Excuse me, but if I was just treated with heavy medication, I believe I have the right to know what it was called, especially if I could have a negative reaction to it later on.I also went into McKinley TWICE this past February for a severe, hacking dry cough and was only given the run-of-the-mill cough syrup which didn't do me any good. The doctors told me I simply had a cold, but after about a month and a half of coughing my lungs out, I went to a real doctor at home and was told I had bronchitis and was given antibiotics and REAL cough syrup that worked. McKinley HATES giving out antibiotics for some reason since every ailment you have must be a "cold" or "just a cough". My advice-- avoid this place and go home for the weekend to be treated by real doctors who actually want you to get better.
4	I have always received good, prompt service here.  The doctors aren't forced to see five patients an hour, so they are much less rushed and more willing to slow down and answer your questions.  I have always found my caretakers' intentions and plans for me easy to understand, and reasonable.The student health plan that comes with tuition (which covers all appointments, and most of your medications) was able to be extended over the summer for just a little over $100.  This is a big deal to someone who isn't relying on their parents for their health care costs.As a former patient of Carle, I'll always be tempted to compare my care at McKinley to theirs.  In that respect, I feel much more comfortable and cared-for than I did at Carle.  The comparatively small number of patients allows them to be more considerate to each patient.
3	Free stuff when you ask.Some doctors are questionable, and very rarely do the Phone-A-Nurses give any good advice.If you do have to go, (and you're a female) ask for Dr. Ambroz. She isn't featured on the McKinley website, but she is the best doctor there. She's polite and funny and helpful and actually listens to patients, which is my major complaint about other docs at McKinley.Stay healthy, for your own sake...
4	I used McKinley a lot while I was a student. First, let me point out that it is not, as another reviewer put it, free. McKinley actually charges a fee, which is added to your school bill. It's not too much, about 300 or so dollars per semester. This is in addition to the health insurance fee charged by the university.That being said, $300 for 4 months is still a very good deal. The reason most students feel that the service is poor or that the wait times are long is that most of them do go when they're sick... which is flu season. So of course if everyone's there at the same time, there's going to be long wait times -- especially if you don't make an appointment, which most students do not. And 90% of the students who show up either have the common cold or food poisoning. There's not that much a doctor can do about those, except tell you that it'll heal with time and maybe give you a pill to make you feel better.Anyway, if you take out the long wait times during flu season, I think the service is actually pretty good for a college health center.
