5	Just got my truck worked on today, they gave me an excellent price, and it was superrrr quick. The best part though, was the atmosphere and hospitality they showed towards me while I was waiting. They are just good people, and Im Definitely going back! (If something else breaks that is..-.-)
5	I've never liked dealing with car stuff, especially because it's so expensive to get them fixed. But I'm so grateful I found this gem because now all my car worries are relieved! Terry, the owner, is the most honest and trustworthy mechanic I've ever had the pleasure to meet (& I've taken my car to many different places) he helped with fixing my car to pass emissions (finally it passed, yay!) he's very reasonable with prices and tells it like it is when it comes to what's wrong with your car (which I love because a lot of mechanics try to add things on to jack prices up, or at least that's what I've dealt with in past experiences) his wife and daughter are so friendly and kept me occupied with good conversation while I waited. I also like that it's family owned. I love supporting family owned companies, I feel like they are more genuine than chain establishments are. I'll definitely be going back when my car decides to act up again. (It's a 94 Toyota Camry, so who knows when it will need some more work next!)
5	Terry the owner is awesome!  And I hate dealing with car repair places.  I got Terry's information from a friend and WOW!  The service, the price - quick turnarounds.  Max Automotive is definitely the best place I've been to in 44 years.They are honest and truly a pleasure to deal with.  I've told friends/family and even people I've heard talking about car repairs to go there.If you want reliable, quality service at a good price - you can't beat Terry and Max Automotive.
5	This place is simply amazing.  As a woman who doesn't know much about cars, I was told about Terry from a co-worker who used him before he opened up his own shop.  My Lexus needed its 90K work done and I was shopping prices.  I usually go to the dealership and was quoted $1500.  Terry turned around a quote for me in 24 hours and was $400 less.  I finally brought my car in today and am beyond impressed with his professionalism and his walking me through everything he was doing.  He brought me back and he showed me where it was leaking, explained what he was doing, showed me the dirty filters and was just very impressive overall.  Very honest and upfront about pricing and what needed to be done vs what could wait.  An absolute pleasure to work with, I will be coming back for regular maintenance.  I would 100% refer him to anyone!!!  And a bigger plus is the dog Max hangs around and is super sweet if you decide to wait :)
5	I just moved to Surprise and I needed a 90,000 mile service done.  I tried to call one place that "specializes in Toyotas"  in Phoenix that had some good reviews and I even emailed them,  but they never replied back.  I decided to check out somewhere closer to my house and Maxs came up. I called them up and they had an appointment available when I needed one.  I took my car in and left it there because I had to run some errands with a Uhaul.  Anyways.............I had a great experience!  Terry was awesome and got my car taken care of.  He even explained what was done, how he did it, what was recommended for down the road etc.  Most places will either try to gouge new customers, or fix it and get you on your way like you are just a number and not really care.  This place was different.  They were very personable and extremely nice and friendly.  I found my "car guy" and will take my car to them for as long as I am in Arizona.  Very reasonably priced for what they did, too.  I miss my buddy Scott from Toyota in Santee, but I feel good knowing that Terry and the Max Auto crew is nearby me now!
4	I just moved to the NW Phoenix area and was looking for a good service provider for my Toyota Highlander. I read the reviews and called Max Automotive. Kathy and Terry could not have been more cordial. I also met Max.I just did an oil change and tire rotation for this first visit. I was done in less than 45 minutes for a very affordable price. I did have a small problem with my tire sensor going off so I had to come back a couple of times but Terry was patient and found the right protocol to reset it for my vehicle. The older Highlanders have a quirky tire sensor and it sometimes takes a little work to get it reset so it does not go off after you drive a while.I really liked the service and family atmosphere of Max. If you are looking for a good mechanic give them a try. I will definitely be going back in the future.
5	Excellent repair shop!  Quick quote and the work was done as written!  Nice to still see family businesses still out there. Terry and his family/staff make you feel very comfortable and everything is very well explained. Highly recommended for small and large repairs!  Thank you for the amazing service!  Have been telling all my family and friends about their shop!
5	10+ stars! Went in because I thought my starter went out. Found out it was only a fuse. They're very trust worthy and honest... they have a customer for life now! I highly recommend them.
