5	No Complaints with this place! Support the little guy, (last mom and pop shop)  and if you ever need anything repaired this is the place Vegas!
4	Like Rob previously mentioned in his review, Limelite is one of the last dying breeds of independent DJ/sound/lighting stores in the Los Wages area and to my understanding has been a fixture here for quite some time. I've had repairs done for both my mixer and speaker which my dumbazz blew out. All my equipment came back without a hitch. They have your basic headphone, needles, decks, lighting, speaker equipment here - both new and used. I'm sure if you don't find it here they'd gladly order it for you. You might miss it though as its a small store, tucked away in a old tore up strip mall, just look for the laundromat in front of the strip mall then head all the way back and you'll find it right beside an Asian "massage" parlor.
5	We used Limelite to rent the audio and dj equipment for our wedding in Vegas a few weeks ago and we couldn't be happier with their services.  They set up for our ceremony and the reception. Our out-of-town DJ was more than pleased with their equipment. They were accommodating, responsive, professional, on-time, set-up was smooth, and they are extremely affordable.  Thanks to Ed for all your efforts. Great people to work with! Highly recommended. If we or our friends ever have an event in Vegas, we will surely use them again.
2	I'll review mainly because they need a up to dated review!This place is kinda hard to find.  I passed it up once before I found out the exact location.  Once I walked in, I was very impressed with the store. Small mom and pop look and feel.  I liked it.  They seem to have a hardcore, and maybe even big business following in Las Vegas.I came in with a broken dj mixer, said they will look at it free of charge, and let me know how much it will cost before they do any work.They did just that, however. I bought it in on a Friday, one week passes, nothing. Two weeks pass, and I decided to call.  Very nice staff, and were very nice to me when they told me, that my mixer has been in line to be looked at for two weeks.  This is also when they told me, there is a option to get your equipment looked at right away at an extra charge.  This is the main reason why I think they have connections with big business around Las Vegas.Almost 3 weeks pass, and I get a call.  They told me, my Vestax mixer isn't popular, and parts are hard to find, which they don't have the time to do.  Once again very nice while they are telling me this.  I didn't argue with them, I came back in, and took my mixer.To sum it up, the only place in Las Vegas that will look and maybe repair Dj equipment, if you have a popular/common brand/unit.
1	Garbage spot. They sold me the wrong case that I needed for a gig that night then I called back n said hey you sold me the wrong one can I return it so I can go get the right one somewhere else since you don't have anymore and they say "nah man store credit only but we can order it" shady ass people
