5	After years of debate I finally wanted to take the plunge and have a Brazilian wax done.  Knowing that I wanted someone experienced and knowledgeable I did a ton of research and, as always, referenced the feedback from Yelp.  After reading RAVE reviews on Heather's page (which are now unfortunately gone due to her recent location change) I thought she would be the perfect choice.  When I arrived at her new location in Spark Salon Suites I was greeted with a smile and welcomed into her suite for the procedure.  The suite is quaint, cutely decorated, and spotless.  Although I wasn't scared, I immediately admitted that I was a newbie to the experience. She was quick to provide positive reassurance and talked me through the procedure and what to expect. While being waxed she provided a play-by-play as to what was happening all the while keeping an easy conversation with no awkward silences.  Before I knew it I was done. During our conversation Heather said in passing that some clients travel well over an hour for her services and I see exactly why. Not only does Heather know her art and trade but her genuine care, positive personality, and professionalism make her top notch.
5	I have been looking for waxing services close to my house.  I live in north Peoria so it's hard to find a location with great reviews.  I found Heather here and read a great review.  I decided to make the appointment and try her out.  I got a Brazilian wax, which I am not new to, and it was the quickest wax I've ever received.  I was in and out in under 30 minutes.  The results are great too.  Absolutely no hair and very little pain.  I will definitely be coming back for follow up sessions.  I highly recommend Heather, she's the best!
5	Been seeing Heather for about a year! Not just for eyelash extensions but other services as well! I get compliments all the time on my eyelashes, most people think they are real!! I would recommend anyone to Heather, not just for for eyelashes, but for any of her services!!! Absolutely love her! Not only is she a sweetheart, but she's also very professional, prompt, and her schedule is flexible!
5	Heather is the BEST!  Her salon inside of Sparks is meticulously clean, charming, and comfortable.  Her personality is wonderful - she makes me feel like a friend.  And she is VERY good at what she does.  I found her on Yelp and I almost don't want to help spread the word so she doesn't get any more in demand than she already is!  The word meticulous really fits her in many ways.  Heather is the kind of person who clearly would have trouble sleeping at night if one of her clients was unhappy with her.  She has done so much for me over the past few months - my skin, eyelashes, and waxing - that has helped me feel very good about myself as a 40-something woman.  Her prices are very fair, and she is 100% dependable, professional, and sweet.  I am so glad to have found her - what a gem!
5	Heather and Kaitlin are the best! I go regularly for lash extensions and just tried the volume extensions today! They are the best!!!  I have also had my brows and liner permanently done and get many compliments. Heather is such an amazing business woman and is so fast. If you are considering permanent makeup or lashes, definitely go here!
5	I am giving 5 stars not because I've ever been here, but because of the awesome customer service I received when I called to try to make an appointment!  I called and left a message on a Saturday, desperate for a full set, and received a call back within minutes.  Heather was out of town on vacation, yet wanted to help me if she could.  she gave me the name of a girl she trained, so I texted her.  She wasn't able to help me, but referred me to another lady, who was able to get me in that same day, and I am very happy with my lashes!!  Thank you so much Heather!
