5	Great company.. Best one I ever deal with
5	Possibly the most friendliest and helpful crew I've ever dealt with.  I showed up at their store on a Saturday and they were actually remodeling and the door was locked.  I was about to walk away and Dann opened the door for me and invited me in.  I am so glad he did, they had almost everything that I needed and the best part about it was that the prices were lower than almost anywhere in the valley.  I had everyone in the shop helping me.  When my truck was too full, Dann offered to drive the rest of the equipment to my restaurant.  It is rare that you see this level of service.  Thank you Dann and the rest of the crew at Gen Y Design!
5	Outstanding customer service and products. It's a pleasure to visit their store.
1	Found these guys online and they said they had the heat lamps we needed in stock.  I drove clear across town for them, brought them back to our restaurant to be installed the next morning.  Upon inspection of the finished work I noticed they sold me the wrong item, ones without an adjustable heat controller.  After numerous discussions their "fix" was to get the OEM controllers and install them for us, what they said is an accepted practice with the manufacturer.   Took over a month to get this accomplished.  Fast forward about 6 more months and we are having trouble with them.  They said we needed to go to the manufacturer, even though the part we are having issue with was the controller they installed.  Generation Y wanted $250 to fix it (the whole unit only cost us $275!!!).We contacted the manufacturer and were told that due to what Generation Y did, they VOIDED the warranty!!!  Great!  Have spent the last 1+ months trying to get Generation Y to stand behind their work and fix this.  They conceded and offered to do it for for the reduced prices of $182...still almost the cost of an entire new unit!!Now, again after MANY correspondences they are refusing to do anything about this.  I have never seen such horrible customer service and incompetence.  How you propose to fix something you sell that voids the warranty and then don't stand behind it yourself is beyond rational thought.  There are so many places in the valley (and online) to choose from, I would steer very clear of Generation Y...which I think stand for Y would anyone go there?
5	I have used Generation Y Design on 2 occasions.  One to purchase a freezer for my commercial kitchen the other was to purchase a frig.  Both times Ann assisted me and was extremely nice and knowledgeable about the items.  They delivered on time and the crew that delivered was very knowledgeable and professional.  Very good experience and I would definitely recommend their company.  Also very affordable compared to the other places that sell equipment.
4	Generation Y Design is the way to go if you need equipment for your restaurant . Staff is always friendly . Ask for Dan, Simon or Sina. All are very helpful especially Sina . Go our showcase delivered and on time. Great selection and if you don't see what you need there  . They can get it for you.
