1	Reviewing mainstream retail establishments may seem a little pointless here on YELP.  But if I leave one it's usually gonna be for one purpose....a Warning.Yes Best Buy has lots of great electric trinkets, and tons of cheap DVD's. But have you ever asked one of their employees a question?  Or found one easily for that matter.I'm a total nerd and there are days when all I wanna do is flip through every single CD in search of something I've never heard of without any assistance. But.....and this was my worst experience at Best Buy, I wanted to buy a washer and dryer.  There was only one Customer Service person in the whole area. Which could be fine, but, when I approached to ask a question he was curt and a little put out that I was bothering him.  He told me to wait and I did, thinking that it would only be a few moments, then he promptly helped another customer that had just walked into his area.  I went to Sears.Yes this is only one example, but honestly, I have never received a helpful response in that store unless I had to return something.  So, NO to the Best Buy.  Cheap they may be, but their Customer Service sucks rotten eggs.
1	WORST BUY!!!My worst expieriences with customer service! I bought and installed an automotive radio. The intstallation was done incorrectly and now my radio makes annoying vibrating noises constanly while im driving. It became even worse while in transit to the location to solve the problem. Instead of being accomidated and have the issue resolved i recieved a disrespectfull and hostile attitute from the security guard. When i asked to speak to the store manager he approached me in a combative manor. He had no interest to see my perspective nor did he take the time to try to understand my position. He was more concerned with me being cordial and calling him "MR" or "SIR" instead of "DUDE." Note to all! after spending roughly $4000.00 with this company and recieving horrible service you can just forget being called SIR!......  Dude!
2	For a long time, this was the Best Buy closest to where I worked. I ordered some movies online and opted to pick them up here, since I would go here on my lunch break anyway and I could save shipping costs.Boy, was that ever a mistake!I was on a tight schedule since it was my lunch break and all. So I rushed over here, figuring I'd run in, pick up my movies, and be on the way back to the office in no time at all.I walked up to the counter to pick up my order, all proper receipt slips in hand. They took the paper and went in the back. After several minutes of searching, NOTHING (this comes AFTER telling me online my order was FOR SURE READY.) Eventually managers/supervisors got involved in the search. I stood there for OVER HALF AN HOUR (and remember I am using my lunch break!) How hard would it have been to just go get those titles off the shelf and call that my order? It would have been a much simpler, faster alternative (I ordered rather than just buy them in the store to save some money, they had some internet-only pricing deals.) Can anyone say "incompetent?" Unlike a lot of people on this forum, I actually LIKE Best Buy. But I will sure as hell never order anything from them again, and will never pick anything up at this particular store again! These people don't know what the hell they're doing. I'll gladly go the extra distance to a different location next time, though.
4	This store is one of our go-to's on our Black Friday (yeah, we're crazy like that) shopping trip. It's usually a tag team effort- my mother-in-law and me at the Blvd. mall with our list of items and my husband with a list of most-wanted dvd's at Best Buy. It's usually a long line that wraps around inside too at checkout. (The Circuit City line was so confusing at this time, that is when it was open for business.) Our system works well this way. And we get some Christmas shopping done in the process of all the madness (hey, it's tradition).We also go here to shop for blu ray dvds and cds anyway, since this is in our area. Never had a problem here, not like the other reviewers (yay for us). Recently, a week ago, on a saturday morning, there was a DJ spinning deep latin house music- that was not expected. Nice, if you like the music (I do) but might be a little loud for non-fans. I don't know if this is an ongoing thing or if this is a short promotional thing. There is a guy (sorry, don't know his name, but he has shoulder length curly hair) who works in cameras that is really knowledgeable.Price match is done when you use your smart phone (blackberry, iphone) to show the cashier. Use your membership card to earn points- for what? I don't know yet because I haven't reached a high level as of this moment. Usually a magazine promotion but I usually say no. Really convenient shopping location because there is a mall around the corner and many strip malls in the immediate area.I should mention that my brother-in-law has been with the company for years and has returned to this branch recently. But this in no way means that I am biased in any way. I'm just being honest.
5	They were pretty awesome even though they didn't have everything I needed.First off when I called and asked if they had the main item I needed in stock, they went ahead and pulled it for me and held it at customer service.  When I got there, there was this really old and confused couple that they were very patiently helping at customer service.I went and asked one of the sales people in the phone area for help finding a case and eventhough they were sold out of the ones for my phone she was very helpful in directing me where to get some at different places around the city.We picked up our item easily and the people were very nice.
4	NEW & IMPROVED! The renovations were completed recently and the whole store underwent a complete overhaul (but remained open during the construction process). There were only two areas that weren't changed so drastically- the location of the bathrooms and the geek squad/customer service area. The cashier station is in the front, but it's a little different, with less registers,and facing a different direction too. The neatest thing about the renovation project is the fact that there are so many try-out stations marked with white stools- minus the mobile phones kiosk (reminds me of the Apple stores) including the X-Box 360 Kinect (very cool- my hubby tried it out, of course). The CD's and dvd's are on the left front of the store (walking inside the store), games, systems immediately follow, musical instruments (bongo drums), and stereo systems complete that side of the store. The tvs are against the wall. Going to the other side of the store, back right, are the appliances (it isn't as big as it was before the renovations) and vacuum cleaners, furniture, computers, and lap tops. The design is more streamlined- amazing. I almost forgot to mention the sparkly blue tile down the middle of the store. It seemed as if every detail was thought out and planned very carefully. I didn't even recognize it- it's so shiny and new. Now, I wonder where the line will wrap around in the store for Black Friday madness...
2	This appeared to be the closest Best Buy to the strip so I walked down one night when I was staying at the Venetian to pick up a new presentation remote.  These are usually $10 to $15 at electronic stores and in the past I have bought them from Best Buy for less than $12.  The only one they carry at this store was....WAIT FOR ITWAIT FOR IT$44.00!  Can you believe that?  Soooo, I am going to have to say poor selection, and poor prices.
1	It's Best Buy.. everyone is familiar with it, so I won't go into detail about the product line and such.This review is strictly for the customer service. One word - HORRIBLE! Every since time I've come to this location, I've had a problem. I purchased a part for my car stereo, went to get it installed and it turns out all the pieces were mismatched. They gave me a hassle when I tried to return the item 20 minutes later. In short, avoid. The one on Rainbow is awesome.
1	We purchased a desktop approximately one month ago and this morning it would not turn on properly. Only a blue screen would come up and a message saying that it was trying to repair the issue. After a few hours of it pending we gave up. We took the desktop back to Best Buy. They told us that it was past the 14 day warranty, so they would ship it back to the manufacturer. This would take 2-4 weeks. Obviously we were upset, but what could we do?Once we were back at our office, we received the mail, and coincidentally there was a letter from Best Buy Geek Squad offering us a Black Tie Protection plan for either two or four years. I called both the store and the Geek Squad corporate office to see if purchasing this plan would still apply to us even though they already had our computer, and if it would expedite the issue. After a considerable wait time on both calls, The Geek Squad corporate office informed me that I was still able to purchase the protection plan, and it would most definitely expedite the return of my computer.  The Best Buy store informed that I would be able to get my computer back after 2-4 days instead of 2-4 weeks. However, the Best Buy location could not sell me the service plan.  I could only purchase it from Geek Squad corporate, so I called them back.  After being placed on hold for approximately 27 minutes, they informed me that I could not purchase the plan at this time because my "Access code was broken, and needed to be repaired" and that "There is no way to override the system error" and that I'd have to wait 3-5 days in order for technical support to fix this error. I asked to speak to a manager, even though the customer service representative informed me that a manager would not be able to help me. I insisted that she find me a manager, and begged the manager to help me. He told me that there was nothing he could do, except to call me on Friday (5 days from today) to give me an update.I called the Best Buy location again, and spoke with Dani. She said that that there was nothing they could do, because they are not able to sell protection plans after 14 days (only corporate Geek Squad can offer this product). She informed me that I missed the warranty by only two days, because it was actually a 30 day warranty. I asked her if there was anything they can do to expedite repairing the computer and she told me it would take 3-4 weeks and that was the best they could do. I informed her that a few hours ago, someone told me it would take 2-4 weeks, and she said they were wrong. She put me on hold, and came back to tell me that the warranty was actually up after 14 days instead of thirty.  She also informed me that they were wrong about it only taking 2-4 days for it to be fixed by Geek Squad, and that it would actually take about 3-4 weeks even if we did purchase the extra protection plan. I asked her, "What was the point in purchasing it?" She informed me that there really wasn't much point unless my warranty had expired. My original factory warranty is for one year. I expressed to her several times that I was very unhappy and begged her to help me in some way. She again told me that there was nothing she could do for me.I have never been told so many conflicting things, and been given such a complete run around by a company. It took me from about 1pm-4:30pm (not to mention the hour that we spent at the location earlier today) and we are not any closer to getting our computer back.I know this review is long, and if you skim to the bottom like I usually do... DO NOT PURCHASE COMPUTERS OR CELL PHONES FROM BEST BUY. They will treat you like crap.
1	eww i don't even know why i still shop there. every time it's bad customer service. never met such rude employees. This place is the worst.
3	Standard overall. Came to look at a PS3 and some games, but realized that Black Friday would produce better deals. Ended up looking around the store for CDs and DVDs. The selection is not too impressive since everything can be streamed, purchased, or downloaded now-a-days. More than anything, Best Buy is around for nostalgia. This store does have friendly staff which are helpful in searching for items though.
2	Im an avid best buy consumer. I have a best buy card and often receive pretty good service. Lately the store is just so over crowded with stuff (staff, oddly placed kiosks and check outlines) that its overwhelming! I now dread going into best buy. They took a simple store and turned it into a catechism of electronic crap. Again, the service is usually 4 star with many employees but the store itself is now highly annoying to me! The only reason I still come to best buy is because I have a BB card and any major purchase is often 18 months no interest financing which can't be beat!
3	I came all the way across town to pickup my computer since this is the only location.Pretty standard overall. Busy and crowded always and even more so when it's after Thanksgiving.Line was long, but at least my order had no hitches. I could hear some people whose orders were messed up. Yipes.
3	Of course the first time my GPS car charger dies is the time I'm in a state 3,000 miles away from home.  Needing to use it for a trip out to California the next day, I quickly tried to locate a Best Buy or equivalent to find a replacement.  This Best Buy location is pretty large and easy to find off Maryland.  I found the staff to be extremely helpful and the lines to be very short.  You can even pay in most areas of the store where you find your items.  Parking lot on premises.
1	I have only had to deal with this location over the telephone and was dissatified with the fact that I had to wait 15 minutes just to reach the wrong department. I had called because a fradulent purchase had been made with my bank card at that location, I found out that Best Buy cannot track a non-Best Buy card transaction without a receipt (obviously, I did not have it) and it was a pointless call. I don't know what their credit card policies are, but, if someone is making a purchase over $1000 I would hope that identification would requested. All in all, I feel that each location should be able to track purchases regardless of what card is used.
5	When it comes to purchasing DVDs or computer-related equipment, this location is always my FIRST CHOICE, and it's because of their staff.  And yes, I'll "name names": Matt, Brad, Sarah, Jimby, Randy & Bryan.I had a wee bit of a problem with a purchase I made, and the management went out of their way, far above what one could reasonably expect, to solve my problem to my complete satisfaction.Like many customers, the way I am treated by store employees is a determining factor in whether or not I will return.I'll be back, definitely.  I'd urge you to stop by and see what they are like, also.  I'm confident your visit will convice you to shop there, all the time.They have told me that they will MATCH any advertised price from any legitimate local competitor, which means you will get the LOWEST PRICE available.
5	Wanna buy an Amazon Kindle in France? That will cost you $120.Exactly the same Kindle at Best Buy USA? $80.Yeah, winning !
4	I wont give it a 5 star just because Fry's Electronic will win there but when im not at Fry's Best Buy will be the place to go.  They do have everything that you will need for your TV, Computer, Gaming, Phone, Etc.  I like how they do have great customer service reps who can answer any question if you are doubtful in a product.  I recommend Best Buy to all the geek's and non geek's out there lol
1	This is the worse shopping experience I've ever had. I was in the market for a new computer so I decided to stop into Best Buy, after waiting around for a very long time a sales person finally asked me if I needed help. I showed him the computer I wanted to buy and was informed it was out of stock, he then showed me a "great computer" which was actually very bad compared to the others the only thing great about it was how greatly overpriced it was. It was their most expensive computer on the floor.I told him the specs I was looking for and my budget and was informed he'd get someone with more knowledge to help me. Well, I sat there for 20 minuets and nobody ever came over. I decided to go to fry's and had the best experience. I highly recommend avoiding Best Buy and going straight to Fry's, they price match so your price will always be better and their staff is way more knowledgeable and helpful.I hope this Best Buy closes.
5	First I went online to check out some new computers.  So we saw a few that we were interested in.  Ok, lets get this party started!  I was trying to order it for store pick up.  Ummm, now it's saying it's not available, hummm, So I decided to call the toll free no.  I was on hold for 30 min. finally got help, she took all the info needed, I'm thinking ohhh yeah!  These computers are mine!  Come to find out after all that, they were only available in California and Arizona!  I was pretty sad.  So we decided to just give it a rest.   The next morning, we jumped up and decided to go to Best Buy.  Wow, we saw the computers that they said wasn't available here in Las Vegas!  They were $100.00 more than what the web site said.  Flagged down a sales person, showed him the website, and wa'la we got the computers for the price we saw them on there website.
1	This is the Best Buy I go to when a) they have good deals on films or television shows (the regular prices are a bit too steep for me), or b) I'm missing an essential piece of technology for my electronic equipment, and I don't want to wait to get it online.The prices range from reasonable to high. The amount of up-selling on warranties when I check out can be annoying.The reason they get one star instead of two or three is because of the repeated dismal customer service, with yesterday evening being an extraordinary example. My husband and I bought a Blu-Ray player online last week and neglected to order an additional HDMI cable. So we went to Best Buy, wanting to watch our unopened Blu-Rays ASAP.We found the cable without much hassle. My husband had told me earlier that week that he was going to get me an iPad for Christmas, after we had played with them at the Apple Store. He decided to get it at Best Buy after seeing the prices were the same as at the Apple Store.He sees a manager with a clipboard opening the glass cabinets at the display and tells him that he wants to buy the retina display model. The manager nods, puts his hand up to dismiss us, then proceeds to do other managerial tasks while we stand there. After a couple minutes he gets another employee to come help us.We again tell this employee what we want. She says she needs to get it from the back. We happily say "Cool" and watch her head towards the back. Five minutes go by.It wasn't that busy, and there are almost as many blue shirts as customers. None of them come up to help us or ask what we are waiting for.  I go look at the Blu-Rays for ten minutes. I go back, and my husband is still at the display, sans-iPad. We finally decided to get it elsewhere, as Best Buy obviously didn't want our money.
4	It was time to replace my lost camera case and memory card and buy a new printer, so off we went to Best Buy.  A printer was starting to make clacking sounds, and for my online teaching, December is when I usually make electronic purchases (e.g., computers, printers, monitors) to derive year-end tax deductions.  A sales rep was very helpful in showing Diane and me the features of various models of printers.  Prices were reasonable (because money is made instead by the manufacturer on the required inks, which are now 4 in number).  So, we left with a new HP Officejet 4620 printer, memory card, and camera case.We set the new printer aside, to begin to use it as soon as our old printer actually died.  But as luck would have it, that event occurred just hours before the writing of this review, and after running out of black ink, opening a new HP Black 901XL ink cartridge that will only work on our old printer, and printing out just 2 pages.  Well, at least we now know with certainty that we really needed a new printer!This Best Buy store is spacious and well lit, well stocked with merchandise, and I enjoy shopping here.
1	Store manager has a mustache and looks like a douche. I asked if he could help me with something. He just walks away and doesn't even send someone to help me.  Horrible customer service and their workers don't communicate well. Horrible selection for computers. Go to another best buy.
3	I mainly come hear because I Hate fry's.  BB is freindly service and fair prices on whatever tech gizmo you are after.  They do get all my recyclable electronics.
4	I love this Best Buyer store. Been here quite a few times during my visits to Vegas.Staffs are friendly; the store is very clean and organized.Typical Best Buy store, the items sold here are also available at other locations.
4	i bought some electronics from this store for my cousins birthday, and the new layout of the place makes it feel up to date.
1	First of all, i don't even want to give one star. I return a product to the store and some reason the store did not refund the sales tax back to my credit card. I went to store and called 1-888 number customer service. The store is telling me to talk to 1-888number ppl and 1-888ppl telling me to deal with the store. WTF ?! Where can i get my money back ?! I have been talking to the supervisor and now she quitted. Manager never show up and admin ppl are always not there for some reason. This is insane.
1	The people that work at this location are horribly uneducated. I once had a great deal of respect for Best Buy but in the past few years that respect has gone to just about nothing. It's just another Best Buy where I feel like I'm inconveniencing the employees by walking in to their store to purchase something. Maybe they feel like if you want the products you're going to buy it anyway so they don't feel like they need to go the extra mile to make you satisfied. I don't know. Going to this place is always a horrific disappointment I only do it when I absolutely have to. They wouldn't even honor their two-week exchange policy for my iPhone.
1	I just came back from the Las Vegas BB store on Maryland Parkway.  The store manager refused to sell me 15 laptops at regular price after we waited for an hour to try to get the order in.  This is how the sales process went:  we went to the front area and spoke with a lady in customer service.  She got a rep on the floor to help us, who then took us to 5 different registers and then we wound up back at the front customer service area because he could not put the sale through.  The manager was called to the front to give some type of approval to ring up the sale, and they kept talking about how to put the sale through.  One other representative was explaining why the sale could not be rung up.  When I asked them why it is taking them over half an hour to put the sale through, the manager gave me an attitude and  said he was refusing to sell to me.  I asked him why he had an attitude, then he said you started it.This was after being in the store for over an hour and waiting for 3 store associates to put the sale through unsuccessfully for over half an hour.  I asked the manager are you refusing a $4,000 sale and he said yes, then walked away.I have been shopping for years at Best buy and my previous purchase at this specific store was 2 laptops and  2 ipads last Thanksgiving.  This is the first time I have dealt with this manager and my first poor customer service experience with the company.  Why do they hire inept people as managers who lack basic people and customer service skills?
1	My first time here & I had the worse service ever. I was waiting to get help on a question that I had in regards to my tv. I waited & waited & waited & no assistance wats so ever. I walked up to 2 best buy reps & asked if I could get some one to help me @ 2 different occasions & no help came my way. Screw it I decided to leave. I was gna spend $$ on buying the new ipad air but due to horrible service I will spend my $$ somewhere else. This place blows when it comes to customer service!!!!
1	I have been going to this best buy for years and I thought they were great until now! I bought a camcorder from this store with insurance. They promised that if they can't fix it, they will replace it with the upgrade version or equal the value of the product. The camcorder I bought was on sale for $200. Just so happens that black friday is around the corner and they have a sale for a camcorder that I want for $169 instead of $269. When I told them I want this camcorder, they couldn't give it to me because it was LESS than the camera that I bought. I needed to buy something equal to or more to the camcorder that I paid for! They actually wanted me to pay extra $$ for the same product they would have on sale on Black Friday! WTF! After complaining twice, They said that they would give me the Black Friday sale if and only if I get the bundle and if I line up and hopefully get one since it's limited stock.  So I said okay then fine I will get it on Black Friday. Then I get a call from them telling me to come back so I came back and they tell me I can't get the Black Friday sale and that they can only give me the equivalence of the camcorder that they have that's going on for $269. I told them that two of their associates said they would HONOR the black friday sale and all the MANAGER said was he would just talk to them! THAT'S IT! All he did was give me the camcorder that would be on sale on black Friday. That's some ridiculous MANAGER! I was promised by two of his associates the deal on black friday yet he said they can't do it because their "SYSTEM" wouldn't allow it! Why the F**k would you not train your associates enough for them to tell me that? Instead TWO of them said they would do it!
3	My own fault for going after Christmas season as many of the items I was interested in were sold out. The store was extremely well staffed; there were employees lurking behind every corner, ready to pop out and ask you if you needed help or had questions or hi! how are you?! The sad thing is, there was only one person working the register while I waited in line which didn't make much sense. The cash registers are also very flush with the wall, which is different from the layout of most other Best Buy stores so I was unsure for a minute if I was even in the right place to pay for my purchases.
1	Bad service. I waited for 30 for someone to come help, then I ran out of patient, so I left.
5	Came here a couple hours before closing, surprisingly had much more of a variety of laptops then I had seen at fry's (def a plus).. I browsed around by myself for a few minutes, before being approached by an employee.. By that time I had narrowed it down & I knew exactly what type of laptop I wanted (touch screen & fast lol). The sales rep was extremely friendly & helpful with assisting me in choosing one, he answered every single one of my questions & was honest and knowledgable.. Awesome customer service, I'll definitely be back.
2	I will be sure to drive farther next time to avoid going to this store. I love Best Buy but this location is no bueno!
5	I just purchased an Epson 370 Photo Scanner for organizing all if my paper files at home.  Chris of the Geek Squad, helped me install the software and setup and quickly reviewed how to use it, do I don't come home with an intimidating machine.  Great service. I'm a happy customer and pleased with the time Chris spent!
1	Some lazy idiots that work here now. Went to go pick up an item and waited some time before someone helped us. The reason as to why 3 people were working on a tv that was returned while the lines just kept getting longer beats me. People behind us in line said it looked like Moe Larry and curly trying to figure out how to clean something off the tv and oh look it fits in the box. We finally got some help. Then we went to look at buying something else for the camera. We passed by some workers just standing around near the camera section and when we were going to ask for some help, they were gone and there were no workers to be found near the cameras. So we left and as we were walking out, there they were just standing around at the front talking to each other.
1	Service SUCKS at this place no matter what department you go to starting from the Geek Squad to anywhere else. Everytime I go it takes so long for some to come help us. Today i went in to buy my daughter a tablet I was there over 30 mins. And no one even came and ask us if we needed help. So when I was living I let everyone that was just standing in the front door just talking that there service suck waited over 30 min.and no one even ask if we needed help.
1	My car stereo they installed stop working after 6 months. I called them for my options to fix it . They went out of their wait to avoid me talking to the stereo guy at all cost. If you want anything gets done , you have to shop up at the store and be demanding as you have to right.
5	I haven't been to this Best Buy in this location in a long time but I can honestly say their customer service was SUPER helpful and actually listened to what customer needs and wants were. Compared to the Best Buy in Henderson, I felt like the staff was doing all they could to make everyone's shopping experience a pleasant and less stress with no pressure to buy anything. Deals change on a pretty much daily basis, the salesman did mention that the best deals usually come at the end of the year. All-in-all it was cool and I will be planning trips to this Best Buy in the future.
3	The phone department is very knowledgeable. The geek squad department  is slow and doesnt have great  customer service. They give  you unrealistic time frames and have you  wait an extra 30 minutes while they chit chat between each other in the back
