5	The ladies at Ide Mania are HIGH energy. Dios mio! Don't expect a whimper of a greeting when entering this salon. Formely a bank, with the vault now serving as the "waxing" area. Not that I need waxing, I've just heard this. I mean it's not like I have a little lower back hair. Anyway, this Aveda only salon is fun, professional and affordable. The aroma of Aveda greets you the second you open the front door. While washing your hair with the yummy Aveda products your bound to get a delicious head massage in the process. Lights out Mary! So relaxing. If you're really nice, they'll even massage your tired, weary hands. So head into Central Phoenix, whip open those glass doors and say Hola Gina, necisito un haircuto!!!!
5	*Sigh*It's times like this I wish I was a lawyer.   Or an accountant.  Cripes, even a bank teller makes more money than I do. Ide Mania is perfect in every way.  It's close by, it's an Aveda salon, they even give you a freakin' head massage before they cut your hair.And wow, do they ever cut your hair.  It was the second most perfect haircut I've ever gotten, topped only by the one my best friend gave me, after listening to me rattle on for ten minutes about what I wanted.But it was $65.  $65!  Grocery money for a week!  Six shirts from a thrift store!  Enough money to fill up my moped 21 times!I am a teacher and so I will not be visiting Ide Mania any time soon.  Very sad, I am.
5	Have you ever been to one of those pricey salons where you walk out with a trendy, perfectly coiffed 'do, every last strand in its place? Where the stylist carefully straightens or curls or teases your hair into a style so picture-perfect, it's the absolute zenith of hairstyles?I hate those places.More often than not, a hairdresser who's busy adding products and whipping out the curling iron is trying to style her way into a better haircut. And that just won't fly with me. Cuz when she pulls out that little hand mirror and spins me around, I want to see what the cut looks like, not what her Con-Air handiwork looks like.That's why I trust Ide Mania's lovely and talented Amina, and only Amina, to give me a just-hip-enough, just-lazy-enough look that gets compliments with minimal effort. In the three years I've seen her, she's moved from a beautiful (but wretchedly run) Tempe salon a mile from my home to a former bank branch in downtown Phoenix. She's raised her prices $10 (to be fair, at $55 she's still cheaper than many other Aveda stylists around town). She's become busy enough that I have to prebook my Saturday appointments weeks out. None of this phases me at all. Hell, I'd probably follow her to Peoria, and I'm not even sure I know where Peoria even is.
4	The salon has moved down Central a few blocks...and I love their color scheme of pale greens, gold and yellows...blends in perfectly with their Aveda Salon concept. My hairdresser is Amina and she's super sweet. She always has a big smile on her face when she sees me, and we have a great time chatting while she colors and cuts my hair. i always leave there feeling fabulous. Plus, Gina at the desk is a hoot! Have her do your make up with some fake lashes!
5	Carnes y quesos! Las chicas caliente a Ide Mania rock my chain Maria! Cada time. And now mis novias estan in una salon nueva. Same fabulosa mujeres. But en un building muy pretty with suelos de wood and colores muy soothing. Ole for Ide Mania. Gracias for keeping Tomasito muy guapo and muy feliz! TE AMO IDE MANIA!!!!!
5	Since moving from the Ahwautkee area I don't live as close to the salon I used to go to or the gal that cut my hair. I debated making the drive out there for a hair cut and staying loyal to my stylist, but I'm lazy, so I needed a place closer to Central Phoenix. On a tip Ide Mania was recommended (thanks Thomas S.!!). I was prepared that I would be paying $55-$65 for a hair cut which seems insane, but this cut was worth it!Stephen was my stylist and he is simply awesome! From now on I only want him to cut my hair. Not only did he do an amazing job, but he is from Manchester and I finally got to talk to someone about all the great music from that area of England. This salon has a nice, laid back atmosphere. The gal (Gina) that works the desk is so friendly and makes you feel very welcome. I love Aveda products and I'm glad this salon offers their line. I'm now saving money towards my next hair cut at Ide Mania. It's pricey, but this was the first time I walked out of a salon and have been totally happy with my hair. Big thank you to Stephen for being so awesome!!
5	Believe the hype.  I was skeptical, but it's true: after a week, the haircut and color Amina gave me at Ide Mania looks and feels incredible.I am a bit of a salon whore.  For the last year or so, I've been playing the field, looking for "the one," and I think I am ready for a committed relationship.  Don't get me wrong, I liked all my previous stylists, but if I am paying more than 60 a haircut, I don't want lectures about all the things I (and my previous hairdresser) am doing wrong, constant product sales pitches, and strained conversation.  It's really the reason I don't go to the salon as often as I should.  I feel like I am being held captive.Amina was refreshing.  She was so smart and fun to talk to that I am actually looking forward to my next visit.  And although it is true that she is expensive, I would rather pay more for a great haircut and just go a little less often.  And it is so worth it not to have to endure the constant badgering about what products I use and how whatever products they are hawking at the front desk are so much better.Thanks for the tip, yelpsters!
5	All though I was born and raised in Phoenix, I am now what they call "a snow bird", I live here for six months of the year.  I have been searching for the right and perfect Aveda Salon in Phoenix for several years.  Well, the search is over!  I walked in and made an appt over a week ago.  Gina is vivacious, and very accommodating.  I got my hair cut and colored by Stephen, who was wonderful.  I am ashamed to say that I got my appointment time confused and was 25 minutes late, but luckily he was still able to accomdate me, and was very forgiving.  Lilly fit me in and did a beautiful job shaping my eyebrows.  I left there feeling great!  I love my hair cut, and the color is absolutely perfect!  My eyebrows look amazing!  Next appointment is already booked.  The wonderful thing about this salon is that I can get a mini facial while my hair is processing!  I can't wait to go back!  Thanks so much everyone!
5	The staff at Ide Mania is wonderful and very professional.  They take of their clients and see to it that you are always leave satisfied.  There is never a too-good-for-you attitude which you will find at other establishments.Amina Call always does her very best.  She is intelligent and can hold a great conversation, all while making you look great.  Her talents with scissors is reflected in her work and I highly recommend both Amina Call and Ide Mania.
4	I was looking for a place to get a last-minute brow wax.  This happened to be between my work and school, so I made an appointment.  My schedule was tight, so I was disappointed that I sat for ten minutes to be taken back.  Lilly did a great job on my brows that made up for the wait.  She took the time to listen to what I wanted and made sure I didn't look like a lop-sided goob (unlike the lady at the nail salon the previous time, yikes).  It was honestly the best brow wax I've ever had.  I have struggled to find someone that can do a good job, but Lilly just may be that person.  I will remember for the next time though not to be in a hurry.  Parking was very difficult and I have no idea if I even parked in the right spot.  Thankfully I wasn't there long though and didn't get a ticket.
5	I finally made an appt today after receiving a $65 gift certificate from the hubby. I bitched and moaned after calling Sunday and Monday (yesterday) only to not reach ANYONE. Come to find out, they are closed both days and I somehow neglected to see that when I looked up their hours online. Yes, I am an airhead. I do think it is annoying that their voicemail directs you to their website for hours, though. Anyways, one of the girls actually responded to my voicemail and called me back today to schedule an appt. Seriously? Someone actually called back? Major kudos in my book and then they were able to take me in this afternoon/evening which made me very happy. I was almost 15 minutes late to my appt because the address on my gift certificate was their old location so be aware that they are at Central and south of Virginia, NOT closer to Indian School. The girl working on my hair was Miranda. I opted for the shampoo, cut, and style ($60). If I recall correctly, they do a scalp massage with every haircut and Miranda also gave me a hand massage but I don't remember if that is also with the cut or part of the shampoo. I had Miranda trim my hair, clean up my layers and blow-dry my hair straight (I have curly hair). My hair looks amazing and is silky soft. Yes, I could be in a hair commercial right now with my hair bouncing around my face. I thought Miranda was great and we had good conversation. I thought, whoah she could actually be my friend! She must have wooed me with her stylist charms. No, but seriously, this place was very chill, employees seemed happy to work there and very welcoming of the customers. I guess $60 may seem expensive to some but I felt like you got alot for it. I couldn't do this every month but could be persuaded to visit IDE Mania every 3 months. That seems more reasonable right???? What was cool, too, was that they let me use the remaining $5 on the gift certificate towards Miranda's tip so I gave the rest in cash. The parking situation could be a little awkward but I didn't have any issues. I haven't really been to any other salons (for hair) but as far as I'm concerned, I don't need to. Hubby can continue sending me to this place!
5	Finally, a chic and affordable Aveda salon in downtown Phoenix. Hooray! I love this place. The ladies at the front desk are SO warm and inviting - they're the kind of people who would make you forget all about your bad day. I trust Lilly with my waxes - she is friendly and very knowledgeable. I was scared for my first wax and asked her about a million questions, all of which she answered thoroughly and with patience. I haven't had a haircut here yet, but definitely plan on it.
4	I went in to Ide Mania for the first time the other day just to pick up some Aveda products.  Typically I buy them online because I can't stand the staff at Aveda salons, especially at Scottsdale.  The facade of this salon is misleading-- inside is absolutely beautiful! The staff were extremely helpful and kind, and they gave me lots of suggestions and pointers on styling.  Most of all, they were so non-judgmental and I really appreciate that.  I will definitely be buying my Aveda products here from now on!
4	I love love this place. I am a total chicken when it comes to my hair (fine and curly) and have had the same exact hair cut for years. I finally decided that I needed a change, a BIG change. So I picked Ide because of the reviews I read on here and figured why not!Miranda was my stylist. I went from shoulder length hair to an awesome chopped bob! Miranda listened to my regular style routine and gave me a haircut that works both when I am in a hurry and also can look super glam when I have a little more time to style it.The atmosphere in the salon is great, the customers were very cool, and the staff was very friendly and social.I am IN LOVE with my new hair cut, and Ide Mania! In fact, I will be going back soon for a trim and highlights!
5	Okay I just need to say that this truly is the best place ever. I love Miranda, she is magic with those scissors. The women who work there are all SOOOO sweet and helpful. I am Super picky and have fine curly hair and am always terrified when its time to get a cut because I'm afraid its gonna turn out bad (and gluing my hair back on isn't an option) but I am NEVER disappointed. Thank you Miranda and all the IDE staff! You guys rock!
5	I have been shopping around for a new stylist since my last stylist moved away nearly two years ago.  I live in Central Phoenix, and had been bouncing between my mother's stylist in Chandler, who I like, but is far away, and Salon Estique, which I liked, but never really LOVED.Folks, I am in LOVE!  Miranda was seriously a miracle worker.  I showed her a picture of a style I liked, and she was able to modify the style to fit my hair texture and lifestyle.  I also had highlights that had turned brassy, and she brought them to life.  Further, I have thick hair, and it normally takes three hours to give me a highlight/cut/style.  Miranda finished in about two hours!  The best part was that I ended spending less than what I had been spending at Salon Estique.  $135 for a highlight, cut, toner, and style.  While I realize this is pricey, it's about $50 less than what I had been spending, and totally worth it for a cut that I just adore.  I have found a home :)
5	My mom has been a regular at Ide Mania for years and also takes my 17 year old brother with curly hair there, but they don't Yelp.  She absolutely loves this place so it's always the go-to place for gift certificates for her birthday, Mother's Day, and Christmas.  My family was even nice enough to get me a gift certificate which I was used for an amazing 1-hour spa pedicure and a bunch of products.  Every time I've gone in there for gift certificates, to stop in and say Hi to my Mom while she's getting her hair done, or for products they've always been so funny, warm, professional and nice.My mom and brother who go there both have curly hair and Lettie knows exactly what to do and how to make their hair look the way they want.   My 17 year old brother has been able to grow out his curly hair from short to about to a little above the shoulders, but it's cut/shaped really well so it always looks really good even between haircuts.
5	I've actually known Ide since the late 80's (I hate to even type that!) but she's never done my hair!After receiving a terrible cut at Paul Mitchel The School, I ran to Ide who immediately admonished me for "Going THERE!!".She admitted my hair was now a challenge, but the final cut she gave me is stunning! I can't write enough about how much I love it...and her! I strongly recommend Ide Mania! Trust me, you'll receive total care and attention!
5	Love, love Ide Mania and everyone working there... I've known Ide and the entire family for over 16 years... I'm ready for a change and guess where I'm going...IDE.  You can also get a facial, nails and relax while Ms. Gina does your makeup... she is a makeup extraordinaire...If you are new in town, or being here a while and your hair stylist is not cutting it... go to Ide Mania...don't waste your time... Plus they use Aveda...yeah.
5	Another 5-star review for Ide Mania and Lettie.  I went to the salon for the first time last Saturday.  Everyone in the salon is friendly, and they all seemed happy, creating a pleasant atmosphere.  Lettie colored my hair (nice job!), and gave me a fabulous cut.  She really knows what to do with curly hair!  I only had to put a little product in my hair this morning -- no hair dryer, flat iron, curling iron...  Everyone I have seen at work this morning has told me my hair looks great!  Low effort and high reward -- what more could you want?
5	Aside from one visit to Ramon at Carmen! Carmen! at the very end, I lived in Raleigh for two years and never found a hair stylist. I move to Phoenix and get it right on the first try, within a WEEK!!Look at my profile pic.  You see those long, gorgeous locks?  Yeah.  I want to know how long you've been doing hair, how long you've been doing color, and how comfortable you are with long hair. The wrong answer to any of those questions will send me to the next phone number on my list. Luckily, I didn't need to do that here...Gina hooked me up with an appointment with Erica on Saturday, and I left a very happy camper.  My color looks great, and I'm satisfied with the cut.  I can't wait to get up in the morning to see what fun I can have with it. This is an Aveda salon, and of course carries the great Aveda products. You can also get manis/pedis, waxing, and makeup done here. It's on North Central, across from IHOP, south of Osborn.  If you're new to Phoenix, let me save you the trouble -- COME HERE!!  Ask for Erica!
5	I recently moved to Phoenix and needed to find a new salon after going to the same high-end place in Glendale.  Well, yelpers, the reason I went to Ide Mania was more than just because it was down the street.  The great reviews from previous clients lured me to the salon.  I had a great haircut from Lettie!  She nailed it the first time!  I'm going to become a regular.  Love the salon and the Aveda products they use.  The owner even came up and introduced herself and welcomed me and made me feel at home.  Love this place!  Thanks for being there Ide Mania!  I'll be seeing you.
5	Being new in a town, it can be a little nerve wracking trying to find a new hair stylist. I'm so glad I trusted Yelp and checked out Ide Mania. First off, the salon was beautiful. The great colors & atmosphere made it feel comfortable from the moment I walked in. I was promptly greeted by a very friendly receptionist. No snooty attitudes here!My stylist was Miranda and she was great! She was very easy to talk with & most importantly listened to what I wanted . Nothing worse than telling a stylist you want a trim and end up with 3 inches less hair! We worked together to pick out a great color and she gave my long lifeless hair some much needed style (without taking off much length, just what I asked for!). Also, they use Aveda products which smell great and feel incredibly natural in your hair.The only downside is that it is a bit pricey. Not out of this world expensive, but a little more than I've spent in the past. The cost is worth it for me as I only get my hair done  every 3 months or so. Plus, the peace of mind of knowing you are in good hands is hard to put a dollar amount on.I look forward to going back in a few months. If you are new in town or just looking for a new place, check them out! I doubt you will be disappointed!
4	Amina has moved over to Snapdragon, so that's the spot.  Losing a star because a star left....
4	This place is so perfect! I never had problems with the services. I just sit down and tell them to surprise me every time that I'm there. With all guts, I can say that I was never disappointed. I'm always surprised and proud at the end my session with them. I highly recommend this place.
5	I went to Mania and worked with Miranda! OK, and Gina, too! The entire experience was fabulous from the very beginning. Gina took my call, we chatted and laughed like we were longtime friends . . . she even told me I will get along well with the Ide Mania crew! She hooked me up with Miranda, but also assured me that anyone in this crew will make me happy! And after my first visit, I believe her :) Miranda is a color AND cut expert! She even used texture scissors on my hair--a first for me and I LOVE it! My color is just perfect. I tend to be a one stylist person and I literally stumbled on this salon . . .and I will be back. Thank you Mania!
1	Okay, I didn't even GET THERE and they were trying to upsell me and get me to buy their shampoo and conditioner OVER THE PHONE while I"m trying to make an appt.  When I didn't understand the woman (she was so focused on selling me on paying an extra $40 so they can show me how to use a shampoo and conditioner they have , hey, if I don't know how to use shampoo and conditioner yet, i shouldn't be functioning in society), she got all snooty and nasty.  So, I don't know how they cut hair, but if I get someone selling me products BEFORE I even put a foot in the door, I'm not going.  I want to go somewhere I can relax, thank you.
5	I can't say enough great things. I just happened to be walking by and made an appointment for a cut and color. Miranda is great! To me the prices are average for an Aveda salon. My friend in Dallas is MUCH more expensive. I decided to also get my eyebrows waxed and Lily was also super. Both took the time to discuss what I've been doing recently and even developed a plan for reshaping my brows for a more dramatic effect. Nobody has really done that. I will be back. Love Ide Mania.
1	The owner commented, and is still rude and lying in her comments.  She invited me in her comment to try another salon.  Wow.  thank you.  I did.  And I LOVED it.  And they let me try the Invati products and helped me with all of that for FREE.  that's right.  What you actually did say is that for more money you will let me try the Invati.  No thanks.
5	Miranda was my stylist for three years while I lived in Phoenix, and she was by far the best stylist I've ever had. My hair is pretty deceptive. It appears to be completely normal slightly wavy hair until you start working with it. Then you realize that I have a ton of hair with as many cowlicks as is humanly possible. I also have some of those "mature blonde hairs" growing in a little more than they should at my age. Despite all of these challenges, Miranda's cuts and color always looked great, not just the day I got my hair done, but for weeks afterward. To me, the mark of a good stylist is when your hair still looks good 6 weeks after the cut, and mine always did. Now that I'm in a new city, I'm not sure how I'm going to find a stylist who compares.
5	Loooove Ide Mania! I go there mostly for waxing since I'm terrible about getting my hair cut, but I always see those getting their hair done smiling and laughing and their hair looks great. I'll be going there for this soon. As for the waxing... Lily is AH-MAY-ZING! She's so sweet and fun, and she does the best job on waxing that I've ever had! They're quick to make appointments to fit your busy schedule and the ladies working are so friendly! You're missing out if you haven't been here yet! :) PS - Their prices are also great! Better than any other salon I've been to WITH better service and results.
5	Great group of ladies, always friendly and fun. I've been going to Susan for a year and a half now. I'm gonna miss her when I move.
5	I love this place.  I've been twice now.  The first time, in January,  I went in for a major change.  I went from long hair to a asymmetrical fringy bob.  Erica was fabulous.  When I told her I don't like to cut my hair often, she wasn't turned off a bit.  I just had my hair cut for the second time by Erica (six months later) and had her do a little more "drastic" cut, and partial highlights.  Again, I love it and have had many compliments already. The vibe of the place is fun, light hearted, and friendly, but they don't mess around when it comes to the cut.  I don't feel like the friendly, up beat and fun atmosphere translates into a lack of attention to detail with the cut and color (as has happened in other salons) The price is more expensive than the last place I went (which I loved) but I wanted some place closer to work/home.  I'm really happy I found Ide Mania and Erica.  I highly recommend this salon.
5	I was told to go to this salon by my best friend after I had fried my hair in a depressed state. (Long story)  I slumped in and was immediately set at ease and take care of totally by Erica with a FANTASTIC cut and Gina with some color shampoo.   The damage finally grew out but I still go because Erica or Susan give me such great cuts and Gina gets me in when I need to - fast too!  Lily does great waxing and the place is just urban cool.  It smells good too.
5	I went for two sessions with Susan. The first, she cut and styled my hair. The second was a dye and highlights! She was fantastic! The customer service was awesome and everywhere I go, I get compliments on my hair! The best part, I got this done for my wedding and I feel confident and beautiful! I'll be coming back here from now on.
