2	In the field of architecture, the Modern Era refers to the time period when designers produced buildings that were supposed to be timeless. Ideally these structures were to have a very functional form with their sharp angles and use of common materials. Post-Modernism, as a design school, exists to playfully mock the "serious" designs of the Modern Era. Agave Library is the perfect example of everything that is wrong with Post-Modernism.Verging away from the "form meets function" philosophy of the Modern Era, the Agave library is the least functional building I have ever seen. It is all concrete, exposed air ducts, and wires which would be fine except every noise echoes like a gong throughout the "quiet" area. The study rooms are comprised of glass walls, small round tables, and hard multi colored plastic chairs. They are laughably inadequate for hours of studying: the tables are not large enough to hold both a textbook and a laptop and the chairs are so uncomfortable for long periods of time. There are rows of tables for studying, but there aren't enough outlets for laptop users. The book collection is tiny compared to bigger branches like Juniper. However, I really like the interlibrary loan service. It allows Phoenix Library users to rent books from any library and have them sent to any convenient branch.I really wish the City of Phoenix would refrain from trying to make a statement with every public structure. Modernism and even Post-Modernism can be done in a tasteful way that is appropriate for a public building.
4	As a newbie in the Phoenix area one of my first stops was the library closest to my house. Agave was easy to find, thanks to the signs on Pinnacle Peak and the shining metal sculpture in the front of the building.Housed in a warehouse-style building (see review below for more detail), there are ample well-lit signs pointing the direction to children's, teens', fiction, and nonfiction books.  There are also plenty of internet-capable computers, a copy/printing center, 'card-catalog' computers, and a self-checkout (very modern for an old-school library lover like me!).The librarians at the front desk quickly registered my new library card and I was free to roam.  While the book selection is not massive, there is an interlibrary loan system wherein your books of choice will be sent from their home location to your library and you can pick them up.  As a food and wine aficionado, I was pleasantly surprised to find a pretty large 641 section in nonfiction.There are family events like story hours for different age groups, and computer and other adult learning classes available; check their website for information.Two thumbs up for books and dvds that I can borrow for free at my fingertips, in addition to a helpful staff and convenient location.
3	I agree with Beth.The building looks kind of cool, has plenty of snazzy neon signs and architectural "enhancements" - but it really isn't a well-designed library.If you like to browse some fiction and then non-fiction, with a trip to the computers (aka "card catalog") in between - you feel like your bouncing around a warehouse that has some bookshelves in it.It feels as if there will be a trendy coffee shop tucked into it at any moment.
5	This is a very nice library! It's on the smaller side,in my opinion, but we enjoy coming here. They offer multiple times throughout the week for children to attend baby time or story time! It's also a plus that you can renew and check availability of books online!
4	Friendly people. books are transfered quicky from other libraries in town, nice IT infrastructure to download ebooks and find information on-line.  Another great example of the services the City of Phoenix provides.  Great library!
