5	By far the best tasting yogurt in Surprise. Love the decor and love the sparkle floor.  I am amazed at how clean they keep it, but the best part is the wonderful fresh toppings they offer. Not stale like other places. I also like that they always change out the flavors. Unfortunately, I now crave this yogurt and no longer want to go the the shops that are much closer to my home.  It's definitely worth the extra driving time.
5	I had a great time here the other day. The customer service was wonderful and the yogurt was amazing. That Salted Caramel is so YUMMY! I will be back!
4	Salted caramel frozen yogurt? YES PLEASE! It's no secret that I'm a big Fro-Yo fan and this spot, though a bit hard to find amid all the hub-bub of the big strip mall off Bell and Grand, is definitely worth the visit. Fro-Yo is fresh tasting with great flavor combinations to choose from. For those looking, it's on the side near where B of A, Starbucks and is right next to Pizza Hut.  The one thing I would change is the stark-white tables and chairs. Not a good mix with kids coming in. It seems to be becoming an industry standard with Fro-Yo places and this place is pretty sterile. The neon colored spoons are fun though and there is a wide variety of mix-ins to add to your Fro-Yo if you so desire.A piece of advice--I hope that Razzleberriez will remember--when the snowbirds leave, your best customers are going to be us residents and we have kids so don't forget to appeal and cater to us as well. We'll be loyal to you if you are loyal to us!
5	Beautiful girls, great prices, and the best yogurt in town
2	I don't get it, I remember the good ol TCBY frozen yogurt. Creamy and smooth, real flavors.  This stuff melts weird in your mouth and the flavors all taste artificial and the same in a weird way.  So over priced.  The only good thing was how nice they are, really good customer service.
5	SO happy this place is in surprise :) its SOO CLEAN, staff is so wonderful, the yogurt is SOO GOOD, always new & good flavors!! HIGHLYYYYY HIGHLYY RECOMMEND!!!!!!!!!!! :-) :-)
4	Finally a convenient frozen yogurt place in the heart of Surprise!!!
4	Friendly service, free samples, several options of frozen yogurt and several options of toppings....YES!  Sign me up!  I frequent this place when I visit the area every year!  It's yummy!They make you weigh your purchases separately, and that seems inefficient, but it's not a big deal.
4	Very nice little place. It's a pretty typical fro-yo shop, but the service here was great. Everything was also very clean. They had a good amount of topping choices. They also have a small selection of baked toppings by the cups. I had their salted caramel fro-yo with Butterfinger and Oreos and it was really good. A few other flavors that I liked were the Reese's peanut butter cup and the pomegranate. Good selection of fro-yo flavors and nice atmosphere, so I will definitely be back next time I pass through.
4	Another great yogurt place on the westside. The people working were nice. The place was clean and well organized. I loved all the extra cookie options that they had to offer too. The special flavors were great too! Can't wait to go back!
2	Yogurt is watery and expensive. Fro-Yo should be much thicker than this. It shouldn't be a liquid 5 minutes after you start eating it.The only upside is that they offer the usual samples along with a loyalty program.
3	Good service, nice location not to busy but also close to everything! Outside patio with plenty of lounge space. Inside as plenty of selections of frozen yogurt ( and they change weekly). Three tv's  with lots of space to sit down and get away from the heat of AZ if you get hang. All in all try it out!! You won't be disappointed.
1	Omg....terrible place for frozen yogurt!!!   I would not recommend this place at all!!!
3	Good frozen yogurt but the management NEEDS to tell their female employees to stop checking out women's husbands. Every time I have been there, every girl will be so sweet to my husband and completly be so rude to me. I'm getting so so so close to saying something to these little home wreckers! -.-
4	This is a pretty neat place,It's just your typical yogurt self serve place. You come in, grab a cup, dispense your yogurt and add toppings. Then you go to the front of the counter and place it on the scale. But one thing I noticed was the time and effort they give you. As soon we walked in, someone greeted us. Walked with us to the dispensers, and asked us if we wanted to have a sample of them. Having a 6 and 7 yr old with you, this is very helpful. They even recommend us to try some of the flavors, I declined at first. But when they said I would regret it, I tried their salted caramel! Funny how that was the flavor I ended up getting. This is something we don't usually do a lot, but when we do, It will be Razzleberriez,.
