5	I have been getting facials and laser hair removal treatments for several years now. Dr. Leber's office is very welcoming and the staff are friendly. The laser technician at his office is professional, caring, knowledgeable,  and experienced. I have followed her from a previous Dr's office to continue my services of facials and laser treatments.I have a darker skin tone that makes it harder to treat, so I am told. I trust the technician fully to appropriately handle my skin type.I have never encountered and problems. I would highly recommend this office if you are looking for treatment.
5	I am so lucky to have met Stephanie, aesthetician at Dr. Geoffrey Leber's office.  She has helped my skin tremendously!  She has been my skin expert for the past year.  I now get compliments all the time on my skin, and although it was not bad before, it now smoother than ever with a healthy glow.  I love the level of professionalism and knowledge on all skin treatments and products.  I am always confident that I am getting treatments that are in the best interest of my skin, rather than what is best for their bottom line.  I would highly recommend a consultation so you can learn about all the cutting edge options they offer.
5	I have been a faithful client of Stephanie Willis for over 6 years now. She has brought my sun damaged, hormone ravaged skin back from what I thought was a hopeless place. After spending most of my teenage years in the sun lathered in tanning oil I thought I had defied the odds and ended up fairly fresh face with very little sun damage. Then I hit my 30s and I had 2 pregnancies back to back and WOW everything I had done in my teens and 20s surfaced with a vengeance. Hyper pigmentation, hypo pigmentation, wrinkles, freckles... you name it, I had it. Before I met Stephanie I had tried everything including expensive treatments, serums 2 different estheticians and a dermatologist who told me to invest in some good camouflaging makeup. I was so self conscious I didn't EVER leave the house without heavy makeup. After I started seeing Stephanie I began seeing incredible improvement. I'm not saying it happened overnight but gradually my skin tone has evened out and my face has  become more youthful and firm. I have even been complimented on how it glows!  I wish there was a way to post pictures on yelp but If you want to see for yourself message me and I will email them directly to you. I can't say enough about what a difference she has made in my life.
