5	The Bellusso staff is very helpful and they know how to treat their customers right.  I was very impressed by their watch technician Ernesto Veles who has over 50 years of watch repair experience and training.  If you're anywhere on the Strip and in need of luxury watches or their service, don't waste your time anywhere else--go straight to Bellusso in the Palazzo hotel/casino.  There's just no comparison!
5	I don't doubt that some people had a bad experience here, it really is about who you get. I don't know why so many watch salesmen exude unhelpful smugness, but they're there. I'd give 2 stars to a nameless watch store in this same area for that exact reason. I don't know how many people walk into a place like this without something very specific in mind and have people dote on them. I think you have to talk the talk, even if you don't look the look (I was in tennis shoes with unkempt hair after a flight). I worked with Achod and he was GREAT. I know I can buy a watch online for less, but after his willingness to show me one thing after another (at his encouragement), I'm convinced when I do buy, it'll be from him. I told him what I was after and my price point and he kept it there. I felt there was some customer willing to spend much much more than I just around the corner... he didn't care. He was more excited to talk to someone who was excited about watches than had a fat wallet. Very much appreciated that he treated me like a million bucks, even when I looked like a twenty.
5	David who is the manager of the store far surpasses all expectations.  I was deeply appreciative of the kindness and graciousness he displayed in handling the repair of my ring. We plan on a return trip to Vegas in December and look forward to making a purchase there.Davids care and concern far exceeded my expectations and I would highly recommend him to anyone looking to purchase a fine piece of jewelry
1	Wow, I have never been to a store of this caliber and been treated so rudely by a staff member.  We were staying at the Palazzo this weekend and stopped in the boutique with my friend whose birthday we were celebrating.  She's a big watch afficionado and we figured, when in Vegas might as well take a look right?  WRONG.When we walked in the Chinese sales associate said hello to me in Chinese which made it seem like the visit would go well.  My friend asked her if the store carried a certain watch brand.  The lady just flipped her lid and angrily said that I think you're in the wrong store, this is a Vacheron Constantin boutique, it's rude to ask about another brand.  My friend just said oh well I thought all of these boutiques were associated and I wasn't sure what each one carried.  We then left, because honestly, who wants to even think about spending money at a place like that?  Keep in mind the brand my friend asked about was equally as expensive.  This saleswoman handled the situation so poorly, it makes me wonder how they train they train their staff here.  It left all of us with such a bad taste in our mouths!  It's really ridiculous that these RETAIL employees think they're so much better than potential customers who would spend tens of thousands of dollars on watches and other jewelry.  It's just not cool.
