4	Located in the Fiesta Henderson Casino this place is a locals hot spot for weekend breakfast. No long lines. Fast & friendly service.Great prices $3.99 Grand Slam breakfast. Feed a family of 3 for under $20!Don't forget to tip your waitress! :)
3	This Denny's restaurant is in the Fiesta Henderson. The food and such are what you'd expect from Denny's, and I do mean that in a good way - for the most part.When I first entered this restaurant (for the first time), the hostess asked me if a table was all right. I prefer to sit in booths, so I actually took offense to this - the proper thing to say would have been "would you prefer a table or a booth?" Asking me if a table is all right implies no booths are available or something is wrong with them. For my meal I ordered chicken soup and french toast - but they just plain forgot about the soup. I had to remind them AFTER I got my french toast. They were nice enough to give me the soup for free, but the whole reason I get the soup is to hold me over until I get my entree. Being in a casino, this restaurant has no divider wall between the gaming area and the restaurant, which is annoying (though fortunately it is higher up than the gambling, so the noise and odor of smoke aren't too bad.) This also means there are no bathrooms in the restaurant.This isn't the best Denny's I have ever eaten in, though certainly not the worst. Still, I'll drive the few extra miles to the stand-alone Warm Springs location to avoid all the casino noise and hit-and-miss service.
4	lumberjack slam was great , waitress gave great service , got a seat right away and coffee was very good !!!
3	After watching a movie at Regal Colanade, we got hungry so we stopped by Denny's.  When we walked up to the hostess area, we waited for a few minutes before the hostess asked one of the waiter "Will you seat THEM for me?"  I am used to be calling GUEST...but wait, this is Denny's.  Nevermind.Anyways, we got seated and got our water promptly.  I don't remember the last time I had Denny's but the menu looks pretty good.  They have a $2, $4, $6 and $8 menu, which each group has a mix of appetizer, entree, and dessert.  That seems pretty darn good.When the waiter came by to take our order, we told him that we would like to order the crispy chicken strips and 2 pancakes.  He walked away and that's when we realized that for the chicken strips, you can order them tossed in honey bbq or hot sauce.  We quickly flagged our waiter down to specify that we want them neither sauce and just have the hot sauce on the side.  He just nodded.  Based on my experience at the restaurant, the waitstaff would ask you how you would like it cook, what sauce would you like with your food, etc, but I guess it's the guests' responsibility?  Wait wait...once again, this is Denny's.  Nevermind AGAIN.  Afterward, we didn't see him until he gave us our check.Anyways, the food is definitely cheap, but don't expect good customer service.  It is afterall, a Denny's.
1	The food was bad. I ordered a choco shake for the hubby and I, which supposedly comes with the extra in the mixing tin. I only got a glass. When I asked the waitress, she said you get it only if there's leftovers. Hmm, I don't think she gets the idea. My hubby's food was not as described - the spicy cowboy chopped steak, which should've been called hamburger steak. My pulled BBQ chicken sand was not even saucy. It was awful food and service. The only reason why we ate it was because we didn't have to "pay" for it. It was mostly covered with a comp. :P never again.
3	It is okay but you get tired of it fast.
2	Every time I visit this Denny's, I have a familiar thought... Why am I here??!?  The service is always slow.  It seems very understaffed.  The servers are often rushed and spread too thin, which means that I've often gotten cold or incorrect food.  I'm sure I'll return, though, and wonder why I'm there.  I guess that's how dining at Denny's is... Is it really ever a deliberate choice??
1	It's the little things in life that make it all worth it. Little things like ranch dressing in a ramekin, water refills, and the check. Look it: we know what we're doing... We are going to Denny's and expect shitty food. We're drunk. We just lost $20 in a machine. We want to escape. We do that by eating at Denny's. But we still expect service. Christ, you're bad at your job. We sit in a booth surrounded by unkempt tables; piles of dirty dishes left by disappointed customers who came before us. I'm sad when I realize my ketchup bottle is empty. Why is it up to me to replace it by snatching one from one of those dirty tables? Why can't you check up on us? You aren't busy... Listen: be good at what you do. Try. I'm more than happy to overtip when given the chance. You work in Las Vegas... Understand that the locals you wait on are also in some sort of service industry. All we want is someone to take care of us for half an hour. Do your fucking job.
