1	Initially stopped at a mall kiosk when I asked for a battery for my phone, the employee behind the counter chuckled then could not open the phone to see the battery. The frustrating part is that I phoned first and asked if they service phones - Next.Went to find an AT & T Store... Found the store and signed in and was eighth on the list. While waiting I noticed (overheard) that each customer was told "you need a new phone."  My turn, I describe my issue and ask for a battery. "You need a new phone," I'm told. I reply, "This is a work phone, I am on call tomorrow, I need a battery." This continues for awhile and I find out if they have any batteries "yes."  Then I talk the clerk into putting it in my phone. She obliges and puts it on a charger -  immediately says it's not charging. I finally persuade them to sell me a battery.
5	Have gone into this AT&T multiple times having to make changes on my account. I've never had a problem with the staff: they have been friendly and helpful and I've always had my problem solved in this store. Once a manager even over-rode the computer system to allow an employer discount for someone who was not the primary name on the account (something they aren't supposed to do) and didn't even complain or make it a hassle. By far much better in-store customer service than other cell companies I've been with. Also, never experienced a long wait time, which is nice (probably because they know what they are doing and go straight to the point without hassling you!). Definitely the only cell phone store that I haven't had a problem with!
5	I've been going to this AT&T store for years, and have always been pleased with the customer service and quality of service and product.  Yesterday I went in for an iPad, and had to run back today to have someone do something with the SIM card.  I was in a complete hurry after an incredibly busy day, and literally ran in as they were about to lock the door for the evening.  They were super kind, helpful, and immediately solved my issue without making me feel like I was keeping them from going home.  On my way home I was thinking about how they could have been rushed, or rude, or any number of things, but they were awesome.  Kristopher, Sean and Tony are the BEST.  Thanks for the stellar service!!
5	Ray is awesome! I come here for my business cell phones and am beyond pleased with the quality & service of this Store and its products.
2	Was here for about 15 minutes, one rep was not helping any customers and no one told me to sign in or anything, I wanted to add a line, just do it online and let these useless employees go.
2	Unfortunate, been with AT&T for only 3 months and 2nd time been to store. All associates (except Ursula) seemed like they were being inconvenienced. C'mon AT&T. Hire people who genuinely want to help out
1	I have been trying to reach a live Business Representative for the past year.  All I get is one recording after another.  Or recordings that say the business office is closed.  Even on-line there is no way to contact or email a live person.  AT&T apparently does not provide  customer service at all.   It is essencially non-existant This company has added charges onto my bill and has made it impossible to talk to someone to get a resolution regarding these extra fees.  As a business owner I would never recommend that anyone use AT&T for their business needs.  The phone number on my bill is also bogus.  It does not allow you to speak to a live person.  Just a computer.  Still trying to reach a representative.
