2	I wouldn't give this place five stars... or four... or three... they pretend to give you a great deal, buuuut it's not really.So I took my car in to get an alignment, since I felt a little bit of a shimmy-shake in my steering wheel-- the long story short on that one is that after their "alignment" it shakes MORE; I wouldn't even take my car back to them to fix this problem, I'd rather go to PepBoys or Sears (and that's saying something).I also decided to get an oil change, since I was at 3 month (not at 3K though, but I figured why not), and I opted for the high mileage and brought in a coupon to have it done for cheaper than the $55 they wanted to charge.  When I told the guy at the front that I have a special little oil plug that is in it's own self tapping bolt that is in the pan, he freaked out a little and said they couldn't do the oil change. When I explained that it wasn't a big deal, I just wanted them to be aware of the situation, he was unrelenting saying it couldn't be done-- the guy next to him, Jaime was listening to what I was saying and agreed with me.  This even longer story short, they changed my oil.I got the usual "you need eight types of flushes, new hoses, radiator changed, shocks and struts all around based on the mileage, fenders changed every 60k miles, new quarter panels with every oil change and my first born" which I deflected with a series of "no," "no thanks," "yeah no."The cost for the alignment and oil change was $115; the car is shakier than ever, but the guy Jaime was pretty cool.I would recommend ONLY if you break down across the street-- and even then, maybe push it over to a mom and pop place that will take care of you.
4	I've been to a lot of Brake Masters, and this location has the biggest waiting room in all of my visits, not really sure why.  I took my friend's car to get the brakes check out before she's not sure when the last time she had the service done.  After waiting in-store for about an hour to get it check-out, the technician told me that the brakes need to be fix.  So I let the tech go ahead with the job after I got permission from my friend to do that job.  They knew that I've been out and about and is tired so they did their very best to finish the jobs ahead of time so I could leave.  I will go back there again to do the brake job.  They also fix other problems most of the dealerships do, so if you need a second opinions, make sure to stop by there and you maybe be able to save a few bucks.
1	brakemasters first repaired air-conditioner for 1,000 then had to take it back and took it back again and they said it would cost 2,000 more.  i took my truck in for an overheating problem where they replaced intake gaskets and used abrasive material to clean block surface, abrasive debris was later found in engine oil pump, which in turn destroyed my engine.
