1	I went to this restaurant yesterday and paid two meals with drinks. When I arrived at the salad bar I was dismayed to find pasta smeared on the serving tray. I dug through the whole pile and didn't find a single clean one. I then looked at the plates and began to pick them up in every stack of plates and they were ALL greasy, had food on them and smudges of black oil of some kind on them. My hands were greasy just picking them up.I called for the manager and demanded my money back immediately and requested that she have all the plates and trays washed. The help and manager started picking through looking for an occasional clean-ish plate. When I saw this happening I told the manager that I would call the health department if she didn't remove all the dishes immediately.My concern though is that all the food dishes may have been contaminated in the same manner. If you got sick there let me know.
4	Some items here at Souper Salad are standards, & some change weekly to keep things interesting.  Today I stopped in for lunch & found them serving some tasty seafood & some Italian treats for their current specials.On the salad bar, there was a delicious "Zesty Feta & Seafood Salad", "Tuna Skroodle Pasta Salad", "California Chicken Salad", & some other special items, as well as the usual great stuff including Fettucini Alfredo, & their premium, creamy cottage cheese (not that barfo diet stuff the competitor serves!).  Of course there was lots of fresh fruit too, & more.Over at the soup table, there were six tasty varieties available, including their meaty, always excellent chili.  (Look for it in a surface kettle near the breads.)  My favorite soup today was the Chicken Tetrazzini.  Yum!Some of the other things I had today were a bunch of sweet red grapes, some delicious lasagna, a taco, & strawberry shortcake with a big dollop of whipped cream on top for dessert.I've eaten at every Souper Salad in the Valley now, & my report is that they always offer great food & great service in a comfortable atmosphere for a great price.  You just can't go wrong here,  Orangehead's awful review notwithstanding!Lunch or Dinner Buffet $6.79 (sometimes $5.99!), Sr. $5.79.
4	This place was very good for the excellent price.  I especially loved the beef noodle soup which had a dark rich broth and lots of noodles and meat. I was in a soup mood on this chilly evening and I had three small bowls of it.  The chicken with star noodles was also good.  I had two bowls of it.  I only had a taste of the potato-leek and was too full to appreciate it.  The salads were fresh and tasty but I was running out of room so I couldn't finish them.  There was only one piece of pizza left, which I ate.  It had good flavor, though was more like frozen pizza than pizza parlor type. The Caesar salad was gone when we first went thru so I didn't taste it.  My daughter went back for some and liked it.   She said the ice cream was real good at the end.  I only had room for a tiny piece of sweet honeydew melon and small portion of strawberries, both good.  The dinner was $5.79 for me and $6.79 for her and we both felt like it was a bargain.  While it was buffet, the girl walking around kept checking with all the customers see if they needed anything.  There wasn't anybody at the cash register when we walked in even tho we waited a couple of minutes so we went ahead and went thru the line.  I'm sure we could have left without paying as nobody seemed to realize we hadn't paid, except that's not my style, so we tracked somebody down to pay when we were finished.   They had already closed out the cash registers since it was closing time and couldn't take my credit card so I paid cash and received a handwritten receipt.  But the manager and helper we chatted with at the end were so nice it balanced off the negative.Oh, and I especially looked carefully at the trays and dishes after reading an earlier review but everything was very clean.  So was the table we sat at, though we did change tables as the first booth we sat at was very small and left us no "growing room."  The other booth was spacious and fine.Next time I'm in a soup mood, this is my place to go!
1	This is the worst Souper Salad I've been to here in AZ.  I went to this place with my husband and my 21 yr old son.  I was starving!  Once we sat down to eat.  My son had a pasta salad that had pieces of chicken.  To my amazement he was using a knife to cut something that was in this salad.  Then when this item wouldn't cut he used his fork to pull up this item from his salad.  We all freaked out!  It was a thin white rubber glove.  We couldn't see it because it blended in with the white sauce and white pasta and white chicken pieces.  I was soooo disgusted after this, I couldn't eat my meal.  We called the manager over, he appoligized and said he can only refund my son's plate.  Once we got this we left with left this place with disgust.  Never again will I ever go back to this place.  Ever since I experienced I've reluctantly go to buffets now.
4	Sadly, this Souper Salad has closed.     :-(
5	This Mesa location for Souper Salad has undergone drastic improvements in the last month or so, and I would like to compliment them on a job well done. Gone are the greasy tables and dirty heat lamps, the permanently ill staff coughing on the dinner trays, the poorly laid-out floor plan and the perennially dirty windows. Now the place is open, inviting, and full of sunlight and air. Yes, it's closed now and the doors are locked, but think of the favor they've done you--now you can't eat there if you tried!
