5	I have only been here a couple of times to see a close friend of mine who had to have a kidney out. I haven't been to many hospitals in my time thankfully, but I was pleasantly surprised at how well run and clean this hospital was. The architecture of some of the buildings was ornate and completely the opposite of the archetypal hospital. The grounds had lots of flowers around it and flowing meadows of grass. Me and a couple of friends came on a surprise visit and didn't have a clue where our friend was to be found,. but all the staff we encountered were so helpful in trying to get us to our friend before the visiting hour was up.We eventually got to the urology unit where our friend was to be found and every time you go through a set of doors a  hand sanitizer has been placed to ensure health standards. Our friend even said that the food was not just edible, but enjoyable!
2	I had my appendix out last year. Which was nice. I was gutted though, I wanted an awesome scar and instead I got three tiny ones. Overshare? Bloody modern keyhole surgery. Anyway, I'm not here to talk about that - obviously the surgery was a total success and I was cured. I'm going to talk about my experience of the Western General.I was only there for three nights, yet I was moved to four different rooms. That means I was moved twice in one day. That just happened to be the day after surgery when I was in a lot of pain and didn't really want to be disturbed. I understand if they need to move you, but it seemed a bit excessive.Also, there is NOTHING to do! There are no TVs, no reading material. I asked the nurse if she could possibly get me a paper. She brought me back Heat. Great. Just great. I mean, I learnt a lot about Katie Price but it went straight into my slipstream of vacuous crap. And the food was hospital food. So all in all, it was a pretty lousy experience. I hope I'm not ill again.
5	I have been to a few Hospitals in my time, but the people at WGH are the best of the very best.My dear wife had major surgery at the end of last year and the staff were so kind, caring and supportive.If we ever had a query they were only too pleased to help in any way.Thank you WGH! You guys rock!
