4	I have been working in downtown Phoenix for 15 months, so I can confirm this place is at least 15 months overdue. This is the first Yogurtini franchise I've ever been to, and it's pretty much your standard self-serve place.  They have a wide variety of yogurt choices and toppings.  The flavors could perhaps be a bit more, you know, flavory, but they were good.  My friend said the mango tasted a bit off, but if we're being honest, that may have just been him...  I do know that the candy corn was an unexpected and irresistible option.  Prob the best part is that I no longer have to carry through on my threat to quit my job and open up a self-serve yogurt place downtown.   My parents thank you, Yogurtini.
4	My quest to conquer the fro yo overload in the Phoenix-metro continues and today I was able to cross Yogurtini at CityScape off my list. I think that this shop is a pleasant addition to CityScape and I'm sure the fro-yo obsessed businessmen and women like myself overload on the cold, creamy goodness as much as I would if I worked in the area. Sadly, though I do not work consistently in the area but I now know where I'll stop for a frosty treat when I'm visiting the vicinity! This fro yo shop is similar to all the rest out there. They have a decent selection of flavors including tart and creamy. They have a large selection of toppings including pop rocks! Yes, I said pop rocks. There prices are pretty comparable to the others out there and they have a couple seats, but definitely not a ton. However, this location is obviously for those on the go, so it makes sense why they don't have extensive seating. I don't know what more there is to say about the fro yo shop other than that it's worth a stop by if you're in the area! PS - it's located on the corner of Washington and 1st and is located on the first floor inside the CityScape business building (the same side of CityScape as Gold's Gym and Charming Charlies).
4	I am addicted to frozen yogurt so I was very excited to see this open in CityScape! Pretty much the standard frozen yogurt shop. Serve yourself and add your own toppings etc. I have been in twice in the last few weeks and will most likely continue going as my addiction grows.
5	Great tart yogurt here!
4	I sampled the Ruby Red Grapefruit which is a featured flavor and I tell my friend Craig that I think it is way too bitter. Then the nice counter gal chimes in with the sweetest tone...Well, grapefruits are bitter, right?  Leave it to me to state the obvious but we both got a chuckle out of it. Meanwhile Craig is wondering what "NSA" stands for which in the context of Fro-Yo, does not mean No-Strings-Attached.  I decide, after sampling all the flavors twice, to go with the creamy island coconut, blueberry and pomegranate sorbets. Cream island coconut is my favorite flavor so far. The space is small with limited seating but they keep the topping counter and pumps super tidy.
4	CityScape just keeps getting better and better by the week! Sure it's a complete knock off of Mojo Yogurt ... but it's HERE and that's all that matters. And it's tasty.Even the interior even takes a page from Mojo (with an ultra modern look and feel).
4	The opening time is definitely a plus. We wondered by at 9:00pm and met a full house. Taste-wise it's just as it, I can't tell too much difference from other similar stores.
3	I absolutely loved this place and was SO excited to have a froyo place Downtown... but recently this place seems like it's closed down. It does not say it's closing anywhere on the web or on the doors but we've one by twice around 8pm (it says it closes at 11pm) and it is closed. Also, when  we called the phone number it says it is no longer in service. It's really too bad if it's closed or if the franchisees just don't give a crap... because we loved it and would've continued to give them business. Now we have to drive up to yogurtology. I hope they can keep this location open and open later in the day.
5	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):9 Food8 Service9 Atmosphere10 ValueI love this spot.  Since you pay per ounce, you can enjoy a tiny taste, or you can pound a gallon of 'gurt.  I've always gotten my fill and never spent more than $4.The toppings selection is excellent and the yogurt flavors are good (their seasonal Pumpkin Spice w/ cheesecake chunks is my current favorite).  They recently scaled back their hours a bit :( but I hope that gets reversed as 44 Monroe finishes filling up, Concord Eastridge builds their apartments, and CityScape puts apartments on its hotel.
1	It was 8:55 pm on a Sat night....the doors were still open so we walked in, the girl said they were closed. We said there's still 5 more minutes, but she said that her register showed it was 9:02 and that that they already closed & they can't ring up anymore sales....Apparently, the time on her register is fast because both of our cell phones showed 8:55 pm and they would technically still be open for business. At the same time, 2 more people walked in and she had to turn them away, too!...I will be calling their store tomorrow to speak to a manager to complain.... They probably lost a good $20 easily in yogurt sales, just for closing 5 mins early, if you calculate that 4 people x 1 yogurt at an average of $5 each... I bet management would not be pleased to know that they lost about $20 in revenue because the register time is 7 mins fast!    Ended up just going to Safeway and bought a pint of yummy Ben & Jerry's Ice Cream...The Best, of course!
4	They have the perfect combination of the classic tart yogurt and more modern flavors. Not only that, they had an amazing blueberry tart that I had never tasted, lower in calorie than the regular tart and hits the spot perfectly. I mixed it with cake batter and topped it with kiwi, blackberries, raspberries and mango. It was the perfect lunch and I plan on going back tomorrow for the same. I'm in town for work and just not a sandwich type person so this is a fantastic quick bite option. While they have other good flavors, I think I'm going to stick to these because I don't like to mess with perfection. I highly recommend this place for all fro yo lovers as well as those who haven't yet taken the jump. It's well worth it.
4	While wandering around downtown Phoenix, very very quiet for a Monday, we came across this froyo place which looked to be where everyone was. All the seats were taken inside and out and we had to stop by. How could you not?They have a wide selection of flavors, some of them a little "out there" but it tasted good. Just what was needed after a nice long walk.Hard to go wrong with froyo, bound to heal all ails.
5	1) Plenty of soft serve options (standard vanilla and chocolate, plus rotating varieties like coconut, berry, mint, birthday cake, and snickerdoodle... there's even a vegan spigot)2) Toppings galore--everything sweet and salty under the sun3) Really comfortable space with outdoor seating4) Super friendly and helpful staff (I picked up nine cups of deliciousness for a meeting and the girl behind the counter did everything in her power to expedite the process so I could deliver with minimal meltage5) Great price! We got nine cups plus toppings and were out the door for 21 bucks. Two spoons up!
3	Im a big fro-yo fan and as such, this place is pretty much like most others. They've got a groupon now coupon you can pick up from time to time. Good tasting yogurt and a decent choice of toppings. I find that this location seems to not be kept up quite as well as many other places. Ive been to other frozen yogurt establishments (including other yogurtinis) that litterally, wipe down the counters and machines almost immediately after each customer. That aside, its a solid choice for frozen yogurt if you're in the downtown area.... they also validate 2 hours of parking in the cityscape garage. If you're coming down just for some frozen delight, fear not the parking fees!
2	I am rating this in comparison to Zoyo, Mojo,and Yogurtology.   They were out of 3 different flavors - leaving mostly just the "fruity" ones. They said they are having issues with their supplier.  They also have about 1/2 of the toppings that the above 3 have and its the same price..So unless you work downtown and this is within walking distance, head over to Zoyo on 7th.
5	First time there.  LOVED the Vegan Pomegranate Raspberry!  "Service attendant" could have been a bit more upbeat, though.
