4	Through the sounds of buses going by, employees on their cell phones and the foot traffic scurrying along, lies the quietness and relaxing area known as The Green. Retail shops and places to eat line the perimeter of the park, but the real gem is the park itself. Walkways weave in and out of the grassy areas, and if you follow them you will be pleasantly surprised by fountains flowing out of fish sculptures (see pic), interesting pictures in the sidewalk, and little areas to rest your feet. Pay attention to the wooden "street signs" as you travel through and enjoy the peace and quiet in here. This is a great place to keep in mind if you are getting married and looking for a place to take nice pictures. Over the weekend we saw a Bride and Groom doing just that, and it looked like they got some great shots.
4	The green is a blissful centerpiece of Charlotte, our very miniature version of Central Park.  There are unique sculptures that are scattered about the park and fun road signs pointing to random yet creative destinations.  The park is a fun place to take your kids after some ice-cream to run some sugar out of their systems or to walk hand in hand with your significant other while the sun is beating down.  I tossed a penny into fountain with the man-sized fish around each corner.  Often times, The Green is reserved for weddings and receptions, but I would chose a less busy destination.  I just enjoy wandering down the paths to catch some relaxation.
4	I bumped into this little park one night while walking around up town with my dog. Sometimes in the evening, she and I will go check out the people uptown instead of doing our normal neighborhood walk, and it was kind of like finding a secret garden. While there were a few drunken yuppies wandering through the garden paths, there were lots of really beautiful plants, cute benches to sit, and great things (apparently) for my dog to sniff (who knows what she was picking up on...). I have since been back several times, both at night and during the day, and I think it's one of the most charming parks in Charlotte. It's not got the rugged flavor of some of the other parks outside of the heart of town, but it's appropriate to be a little more refined in the city's center. It's worth checking out, and if you work uptown, it's a great option for a lunch break!
5	The Green is my favorite part of Uptown. I used to work right by there and I'd often go out to The Green to eat my lunch or read a book. It's the perfect place to escape your office and enjoy beautiful weather. On weekdays, you'll find plenty of bank employees sitting at the outdoor tables eating lunch from Matt's Chicago Dog or Sandwich Club and on the other side, you'll see little kids playing in the fish fountain. During the winter, there is a tiny ice rink on The Green (which is a funny sight on those odd days when it's suddenly 65 degrees again). In the summer, Charlotte Shakespeare Theatre does awesome performances on The Green.
5	It should be obvious to anyone who has spent any time in Charlotte that we have nothing approaching anything like New York's Central Park.  If we did, we would have virtually no uptown.  Charlotte is really that much smaller than New York.  To be fair, a lot of other cities are as well.  But we do like to think we are cosmopolitan and all that.  So we do have comparable features.Marshall Park is a decent-sized park contained within the inner loop.  Unfortunately it isn't terribly enjoyable because it has little to no cover and is surrounded by busy streets.http://www.yelp.com/biz/marshall-park-charlotteLuckily, there is The Green.  While there are two relatively busy streets (Tryon and College) that border The Green, you can't really see either unless you are on the very edge of this uptown oasis.  It is nicely landscaped, has plenty of seats and provides a welcome respite from the busy world all around.What's more is that you have several eating options alongside, from Matt's Chicago Dog all the way up to Aquavina.  Or bring a picnic of your own and watch kids play in the fountain or maybe see a wedding taking place.  It's a nice gathering spot, unlike Marshall Park.  Many people don't even realize it's here.Also be sure to check out the contents of the park.  Signs indicate the distance to various Charlottes around the world, as well as other posts that tell you how to find a favorite author (For instance, "Edgar", "Allan" and "Poe" on one post).  Pages from a book are scattered about.  It is really a nice addition to uptown.  We could use more like it.
5	Looking for a fun little park in Uptown? The Green is just the place! It's a perfect stop probably better suited for adults. Not sure how kid friendly it is since there are no swings or anything, although the theme is child-fun. However, there is a giant fish water fountain, but every time I have visited it is never on (then again, it's not summer yet). This park is conveniently located across from the convention center; it's a great refuge from any conference goer who needs some space and quiet or to sun bathe. There are a few restaurants lining the park as well if you forget to pack a picnic basket. Lately, the park has some additional art by Niki de Saint Phalle (same artist who made the Firebird outside the Bechtler). They are vibrant pieces and it's fun to see kids play around them.  During the summer, you can watch Shakespeare plays here. It's a great event and many people arrive early to lay out their blankets and have a picnic before it gets started. During the winter, like Michael E. mentioned, there is an ice skating rink.I really like this park, go here and you will too!
4	Sculptures and fountains and greenspace, oh my! It's pretty rare to find such a quaint, artistic park smack dab in the middle of Uptown, but The Green fills that void. As of late, The Green has brought in new art by Niki de Saint Phalle...massive, highly decorated pieces inspired by Mexican mythology. You really can't miss La Cabeza - the giant, colorful skull at the Tryon St. side of The Green. In addition, this space hosts Shakespeare in the park during the summer and an ice skating rink Nov-Dec. Even if you're not taking in the art or brushing up on your Shakespeare, The Green is a great place to relax, grab some lunch and take in Uptown as a whole.
4	Some very interesting artworks and requires a bit of walking to get to.The colors and various shapes really makes this area quite a find.The Head is spectacular and has an area to sit in. Beautiful inside and out.My favorite is the Miles Davis. An assortment of colors with the gold trumpet pointing upwards. Quite a piece of work.A very relaxing place to go to with the shade and water works on the side.
5	Greenspace in the city is always a plus (in my book).  I love what this space has become and they keep adding to it as well.  Went here last night to experience Shakespeare on the Green - which was excellent and a must-do for any hip Charlottean (I guess that is what we call ourselves??).  Technically I am a "Matthew-ite" but live so close to the city that I get the best of both!Anyways, when I used to work downtown, my favorite thing to do was eat my lunch on the green... it's really a nice getaway spot from the hustle and bustle of working and the city.  They've since added some new sculptures... the skull is very cool
4	If I ever have 15-30 minutes that I can take to myself, or need to walk fro Duke Energy Center to the Wachovia buildings, I always hook a right into the Green.  I love the scenery, the people watching, and the sculptures that encompass the area.  The restaurant options are also great - Sandwich Club, Matt's Chicago Dog, Aquavina, some Mexican place, and Fuel pizza.  The police have been great about keeping the vagrants out and ensuring this stays a great place for families and professionals to eat lunch and enjoy the outdoors.  I don't know if I'd walk through here alone at night due to the dark corners and shadowed areas, but during the day its great.  The old church attached also adds a nice calming quality when the bell chimes on the hour.No wonder this place is Roy G. Biv's middle name.
5	Please check out Wagner Murray Architects listed in Yelp business - we designed The Green and are so pleased with the response from everyone.  Thank you.
4	A lovely green space in Uptown with "take-away" restaurants nearby, making it a perfect place to have lunch and enjoy the outside. Fountains, sculptures and a neat spot to get away from the urban crawl, even for a half hour. Lots of benches and places to sit.
4	This uptown park is a cool place to shoot photos, chill and walk around late afternoon and evening. i'll take more photos here at different times of the year, my other photos got credited to the Bechtler Museum across the street because the artist was being featured then, but that art is gone now, still a nice place to visit or wait if you are going to eat or visit many museums in walking distance
5	Very cool place to walk around and absorb the atmosphere.  I like the the little touches of literature and art that help create a pleasant atmosphere.
5	Ahh... an oasis for the worker drone.  Fresh grass, trees, flowers, birds... the whole park experience a short walk from my desk.  It is the most perfect spot to spend a lunch break, just soaking in the sun and enjoying the peacefulness.  Such a simple pleasure!  And if you are feeling really bold, bring a towel and swimsuit and catch some rays.... I dare you.If you get a chance, take a stroll through the prayer garden at the adjacent church, it's shady, peaceful, and packed full of vegetation.  It might even want to make you say a prayer!
4	Such a cool little spot in Uptown.  I was here recently during a revised Shakespeare play and it was just a great locale for such an event.  Of course the weather helped too because it was very nice out that night.They sometimes rotate artwork and sculptures in and out of here so keep an eye out, you never know what you might find.
5	My goodness. How this beautiful little spot in Uptown has escaped a visit from me until a few weeks ago is beyond me. A perfect escape from the hustle and bustle of Uptown or, even if there is no hustle and bustle, to hang out and enjoy the weather. Grabbing a spot on the grass, next to the giant fish fountain, on of the odd chairs with checkers tables or just a quick jaunt through this garden-ish spot is refreshing. I love the thoroughfare from Tryon to College. You wouldn't really know that it is there unless you really came off of each street. It's a great place to have a picnic and watch the other passersby. We saw a wedding party having their photos taken, people taking family photos, walking dogs, throwing frisbee....just a great sight to see in the middle of Uptown! Seek solace in this great space for all of you biz casual goers!
5	Great little spot that has been added to Uptown Charlotte in recent years. Absolutely gorgeous. The one thing that I've always felt was lacking in the Uptown area was a space that was "green". Calling this place "The Green" seems absolutely fitting. Is it Boston Commons huge? Of course not. But it's lovely regardless. If I was working in Uptown, this would be my go-to spot to eat my lunch.
