4	My Mum and I popped in here for lunch the other day and both quite enjoyed it. The website bills it as a New York loft apartment. I'm not really sure where they get this idea from as to me it's just a modern bar but it is quite nice. The menu consisted of three printed pieces of paper. What no money for a proper menu? Maybe that means they change the menu regularly. Anyway, the girl who served it was very friendly and took our order quickly. I ordered a flat bread with chorizo and spicy tomato sauce. It was really tasty, the sauce was the right level of spicy without being too overpowering. My mum had a brie ciabatta which came with a mountain of chips. Neither of us managed to plough through the huge quantity, but it was good. The only downside was I can see this bar getting very noisy and cramped if there is sport on. There was a group of lads who were heading off to the rugby, and while they weren't being too loud the noise they did make filled up the place. Plus they turned off the music and put the Hearts vs. Hibs game on which lowered the tone of the bar. Hudsons should stick to being a little bit classier and serving nice foods instead of being a sports bar.
3	The west end of Edinburgh city centre is a funny little area for bars and pubs. It's hard to pinpoint what exactly makes it different from going out near George Street, or in the old town or whatever, it just has a different vibe to it. Hudsons is a perfectly attractive, stylish establishment for drinking and eating, and is actually more appealing than a lot of similar looking bars in Edinburgh offering the same kind of thing.There's nothing hugely different or unique about Hudsons, but it is a very reliable place to get a decent meal and a drink. I've had some really good lunches there before, plus they do great drinks deals on glasses of wine. Every time I've been in I've noticed a lot of people in suits who look like they're pretty professional, so I guess I would go on to say this is a bar for "young professionals" to go and unwind after work. If that's your thing, and The Hudson is near your office, then it's definitely worth a try.
3	I came here with my mum for a cheeky afternoon glass of wine, when my parents were up visiting me once. It was purely by chance, as it's right across the street from the hotel where they were staying - I'd never gone to it before, and thinking about it now I haven't been back since.Not that it was a particularly bad place as such, it was just a bit bland. Edinburgh city centre has more than it's fair share of upmarket-ish bars where you can get a glass of wine and some nibbles for a not particularly decent price, and so I'm afraid this one just blended in with all the others.If I were in that neck of the woods again and looking for somewhere to go for a drink, I probably would pop in. I just wouldn't make a conscious effort to go out of my way to come here.
4	I often pop in here on a Friday afternoon for my lunch. Hudson's do a very good deal for light lunches for a fiver, so I always eat off this menu. Service is prompt and polite, and the food has always been worth the five pound price tag. The best lunch I've had in here so far was spaghetti with grilled garlicky coley. Spaghetti and fish might sound a bit weird, but it is delicious! I've also had caesar salads, salmon tortillas and a different pasta dish with capers, olives, sundried tomatos, garlic and cheese. All very nice, fresh and not too heavy. Just what you need for a good lunch. The wines are quite extensive, and although not the cheapest are still very nice. I like the atmosphere in here and think it's one of the nicer places to grab some food and drink in around the west end.The decor is a little bit dark which is cosy in winter but not so airy in summer. There sometimes seems to be a draught coming in from the front door but I am hyper sensitive to that kind of thing (I can't stand breezes or draughts when I'm eating! Awful!). Aside from those minor things, I am happy to give Hudson's two big thumbs up.
3	Hudson's Bar is fine.  It's well presented, the bathrooms are clean, and they serve drinks.  Expensive drinks, but drinks nonetheless.I've been here a small handful of times and a) am always surprised at the prices and b) am generally bored.There's something about walking in that place that makes me immediately bored, I really don't know why.  There is just nothing interesting or unusual about Hudsons - it's a bar, in an area that actually has quite a few other (nicer) bars.  Based on its location I'm left a little unsure as to why people (myself included) come here, but really it's fine.  It's just... fine.
