3	Nice inviting atmosphere for a casual restaurant and bar.  Walk into the relatively large bar with mucho TV's.  A small dining area in front and a large dining area behind the bar.  About a dozen drafts on tap and more wines by the glass.  This is part of the Walnut Grove group.  The menu is similar (I think), but have not been to any of the others. The menu for lunch had many choices and it looks like you can create your own salad but my server was new, was not sure and did go and check on that.   Many different topping and dressings are available for you salad.Ordered the WG"s Crab Cake which seemed to need a little seasoning.   The crab cake was a good size with plenty of crab meat.  My associate had the Roasted Beet Salad.   Was able to get a bite because it was huge.  Tasty roasted beets with caramelized walnuts, gorgonzola with a herb balsamic vinaigrette,  The beets were good with the gorgonzola, but the caramelized walnuts  were a little to sweet and stuck to my teeth.
5	I'm not always a chain person, but I love me some Walnut Grill! I used to go to the one in Shadyside, but now that i'm closer to Mt Lebanon I thought I'd check this out.  Say it with me Happy. Hour. Everyday.  YES. $5 small plates and $3 adult bevies win me over.Service is always fast and friendly.  I've tried many different things on the menu and have never been disappointed.  My personal favorite is the BBQ Pork Sliders. Delicious.  I love Walnut Grill and can't say enough good things. It's a definitely a happy hour staple for me!
4	A solid 4 stars for Mt. Lebanon's WG location.  Highlights were the Strawberry Balsamico Salad and the Caramelized Walnut Ball for dessert.  The decor is comfortable.  The atmosphere is casual.  The service was good.  I will definitely return.
4	Food and ambiance were great. Menu is full of light, fresh items that are reasonably priced for a slightly more upscale joint. I'm trying hard to not let my experience with a 20 minute wait at lunch time for our check from our often AWOL server to effect my review. I would try again. If I had another disappearing server, I'd be done. 3.5 stars.
2	Let me just start by saying the our waitress was wonderful. She was attentive and personable and kind.However, the food was not good at all. I ordered my filet mignon rare to medium rare and it was overcooked. Not pink/red in the center but mostly brown with a little pink. One of my companions ordered the sea bass and from bite #1, she was picking bones out of her mouth. She tried to eat it in a few different places and every area was filled with bones. She sent it back, the waitress apologized profusely and the chef came out to tell her he was making her another piece, this time from the tail. Apparently that's the area of the fish with no bones. However, this is also the flat, unappealing area of the fish. The new piece came out about 4 inches thinner than the original piece and was tasteless. We both chose sides that we didn't like either. The vegetable medley was cold and the mashed potatoes were bland. Her spinach was so garlicky, there was no spinach taste to be found.Our other companion ordered the fish tacos and lobster mac & cheese and both of those dishes was delicious, though!
2	I heard great reviews about the Walnut Grill and was excited to try the new restaurant in Mt. Lebanon. I have been to the one in Shadyside a few times and always had a pleasant experience.  Today was not a pleasurable experience. Although the staff was friendly, the food was quite disappointing.  The decor was clean, bright and joyous, with a great flow between different dining sections.  Loved the look of the bar. It was trendy and a central point of the room, but did not overwhelm the space.The blonde hostess working the lunch shift made my experience.  She was nice, professional, and extremely service oriented. Our server was knowledgeable and accommodating throughout lunch service, but left us waiting for the check, nowhere to be found for a good 10 or so minutes.  The ahi tuna appetizer was a great light appetizer.  Although it didn't taste like fresh ahi (definitely frozen), it was seared nicely.  The bed of slaw could be a smaller portion.  It was unevenly mixed, meaning large full pepper slices among, small bite-size slivers of cabbage and carrots.  The Spinach and Artichoke dip was oily. I mean a pool of oil in it.  It definitely tasted like they microwaved an old batch.  Although I love large artichoke pieces in my dip, the chips were smaller than more of the pieces. Maybe pita bread would be better suited for this dish. There were too many tortilla chips and crackers for the portion of dip you received.  The tortilla chips were also stale.  The side of sweet potato fries were undercooked and unflavored.  My mother said they usually have a bit of sugar on them, but unfortunately not today.The 2 women next to us were both upset about their meals. One sent her sandwich back because it was burnt and the other's crab cake was overcooked.Maybe they have a new daytime chef? Maybe just a bad day? Either way, not for me.
4	This place has consistently good food and good service. I have been here multiple times with a variety of people and everyone has always left happy. They have a room in the front for large groups. My husband always orders the salmon and says it's very good. I jump around a bit with my menu selections, burger, sandwiches, salad, all yummy. A highlight for me was the brownie sundae dessert. Very good. Also has good options on the children's menu. We will be back.
2	while it takes a scant amount of quality service to impress me, it takes a mega butt ton of hard work, determination, zeal, and carelessness to significantly underwhelm me as did this place on new years eve at approximately 930pm-11pm.friends and i went here for a pre-partying meal.  i went very low maintenance and ordered the Reuben.  one friend ordered steak, medium, and the other ordered something else that escapes me but there was no issue with it and was quite good from what was reported.  as an appetizer we also ordered fried pickles and lobster cheesecake.  wait, i know what you're thinking, lobster cheesecake?  it actually tastes worse that it sounds.  very, very bland.  incredibly airy and light.  probably because it was void of all taste.  the pickles were a mess.  no other way to describe it.the main food took forever.  too long for a semi empty dining room.  we were the only table in the back section.  we found ourselves asking each other several times where the server was with our food and drink refills (liquor, not soda).my friends steak came well done.  no pink.  again, she ordered it medium.  it was sent back and she requested no replacement as she didn't want to wait again.  my Reuben came with a fair amount of meat, always a good sign, but apparently this was the great thousand island dressing shortage of 2012.  both pieces of sauerkraut would agree with me.  so i got a toasted sandwich with some reuben on it. for $10.75 for a sandwich, i expect a masterpiece.drinks and refills took the better part of the meal but that's alright because the server boasted about it when she described her bathroom break while i was trying to eat.  yep.  truth bruv.  but at least the other server who dropped by that was describing his acting (extra work) experience and unimpressively name dropping famous people he didn't meet did not leave me asking the age old question, "oh, you're an actor?  which restaurant?"i've been to the walnut grill in wexford, and while i'm not a fan of the white trash, discount, dollar store mecca that is the north hills, it's been a good experience every time.  can't imagine what happened with this place.  one star because i can't go any lower.  one more for a decent amount of meat on the sandwich.
2	I recently went here for a family dinner and was very excited to finally try this place after hearing good things about it. It's...ok. On a good day.The highlights of the Walnut Grill are the fantastic drink menu and interesting menu items - seriously, the ingredients used in some of these dishes showcase that the menu creators were very creative people. At the same time, for me, the drawbacks include those interesting menu items and ingredient choices; this is another place I've been to recently that for whatever reason decided to dedicate itself to a few items and feature a short, two-sided menu, which is chock full with some...well, interesting food item choices.And sure, this is also a good thing, especially for the adventurous eater; the problem with this is that with a two-sided menu that features non-standard menu items - as opposed to simple, classic menu items - you better be in the mood to spend money, eat a lot, and try something new if you're going here. This wasn't a major problem for me while I was there, as I happened to be in the right mood for a non-standard dinner item; I also happened to eat here while one of their featured items was crab-stuffed salmon, which I'm partial too. But even this item was just ok; I've had a much tastier version of this same item at another restaurant nearby. Here, I got a lot more salmon than I did crab in my dinner, and the seasoning used was so bland it may as well have not been used. So basically, I paid a lot of money for a fancy dish that didn't even taste like one of its ingredients was really there. My family had no problems with their dinner items, for what it's worth.I'm sure I will return for a happy hour, as the drink menu really did look enticing, and I do love a good happy hour (who doesn't?). But still: this is also a restaurant, and I don't think it's too much to ask for a chain restaurant to have a menu that's longer than two pages (not to mention making the food taste good enough to be worth the money) - and I truly believe every restaurant should be required to have at least one simple, classic comfort food; sometimes, that's all a person wants.
3	I recently visited the Warrendale (Cranberry, Wexford?) Walnut Grill by literally driving up 19 until I found a restaurant I wanted to eat at.   If I needed a quick blurb to describe the Walnut Grill it would be solid but not spectacular.  If I were to take my parents, who are not adventurous when it comes to food, the Walnut Grill would be a place I would take them. Everything I had was good and I had no complaints.  I had the Corn Chowder followed by the a marinated Sirloin, then the Funnel Cake a la mode.  All were nice, but that's about what one should expect.  The menu is not really inventive, and nothing really jumps out as 'must try'. I will say that our service wasn't horrible, but a little sub par.  I would've liked our waitress to stop by a couple more times as there were pretty big gaps in her visits, the restaurant was not busy enough to justify the frequencyIn summary, if you want safe and solid, the Walnut Grill isn't a bad choice at all.
5	We brought some visiting friends here recently, and they were as impressed as I was.  My friend's hubby's Reuben was ruby read in terms of the corned beef, and I'm glad he cut me a piece because it was delish. Our app was the fried pickles and they were huge and excellent. We almost couldn't finish them. They came with ranch and marnina.My entree was the Greek Pasta that had a beautifully green rigatoni (spinach was what made it green) stuffed with feta and dressed with tomato, garlic, olive oil, and baby spinach. Excelente! Dessert was the Brownie Works, which is a typical hot fudge brownie sundae, but it was monstrous and it took all four of us to finish! Great service too! Cool interior design as well, very modern.
4	Some of my favorite fish. Thursday is half off martinis.  Service can be a  little sluggish, tho they do have some really good servers.
4	This is a lunch time favorite for me and my friends.  I love the salads and the service is always friendly.  I have only been to dinner there once and it was very loud and the service was slower than at lunch.  Overall a place worth trying in Mt. Lebanon.
1	The worst!  Weird decor and atmosphere. Food, blech!
3	I really like the atmophere- they did a great job remodeling! The appetizers were really good, but the rice in my main dish was so uncooked that it was crunchy. The waiter was super nice and I'm going to give this place another try, but the uncooked rice is a rookie mistake and completely ruined my chicken dish. They have happy hour here with 1/2 priced martinis and some other specials.
2	Service was spotty.  My soup came at the same time as my entree.  My fish, the halibut, was undercooked and flavorless.  Would not recommend to anyone.
1	Bartender was extremely rude, slamming our silverware down on the table when we asked for some. Our table didn't have any place settings. The brunch buffet was empty. Don't waste your money.
5	Had brunch there yesterday. It was great & reasonably priced. I was worried at first that the food was looking a little dried out, but I mentioned it to the waiter and the manager came out and had it replaced. Very friendly, helpful staff & manager.  Fantastic. Prime rib & ravioli & made to order omelets. Yum!
3	It is an alright grill but it is to fancy to be a grill and the pizza is way to greasy on the bottom and I hate all the seafood there
4	Modern and upscale decor. The service at the bar was super friendly and excellent.  The fried pickles were good. The drinks, fast, tasty, reasonably priced.We only spent about 45 minutes there, but I wouldn't hesitate for a second to go back.
3	The Mt. Lebo Walnut Grill makes me miss the Shadyside version. The shadyside WG was sophisticated and inviting. I was always impressed with the menu and wine selections. I was expecting the same when I walked into the Mt. Lebo WG for the first time. It seems the owners have decided to make WG more appealing to the masses thus loosing it's charm. The bar area was very large and noisy. The restaurant section was much more mellow. For a Friday night, I was expecting it to be busier. only about half the restaurant was full. I decided on a glass of wine from the wine list (averaged 7-12 dollars a glass). After receiving our wine, I ordered the chicken dish with balsamic, tomatoes and fresh mozzarella with my two side choices being the rice and veggie of the day (a broc, caul, bean mix). Our server brought us out a bread basket with a sweet butter with what I believe were cherries in it and a jalapeno hummus. The cherry butter was very tasty. Our meals arrived shorty and I dug in. The chicken breasts were tender and juicy. The sides were flavorful as well. My only criticism of the dish was that the fresh mozzarella was a little difficult to find hidden under the plethora of tomatoes. Service was good. Prices were reasonable. For me, WG's major downfall is the atmosphere. The staff seems to give off a classy and slightly pompous attitude. The menu and decor attempts to appeal to everyone with bar type food as well as more select entrees. It's seems like WG can't make up it's mind. What are you Mt. Lebo WG? A casual, family restaurant or a sophisticated, upscale establishment?
2	Very meh overall for this chain type restaurant. Nothing stands out with entrees, cocktails, or atmosphere. Over priced and forgettable. Easy to do better in the area.
2	"Meh. I've experienced better." The yelp caption already said it all. It looks upscale and nice from the outside but inside, it is just another typical bar with too many empty tables and slow service.
3	Wasn't a huge fan of the Duck Tacos but the service was good and the Lobster Mac was VERY good. Add to that a nice Bloody Mary and the coupons they mailed out...we'll definitely be back
1	The food was really awful.  Best part was the drink I had.  Service, bad.  Location great so no excuse!
2	I really want to like this place but it was just as disappointing our second time around.  Service was very slow especially when we were only one of four tables.  The food is still bland and overcooked.  The oyster appetizer was gross.
3	We started out with pork nachos for an appetizer, and those were fantastic!  Unfortunately, our meals were disappointing.  I got the fish tacos, which were ok but nothing special.  My boyfriend got the prime rib sandwich, which was overcooked and dry.  It could have used some au jus to help give it some more flavor and re-hydrate the meat.  Their fries are awesome though!  Overall, I'd say my experience there was average and forgettable.
2	I came here for happy hour, but the vibe was actually pretty somber. The bartender was forgetful and seemed like she could care less about serving drinks. The first wine I ordered on the menu wasn't even in stock. It was an odd experience all around.The one redeeming quality was the food - we had a hummus and veggie plate that was actually pretty good. Perhaps someone in the kitchen still has a clue? The rest of the evening we basically just drank our wine and tried to limit our interaction with the staff.Dear Walnut - I used to love the Shadyside location, so please try to shoot for that level of quality when selecting your bartenders and building your menu.
5	Came here to celebrate our son's college graduation. From start to finish our experience was great. We all ordered diff dishes and everything was amazing. I had heard good things about the restaurant and our experience lived up to that.  It's a great place for a casual lunch or a celebration.
1	Horrible Service! We tried tonight to use a coupon we received in the mail, but after we were seated in the dining room,  no one ever showed up to offer beverages or acknowledge our presence in anyway.  Waiters would repeatedly walk right by our booth without even looking at us, let alone stopping (they were not busy and there were quite a few empty tables). Finally after 15 minutes of being totally ignored we gave up and walked out. I wish I could give negative stars, this place is really abysmal. I will never return and have tossed the coupons in the trash.
3	My mom took me here for lunch one day after she had a great experience there with her sister and mother for some occasion or other. I feel kind of bad because my experience here was very nice, except.. it was the first time in my life I've ever sent food back because I couldn't eat it. Service was quick and efficient and we were seated right away. My mom ordered the crab cakes (which I almost ordered, and bet that if I had, this review would be 4 or 5 stars) and a side of fries. I got the fish tacos with a side of fries. Food came out pretty quickly, and my mom and I were both completely in love with our fries -- they had this almost crumbly, crisp coating on them that just made them heavenly, and the right amount of seasoning. My mom raved about her crab cake, but my fish tacos were inedible. :( I discovered fish tacos last year when we visited The Goat in Put-in-Bay and have been getting them every time I see them on the menu someplace ever since. I've loved them every time, but this time I got a mouthful of dried cabbage and nothing else for my first bite, and my second bite was filled with VERY fishy, off-tasting fish. I'm known to be kind of picky, so I thought it was just me and tried another bite. Still off. I had my mom taste it, and she was kind of appalled -- so that's when I knew it wasn't just me. I explained this to the waitress, and she said she'd talk to the kitchen. When she came back, she said she had taken the fish tacos off the bill and that the kitchen would be happy to make me something quick. Honestly, I was full on those fries, so I said no -- but she must have apologized a hundred times, and was very sweet about the whole thing. So.. being my first experience sending something back, I was nervous, and it couldn't have turned out better. I honestly think that I just got a mistake. And it happens. I don't live in Pittsburgh, so I don't know if I'll ever get the chance to go back and give them a second chance. Given the rest of my experience, though, I definitely would if the opportunity arose.
3	We went here for brunch. Their selections were decent but there weren't as many options as other places in the area. For the price though, it was well worth it. Prime rib was great; they actually had medium rare. Omlet bar hit the spot as well. Service was good.
1	I've been a solid customer for many years but since a bartender doesn't know know how to handle a busy crowd after a street party on a Saturday night, I will never go there again. She needs to learn how to respect her customers. Busy or not, DO NOT talk to me or treat me like trash. If you can't handle a busy night, find a new profession.
2	Came in on a quiet Sunday night for my first time with some family.  Here's how the meals went...2 pasta dishes, both room temperature, 1 pear salad in which they forgot the pears, one fish and chips which was ok, and the best of all...a children's corn dog served STILL FROZEN!!!  Yep, the corn dog was still ice cold and frozen!  The server said something about problems in the kitchen (really?), but that doesn't help me.We sent EVERYTHING back.  Second time around everything was better, but by then...The server was good, and the manager gave us desserts for our aggravation, but I still don't think I'll be going back any time soon. It was a $90.00 meal that was not worth it all.  Rather than giving us desserts, the meals should have been comped, in hopes we would try again.  But I won't.
4	Went for lunch and ended up with an awesome Martini special. Surprise! We all ordered salads. All were fresh and dressed properly. Not too much dressing. Our service was awesome! I love when a restaurant trains well and hires great staff. It definitely makes the experience worth it.
2	First off, the staff was very pleasant. The staff gets five stars. We got the sangria and buffet for Sunday brunch. Our sangria came with a fly, which the waitress immediately and apologetically took care of. However, I'm still unsure since the fly was originally in the pitcher, why the whole pitcher wasn't replaced, just the glass that the fly was poured into was. We were comp'ed another pitcher. Didn't actually taste like there was wine in it. Every single plate on the buffet table was dirty. We looked through the stack of about 30 plates and while the tops were clean, it looked like no one had even bothered to wipe off the backs. We noticed that the smaller plates on the fruit buffet were clean so used those instead. We got there right at 10, so the buffet food wasn't even all out when we arrived, yet when the sausage was brought out it was difficult to impale it with a fork. The hash browns were underdone. I guess we figured out why the place was so empty...
4	In a typical week, we are usually here at least one time.  I am not sure why it's taken me this long to write a review!  They have great specials and their happy hour app prices are fantastic.    We typically eat the same things because they are our favorites.  I highly recommend their crab cake, pulled pork nachos and fruit and cheese plate.  My husband just discovered their wings and reports that they are great.  He is also partial to their cobb salad and fish sandwich.  They have a nice selection of spirits behind the bar and you can't beat martini night--great prices for excellent drinks!  But, mainly, we go there because we feel extremely comfortable there and it's very convenient to our home.  And, most importantly--we have never had a server who wasn't extremely pleasant and personable.  Jordan (server/now bartender) is really a great guy---he makes the experience even better.  All of these things combined bring us back time and time again.
5	I had amazing service from our very attentive server, trevor. My drink was delicious and my food was hot. It came out quickly, and he was so polite and friendly that I will definitely return and request him! Very handsome too, if I might add. Last time I came in my server was a small blonde girl with glasses who seemed to be upset I came in, and the service could not have been better this time around!
3	The walnut Grille definitely has a nice atmosphere and ambiance about it. I do think it's a little pricey for what the food is composed of. I got a watermelon feta salad ($7 lighter portion). It was good but it was lettuce with a couple chucks of watermelon and feta. Next time, I would not get a small salad for $7, I'd spend a couple dollars more and buy a sandwich with fries. I also ordered the hibiscus martini ($11). It wasn't very good tasting and it was strong, so it probably would be good for people who like a stronger exotic drink! We waited a really long time for our food, about 30 minutes, which was frustrating because we had another event to go to afterwards. I was also given the walnut salad instead of the watermelon feta that I ordered, in which I had to wait another 5-7 minutes to get. I did like that there were wine bottles filled with water at our table, so I never had to ask for a refill. Also, I talked to the server and manager about my 15% off discount through yelp if I check in and they not only never saw it, but said that I should show them it when I get my bill and they will try and figure it out. It always bothers me when companies aren't aware of current promotions and deals going on within their business. They did honor the coupon when I got my receipt. I would try this place again for lunch but over all wasnt impressed with my first visit.
1	They accidentally over charged us and Refused to give us our over charged money back.  They sent us a gift card one month later. I will NEVER go back.
5	We went here for Xmas Eve dinner. We faced something of a challenge because our family consists of 5 adults & 3 children (a 2-year-old & twin 7 1/2-month-olds) & we only had an hour & a half to squeeze in dinner between church & feeding time for the babies. The folks at Walnut Grill couldn't have been more accommodating--high chairs & car seat racks for the babies + candy canes for the toddler. We made it through dinner on time & had a lovely dining experience. My filet mignon was excellent, as was my husband's ravioli. I heard good reports from the other family members on the stuffed flounder, flatbread & gyro. The 2-year-old enjoyed his buttered noodles, too!
