2	Initially slow service was far outweighed by the excellent food in large quantities at very reasonable prices. For a Saturday night the place was, given the level of quality, surprisingly empty. In recent years, since I started going for side-orders rather than making a pig of myself with starters, I can't recall eating so much in an Indian restaurant. Definitely one to go back to but they need to work on that initial 5 to 10 minute period when you first arrive. Knocking off two stars following my visit here with work a couple of Tuesdays ago. We were a party of 13 and there was another large table set out when we arrived plus a smattering of duos/couples yet there were only 2 waiting staff on. The quality of the food was undiminished yet that in no way makes up for it taking nearly 3 hours in all for us to be fully served. Add to that the fact they were lucky to get the booking at all seeing as they failed to respond to my initial email request for a table and I had to resort to phoning them up & the result is I won't be back until I see some improvement noted on this site. Such a shame considering how it was a couple of years ago.
3	Everyone I know raves about this place, so I didn't mind at all when I heard we were heading there for a meal before a recent night out.When we got there though, the place was full of Uni sports teams filling themselves up on as much curry and beer as was humanly possibly, and they were making sure that the whole restaurant knew it!The food wasn't bad, although with it being a Saturday night they were quite busy, and so service wasn't the best or the fastest. When the food came, it had obviously been waiting under a heat lamp because my curry had formed a skin on the top of it. That said, I've done my fair share of part-time waitressing jobs so I know how horrible it can be when you have so many big groups in, and when i'd scraped that off the underneath part was gorgeous. The spice level was just right, and unlike lamb dishes in a lot of cheaper curry places the meat wasn't at all chewy or fatty.Everyone tells me I just had a rare one-off bad experience. I'm going to go back and try their lunch buffet and see if that's true. Watch this space...
4	This place used to be called the Indian Place. It's cheaper than Khushi's and is the place for students to go stuff themselves, apart from Jimmy Chung's. It's really well located, right next to Black Medicine, B'est, Brass Monkey and the Roxy Art House. I used to get so many take aways there in first year that they gave me a free Tiger (beer) glass.At lunchtime there's an all you can eat buffet for 6 quid (up from a former 5). It caters for huge parties at short notice. Which can end badly, with people eating far too much and drinking far too much and making themselves feel far too ill. The lunch buffet includes a drink, coffee and an ice cream I recommend steering clear ofNot only is it cheap, but it's also pretty tasty. Their vegetarian options are delicious, especially the pakoras. One of the cheapest places I've ever managed to eat so much in.
5	The best curry house in Edinburgh. Bar none
4	Why can't Indian food in the States be as tasty as what is served in the UK? It's not fair that we have to travel thousands of miles to enjoy fantastic dishes, each flavored distinctly yet complimentary, that also won't hurt your wallet (or pocketbook).
1	The food here is absolutely horrible. I can't seem to understand why people love this place so much. The curries taste exactly like the tesco ready to eat meals. I would recommend future visitors to eat tesco curry as it is cheaper. The rice they serve is easy cook rice, there was absolutely no sign of Basmati aroma or herbs that are added. The Korma they serve here is sweet which is a Nightmare. Korma is a spicy dish which does not contain any nuts and that ridiculous creamy paste. The service is really fast as I would expect, I don't even think they have a kitchen. Its all microwave food. The only thing I really liked was the Pakoras which tasted authentic and it is usually available in convenient stores. I have visited this place several times due to courtesy of my gatherings. The food is cheap and crap. I can't even say cheap because you are actually paying to buy crap. This makes it expensive crap.If you are going to make a choice believe there are much better places apart from it in edinburgh. All seem to taste relatively better. Khushi's is an option but food there is overpriced. Other Take-aways on Nicholsan street and Clerk street do a pretty good job. I can't seem to find more words to describe the disaster.
3	What do you do when you have being sightseeing the whole day and missed lunch, look for a buffet for dinner right?  It was down to two places and this place actually had Indian people eating the time that we walked by so the dinner buffet it is.  The food was laid out already so you don't have to wait, the naan came out soon so they made it to order.  The drink that came along with the meal helps the budget as well.The variety of food is to be expected for the price you are paying for a buffet, the quality of food was decent and they kept the naan coming out.  There is a uni price and an adult price, I don't look like I am still in uni anymore?
5	Been here a few times and never left less than bursting! There's a good choice of vegetarian and proper food, with both regularly refreshed. Its reasonably priced and will keep you going well into the night, the only concern would be the curry after burners, but that can't be helped, especially after a few ales.The restaurant is a little off the beaten track but is easy to find - a couple of doors away from the brass monkey and black medicine cafe, 2 fine establishments, and a handy pit stop if you've been energetic enough for a morning stroll up Arthurs Seat.While most people who pretend they're local after spending a couple of weeks in Edinburgh, very few manage to discover this place so make an effort and you'll be glad you did!
5	This is one of the best indian restraints in the city, the food is full of fresh ingredients I've  been using it for five years +
