4	If you want a fun, relaxing evening with a few different things to do, the Roadrunner on Eastern and Pebble holds a lot more than it looks like.  First of all, for a bar and grill type atmosphere, their food ain't too bad.  I could seriously eat breakfast there every day.  You know, if I wanted to get ginormously humongo. The bar area can get crowded with people lounging in the comfortable seats watching whatever game "The Game" happens to be that night.  That's OK, because that leaves the pool tables open.  And if they're occupied?  There's mini bowling.  Yes.Mini-bowling.I'd never seen such a thing, but for something like $2 per person per game, you get to launch mini bowling balls down a mini alley into a bunch of mini pins on strings.  I love - LOVE - mini anything:  travel size toiletries, baby corn, Mini Kiss.  This tiny bowling about put me on adorable adoration overload, but not before I'd had a few cocktails and played a few frames.If they would serve me breakfast while I sat on the lane, I would probably just expire from glee.
4	The best thing about this bar and restaurant is the location. Anyone that lives on the east side can meet here, its right off the freeway and easy to get to. i will admit, the friday night bar scene is not what I'm reviewing here, its the five am breakfast where nobody is in there!!! I love it that you can get nacho's or eggs all night long. The bartenders are nice and with there being so many gaming bars around, this one has stood the test of time. I wouldn't go durring a sporting event due to the space issue, but great for a junk food dinner or early breakfast.
1	The food has always been better than average.  The drinks cold.The service attentive.Great place to have a drink & sit out on their patio.Update:  The past 2 visits I have left less than impressed...What happened?  It got worse.  We were completely ignored after moving from the bar to the lounge area for a good half an hour.  Then I went to go back another night & the waitress was a complete Bi*^h.  Once I flagged her down as she looked at me & kept walking.  I asked if they were still serving outside & she said at the bar they are.  Even though there were people with food menus right when we walked in on the patio.  It wasn't so much what she said, but how she said it.  I gave her a nasty oh no you didn't look, used the commode & then left.
4	I must confess that my visit to Roadrunner is a bit of a blur.  I had been out all night with friends and lost my voice and went to Roadrunner with my brother to escape the strip and watch some football.  It was a quality bonding experience.  I remember the salads being good.  I remember that the Cal game wasn't on and I was basically told that it would not be put on for me because no one cared about that game.  Probably true.  I remember that I drank a beer in the hopes of curing my hangover.  I remember that didn't work.11/05/07 Update:Breakfast is good enough, but not fantastic.  Interesting menu with biscuit and gravy type things, but the biscuits are marginal, I warned you.
4	This place is a pretty comfortable place.  It's a bit hard to get seating in some areas since it's usually packed, but you can usually find seats though.  It has a bit of a nice outside area with the firepit.  It has that mini-bowling also.  The food's not bad.  Service is adequate.  There's usually a lot of people when I go, so I understand if there's a bit of a wait.  It's an ok place to chill and eat.  The crowd's young so I enjoy it.
4	Nice place to go out for a relaxed night with friends...you know, when you don't want to get all glitzed up or have to deal with strip crowds.  Nothing fancy, but good drinks and decent food.  And mini-bowling of course.  That mini-bowling got Roadrunner two stars off the bat.
3	I wish I knew it was a Denver Broncos bar before we walked in... we were betting on the Dolphins this week (and they won!), but it made the game kind of annoying to listen to the Broncos peeps cheering the whole time..That being said, service was just eh, and I found the atmosphere pretty cheesy. The mini bowling looked pretty fun. The best part about this place? The sirloin sandwich.. WOW. Best rendition of a "french dip"/"steak sandwich" EVER. Yummy bread, yummy meat (not chewy like most are) and awesome cheese-meat ratio... I will go back just for that sandwich.. just not on a sunday when I'm betting against Denver !
4	I wondered in to check this place out, but its outside appearance made me curious as to what was inside.  Inside is kind of an over the top country/cowboy theme.    In my opinion, more space could be devoted to restaurant seating and less to bar seat, but again just my opinion.  Far more important, the food is fabulous.  The Vaquero salad, may be the best salad I've every had.  Great combination of salad and steak.  The Dr. Pepper marinated steak tacos, didn't work out so well, but don't let that stop you from enjoying the rest of the menu.  Good drinks too.
4	went there afterhours after dinner and decided to seat outside by the fireplace for wine and appetizer. It was really cold but the fireplace seemed cozy, and made it all worthwhile. The freezing waitress was friendly and nice enough to check upon us once in awhile in her tanktop, and the wine was decent, with decent appetizer. It was fun and probably will go back again in future with some friends for appetizers and more wine! :)
2	Roadrunner is usually a cool place. Last time I was there the bartender was too busy talking to his buddies to check on us. To top it off a Blue Moon is $6.75. Now I am not a cheap person but when a drink is just about more if not more money than an appetizer then there is a problem. I know it's not a domestic beer but seriously? An off the strip local bar charging $6.75 for a pint of beer is insane. To top it off I asked the bartender if they had any late night (midnight) drink specials and he said they have a Coors Light special, pints are $3.00, however they are out of Coors Light. You'd think he would have been able to substitute or something. I'm just saying, it's a crap economy and they aren't doing shit. Come on! Help a brotha out! Unemployed poor people want to drink too!!
4	Been coming to this Roadrunner for year now; located inside the colonnade movie shopping center the Roadrunner delivers a nice slice of adult fun.  Pool tables and a full bar with plenty of seating area both inside and outside.Outside the have a private bar for banquet events and fire pit for night time fun.  Have scheduled a few events during the summer and they are fantastic when it comes to meeting the needs of any party.  One point to touch on is the exceptional grill they have.  Classic tri-tip and steak dishes like the Dr. Pepper marinated steak tacos add a nice flare to this country/urban grill/bar.
3	I have eaten here several times and found both the food and service to be inconsistent.  Sometimes the food is very good (southwest style turkey sandwich, tortilla soup, mac and cheese, salads, etc...) and sometimes lacking in quality of incredients, preparation, etc...Service is also been inconsistent from the hostess stand to the servers.  Sometimes friendly and attentive, sometimes aloof and detached.Good bar selection, particularly beer (although my last time in they had reduced on-tap options.)Good seating options as well - nice bar area, nice dining area, good outdoor dining with fire pit, and a private room area.  Did have a bad instance here, though, where child needed a high chair and none were offered - was not happy about this from a family restaurant.I believe the inconsistency here warrants closer to a 2.5/5 rating, but will give the benefit of the doubt with a 3/5 overall rating.
4	Three words.  Macaroni and cheese.Gooey, cheesy deliciousness. Yeah, the bar area is nice and colorful.  Big screens everywhere and  nice booth seating.   Waitstaff was quick, friendly..and accurate.  Price was nice.  yeah, yeah.Their Macaroni and cheese is a penne pasta with diabetes-causing cheese glue sauce.  golden brown crispy crumbly goodness sprinkled on top.Enjoy.
2	So/soWent out to Roadrunner Saloon.Here's the skinny:Food was okService was goodTime to wait for food...FAIL!I ordered the steak salad - medium rare - and hubby ordered the french dip. Both take less then 5 minutes to make. We did this because we were planing on going to the movies. We had 1 hour to make our movie...lets just say it took longer then 35 min for the kitchen to make my salad and throw together my hubby's sandwich! The worst part was, they were not even to half capacity.Our waiter was very kind and kept checking for us. He ended up confiding in us that the kitchen staff had started a mutant against the servers and were slowing everything down on purpose. We tried to tell the manager but it was like talking to a wall.Overall, the food was fresh, tasty and well seasoned. My only complaint would be that we were 20 minutes late to our movie as a result, which sucked.So, if you don't care about waiting 40 minutes for your food to arrive I would recommend this place.
4	This is a great spot! Bar is fun (wish it was more of a scene but maybe I just don't now the fun nights), food is good - bar food done right!  My fries were cold and under cooked - don't mess with a girls' french fries but burger was awesome (medium rare - yum!). Entrainment, karaoke and games - all fun! Servers were nice and efficent too.It was an awkward night when my bf and I walked in and out of three different places in the area before finally settling into the comfy, overstuffed, pleather chairs in the bar area at Roadrunner.  We wanted: a few (4 each) wheat beers, to watch some game on TV and to eat something delicious for $50. We were two little pigs and this was the just right spot.  I have an aversion to chains, usually, but I was starting to get why we have them - the local spots could not deliver.    I had been before just to drink but never had the food - glad we decided to try.  They consider themselves bbq but I wouldn't suggest if you take bbq too seriously - we don't. Large tvs over the bar but more atmosphere then the typical sports bar. Dim, loud (pop that night), and chill without being cheap - no peanuts on the floor, decor is fun, and someone cleans the bathrooms!! I saw 3 teenage girls waiting around when we walked in and was sure I was gonna end up having to be a bitch screaming across the place to ask for water for the 20th time (Im sure you know the feeling).  Fortunately, it was not a problem, they were attentive but didn't hoover.  Boyfriend had a brisket and chicken combo. We were famished from are wanderings but I am pretty sure he would have enjoyed it no matter the mashed potatoes especially. Someone in the kitchen makes them from scratch and I appreciate them! I love dressing on everything and there ranch, honey mustard, and vinaigrette were all good.  Enjoy
3	I've been a fan of Roadrunner since it opened. It used to be the hottest place in the Henderson area. Now it's still a nice place and offers good food but the service and quality level has slid down the scale  A LOT. I'm disappointed to say the least. We went for dinner / drinks the other night and had a cockroach run across my friend's foot. They didn't offer up a credit or even an apology from the manager, until we said something. Some of the bar stools are being held together with duct tape, the female bartender was good but the male bartender was mediocre to bad (had to get his attention several times). Just sad to see it in the spot it's at now.
3	Friday night that had live latin music and it was awesome but they always switch up the live music and weekly events so not sure if they have it Fridays anymore.  Love to go here after work when I'm in the mood for the bar scene and they have pool tables, bowling and lots of sports on TV so there's always something going on.  Crowd is friendly, bartenders are nice.  Atmosphere is good for a neighborhood bar.
3	Limited menu and very poor service in the restaurant area. More atmosphere than anything else. The outdoor patio looks great for hanging in the cool months.
5	If your reading this right now, you should be on your way to roadrunner, go see Tracy during the weekdays for lunch, she is the most amazing bartender of all time! You should tip her a ridiculous amount!  Try the turkey wrap, and the Dr. Pepper tacos. Trust a fat kid on this one!
4	One of my "go-to" places, especially late night!  The mac and cheese is the best and I also really like the chicken quesadilla-it has corn kernals and beans in it too.  The graveyard bartenders(Mike and Alex) rock my socks off!  There's karaoke on Thursday nights.  In fact, it's Thursday!  Better get over there...haha
2	I've been coming to Roadrunner for a few years now.   I've come to expect good food, big portions and decent service.  This was one of the best places in town for a good pulled pork sandwich. Sadly, this is changing for the worse...  The experience started out awkward...when we walked in on a Saturday afternoon, there was a big sign in front that advertised half price apps.  The manager who seated us affirmed this special was going on at the moment.  We made our food decisions based on the specials and started to place our order with the waitress.  I told my girlfriend to go ahead and order the nachos since they were half price.  The waitress quickly interjected by telling us only a few of the apps were half price.  The sign in front did not mention that  it only applied to selected items in the appetizers section...this was deceiving.  I told our server to just forget the nachos and just stick to the main courses and she obliged in a less then friendly manor.  My girl ordered the sliders, which were half price and I ordered the pulled pork sandwich. When the dishes were were served, I thought someone was playing a practical joke on me.  My $9.00 pulled pork sandwich was almost the same size as one of the 3 sliders!!  Even the portion of fries were skimpy.  I'd estimate the size of the sandwich at about half of what it use to be.  We weren't asked how the food was until long after I had finished the whole dish (didn't take long considering it was only about 4-5 bite sizes!!).  I told her I was surprised and disappointed about the portion size and she offered to get a manager...I took her up on it and within 5 min the manager came to our table.  I told him about the portion issue and he actually agreed that the portion was recently reduced, but found it hard to believe it was half the size.  He was polite and did offer us more food on the house.  I got another side order of fries and waited for the bill.  At this point our server became downright cold and it was obvious she just wanted us out.  She even became irritated I wanted change.  I quickly settled up and left ASAP.  I doubt I'll ever come back  and by the looks of some of the other recent reviews, it appears we're not the only ones who won't be back.
1	We have always been fans of Roadrunner. It was our go-to place for food and drinks. We took out of towners here and sent many friends here. Within the past few months we noticed that the service was getting a little slower, and the staff not as friendly. But, the food was good, so we over looked it. That being said, we went today with out three kids and had a horrible experience!! Because this place is primarily a bar, we always take our kids early. The kids menu is decent and they love the cowboy"theme". We went in for dinner around 4:30. Who eats dinner at 4:30 you ask? No one. That's why we do it with the kids, you get in and out of a place in no time!When we first walked in we noticed that one of the booths was falling apart (the back cushion was hanging off and the lamp above the table was broken). We sat out selves and we were greeted by a very blah waiter. We ordered chocolate milk for the kids and he said they didn't have any. Weird that there was no chocolate syrup in the whole place. It took 50 minutes for our food to come out! There were two other parties in there, certainly not enough to warrant nearly an hour wait for food. The waiter brought out corn muffins, with no apologies or explaination. Just "these are for while you wait for your food".  When the food finally came it was pretty bad. My husband's burger was very tiny, dry and over cooked. The same with the children's burger. The children's chicken fingers were different this time also, very soggy, obviously something frozen and quickly heated up. The fries were gross. I could heat up better fries from the Walmart frozen goods aisle. I had the steak tips (my favorite from this place). They were cooked fine, but something was off with the seasoning. The mashed potatoes were ok but you could tell that they were sitting under a heat lamp for some time. Also, the ladies restroom was a mess. Broken locks on the stalls and all of the paper towel dispensers were broken. On the way to the restroom I passed by a man who appeared to be the manager and he didn't say a word. I expect a greeting when I make eye contact with an employee. It's good customer service. I don't know if they have come under new management or what, but Road Runner has gone way down hill in every aspect. It was sad a disappointing. We will never return!
4	my boyfriend and i come here often, because we like the food and the prices aren't bad at all. the atmosphere is nice and laid back as well. unfortunately, the service is kind of hit or miss.we had a really amazing waitress the last two times we went there. she was friendly, attentive and just overall gave us pretty much a 5 star experience! (edit: her name is ladonna! ask for her!)however, there have also been several times we've gone there, or i've been there with friends and we've had bitchy servers who take forever to do something that should take like 2 minutes and like to stand around talking to their friends instead of doing their job. there's no reason for us to wait half an hour for the check or our drinks to not be refilled when we are the only table there.
1	If I could give this less than a 1 star I would. From the time we walked in until the time we left it was the worst dining experience I've ever had. Rather than good morning when we walked in it was sit anywhere. Unfortunately there wasn't a clean table to accommodate our party. Then the powdered Chia Tea was way overpriced. I had to send my food back because the eggs were spoiled tasting and the steak had more grizzle and fat than meat. Sarah our server was either embarassed to work there or just didn't know how do her job. I was even surprised that when I send my horrific meal back she didn't even offer a suggestion or apology.  The  manager didn't even come by the table to see if there was anything that could be done. I wouldn't recommend this place even to my ex in-laws.
4	Wanna talk about legit Baked Potato Soup with chunks of potatoes & bacon & great cheap bar food? Road Runner is the place to be! We weren't too sure about this place esp with the reviews, but we wanted a new place to try for happy hour. After 10:30pm the sliders, chicken tenders, and wings all served with crinkled cut fries are 50% off... so it comes down to about $4.50? What a great deal! We added onto our tab the Kettle Baked Potato Soup and a dinner salad with honey mustard dressing. Mmm there arent many restaurants that give you 100% green leaves. I'm so picky with my salads and because of so many bad experiences, I'm always inspecting my salad for any bad lettuce! But anyways, the salad was so fresh and green, it was topped with sun dried tomatoes, onion straws and a few other yummy stuff. The chicken tender was made from real moist chicken breast, not the spongy stuff you get from fast food places. The sliders were also moist and flavorful. I would've given this place 5 stars but their chicken wings just didnt make the cut! Try this place out, I think you'd be just as surprised as me with the quality of food! ~cheers
3	came here for a late breakfast today with the parents. the service was really slow for not being crowded. it scared me a little bit to be honest. everyone was friendly though so that did make the slow service a little better. my dad ordered some coffee and it took quite a while to get to the table after our water. hopefully they were making him a fresh pot! i ordered the cowboy benedict and it was alright. nothing i would make a trip for, but something i might order again. the cowboy bacon on it was really salty though so it threw off the taste. luckly it was not smothered in sauce though. extra points there. i hate my egg benedicts smothered. the potatoes that came with is were really good though. i loved the seasoning. the best part of the entire meal though was sharing there homemade donuts. oh my watering mouth. they were donut holes covered in cinnamon sugar with a side of caramel dipping sauce. we ordered some for $4.95 to share and so glad we did. i would def come back just for those.all in all it was okay. the service was nice when they did actually come around and the food was okay. the dessert was the best part though. yums!
4	My review is limited as we just stopped in for a snack after seeing a movie.It was 10pm on a Tuesday so the place was almost empty, which was fine with me.  We were told to sit anywhere we wanted - a big plus for me - I hate when they have 1 server and they cram 5 parties into 1 corner while the rest of the place is empty.  I saw they had a pool table and a bowling alley so that was a little different than most places (I assumed this was just a restaurant).The bar area has about 5-6 large tvs so it looks like a good place to watch a game.  Also they have small tables with super comfy looking chairs that look like a good place to spend a Sunday afternoon or for MNF.  Within 5 minutes of sitting down we had 3 different people at the table offering to get drinks etc so I thought service was really good.  Our waitress (didn't catch her name) was very friendly and personable.I ordered the mac and cheese which was fantastic but very rich.  My friend ordered soup (some sort of potato?) and he thought it was fantastic.Overall I really enjoyed this place.
2	Heavy food! We've been going here on and off for some years, but last night's meal was really disappointing. Their food would be quite good (at the right price), if they weren't so heavy-handed with the fat. My lovely broccoli and carrots were grease sponges, the mashed potatoes had that "too-much-fat" mouthfeel. The creamed spinach was basically cream cheese with some spinach stirred in. Really a shame, because the filet mignon I had was really quite tasty, and everything else would have been too, if it hadn't been so heavy. Lighten up, Roadrunner, and maybe your customers will come back!
3	I looked up the menu online and it said they had ribs and beef brisket, so I got a BBQ hard-on.  Then I came in and I found that they've discontinued them there at that particular location.  So I ended up just trying the wings.  They were good, the kind that still tastes good even without any sauce on it (smoky flavor), but I'm minusing half a star for lack of imagination.  I'm going to try one of the other locations and see if I can get my BBQ on.
2	My husband and I stopped in for lunch. We live nearby but had never tried it before. First off I thought the place had a nice ambiance and was decorated well. The menu seemed a little limited and pricey but I chalked the lack of variety up to the fact that it was lunchtime. We ordered the jalapeno appetizer and waited for at least 15 minutes for someone to take the rest of our order. In the meantime I did hear the only other tabletop at that time complain that they had been brought the wrong burger. We overlooked what should have been a warning and placed our order anyways. My husband ordered the Texas Dip which was ok but pretty much on par with a dip sandwich at Arby's. I ordered the wedge salad and Dr Pepper steak tacos. The wrong salad was brought out and by the time it was corrected of course our entrees were done as well. I sent the salad back not just because the entree was done but because it was one of the saddest excuses for a wedge salad I had ever seen. The steak tacos were overdone and just strange. The only reason I am giving this place two stars instead of one is because the manager did come out and speak with us and take care of the situation. However I doubt we will be back.
2	I LOVE the interior of this place, its stunning! the lightning is perfect, huge bar, awesome furniture and so on... BUT the food is NOT up to pair unfortunately... if it wasn't for the poor food this place is 5 stars easily...  to bad! Even the simplest things like a decent cooked burger... sad and such a waste!
3	This is not a classy joint but it is some good people watching.  I saw a homeless man, two tattooed punk kids making out and a table full of Running Rebels fans all in the same visit.  What this place lacks in ambiance, it makes up for in entertainment value. After golf one day, we turned this place into a second living room.  Got comfy at a table.  And periodically ate and drank for several hours.  Overall, the bar food here is mediocre at best but the beer is ice cold and the photo hunt machine has enough seating for your friends.  My kinda place.
2	We stopped for dinner want to have a steak.  The mash potatoes and salad were good, but the steak was tough and of low quality..  The price of the food didn't match the quality of the food
1	I don't know what happened to this place. I remember going to the Roadrunner Saloon up on Buffalo and Washington when I was maybe 10 or 12 years old and it was actually pretty darn good. Then again, there must be something to the fact that one or two of the locations went out of business over the years...maybe a change of owners...there has to be something to explain how awful the food is now.To start off, Dana and I walked into the restaurant and noticed the seat yourself sign, so we filed into the mostly empty dining room and plunked down. There's a lot to draw your eye in this place, tons of TVs playing whatever sports game is on at the time as well as interesting western-inspired decor. In any case, we realized we had spent a good 5-10 minutes looking around without seeing any sign of a waitress.She finally did show up and took our orders pretty quick. We chose the baked mac and cheese as an appetizer and it was alright. It was a little small and rather tasteless, but it was food and we were THAT hungry.For our entrees, I had the Dr. Pepper marinated steak tacos and Dana had the Carne Asade Burrito. We couldn't have anticipated how gross both of these dishes would be. I can't necessarily describe how the meat tasted in the tacos. It was sweet and also had a strong char flavor to it...like eating cigarettes with powdered sugar on top. The rice on my platter was also undercooked in some sports, as I noticed several hard chunks of rice while I was chowing down. As for the burrito, we could have done bette with Chipotle! Fortunately, like many of the other restaurants I've reviewed, I had a Groupon for $30.  The bill came out to $35 for the two dishes and the appetizer. I thought this was overpriced for what we had.It's unfortunate that this place has taken such a dive. I used to love coming there as a kid for the chicken fajitas, which are unfortunately no longer on the menu :(
5	I love the decor here.they even have an antique bowling alley (very cool)orderedSpanish dipwhiskey chilimedium rare hamburgersteak saladeverything taste great. will be back again.
3	Had dinner with friends service wasGood but Slow even with an almost empty restaurant had the filet mignon which was perfectly cooked but seriously over seasoned...tip to chef less is more! Best part of the meal the baked potato soup stupendous that and the Cardinals winning the World Series!!
4	We have been to the Roadrunner 2 times using a groupons. On the 1st visit Mr. had the Texas dip sandwich and I had the mac n cheese with a salad.. both items were tasty and good. On our 2nd visit Mr. had the carne asada burrito and I had the vaquero steak salad.  Again both lunches were good.  We would have never ordered what we did because of the price and only did so because of the groupons.  Our server was prompt at refilling our ice teas (which to us is very important too).  We will go back again to try the lunch specials..  we love the decor of the place and only the dining room was busy at the lunch hour.
1	This place is now PT'S Pub....I've never really had a problem w/other PT'S, actually like them!  This one however was horrible!  The waitress we had was bad from the start.  Took us quite a while to get our food & drinks and there were LOTS of open tables, so it wasn't busy!   One gal ordered a glass of wine and she said it was like the bottle had been open for a week or so.  When we ordered dessert, when it was brought to us we had to ask for spoons and that took about 10 mins to get.  we ended up sending it back because it was raw.  At this point we told her to forget it and we didn't want another one. When we finally got our bill we were charged for the dessert!  I asked her to take it off, she came back with it and said the manager said it was cooked through and we had to pay for it!?  Umm..NO, it wasn't I wasn't going to pay for something I didn't consume.  I was shocked that IF they were going to go that route the manager didn't come over and talk to us BEFORE they were going to try and charge me for it.!  I will NEVER go back to this location.  Not worth my time or $.
4	Ok, so looks like this was sold to PT's.Stopped in for dinner after a movie last night.  There were 5 in our party.  It has the same PTs menu as all the others so don't expect anything different here.  The food is typical Vegas bar food, but its all good.Our waitress was great.  She let us know about the Happy Hour specials as soon as we sat down.  She worked something out for all of us as far as drink specials.  She also let us know when she put in our last items that qualified for HH so we didn't get any surprises on our bill.  We also got separate checks and she didn't give us any grief over that either.  In other words, we can be annoying, but she was very accommodating.We sat inside and there was definately an air of cigarette smoke lofting around so if you're super sensitive to smoke this isn't the place for you.  We did notice outside tables on our way out so maybe they can serve out there if smoke is an issue for you.All in all, can't complain.  Oh - except for FoxNews on the TV closest to us.  Would have preferred sports of any sort to that ... even golf.  Well, maybe not golf ...
