4	Our new place is being sponsored by Ashley. We had never heard of it before but drove by it and decided to stop in. After a trip to Jennifer Convertibles and an unsuccessful trip to the Room Store we figured it was worth a shot. I'm so glad we went in! We ended up getting three rooms of furniture- bedroom, dining room, and office. We were specifically looking for a black dining table to go with some furniture we received as wedding gifts and they were one of the only places to carry a square black table. Our SA was helpful and attentive but not at all overbearing or pushy. When we decided to get the desk without the hutch she had no problem with that. Had this been a SA in Boston they would have listed a million reasons why we needed the hutch. Her laid back style made shopping there enjoyable.
3	i know they're doing their jobs and i can understand that. but we couldn't shake our saleslady. we finally had to say that if she didn't leave us alone, we were going to leave. we absolutely couldn't discuss anything because she was CONSTANTLY THERE! we even said we'll come find you if we need any help. literally any piece we glanced at, touched, or came near, she was on top of us "oh isn't this a great piece. we can set up financing and lock in the sales price, and if you buy 5k worth today with cash, we'll throw in...etc". every single item. they have nice stuff, no question about that. but i know this game. and it's not fun. it makes shopping miserable. and besides, it's too expensive for us. we got 3 of the same, exact pieces (same model, same sku) at pruitts for less than half we would have paid at Ashleys.
1	DO NOT buy furniture from here!! Yes there stuff is reasonably priced, but you will never receive it if you opt for delivery. I purchased my furniture a month ago and still have not received it. Not only did they call me to tell me it will be delayed and rescheduled delivery, but they called me a SECOND time to tell me its further delayed and had to reschedule delivery AGAIN. And to top it off, they told me I basically have to just deal with it and there is nothing that they can do for me.  Spend the extra money and purchase your furniture from somewhere else!
2	Nice furniture and a knowledgable friendly sales person but very dishonest delivery information.  When we said yes to the salesman on 5/28 he said they would deliver on 6/8. Seemed like a long time but OK. Then we went to pay and they say they can't deliver until 6/12. 4 days later their customer disservice staff calls to say they won't deliver until 6/18. When I call to complain to the salesman he tells me their prices are sooo low they just can't keep up. We went to Mor and got delivery the next day.
1	Furniture shopping is supposed to be fun and after finally being able to afford something that isn't at Walmart or a hand-me-down, I was looking forward to it.Thanks Ashley for making it a painful and stressful process. I originally reviewed Yelp! and several of the typical AZ chain stores websites (Room Store, Mor, Ashley, etc.) Ashley seemed to have the best options (but no pricing) so I went there first. Ugh. Big mistake. First off--they have A MILLION sales people there who creepily stalk you from the MOMENT you get in the door. You end up walking around the store trying to avoid the guys/girls in black shirts who continually ask you if you need help and try to sell the furniture. (Um, yeah, thanks but it doesn't matter to me if this piece is your favorite or what warranties it comes with...I need to measure and visualize this piece in my home which only I can do, hopefully undistributed...) It's WORSE than buying a car. It makes you want to leave the store but you can't because you need/want furniture...I did like a few of their dining room tables and couches but everything was SO expensive. Like, overpriced expensive. I don't mind paying more for quality or customer service but I just felt like I was getting ripped off every minute I was there. However, at the end of the day I walked away with a table in mind and went home to confirm measurements. I ended up checking a few more stores to make sure it was "the one" and I actually found one that I liked WAY better and was $150 cheaper at Mor (with NO pushy salespeople).Oh, and they don't include measurements on the item tag...I think this is ploy to make you talk to a sales rep because they all carry tape measures but they only let you borrow it while they linger around and watch you take measurements, talking the ENTIRE timeBottom Line: Ashley's stuff is fine and you can probably find something you like and want to buy, but their sales approach and prices aren't worth it--shop around. The furniture stores I visited after Ashley (Razmataz, Mor, random other stores, had NORMAL sales people who asked you once if you needed help and then left you alone).
