5	Think yoga is about sitting in the lotus position while meditating?  If so, you'll be surprised at the workout.  The yogies at yoga flow take you through a balanced workout including stretching, balancing, and aerobic routines.  All in 90 deg heat!  So you'll be sweating buckets..., a great way to cleans your system.Try it.
5	I've been to a number of yoga studios in the city and Yoga Flow is my favorite.  You'll never have the same class twice.  Each teacher has their own style , emphasizing different areas of the practice.  I especially like Pam for balance and Jesse for strength.  I have been to all three Yoga Flow studios, but the Aspinwall studio is especially clean and intimate.  They always offer your first three classes at an introductory rate, so you can try it without an expensive commitment.  I would, and do, recommend Yoga Flow  to all my friends without reservation.
5	Lovely place. I took 2 classes so far by Rachel - she was very friendly and welcoming and the level 1-2 classes were appropriate level-wise. Studio is clean and easy to reach. It is Hot Yoga though, which I didnt realize... I am not sure this is for me in the long run (too sweaty! :), but that's my personal issue and has nothing to do with the studio. You should bring your own mat - they charge $2 to rent you a mat. I didnt expect or know that (since most places don't charge for that), and I didnt have any money with me the first time - but Rachel was very easy about that and just let me pay for it the next time.
5	I love love love this studio. I tried the location on Walnut Street and the one in Aspinwall.Let me emphasize how much I appreciate that they clean the floors before and after practice, that you can use their tea tree oil sprays to clean up your mats (I have seen a  few yoga studios in Pittsburgh and this is by far the cleanest and the best).Their teachers come in all forms, ethnicities, shapes and styles of practice. And I love that! I am slightly tired of the yoga teacher who looks like is ready to perform on a cat walk. They are mindful of their students and that is a plus.
3	Yoga Flow has a really great "yoga" feel to it. It always smells wonderful and it's great that they keep the studio quiet for meditating before classes. It's very peaceful and calming. The teachers all have a different style, and some are much better than others. One is so hard that her class is like an Insanity workout, and one is so easy that I don't even sweat despite the room being ridiculously hot. That is my next point ... The studio is too hot by about 20 degrees. It becomes a deterrent to my practice and I don't see how it's healthy or safe to do any kind of exercise in a 90 degree room, which Yoga Flow's temp usually is. Sometimes even hotter. I wish the "hot yoga" fad would end!
