4	I'll be the first to Yelp the Legacy Golf Club in Las Vegas.  I played there in a tournament.  The course is in really good shape - but I was a little disappointed in the course because their web boasted comments like "Best Course in Las Vegas," and other totally bogus claims.The course is relatively flat and weaves through a housing development in Henderson.  The new homes are right on top of the course.  And Mr. Slice even hit one.  I will say the course was pretty narrow, or perhaps it was an illusion because of the homes.  Either way, I was wild that day and and it made a pretty tame course into a real mofo on me.The signature of this course is a Las Vegas themed tee box that has a heart, spade, diamond and club shapes as tee boxes.Overall, a very decent course.  If it were in my hometown of San Jo - I'd be all about it... but in Vegas, it really can be forgettable.  No shame, 4 stars.
3	it was good and the service was even better
3	For a public course in Vegas, this one is pretty good.  Not great, not horrible.  There are other courses in SoNV and SoUT that I would rather play.Played it yesterday for the first time since May, and the course is in great shape.  (They just finished overseeding recently, and with the great weather we've been having the fairways and greens are looking good.)The course is a bit narrow and there are a few holes with blind shots where you can't even see the flag from the women's tees.My big knock on this course (as of yesterday) was that on #17, there is goose poop all over the place.  I mean... everywhere... on the fairway, on the green, on the cement, everywhere.  The geese love this hole for some reason.The plus side is .... they have a really nice proshop and the bar/restaurant is surprisingly good.
4	I like this course.  Close to home and the Devil's Triangle is pretty challenging.  Makes for a fun round.  The prices are more reasonable now than they used to be, especially their twilight rates.All in all, a good and entertaining course, but I still prefer to take a drive to Lake Las Vegas and play at Tuscany when I am able to do so.
4	Played 5/11 by 24 HCP. Despite the 25MPH winds, I enjoyed this beauty of a public golf course that feels like a country club. Full service bag drop to start. The course has homes on it, but the homes are beautifull and add to the rich feel of the club, plenty of room for your drives. Impressively maintained. Would like to try again under calmer conditions.
1	We had a bad experience at Legacy. 8 golfers ahead of us decided to play together and the marshall did little to help the situation. We ended up leaving. Tourist trap.
4	3 of us played last Friday despite warnings from loved ones about heatstroke and dehydration.  However, for its proximity to the Strip (about 8 miles SE), $25 green fee and a sucker for the images on the website, I could not resist. Parking was a breeze, as was check in, on-time, clubhouse was ice cold...all signs pointed towards a great experience.  While inhaling our Wendy's drive-thru, one of the proshop guys gave us a 10 minute Greenskeeper 101 lecture, which I appreciated.  In summary, the course, despite scorched appearances was in fact, not.  It was due to maintenance crews dropping the mower an inch or so in order to finalize their overseeding process.  Aesthetics aside, play was not affected. Wide enough fairways despite being bordered by residences.  Some fantastic looking homes I might add, especially next to the 2nd tee.  A handful of doglegs, bunkers as long and wide as the Indian Ocean.  One lake...possibly a 2nd on the 17th which resembled more of a breeding ground for geese.  A little more variety would have been nice as far as lakes and elevations changes went but for $25 it was great. The greens were punched about 3 weeks ago but looked like it had a ways to go.  As of 8/26, greens were extremely bristly and felt like grainy Astroturf.  Forget about your intended line.  Greens were soft enough to leave a divot when hitting approach shots but when replacing it, felt like you were pulling the grass out or snapping it due to it's brittleness and dryness.4 stars for the price and would not hesitate to come back if I had to book on short notice.
1	Gave this course another shot over the weekend and the customer service is dismal at best. I booked a 3:18 tee time and arrived to hit balls at 2:55 pm. When I carried my clubs out to the starter (nobody ever grabs them from you here), he barked at me to approach him before grabbing a cart. He then told me I had to leave immediately with the next threesome. I explained I had a tee time at 3:18 and wanted to warm up. He insisted that was impossible because they were full the rest of the day. He then handed me a small bucket with 8-10 balls and said I could hurry and hit a couple. I played the front nine and watched some guys play bumper cars with the golf carts with no ranger in sight. I left after nine holes and intended to send the course this feedback. Their website does not list an email so there's no way to reach them.The course is about average for a municipal course but that's hardly worth your time in Vegas. Siena, Red Rock Arroyo, Rhodes Ranch, and  Paiute are not much more and offer a full service, well managed golf experience. As a local who plays twice a week, I've taken Legacy off my list no matter how low the greens fees are.
5	Played here for the first time and had a GREAT time!  Course was in great shape!!!  I'm a new golfer, and this course wasn't overwhelming for me, but played with experienced players who thought the course was very challenging and the greens were running great.  Will DEFINITELY be back when the weather gets warmer. P.S., the Pro Shop ROCKS - lots of great shoes, clubs, and clothes - one of the best selections in town.
3	Showed-up for a t-time of 8am. Paired me with another group of people. Round finished in about 4.20. The course overall is pretty typical of neighborhood courses. The driving range is nice, short game area as well, the putting green area is spot on. We played from the whites since there new golfers in our group and pace of play would be quicker. There were lots of bunkers and some holes had some water but overall nicely designed course. I would play this course again.
5	Of all the golf courses included on the locals OB card, Legacy is my favorite. I love that it is low key, I barely have to wait on the tee (most days) and the staff is super nice/helpful. The course itself is in great shape pretty much all year round. It is a straightforward course and there really is not much trouble to get into (although still challenging).They make a mean Bloody Maria at the club house and have some pretty good food (get the pretzel bread sliders).
1	About the course....it doesn't matter.  Why? Because in 110 degree heat the management hosted an event for OB Card holders...more event than tournament for sure.  This event had players creeping along at a 5+ hour pace...again IN THE HEAT OF SUMMER.  The laughable part was every single staff member actually seemed to believe that a scramble event leads to faster play.  HA!  Time to learn the golf biz.  It doesn't matter how well a course plays when groups are backed up 2 deep on every tee in the heat of the Las Vegas summer...with NO WATER ON THE COURSE. No on course management and horrible planning says STAY AWAY.  Add in that management would not return phone calls in the follow up, there are MUCH better options across the Valley.
3	I played this course in Early August on my trip to Las Vegas.  I was solo, so I was teamed with 3 other golfers that were friends. The course is tricky at some spots, and playing with locals helped a bit.  I wasn't hitting the ball that good, so I go myself into trouble a couple of times.  The beverage cart girl came around 3 or more times, and that was very good because the temperature was around 105-110.The reason I say so/so shape is because some of the greens were burnt out, and some of the fairways were in rough shape. Although this was probably my favorite course, just because the pace of play was pretty good. A lot of the other courses over sell the tee times, so you are waiting to hit every shot.I would play it again, but I would wait till next year to see of the shape of the course improves.
4	One of the OB Golf Courses offered on their discount yearly card, definitely worth buying if you play.  The card gives you 5 free rounds, four tournaments and one birthday round, plus range balls/a hat ect, only $99 early purchase, I have had mine for about 6 years.The Legacy is a great round, nicely maintained fairways and tee boxes, greens(except 2) are good and true.  Played here this week, four hour round, just finished before sunset.Cart service is good, $2 PBRs, and most players are professional and friendly.Definitely one of my regular choices.
2	I am an OB card member.  We signed up for our memberships at Legacy.  I played the course in the summer and despite the heat the course was in good shape.  We played again today and the majority of the course was in good shape but there were several greens that had dead spots (no grass) and it looked as if they tried to cover up the spots with green chemicals of some sort.  Some of the cart paths had concrete that was broken in spots.  I guess for $49 I just expected the course to be in better shape and expected a little more of a top tier experience.  Now lets get to the worst part.  I decided to eat in the clubhouse after the round.  Bad idea.  Worst burger and bun I have ever had and I still have an upset stomach hours later.  I understand that golf courses really exist for one purpose but I feel like if you are going to have a restaurant and offer food that you should try to serve decent food.  So for the value the course was not very good and the restaurant was horrible.  We won't be back anytime soon and we certainly will not eat in the restaurant again.
4	They have an amazing practice facility! Sometimes they use mats which sucks. Two putting greens GREAT chipping green. The course when in good shape is amazing. The greens are very grainy and tough to make putts. Tough course surrounded by houses.
4	Pretty nice course. Played 3/30/2014 and it was a bit windy out, but nothing crazy. The practice facilities are very nice as is the club house. Fairways are very green and well kept, greens are a little slow and have a few areas not quite grown in, which didn't help the putting after a previous days speedy greens, left too many short. A little pricy in the club house for lunch, but had a good time.
5	Way to take care of veterans and active duty military!! Free round of golf on Memorial Day!! Course is in great shape!! Thanks for your dedication to the military!!
4	My round started with a great welcoming to the course.  Price was average for what I have been paying in Vegas...$65.  Practice facility was manicured and accurate.  I was pared up with some locals who were a blast to play with.  Course was relatively easy, but fun to practice certain shots.  I gave it four stars because some greens were diseased and sanded.  Other than that, customer service was excellent and round was fun.  Good course for beginners.
