5	They make you feel better.  I went to Dr Casper for a couple of years for both acupuncture and chiropractic. Going there for acupuncture was a godsend.  I had tendinitis so bad that I was limping and one treatment healed me.  She also sent me to a physical therapist to complement the treatment she was giving.  I cannot say enough good things about Dr Casper.  I am especially missing her since I moved to Baltimore and have yet to find a chiropractor or an acupuncturist that even comes close to her healing abilities.
5	The best chiropractic office, staff and doctors I've ever encountered. Here, the focus seems to be about finding the best method to help/heal their patients, whether it's a service they offer, or outside of their practice.
5	I was impressed with the clean and calm office environment, but especially the bedside manner and skill of Dr. Voigt. Your first visit is an hour and she listens attentively to your concerns, checks your back and responses out and then explains what she's going to do. I've never been to a chiropractor that gives a mini massage before the adjustment, it was awesome. I also appreciated her being very experienced in working with pregnant patients. A very nice doctor, I look forward to going back for regular appointments.
5	This is my 3rd chiropractor in 6 years.  My brother-in-law is a chiropractor in TX and has set my standards very high.  I was experiencing lower back pain 24-7 for months and wasn't seeing any results from my previous chiropractor.  I found Back In Motion and gave it a try based on the reviews I read on Yelp and Google. All the reviews were right! First of all, the atmosphere is amazing; it's super relaxing and smells like lavender!  My first visit I sat down with Dr. Voigt and she asked me questions to better understand my pain and the reasons for it.  I have been once a week since my first visit, about 1.5 months ago and my back is 95% better! This is the first chiropractor I've been to where I feel more like family than a client and I love that!  I love the chiropractic principles Dr. Voigt practices and wish I would have found Back In Motion years ago!
1	I never been here for services so im not speaking about that but i did call recently to ask if they were accepting new patients and was spoken to rudely. The exact answer i received was "that depends, who is your referral?" I replied "i dont have a referral. I found you guys on yelp"... The she said "oh, well it looks like it would be about 3 weeks then"..... I also asked if they took my insurance and the answer was "idk, i guess"... I ended the call there... Idk where the 5 star ratings are coming from but i know it was earned from customer service based on what i had to deal with.. Will be looking elsewhere for assistance...
