3	I have to agree with the previous reviewer-- restaurants specializing in more than one type of food are rarely great.Red Bowl's number one thing going for it is that it has a full gluten-free menu, which can be great for some people.I've eaten here a number of times and every time I'm underwhelmed. To me it seems like the food is just bland and slightly over-priced. I will say, however, that some people I know really seem to enjoy it, so perhaps my tastes just aren't that good (or maybe I have more experience with this kind of food!)Atmosphere is quite nice, and the staff is pretty welcoming. If there were something better for this type of food in the area, I would have rated this place only 2 stars, but since this is about it, unless you want generic Chinese food, I'll give it 3.You can check their website www.redbowltegacay.com for daily specials, too.
4	Good food and good sushi. Pad Thai is good and portions are generous especially at dinner.
5	Great food. Portions are always generous to large. Prices are very reasonable, and kids eat for .99 on Saturday and Monday. I've never had a bad dish, and family/friends always look forward to visiting Red Bowl when they visit. I strong recommendation for Red Bowl!
5	The people where are so nice and the food so good. When ever I'm in the area i always get the basil Thai chicken and the shrimp thingies i don't know what are called) but they are so good, Many people don't know about this place and that's kinda disappointing. They have some of the best drinks and drink specials that have ever seen at a restaurant. The decor is cute and nice something that you would not think to find in a strip mall.
4	Great service, good food, and perfect for any occasion. I've been here for dates, for large group dinners with friends from high school, quick family lunches...literally anything, and it works. You can go in a nice outfit or sweatpants (believe me, I've done both), and you will feel comfortable and welcomed. Pretty delicious, too. No complaints :)
5	When I'm at a Chinese restaurant having a hard time with chopsticks, I always hope that there's a Chinese kid at an American restaurant somewhere who's struggling mightily with a fork." ~Rick Budinich To call Red Bowl Asian Bistro a Chinese Restaurant would be like calling the Titanic a boat or the iceberg that sank it a cube.  Yes, Chinesefood is on the menu but so are a great many other dishes that do not originate in China.  The best way to describe the cuisine at Red Bowl is to use the term fusion and since I think that word is pretentious, I am going to try it a different way.  Here goes...the food at Red Bowl is a delicious culmination of all the great far eastern delicacies prepared in a way that the Southern American palate can comprehend.  That is, the Red Bowl menu contains the very best selection of oriental delights that are marketable to the uninitiated diner.  Red Bowl serves food to appeal to gourmands and foodies alike. Since I consider myself part of the latter group (not intending to be snobbish), I was especially impressed with the menu's vast selection.  At first, it may appear daunting, but once you settle in you'll realize, as I did, that the size of the selection is what earns Red Bowl the designation of Asian Bistro...in this case, size does matter.  There is no phrase that more aptly describes the subtle nuances and differences of their listed fare than "Asian Bistro".  To be sure, regardless of who you are dining with (I know this to be true because I have two very food-finicky kids), there is something on the menu for everyone. One of the things that make my dining experience most enjoyable is the ambiance.  A nice ambiance can make a marginal meal good and vice versa.  Red Bowl's new Rock Hill location is perfectly outfitted, and the warm lighting, wood-paneled walls and open floor plan make a perfect setting in which to enjoy a meal.  The main dining room is elegantly appointed and spacious.  There is seating for 120 patrons at a time, and you won't feel crowded, because the atmosphere the open dining room creates is light and airy.  For those of you who are not looking for a full meal, you'll be pleased to know that Red Bowl has an elegant sushi bar manned by very experienced sushi chefs.  Here  you can sit comfortably with a friend, choose freely from the broad selection of makimono (variety of rolls like the ubiquitous California Roll) or Nigirizushi (hand formed sushi) and watch as they are meticulously prepared.  Watching the sushi chefs at Red Bowl is similar to watching a ballet; they are graceful, effective and efficient.  The chefs obviously take great pride in their work, and everything that leaves the kitchen is a masterpiece in style and taste. Service can also determine a dining experience.  We were welcomed by Owner Joseph Yang and seated in a private dining room that can host up to 35.  I have to admit, I felt like a rock-star because the VIP treatment never ended.  I thought we might be getting preferential treatment because, after all, we were here to review the restaurant, so I wondered around the dining room to see how the "mere mortals" were being served.  To my delight, it was abundantly clear that great service was part of the package.   After we settled in, our waiter, Michael greeted us and took our drink order.  Both the Tega Cay and Rock Hill Red Bowl locations have an extensive bar and wine list (including a great selection of sake), and can serve just about any adult beverage you might desire.   We chose to eat "family style" and asked Joseph to choose the dishes as opposed to ordering from the menu.  This way, we decided, we would get to try everything that was brought to the table.  As the food arrived, Michael explained to the novices in our group what everything was and what ingredients each dish contained.   The sushi arrived first.  I am not sure exactly what we were served because there was so much of it-it seemed like there was one of each item on the sushi menu represented.  Sushi is one of my favorite foods and I have eaten it at various venues around the world from London to the Cayman Islands and everywhere in between.  Not only was the sushi expertly prepared and presented, it was delicious, too.  Actually, delicious is an understatement but I can't think of a word that aptly explains these taste bud treats.  We devoured the sushi platter (including the garnishes) as if we'd been stranded on an island without food for weeks.  In retrospect, had I stopped to consider how voraciously we ate, I might have been a little embarrassed.  The sushi was THAT good. The remnants (what little there were) were cleared and the next course arrived which was an assortment of the appetizers.  Among the parade of pre-meal tid-bits were pan-friend dumplings, chicken skewers, lettuce wraps, spring rolls, egg rolls, and sauces for dipping.
4	Visited this Red Bowl Asian Bistro for the first time a week or so ago.  It is a bit of a drive coming from Matthews, but I have some friends that live near the Carowinds area.  We could not decide on what we wanted to eat so this place as suggested.  I had never been there before, but I'm always open to trying new places.It was a weekday night so the bistro was not too terribly crowded.I ordered the diner "bento box combo" which was a ton of food for a decent price.  The only problem was that everything on the menu sounded good to try!  I tasted their "bam bam shrip, spicy tuna roll, and white rice.  Everything was great!  Need to go back and try some of their other menu items.
2	i just went here for the first time like 3 days ago and it was ok. i only checked it out because i saw their commercial a million times! lol the food was pretty good i just wish they had pictures on their menus or people that could explain what things are because i didn't know what half the stuff on the menu was. then a fly flew into my dipping sauce and i was totally grossed out and ready to leave. i hate bugs.....
5	Very good food and great service. Went in today and they got my order wrong which isn't a big deal to me and the I decided I wanted to get a drink to go and she gave it to me on the house! Great customer service! Not to mention great food and their sushi is very good and up there in quality! I am picky about sushi and like it to be good quality.
5	My husband and I come here whenever we need a quick meal and I have yet to be disappointed. We have probably been here a total of 10 times at least; a few times with other couples but mainly just the two of us. The ambiance is why I fell in love with this place. It is so clean and open with beautiful woods and reds- it is inviting and homey. The menu is insanely diverse although I usually stick with the Spicy Thai Basil Chicken or Spicy Tangerine.  My husband loves the Sushi and no longer has to drive to Ru San's for his fix.The service has never been less than awesome. Never hesitate to customize an order as they are never hesitant to customize it for you. As long as you know what to expect- not quite a Benihana but definitely superior to Panda Express, I think you might be pleasantly surprised.
4	Red Bowl is always a great choice.  It can get a little busy at times, but is worth the wait.  The generous portions will leave you full and the flavors will satisfy the pallet.
2	It was better when they first opened. Now service is not as pleasant and food quality has slipped
3	I was in Fort Mill and jonesing for some pad thai. My friend suggested Red Bowl since they have a variety of Asian cuisine. I stopped in to order take out and there were only two other tables in there. They told me it would be 5 minutes and brought out my order in less than that so that left me optimistic!When I got home, the pad thai portion was huge! I'm talking probably enough for 3 servings but the flavor really didn't sing to me. It tasted good but nothing special so I had to add a bunch of sriracha and black pepper.  The food is definitely not authentic and unmemorable  but decent if you want a quick fix.
4	Was in the area yesterday and drove by Red Bowl. My company had eaten there before and suggested we stop for lunch.Modern Asian feel inside, very nice and spacious with a good size bar. I also noticed what looked like a buffet at first, but is really a stir fry bar! (pretty cool)Had Mongolian beef lunch special, for less than $7 its a steal. Comes with choice of spring or egg roll. And your choice of rice.Rolls came out quick and piping hot. Also with dish that held 2 different dipping sauces. (sweet & sour, & some shrimp sauce I think?)All the food was very good, service was good, left me wanting to come back!!
4	Delicious food and great service on this trip. Yum!
4	We go at least once a week. Do I need to say more?
3	I started going to Red Bowl when it opened up and I lived a few miles away.  I returned last night since I was in Charlotte on business and decided to drive by the old neighborhood.  Staff was very friendly but gave my take out order to another person and I had to wait for my Green Curry Chicken to be made again.  They comped me a free iced tea for my trouble and tried to make it right.  Got back to my hotel and found that they did not put any plastic wear in the to-go bag.....Ughh.....Great portion, only an OK taste (nothing to knock your socks off), clean restaurant, price seems a little high compared to other asian restaurants for quality of food.Will give them one more try if ever in the area.
3	A pretty good place for sushi, and an average place for other Asian dishes.  While Red Bowl can be wonderful at times, it can be lackluster because of its large array of Asian dishes.  Dishes range from Mongolian to Japanese to Thai to Chinese...etc.  It's sort of like lumping all Europeans together and letting Spaniards cook your schnitzel and kraut.  Red Bowl would better themselves by refining dishes they are strongly familiar with.  I enjoy eating here, but why order overpriced Chinese food you could get at another Chinese restaurant?  Stick to something you can't get somewhere else.Try:  The sushiNew to sushi:  Try tuna rollsPretend it's sushi:  Try the sweet potato rolls or Californian rolls
3	Saved us from a Sunday night of frozen pizza! It was 9 o'clock and our options for dinner were rapidly diminishing when the Red Bowl Asian Bistro popped up on my android restaurant finder. They were open til 10 so the decision was made. Our initial greeting by what looked to be the owner of all ppl was not one of excitement  or even welcome....but the service was friendly which I suppose is what matters. We had sushi to start with, because I am a weenie eater when it comes to sushi we had a California roll, which let's face it is hard to make wrong, and a Dragon roll, which was a hit with the rest of the table.  Our table ordered the Broccoli Beef and the Cashew Chicken both of which got middle of the road responses (we didn't take these leftovers home, which speaks volumes), we also had a simple Chicken Lo Mein which was delish (with the addition of some soy sauce) and the Spicy Thai Basil Chicken that was unique and very fresh.  Another big plus were the portion sizes, we all ordered individual dishes, but there was plenty to share, which is half the fun of dining out right?  On another note, they don't serve alcohol on Sundays (sniffle), but if you bring in your church bulletin, you get a free soda (hmmmm....).Even though half of the dishes failed to rock my world, the fact that the ingredients were fresh leads me to believe that after some investigation to weed out weak dishes, you'll be left with some pretty delicious Asian options when the mood strikes!
2	foods good. experience sucks. all i got was take out ... and my order was clearly forgotten whilest me and my boyfriend sat for 45 minutes as other take-out orders left within 15 minutes. i mean, what the fuck? i could've ate there and been in and out quicker.
2	Uhhh, no.  That will be my answer the next time anyone suggests Red Bowl to me.  The 3 1/2 stars it earned really surprised me though, however, I might've gone on an off day.  I didnt have sushi in the longest time, and was very excited to finally quench my craving. We walked in at 2:50, ten whole minutes before the lunch specials cut-off time.  We already knew what we wanted, but thanks to the snail paced server who took his time taking our order, we missed out on the the $7.25 entrees and were left with the $11-15 ones.  Big bummer for me, so I just opted for the Crazy Roll and the California Roll, shared between my lunch buddy.  The sushi took forever and a half to come out, anyway when it did, it was very delicious and we literally inhaled it.  We then decided to order the California Roll.......which was the worst thing I ever had, they skimped out on the rice so bad that you were able to see more nori than rice.  The rice was a bit crunchy too, and overall tasteless and inedible.  We did not eat that order, and they didnt even bother asking if we had a problem with it, something other establishments normally do.Anywho, overall I give them 2 stars, 1 for the California Roll and 1 for the bathroom.  I'll have to find another place for my sushi fix, cause this aint cuttin for moi :-S
1	We have been getting takeout from Red Bowl in Fort Mill for 3 years.  A few months ago the sweet & sour sauce tasted like vinegar.  We took it back and they apologized and remixed it and it tasted like normal.Tonight we received sweet & sour sauce that tasted like vinegar.  We were told that there is a new chef and sometimes the sauce is dark and sometimes it is light.  I have eaten sweet & sour sauce for 20 years and NEVER had it taste like vinegar.  We paid $10 for sweet & sour chicken and have no sauce to eat it with.  We were offered no compensation and were told that no other customers complained about the sauce.We will not be returning.  Such a shame that the food has gone downhill.
4	Very Very Welcoming staff and the service is quick. The food is also very good, I've been here for lunch on a couple of occassions and I did order the same thing both times because it was so good.The Scallop Curry lunch special with a veggie spring roll is PERFECT..
3	Kind of a hit or miss place.  I am tired of these 3 in 1 Asian places.  Thai, Japanese, and Chinese...these kind of places aren't authentic and are not great at any of these. I rather have just a straight Thai place or something.Alright, off my rant.  This place is nearby, so I have tried a lot of dishes and found what is actually good.Their potstickers, pork lo mein (chicken one is bland for some reason), sweet and sour chicken, and egg rolls are good (the easy stuff).  The bourbon chicken was terrible and watery.  The pad thai is no where close to authentic. Singapore noodles are not authentic either, but still tastes really good. Large portions of every entree helps them with the star rating.Overall, average.  Wish we had more choices in Fort Mill area and more authentic places.  Oh well!
2	Red Bowl has established a persona as a very good restaurant. Nice clean place, great service and great sounding menu. However the two times I have tried them the actual food is not good. The pork dumplings are anemic. The red curry shrimp was mostly onions, the dragon and Phoenix was like chicken in corn syrup  and the shrimp was bland and cold. However the food presentation was great, the actual flavors and freshness was sub par.
2	At first we were happy to see a Red Bowl withing golf cart driving distance in Sun City.  The bloom is now off that red rose.A luncheon for one of our clubs worked out.  It was not crowded, the food arrived together and was just fine.  My hopes rose as we had not been back for months after three bad experiences.Well, good was not to last.  Two more dinner occasions and the tastes were just "off."  Their fusion is not working well.The blends of shrimp, chicken and scollops tasted as if dish soap was mixed in.  Another evening, which my wife insisted we go back to eat, I ordered a simple pork fried rice and could only eat a small portion.  How do you screw up fried rice?  The pork was greasy, much of the rice hard and crunchy and it was gummy.  Ahhhhhh!We will not be back.  How sad as the Charlotte location seemed to get it right, but I am not going back there for a comparison, either.Bye, bye Red Bowl Indian Land.
3	This place is a battle between love and hate.  The food is good, the service is slow.I have had a wide sampling of their food and love the pad thai, chicken and brocoli, and even the sushi.  The problem is that it takes forever to get the food.  The most recent example was this evening.  It took an hour to get our food after being seated.  I could understand if the place was packed, but we were seated immediately. If you want to try the place, I suggest ordering takeout.  You get the great food without the hassle.
3	I ate here a long time ago...And once again this past week. The staff is UBER Friendly!!! I have had better food, but still good when in the area.Can not say enough about the service, it's always been "Spot On!"
5	The spring rolls are some of the best I've ever had, the service is quick and friendly, and the tangerine chicken is very tasty! Can't wait to try more!
4	Great place to get take out from. Never actually ate in the restaurant but we get take out a least once every two weeks. The food is good and the staff is friendly. They even remember me when I come in.
3	The 1st time I ate here I thought everything was amazing. The second time it wasn't good & the 3rd time it wasn't good. After that I have decided not to go back. I don't know if it's hit or miss with the different cooks but it's too expensive for it to not be good every time. The fried rice is mushy & the sushi doesn't have that fresh wow factor taste. It's just average & expensive.
5	Favorite "chain" Chinese restaurant.  I have been to several locations and it never disappoints.  I usually get the stir fry bar , beef- all the veggies - sa cha sauce and noodles.... WOW add a little chili oil !! Sometimes I just do the sushi.. Amazing!!
