5	Great customer service. Super friendly and out going. Great recommendation on the chicken salad sandwich. Best I've had in a long time. The lentil soup was delicious and hearty. My lady had the meatloaf sandwich which was definitely homemade and was a mammoth sized slab of meatloaf. She had the butternut squash soup which was tasty as well. An awesome experience overall and delicious food. Will surely be back. Cool artwork to check out on the walls.
5	Great new restaurant!  Homemade food, sandwiches, and desserts.
5	I have had the pleasure of dining at Cafe Cornucopia twice in the past 2 weeks and both times have been exceptional! The place is very inviting and nicely decorated with cool artwork on the walls.The staff is super friendly and the prices are very reasonable.The first time, I tried the quiche of the day and garden salad. Both were delicious! The vegetables are so fresh and the homemade dressing on the salad was so tasty. The second time, I had the vegetarian sandwich and tomato soup and my husband had the meatloaf sandwich. Everything was outstanding again! The true star though, in my opinion, is their homemade bread that comes with the soup or salad. OMG, I can't get enough. I even had to buy a few extra slices to take home with me! I will definitely be dining here on a regular basis and I hope that employees at the neighboring companies take note and start frequenting this little gem of a cafe!
5	Excellent sandwiches and soups.  I've had the meatloaf sandwich and the egg salad sandwich, as well as their chicken tortilla soup.  The bread is unbelievable.  It's a hard place to find, but well worth the hunt.  The staff is incredibly friendly, and overall just a great lunch spot.
5	Jeanie and Patty are doing something right, fun place, awesome food and great service. The address says Ray road, but they actually face Rural Rd. (it's on the South/East corner of Ray and Rural). A little hard to find, but when you do, it's well worth the search!!
5	The tuna sandwich and vegetable soup were amazing! The place was bright and lively and the service extraordinary. Got to meet Patty and Jeanie, the owners, too and they have a great story. Nice spot for the local lunch club to meet. I will be back!
5	I so enjoy going to Cafe Cornucopia.  The owners make all of the food, and it is so delicious.  I have literally tried everything on the menu, and have yet to find anything that I do not like.  My favorite is the soup of the day with a small Greek salad.  So refreshing and tasty!  The meatloaf sandwich is awesome, when I'm in the mood for something more substantial.Try the potato salad as a side.  It reminded me of home in the Midwest.The baked goods are terrific, too.  The lemon bars taste just like my mom used to make, and she was a fantastic baker.They are on the southeast corner of Rural and Ray, on the west end of the shopping center, facing west.  Go and find them.
5	I work right around the corner from here I have seen many different restaurants come and go in this location so wasn't sure when I saw a sign for Cafe Cornucopia.  I probably wouldn't have checked them out had my g/f not told me how fabulous they were and wanted to meet there.  Boy, am I glad she suggested it.Everything truly is homemade and you can taste the quality.  I was debating what to have and when I asked about the corn chowder soup, she said they didn't use cream or butter so, I wasn't sure if it would be brothy (which I didn't want).  She immediately offered to get me a sample and it was delicious!  I had the cheddar and chili quiche with a side of the corn chowder soup.  It was FABULOUS!  The soup was the perfect texture - creamy - very hot and flavorful.  The soup comes with a side of bread which was so insanely good.The quiche was the perfect texture with a nice cheesy flavor and just a hint of kick from the chilis.  My g/.f had the turkey avocado sandwich with the tomato basil soup and she said both were fabulous (and they looked it)The service was friendly without being overbearing and you get a great vibe and can tell this is not a chain and they all really care about your experience.  I will definitely be back.
5	They make 500 different soups and each day they have at least 3 available but the one to really die for is their strawberry soup.  Everything there is excellent homemade quality and the staff is friendly and make you feel welcome like family.  You can get any combination of soup, sandwich, salad and quiche even if the combination you want  is not on the menu.
5	I have been driving by Cafe Cornucopia for months since it is right in my neighborhood. Since I couldn't see in the windows I had no idea what I was missing. The cafe is delightfully homey inside. You can sit at the counter, or at a table in one of two rooms. The Thai peanut chicken soup with sweet potatoes was amazing. It comes with a slice of the cafe's homemade bread, which is delicious. My husband had the asparagus quiche and the tomato basil soup, both of which were excellent. The owners are friendly and very accommodating. Eating at the Cornucopia Cafe is like being invited into someone's home to eat delicious home cooked food. It's not like Grandma's though because the decor is definitely stylish and a step above what Granda's house looks like. I am just disappointed that I didn't stop by months ago since I have been missing out on a true neighborhood gem.
5	Amazing sweet potato soup with pecans on top. Fall has arrived! Love this place! The food is so fresh and delicious!
5	Fresh lemonade is incredible!This is an exceptional lunch spot. I can't say enough good things about the food, everything is made on premises. The soups and quiche are just astounding. I have lunch and then I just generally grocery shop there and take home a few more meals, I like the food so much. The gals who run the place are absolutely hysterical. Most of the humor verges on the NO, you didn't just say that and I spend most of my time at the bar, thinking OMG as I wolf down my fresh turkey sandwich....These ladies are funny.  You love this place for lunch and laughs, I certainly do.
5	I have been driving by Cafe Cornucopia for months since it is right in my neighborhood. Since I couldn't see in the windows I had no idea what I was missing. The cafe is delightfully homey inside. You can sit at the counter, or at a table in one of two rooms. The Thai peanut chicken soup with sweet potatoes was amazing. It comes with a slice of the cafe's homemade bread, which is delicious. My husband had the asparagus quiche and the tomato basil soup, both of which were excellent. The owners are friendly and very accommodating. Eating at the Cornucopia Cafe is like being invited into someone's home to eat delicious home cooked food. It's not like Grandma's though because the decor is definitely stylish and a step above what Granda's house looks like. I am just disappointed that I didn't stop by months ago since I have been missing out on a true neighborhood gem.
3	Our party of four visited on a Saturday morning. Not a lot of breakfast choices as this appears to be more of a lunch place. There was a quiche option that two friends enjoyed. I was not feeling too hungry and asked for some of their home-baked bread with a bit of butter and jam. Simple request and the bread smelled heavenly. I asked how that sounded (since it wasn't on the menu) and the cashier replied, "not too good." I wasn't sure what that meant. Still not sure. But the bread was absolutely delicious regardless. They had a nice selection of hot teas and one of my friends enjoyed her meatloaf sandwich immensely. If you're in the area, you may want to try them for lunch. The menu is a bit limited but tasty.
5	Amazing homemade sandwiches and soups...will remind you of grandmas!  A half sandwich and cup of soup is more than enough to fill you up.  Their homemade bread has just the right amount of sweetness and tastes more like a dessert than "bread!".  The owners and staff are very warm and friendly.
5	Great service! The three women working and running the place are super friendly. The food is all made from scratch, a definite plus! I ordered a half turkey and cheese with avocado on whole grain wheat and a cup of broccoli cheese soup. The bread that came with the soup was buttered and slightly sweet. Delicious! She ordered the meatloaf sandwich. I had a bite. I'm not a big fan of meatloaf, but this was good! We both had fresh lemonades, one strawberry one tangerine. Both great! We split a lemon bar, yum! We will be back no doubt!
5	Awesome, fresh food and great service! Had the meatloaf sandwich with greek salad, you could smell the freshness of the  salad and sandwich and it was incredible. The ladies working are hilarious and very friendly, I felt like I was sitting at home in my own kitchen. Also, had the brownie that was incredible, I recommend this place, we're definitely coming back!
5	I'm a vegetarian, so I can only comment on those items...  Everything really is homemade and tastes like you momma just made you lunch :) The sandwich breads are always sooo fresh.  I've had the veggie and green chile sandwiches - both were good.  The soups are great - and they aways have a veggie broth based option.  The teas/lemonades are fantastic as well.   Lunch is a bit pricey...I typically spend about $10-12 - but I'd say it's worth it.
5	Quality food indeed. I ordered the 1/2 sandwich cup of soup specialThe sandwich was a warm one with applewood smoked ham, melted jack cheese, mild hatch green chile, cucumber, tomato, Dijon mustard, and mayo on on a marbled rye bread. The soup was roasted garlic. It wasn't overly thick, and had a great taste. They also give you a slice of awesome fresh back bread. I also ordered the tangerine lemonade and a glass of water. The lemonade was amazing and the water was definitely filtered. The food and the service were great. The only downside of this place is that they are not set up to get you through the line quickly. They hand write orders and if there are a few people in front of you it takes a few minutes to order. They don't rush anyone and offer samples. Which is great I only offer this up for full disclosure in case time is an issue. The place us not cheap either. I spent $15 on lunch because the lemonade was $3.25.  I didn't mind because it is definitely quality food and tasted wonderful. It was more than I planned on spending though. They knew a lot of the names of the customers so it obviously the care and get quite a few repeat customers.
5	Everything they make is amazing!! From their green chili quiche to their blueberry scones. They even catered our Thanksgiving dinner.  The service is like no other. I recommend this place and we eat there often.
5	I love this place!!  They make everything from scratch.  The meatloaf sandwich is my favorite and you have to try the potato salad, it's amazing!
5	Took my 6 year old to urgent care next door to this place. I saw the owners bring the secretary a lunch so I asked her about it. I'm so glad I went there! My boyfriend and I got a to go order(meatloaf sandwich, turkey, cheese, and avocado sandwich, and butternut squash soup). The owner brought the order to me and talked to my son(with his broken wrist). She played with him and then have him a DELICIOUS chocolate chip cookie! I was driving home I reached in and pulled out the buttered bread that came with the soup. It was the best bread I have ever tasted! I live 25 minutes from there, but have to make more trips to the urgent care for my sons injury! I can't wait to go back there! I really want to try everything there! I wonder if they can sell me a whole loaf of their bread??!!!
5	Very good home cooked food; prepared with care by a very friendly "mom & pop" type team.The location is tricky to find off of Rural South of Ray on the East side of the road.
5	Hard to beat the homemade goodness coming out of this place.  I've had every sandwich and several of the soups and quiches.  Nothing I've eaten here has been short of excellent.  I absolutely love the piece of bread that comes with the soup, just wish it was bigger. Favorites:  Chile Jack and meatloaf sandwiches
5	I had been to the original restaurant in Bisbee and just loved it. I was happy that the owners decided to move north and open in Tempe. Everyday/week they change their menu. Its homemade, delicious, and fresh.
5	I had the quiche today (broccoli) and it was excellent. Next time I want to try the green chile quiche, but the sandwiches also sounded amazing. I wish they were open on weekends because I don't work in the area. Today they had a fresh squeezed tangerine lemonade which was the perfect blend of sweet and tangy.  The service was friendly. They made me feel comfortable the moment I walked in because I wasn't sure where to order. This is the perfect local place to support.
5	I love to find a locally own restaurant. Nothing beats it! The owners of this delightful cafe are friendly and kind, as well as great cooks! The food is amazing. I have loved everything I've had there, from the quiche to the soup to the delicious lemonades, and for a treat, the scones.Highly recommended!
5	Sometimes you want to be where everybody knows your nameSuper homemade food w awesome staff. Great local flavor
5	If I could give this place 10 stars I would.  It's refreshing to dine at a restaurant that is 100% homemade. The meatloaf sandwich is the best meatloaf sandwich you'll ever eat. Their soup is equally good and served with a slice of homemade bread. From what I see there's not a wrong choice on the menu.  Give this place try, you won't be sorry.  Oh and don't forget the lemon bar!
5	Cheers!  It IS where the owners know your name!  And we go both 'cause they do (and also, the entertainment is free!) and the food, you can't beat!  Homemade, from scratch.......mmmm good.  Haven't had a thing I don't like, and I have recently accompanied it with the fresh squeezed tangerine or strawberry lemonade.  This luncheonette is amazing!  Patti and Jeannie you guys are THE best!  Keep up the good work!
1	I don't know which was worse.....the prices or the customer service. This place is expensive for the quality of what comes out. The staff was rude and very short. I will not be going back!
5	Super Duper  "Souper" with a sandwich, quiche  or salad.  Don't look for it on Ray, or you will miss it!  It faces Rural. The sad news is that they are not opened on the weekends.  We asked if we could buy a loaf of their bread and learned that you have to order it a day ahead. One of the owners followed us out after we had our lunch and introduced herself, and said that the day was almost over and she had two loafs left if we wanted it. You bet! She told us that it is made without preservatives, and so three days was it's shelf life. Yeah..like it will last that long with us! Love it!  I loved the counter service, takes ya back to the days when you were a kid and had lunch at your local soda jerk drug store. It gives you a feeling of neighborhood friendliness. It will be our new place to go, for great food, and friendly atmosphere.
5	What a gem. And to think I've been by here a thousand times and didn't take the time to investigate. Well, today was the day, and boy, was it sure good! Very "down homey" food that left me feeling completely satisfied when I was finished. The meatloaf sandwich was way better than I expected, as was the chili and the tangerine lemonade. Looking forward to trying the wonderful-looking sweets.
2	Not a 5 star experience for me - the greek salad and meatloaf sandwich i ordered were average (zero culinary expertise with either of these) and it was  pricey!!  The bread that came with the salad was good, as was the cookie , but I can not see myself coming back here.  Not a neighborhood 'gem' for me.
5	The ladies who run this place are fantastic. Great with names and faces, even better with quiche and desserts! Lunch specials could have slightly better pricing, but homemade food like mom used to make isn't cheap these days.
5	Wonderful place to eat !   The food is amazing and the staff is a delight.  A must try !
5	Followed the other reviews on Yelp and so glad we did!!! The food was fresh and full of flavor...yum! Meatloaf sandwich was better than moms, soup was delicious too! Finished up with homemade cookies. The owner was welcoming and very kind. Highly recommend this place.
5	What can I say? I love this place! Real good food made with care and love. The soups and quiches are always fantastic, and the bread served as a side is dense and sweet and delicious. The sandwiches are the weakest point in the menu, but that's like saying the lock is the weak point in safe. In other words, they're really good too. Daily specials offset the small regular menu, so there's always something new to try. And be sure to try the tangerine lemonade. Soooo good.
5	If you haven't been - Go!! Everything is great!! From their homeade simple salad dressing to the lemon squares!! Both I can't live without!! Jeanie & Patty make this place THE place to lunch at! Their memory for names is outstanding too!!The only bad part is they aren't open longer & more - but they need a (happy) life too!!Love this place!
3	Overall this place is definitely home style which is a plus. Food is good but not outstanding. I got the greek salad and since it had no meat in it i added chicken so it cost me over $12 and I was still hungry after (more of a side salad really). In another visit i had the Meatloaf sandwich which was good and the homemade bread they give you on the side with some of the meals is tasty as well.The major issue is its pricey for want you get, otherwise would be a higher rating.
5	This place is wonderful!  Food is always fresh and delicious.  We come here at least 3 times a week for lunch and are never disappointed.  The soups are to die for and they have the best lemon bar I have ever had!  Best part is the owners...they are so sweet and make a point to know all their customers!
4	Had the chicken tortilla soup and it was wonderful! Also had the meatloaf sandwich, which was very good, but didn't think it was something to rave about. The bread was outstanding. A little pricey for lunch, but well worth going to on occasion. Staff was friendly and very helpful. I like this place a lot. Will definitely go back and try other menu items.
5	We found Cafe Cornucopia on yelp and had am amazing lunch. I ordered the Greek salad. The romaine lettuce was so fresh and crisp and the salad had a delicious lemon dressing. They gave both my husband and I a sample of the sous.. DE-lish. Will go back to Phoenix from Tucson just to have lunch here again
5	I never have written a review on Yelp, but the quality and the deliciousness of the food compelled me to write a review for this neighborhood cafe. The salads, sandwiches, baked goods, bread, and lemonade are of superior quality! All made in  house. Not to mention the friendly staff and owners who are always there helping prepare the quality cuisine! Go, you will not be disappointed.
5	tastey homestyle food made from scratch. the green chile quiche was excellent. plan on going back for the meatloaf sandwich.
5	Every time I come to town this is my #1 stop for the best quiche,salads and meatloaf sanwiches oh excuse me I have to take another bite delish!!
5	WOW...real homemade food!  These gals from Bisbee really know what they're doing in the kitchen.  My wife LOVED the spinach quiche and I LOVED the meatloaf sandwich...and we both LOVED the fabulous lemon square for dessert.  Fresh bread complimented both of our dishes.  We definitely recommend giving this place a try, just remember they're only open M - F.
3	I stopped by today for a late lunch. First time here. The ladies behind the counter are very nice. You can tell they take pride in there business. It was very easy to find and well decorated and comfortable. I was not very hungry so just got the special, half sandwich and a small potato salad, the sandwich was very good and the potato salad was potato salad, I've had better and worse.The shocker for me was the price, $14+$1 tip for a half sandwich and an ice tea is a bit much for lunch.Will i go back! maybe
3	Eh. It was ok. My husband and I decided to visit after reading the pretty good yelp reviews. The ladies behind the counter were super friendly, great customer service, which is so rare now-a-days. My husband and I both got 1/2 sandwiches, soup and salad and 2 desserts and it ended up being $40 ($48 after tip) - kinda pricey for a sandwich place. I would have much rather gone to Paradise Bakery.Despite the reviews, I didn't enjoy the meatloaf sandwich, it was way too bulky for a sandwich and was loaded with mayo - yuck. Tangerine lemonade was boring, not enough flavor (Pita Jungle is way better), but the strawberry lemonade was tasty. My husband's ribeye sandwich was ok, the sauce was pretty good. The lemon bar was pretty yummy however the fruit in the peach cobbler was hard; I like my peach cobbler filling soft. Again, great customer service, but wont be going back.
5	I can't begin to tell you how much I love this place! The food is fabulous. Everything is made from scratch, and is so fresh. I dream about their salad dressing and their home made bread. Beyond the wonderful food are the owners Jeanie and Patty. Amazing women who know you by name and treat you like family. I highly recommend this place and everything on the menu. You can't go wrong!
4	Mozzarella and spinach quiche too cheesy. Mexican meatball soup was amazing. Meatloaf sandwich was good. Tangerine lemonade was really good. Freshly squeezed. Nice environment. Artwork on walls for sale.
5	The food is flavorful - perfect!  The people were friendly and very personable.I ate:Meatloaf sandwich on marbles rye: amazing!Potato salad: goodFresh-squeezed tangerine lemonade: wow!I would not hesitate to order this exact meal again. The potato salad was very good, but the flavor of the meatloaf sandwich was so good that it skewed the rating of the meatloaf from awesome down to good.
4	Pretty cute spot - the highlight really is the friendly staff and clean interior.  The food itself is fair and fairly priced.  I'm typically not a sandwich lunch kind of person but my wife is.  We tried the meatloaf sandwich, potato salad, quiche, and a salad.  Also a lemon bar dessert for my wife.  All were tasty and fairly straightforward.I say if you are in the area give this place a try.
5	We had a group of 17 for a week day lunch.  The staff and owners treated us as if we were out of town visiting relatives.  They arranged the seating so we could converse without being in that stiff long banquet configuration.  We had sandwiches, soup, salads, quiche and even the lemon squares.  We had it all.  Even the coffee was good.   All the food servings were generous and tasty but most notably every item was fresh and imaginative.  It is refreshing to see staff and owners dedicated to quality food and pleasant service.   Even the bread was homemade.  An all around satisfying experience
5	Oh my goodness....why didn't I stop here 2 years ago?? This place is fun, yummy, and just awesome. My family and I went here on a Friday afternoon. It's small and quaint...just perfect. I wish I remembered everyone's names because they remembered all of ours! They took time to go over all the menu items and even how they started the family business. Everything's homemade every morning. We had green chile quiche, chilli, broccoli cheddar soup, meatloaf sandwich, ham and cheese sandwich, and lemon bar. We don't have one complaint. Only wish that we came here years ago! They were taking orders for Thanksgiving pies which was awesome!!! They do custom pie orders too!! We will be back for sure. Oh yeah one complaint they aren't open on the weekend boo! LOL love this place and love Jeanine (hope I spelled it right)
5	This place is a true find. Tucked away on the side of a building facing Rural Road, it's hard to spot. The two ladies who run it are pros. The food is homemade. Today I had tomato basil soup, an incredibly fresh Greek salad and half of a meatloaf sandwich. I also purchased their lemon bars ,which are delicious, because my daughters live in Chandler and love them. Make an effort to eat here, it's worth it.
5	I had a pretty bad chest cold and was looking for some great homemade chicken soup! After looking thru Yelp I discovered Cafe Cornucopia. I don't know how I haven't been to this place yet?I called ahead and asked about the chicken soup, which they had, and when I walked in I was greeted playfully. One of my favorite things about this place is the feeling you get just walking in and meeting the wonderful ladies cooking and obviously running the place. It looks like they put two locations together the small cafe where they cook and make all sorts of deliciousness and an adjacent room where you can sit and be waited on by their cheerful staff.The chicken soup was perfect. Right amount of flavor (still came thru with my cold), filled with lots of white meat chicken, small shell pasta, carrots and seasoned really well. It hit the spot and i feel better already!I noticed some fresh baked lemon bars and thought I'd try one. I was not disappointed there either. Just the right amount of tart and sweet, the crust was perfect. I'll try to save some for my wife when she gets home from work.I'm looking forward to returning and trying some different dishes!
4	I've driven by this place for the longest time and finally tried it with a friend from work on our lunch hour.  The staff was so friendly and welcoming - I tried the quiche Lorraine and loved it!  It was huge and I ate every bite.  The outside is nondescript which probably does not help attract customers but if you are in the neighborhood and looking for something besides fast-food I highly recommend it.
5	GO! I have only been here once and absolutely loved it! Everything was fresh, homemade and just down right YUMMY! The, made right when you order it ,Tangerine Lemonade is sooooo good I don't even have any words. My chicken noodle soup was perfect and when I go back I will be getting the meatloaf sandwich as I heard it was "great" but they had just ran out:(  It's a cute little place and the ladies there are so friendly.
5	Mouth watering food, friendly and energetic customer service and overall fantastic experience. The food is delicious! I will be back soon!
4	Kind service but not overly friendly--no flair or grinning here. I enjoyed my quiche and soup, though I was skeptical when I saw it was warmed in a microwave. But it was cheesy and tasty.
