5	Great food great prices. Love it.
5	Id safely say this place deserves all five of those pretty starts above.I live not too far down the road and forget who told me to try this place a couple years ago but I owe them a tasty ruben sandwich!The place is very quaint and all but hidden unless you were looking for it. Do not let the outside fool you, your favorite grandma and uncle are inside waiting to make you a tasty treat!I do not like sour croute, heck I cant even spell it.. tried it on a sandwich here.. yup.. ill be ordering it again! The bread, pickles and the fresh brewed raspberry tea is to die for.Couple perks I see thus far.. the sweet little old lady and the guy who is warm and welcoming remind me of family. Also being they are on the west side of the street and the building has an overhang in the afternoons you park in their shade. lol well its a bonus to me. The place is clean, people are top notch and the food is something you wont forget.Price btw is not my main concern when I find a place but its a added value here. The food is under priced if anything, thats ok with me, they just get a more generous tip :)Try this local deli and the yummy treats they make as well!-Shawn
5	Food is good every time I have come here. Don't let the outside and inside scary you a way. It's a little run down and old, but the food is good and reasonable priced. They also have great fudge. Yum.
5	Wonderful atmosphere!  I have been passing this little diner for years on my way to work, and was finally able to stop for those famous "Biscuits and Gravy" touted on the sign.  I was so pleased!  The food tastes like love and pride.  The staff is friendly and warm, and the food is served hot and well-prepared.  Went back a week later and had a reuben, just as delicious!  I am thinking of going again today!
4	Came here early one morning after hearing such good things about it. I drove by it everyday and had no idea that inside was a awesome little place to grab a bite. Ordered the biscuits and gravy that were on special. Came with a side of hashbrowns that had some peppers and onions mixed in. Great food, super friendly staff, and very reasonably priced.
4	A very good little shop. When I entered I was greeted by a very nice man working the register, he was patient with me as he took the time to explain the menu items to me. I ended up ordering a bacon bagel sandwich and biscuits and gravy for my wife and I to split, along with a bar of fudge(It is a fudge shop after all).  The breakfast was good, but the fudge was great. I'll definitely back for lunch some time, and grab fudge from this shop every so often. Great service, great food, this is my kind of place.
1	The pastrami was awesome, only putting 3 skimpy slices in a sandwich is what sucked.  To pay $7 for a sandwich and have to ask "where's the beef", is not cool.  What a dissappointment !!!!!!!!  They made the dean's list for a 100% county food inspection, which is why we wanted to try it.
5	I feel sad for waiting so long to review this place. I have been coming here for years. They always have a good lunch. The soups are always great, and they give you good value for the money. I recommend the The works and any bowl of soup. Always good.
5	This place is one of the businesses that makes Mesa special and unique I love it the staff and the food are amazing!
5	Great food and friendly people. I go there on a regular basis and have never been disappointed.
