4	The Paper Rack is a very handy newsagents indeed and stocks all your newsagent needs including a great range of knock out painkillers which is exactly what I needed on my visit. My head had been killing me all day and I was stressed about not making it on time to a tour I'd booked. I get stressed pretty easily.Paper Rack came up trumps with a good selection of painkillers tucked away behind the counter. I snapped up a packet of Nurofen and proceeded to go about my business headache free. The guy who served me was very friendly and helpful too so thumbs up!
5	A newsagent's can only be so good I suppose, but with the rip-off haven of the Royal Mile just a few yards away, I really can't think of a better option round here for fags, chewing gum, scratchcards or gossip fuelled tabloids.With a selection of mags that almost rivals International Newsagents down the road, minus the foreign ones, it's very well stocked, and they also sell the fantastic Brannigan's crisps, the king of potato snacks and often annoyingly awkward to find.
4	I used to make regular visits to The Paper Rack on my way between Edinburgh Uni buildings at George Square and The Mound. I have some sort of messed up metabolism and need to eat about every 30 minutes. I don't like eating a lot of snacks and junk food so having a purveyor of some healthier alternative (a rare find) on my route is great. On my visits I would buy from their great selection of cereal and smoothie bars to fulfil my calorie needs.Having said this The Paper Rack does have a good selection of snacks and junk food as well as (for some reason) decent quality tinned biscuits. As has already been mentioned they also have a good selection of papers and magazines, a must for all newsagents.The staff serving me were always on the phone but managed to still be perfectly pleasant. They seemed to charge me something different every time for the same item, but it was always cheaper than the other nearby newsagent.
4	It's your bog-standard newspaper shop really. Nobody really loved going to the newsagents, do they? It's pretty good though, lots of food and lots of options for lunch at a pretty reasonable price.It's clean-ish, and there is always stock waiting to be put away, but it's good nevertheless.
4	This is a decent newsagents seeing as it so close to the city centre. The prices are a little higher than newsagents just outside of the central area, but not extortionate. I have actually just been in here and was quite busy, as you would expect during the festival, but they had two staff on and the queue was very quick and the lady serving me very polite.They have a good range of papers and magazines as you would expect from the name of the shop but they also have a good deal of other items as well including fruit right at the front of the shop, which is a great way of picking up a healthy snack instead of the sweets, biscuits and crisps that are also sold here.I quite frequently come here before going to Waverley train station where I stock up on some for for the journey and this helps avoid the criminal prices some of the food outlets charge.
1	Recently visited this store and disappointed at the prices charged .
