5	Wow - John and Rob were my saviors!  After months and months of wedding planning, flowers were the one thing that I put off.  I checked out several different places and didn't have any luck finding someone who would work with a limited budget yet still be able to create something beautiful.  I had just about given up until a friend mentioned Flora Bella.  I called and told them my dilemma - my wedding is in two weeks and I have a small budget!  No worries, they said, we'll take care of you....and that's what they did!  We worked together to create a simple and elegant centerpiece and gorgeous bouquets.  I received exactly what I wanted for a reasonable price, and couldn't have been happier!  On a side note, they aren't necessarily in the store or available by phone during their business hours but rest assured, if you leave a message they'll get right back to you!
5	Flora Bella really rocked!!!  They did an amazing job on the Ronald McDonald - A McNight to Remember Gala this evening.  Thanks Rick and Krista too - you guys kept us laughing.  The decor set up was flawless and they delivered beyond expectations.
5	More than florists, they are wizards and creative masters.  Have designed several charity events for our group ( ballroom & table decor, as well as the look of the entire event).  Always create a gasp of WOW when our guests walk into the room.  From start to finish, John and Rob are pros and a delight to work with.
1	I wish I could give Flora Bella a "Minus Star" rating.  My wedding is this Saturday, I just received an email from Rob saying "oops, I just found your paperwork -- FROM JANUARY -- guess we dropped the ball and aren't doing your wedding."Ya think??!!  Despite my venue -- Sanctuary on Camelback Resort -- recommending Flora Bella, and their agreement, in writing, to be the florist for my wedding, these guys completely dropped the ball.  Failed to send a proposal, or contract, left me hanging for over a month...I HIGHLY RECOMMEND FLOWERS BY JODI!!!
4	All these beyond incredible creations and works of art your florist have done through flowers!! I can't even look through the complete collection of your couture flowers. My head hurts and I have a knot in my stomach - I kid you NOT!! Bravo!! I will return at a later date to finish looking at these masterpieces. I give my brain a rest - REALLY Thank you for that.
