1	I've been coming here for a few years for nails, waxing, and my pedicure. This place used to be very reasonably priced and I like the people that work there but they recently remodeled and hired a few new people & jacked their prices up considerably. Whenever I called to make appts with my normal person (Cindi), I was always pushed off to the new guy. He has done my nails four or five times now and he does a horrible job on them. They are much too thick and have been lifting between fills. The last time I was there, he really cut up my cuticles & burnt my ankles with the callous remover they use on your heels. I told Cindi I wasn't happy with him and she just laughed and made a joke about me wanting my money back! It's very insulting to me when I easily drop $70 plus tip, everytime I go in there, then she makes jokes about me wanting my money back. How about just giving me what I pay for, rather than beauty school quality work? I just feel very let down that they don't seem to value me as a customer by placing me with a technician that doesn't know what he's doing. I went around the corner to a newer salon in the Fry's shopping center. They have a much nicer salon, the same massage chairs, and they're much more competitively priced and they do a MUCH better job. I'm sad to leave this salon but I don't feel like they'll miss my business considering how they acted when I complained. I was paying far too much considering the quality of the technicians work and I'm done going there.
4	I usually don't write reviews but I just got back from Nails Unlimited and am SO happy. The price was amazing for the quality of work and customer service my friends and I received. We work in the same complex as the salon and decided to stop by after work, it was the perfect way to unwind. They were so accommodating and quick to fit us in! The hand massage and pedicure massage with the hot rocks was wonderful. All of these treatments, including gel manicures for all four of us in an hour. They are also extremely clean there! They opened a new kit for each of my friends and would scrub down the pedicure tank after use. Can't forget to mention those sweet ladies there were so personable and hilarious. Let's just say we'll be treating ourselves after work much more often!
4	these is my first time to try these nail salon and my experienced is very great. all the staff were very friendly and nice. they won't make you feel bored. the lady who owns the place was funny and talkative. she's nice and knows how to care for there clients. they did an excellent job for my hand nails and toe nails. I recommend these place.
