4	Wellington has grown into a pretty vibrant street, and Joblo has definitely helped with its arrival! From the outide with its simple neon sign, I felt a bit of odd apprehension, but when I got in, it was amazing! (Picture Giant Horse Lamps and Machine Gun Lamps... I know, you can't, right?) Brick wall, painted wall, a wall with little sparkly tiles, and these overhead lamps that reminded me of spiders!The menus are still in its "ghetto" phase (photocopy pages, without formatting ie. using line breaks) which my Toronto friends commented that its the first time they've seen a crowd so big at a resto with paper menus.The menu doesn't disappoint, we did a 3 person split on nachos, mac and cheese, and a pork burger with swiss, apple, and coleslaw. The items all have cute names, Like The Hula Hoop, Miss Beauchamp, etc. and the food was generously portioned & delish!  For dessert we split the Chocolate Mousse and "White Cake" Cake, and a slice of the coconut pie. Although service took a wee bit longer, it was really busy, but honestly, Verdun, you've come a long way, and Joblo - amazing!
3	I would come back for the apps, ambience, friendly staff, and maybe I'd stick to pork or smoked meat for the main. All of the beef burgers here are cooked well done, no choice offered from what we experienced, and that plus something in the grind of the beef left the patty tasting grainy and unappetizing. I went in hungry enough to eat a horse lamp (they have those) and ended up maoing through much of the oversized portion of fries and the burger bun and toppings and everything else around, rather than eat the meat itself. This is a problem in a burger joint, in my humble opinion, but there's certainly lots of other stuff to like about JoBlo.
2	We had heard a lot of good things and decided to grab a burger there one Friday night.  We started with the sausage pogos and they were quite tasty, but the casing was so firm they were difficult to eat.When I ordered, I asked for the burger to be as rare as it could be, medium rare being my preference.I was informed that it was illegal to serve a burger cooked less than well done if the meat is not ground on the premises.  When my burger (called Le Madame Beauchamp) arrived it was definitely well done.  The texture was dry and a bit crumbly and even the coleslaw didn't really help.  The processed orange cheese was a let down too.  For a 15$ burger, it did not meet expectations.A fun looking place, but for 15$ you would think they could at least use real cheese and grind their own meat.  I'll pass next time.
4	The food was excellent: I took the mac'n'cheese, which was pretty good, and the size of their plates is just too big! The staff was really cool, even if we had a turbulent kid who just wanted to play around in the restaurant.
5	Excellent food, ambiance and pricing. The soup of the day was red pepper, cauliflower and garlic - delicious and the pepper sauce burger was fresh and well served. I really liked the waiters dress code and the decoration of the place. Very recomendable.
3	Be HUNGRY! Large portions ahead if you eat here. Everyone seemed genuinely pleased with their orders (sloppy joe for me, two western burgers and two veggie options). Coleslaw a little too spicy for me but otherwise all good. Neat, clean, good service, good prices, nice selection of drinks (had the Margarita quite potent and well-mixed-though a little heavy on the rim salt). Back to the Sloppy Joe...carnivore heaven! Well sauced, nice big chunks of the chicken and the pork that you could taste through the beefy Sloppy Joe handmade yummy sauce.Next time I'll have a Pimms on the terrace with a Purple Haze veggie burger.
3	I couldn't decide whether to award 3 or 4 stars to JoBlo because I think my review sits at around 3.5ish.. Here's why:Pros:1. Awesome decor - they have really cool pieces of furniture here unlike any restaurant I've ever seen2. Nice ambiance - when you're sitting here, you feel like you've been transported back a few decades and it's done quite well3. Their portions are MASSIVE - I've been twice and have never been able to finish my meal!4. Prices are pretty average5. Service is goodCons1. The food is just OK.. Nothing out of this world. I've had both the Mac n cheese (quite good) and the smoked meat sandwich (have had better) and have nothing to rave about. Their sloppy joe nachos were pretty good though... But that's about it from my experience2. Their drinks are disappointing - I've tried a total of five different cocktails here and none of them have been good..... So, although there are more pros than cons, they don't do so well in the department most importantly pertaining to a restaurant which is flavor.So an overall funky restaurant which mediocre food and drink..meh..
