4	A very coo place, with plenty of indoor rock climbing walls. I first went there with my brother Matt. He dragged me there, because he'd been there before and said it was pretty awesome, me, well I was a little scared of heights.  But not anymore, thanks to InnerPeaks (Just kidding I'm still scared of heights, but that's what makes life exciting, right?)  To get started I had to rent the climbing equipment, including shoes, harness, belays, etc, I think it came to a total of around $25.  then it was go time.  I was a little nervous and I guess the guy at the desk could smell fresh meat, cause he asked me if it was my first time, and I cannot tell a lie, so I told him it was.  Then they took me to a nook of the main floor, which is like a gymnastics floor covered in huge rock climbing walls.  It smells of chalk and the floors are soft and covered in carpet.  I was walked to a corner of the room, near the lockers and watched a video about the proper climbing and belaying procedures, always be in communication with your belay partner..."Climb On"!Then it was off to the walls...Inner Peaks has a ton of different walls for varying skill levels.  I started with the beginner walls which have a slight slope and aren't completely vertical like some of the intermediate walls.  After summitting the first wall I was exhilarated,overcoming my fear of heights and using my brain and muscles to find my way to the top.  So I moved onto the bigger walls toward the front of the place. It had more difficult grips, spaced in a more challenging way, after some effort I made it to the top of this wall, as well.  Rock climbing is an awesome sport, great exercise, challenging both mentally and physically and it helps you use all of your muscles, especially your legs,fingers and forearms.  But that could also be because I'm not using the proper technique.Either way InnerPeaks is awesome, not only do they have some hard core walls that wrap around the entire interior of the building, but they also have little stations where you can work on your grips, techniques and strength training.  And there is a whole section devoted solely to bouldering, like rock climbing, but closer to the ground and without the need for a lot of the equipment.  that means its a lot cheaper to just boulder. But that also takes away the thrill of climbing 30+ feet in the air supporting yourself on nothing but tiny plastic grips and your own determination. So for me it was worth it to pay the $25, get a nice work-out and feel the thrill of being alive and pushing boundaries. InnerPeaks is a great place, check it out, its also the only indoor climbing facility in Charlotte. They offer classes and  programs for all skill levels. Rock climbing is a great activity to engage in with your friends and family,(perfect place to take the kids) what better way to build camaraderie than by pushing the limits and living on the edge (all in a safe and controlled environment).
4	Nice place and the staff is very willing to help. You have to watch a safety video first to get the hang of it but the safety harness stuff is pretty simple...it is climbing the rocks that is hard.I took my daughter there and for the climbing and equipment it cost about $25. She loved it.The location is kinda tough to find it is in the back of an industrial park so you have to watch the signs and go slowly.I've seen birthday parties there so it looks like the take care of kids pretty good also.
4	i like this place a lot. it's big, the people and staff are friendly, it's not crowded. the routes are challenging.. the rental shoes fit really well too!  my only complaint is trying to do boulder with a v1 right next to a whole bunch of crazy guys doing leads. mm yea, not a great ego booster when you fail a v1 next to them.
5	My home away from home! I love this place! I have been climbing at IP for the last year and I have nothing but great things to say about it.The venue: Beautiful-clean ...a little warm at times but nothing heart-attack inducing. This year they added a whole new section of the gym- and even a yoga studio! In addition to clinics and climbing classes they also offer these aerial dance classes that while I haven't had a chance to try- are awesome from what I hear.  New routes put up monthly (on avg)...Price: Considering how nice the gym is $50 for a monthly membership (includes free rentals) isn't too terrible... it's gone up from last year but they have almost doubled in size so I can't complain here. They have cheaper college nights - and its free the first time you go with a member!  The Staff: Everyone is always so helpful and friendly- they almost always remember your name ... its definitely a nice group of people.Other: This is a great ice-breaker date, awesome place to bring friends from out-of town...A big change up to your regular tired work-out routine..and even a wonderful place for kids. Safety is their highest priority you are learning in a controlled environment .****ALSO for those who find it difficult to find what I do is look for the large white Inner Peaks van that is almost always parked out front - turn in there and drive to the back of the parking lot.
1	Ive been a member of IP for almost two years (even considering it a second home). I put a hold on my membership for the holidays and decided with Grad school that I couldnt afford the membership and really didnt have the time for it. I wrote an email using their contact us form and never heard anything back.Next thing I know almost two months later they are hitting me with a $172 charge! They did offer to reimburse one month and give me 5 days free initially. I don't think it's considered "free" if I technically already paid for it. The woman who I dealt with said she didnt receieve emails and that I needed to fill out a special form. I am not sure why I was never contacted when I suddenly appeared to not be paying my membership despite the fact that I had always done so in the past- I never climbed once during this period obviously since I had thought everything was taken care of. The woman was unwilling to work with me at all. I did not want to pay for Jan (considering its the 7th) - the month literally just started at least cut me some slack there. The customer service is obviously lacking since I have brought them tons of business in the past ( signed up several friends and my cousin is on team now). They did finally agree to take away Dec/Jan fee's but I am still paying about $70 just because they apparently never received my email. Oh and I was also told not to return because I "hung up." How is that for friendly service?! It was one of the most frustrating calls Ive made in a long time. I know they have let ex-employees who were fired due to drug related activities continue to climb so I have to feel a bit offended that I am banned. I will be going to The White Water Center or outdoors for all my climbing kicks. Be careful if you sign up for a membership- and send emails via your own account so you have copies- I learned a huge lesson here.
5	As far as climbing gyms go - this one's top notch, coming from a climber with 15years of experience - you'd be surprised what kind of conditions some 'gyms' are in.  If you're in love with the sport - this gym is committed to new routes, with quality and a healthy positive attitude in the gym.  If you are spending more than one night a week climbing - then a membership seem's the route to go.  For 80$ a month you can include the yoga sessions that are included - at a comparable price to the YMCA, it's a tough choice as there is a bit of cardio fitness equipment at Inner Peaks, but it doesn't have the wide base of equipment and programs the Y does.  It would be a tough choice as a family - but as an individual, I prefer the mental puzzle and challenge of rock climbing to just the physical challenge of 'gym' work.  So if you're looking for a different space and workout routine, come visit Inner Peaks.On that note there is an arial dance class held at Inner Peaks: (http://innerpeaks.com/instruction/aerial-dance-workshop/) tuesday's and Saturdays - I haven't tried it yet - but I SO want to work it into my schedule.....and maybe run off and join the circus when I get the hang of it.If you're headed there for the first time - or are a new climber - remember to ask, ask, ask - ask the staff for tips, ask other climbers for belays - be friendly and go to meet people, not stay in your own corner.
5	This climbing gym is excellent. A wide array of bouldering and top-roping problems, some lead climbing areas and friendly staff.Their bouldering problems are rated a little higher than they actually are (there are a couple V5s that are more like V2+s...) but I'm generally happy with everything they have. For a whopping $55/month you can have unlimited climbing.Generally everyone in the gym is nice; there are some shirtless, washboard-ab boys who can send V6s and higher that will give you weird looks and ignore you, but aside from that you should find everyone is friendly and willing to give you some beta if you ask (or some times if you don't).
4	It was a great experience and something new and different to check out. The price was like $45 for 2 people and worth it.
5	Love this place. I'm nowhere near being a pro or even an enthusiast of rock climbing, but Inner Peaks makes it amazing. Every time I've had the pleasure of visiting, the staff has been funny and super friendly. Willing to show you around the facility and introduce you to all that they offer. One of my favorite things at Inner Peaks is the different walls. Some of the walls are only meant for bouldering and others are for top-rope climbing. Great to split up the areas as it can get super busy and super fast. My ABSOLUTE favorite thing about the gym is the slackline. I've been a slackliner for several years and love that there is always one set up (unless there is a class going on in that area) and super easy to use. If you're a regular climber and are looking for the killer workout a couple times a week, you'll look far past the coin it will cost you to join and maintain a membership. Go with another member first. If its your absolute first time and you go with a member, it's absolutely FREE! So rad. If you go in on Mondays, its half price admission. Definitely the premier climbing gym in all of Charlotte. Love it. Maybe one day I'll get a full-fledged membership!
4	Inner Peaks is an excellent place for indoor climbing and for training for serious outdoor climbing. There is a knowledgeable staff as well as equipment for rental. Only negative is that it gets a little boring after a couple of hours unless you are absolutely serious about climbing.
4	This place is amazing. The staff are so nice and very helpful. Ive been 2 times now, and I can't wait to go back.One of the coolest, unadvertised things about inner peaks is college night. College night is every Wednesday and is only $12 for entry including shoe and harness rental. All you do is show college id. I really just wish it was a lot cheaper, but if you are serious about a good workout this is an amazing place.
4	I made it to the top- that's all that matters!Love this place.
5	It has been years since I've been to Inner Peaks, so I thought now that I have a two year old I would experiment and see if he liked to climb too. We walked in and the manager was super helpful and thought it was a great idea to see if our little man liked to climb. He even said to not worry about the day pass because who knows if our little guy would even like it. I was shocked because that never happens at businesses! Now thats customer service!So he got our 2yr old all suited up in a full harness and off we went to try a wall. Well sadly my boy wasn't feeling it and the manager told us to keep trying and he would check on us in a bit. After trying a couple different routes, we tried just letting him hang on some low jugs and that's when he started to have fun. For some reason he didn't like being attached to the rope. But after a few minutes he was done.So we came to the front and I thanked the manager again for his help and allowing us to try it out first. We will definitely be back and the climbing wall in our son's room will be the next project!
3	I'm new to climbing so I've not got much to compare this place to. So far I've loved the place and have had no qualms except that the music selection. Mix it up guys... Something other than classic rock, please. Good hours, nice staff (a little absent at times but still genuinely nice and helpful), clean place, some of the holds slip which is not good so sure they could work on tightening ish up especially since we're climbing on it and can get seriously hurt. Monday nights get busy. Other wise it's pretty chill.
5	the gym is great, and the people that work there are too!
4	Great gym. Love the space and the walls. They have slack line also. Many different routes for beginners to advanced climbers. On weekends it's usually not so busy. Atleast that has been my experience in the 5 to 6 visits in the few months.They have few auto belay routes with one or 2, 5.10 routes. So it's good to climb as a solo on some harder routes without a belayer as there is auto belay. The bouldering section is huge with plenty of overhang routes. Everything is good except one thing. The bulletin board to find climbing buddies or belayers, is not very effective. There are rarely any advertisements by other climbers for buddies. Looks like people come here after they get hooked. It's difficult get a call or request through the bulletin board for climbing buddies. So you better have someone to go with or ask around the gym to catch you. I usually go solo, and ask around. Haven't had much luck finding regular climbing partners through the advertisement on the bulletin board.That's why I am giving this gym 4 stars rating. Else everything is cool.One more thing: Staff is very friendly and have happy faces.Climb On!
3	This place was alright. I have been to climbing gyms throughout the San Francisco, Oakland, Portland, Chicago, New Jersey, Connecticut, and Paris and while they all have their quirks, a couple things about Inner Peaks bugged me. As a disclaimer, this is only in reference to bouldering as I did not do any top roping at Inner Peaks.I was surprised that they never asked my friend and I if we had climbed before. A lot of gyms, once they find out that you've been climbing for a while, don't bother with a safety rundown, just a waiver and you're off. Inner Peaks didn't ask any questions, and instead had us watch a video and go through a tour/orientation after signing their waiver. This isn't that bad, but instead of being informative about the gym, both the video and orientation just repeated that climbing is dangerous a bunch of times.Most gyms have different ways of marking problems, but what they do not tend to vary is the grading system. In North America, the Hueco "V" scale is generally used, and it is indeed in use at Inner Peaks. The difficulty is that they have most of their routes labeled with a points system. There is a legend on the wall that converts their points to the "V" scale, which isn't very intuitive. This was not mentioned at all during our orientation.The other thing was the general vibe of the place. This is kind of hard to describe and could absolutely be the conditions of the particular day that I went. One thing that I really like about climbing is that, for the most part, the community is very laid back, friendly and enthusiastically helpful. The staff here was nice, but seemed totally uninterested in what they were doing. Maybe they found the orientation process to be annoying too. Beyond that, the other people in the gym were not the typical friendly climbing bunch that I'm used to. I got the feeling that they were bothered that I was in their space. It all felt very unwelcoming.In general, the facility has a decent amount of bouldering and looks to have some good lead climbing and top roping. It's not a very social bunch, but like I said, that could have just been the conditions of that particular day. It seems to be the best climbing gym in Charlotte though, so if you're in the area, give it a go and maybe you'll have a better experience than I did.
4	I've been going to Inner Peaks off and on for seven years or so. What impresses me is that every few years they renovate, expand, freshen up or add something new.  No, that's not a list of all the same thing- they have done each individually over the years.The indoor climbing area includes:1. Beginner Walls2. Bouldering and lead cave3. Free-standing boulder4. More advanced routes (lead included)5. Moon board6. Slackline and training area7. Upstairs cardio/weights (full dumbbell set, treadmill, bikes, kettles, etc)8. Yoga studio with classes at 6:30pm 2x a week9. Stuff for the kiddos- birthday parties and climbing teamI guess now I need a number ten...monthly memberships includes yoga + climbing but this is a great place to learn about climbing on a rainy day or take a second or third date.If you have a buddy that's a member- Monday is where it is at- you'll get in for half price with them.This is a solid gym for NC - the walls aren't the  tallest but they are constantly improving and striving to make climbing accessible for those looking for a fun thing to try and for those training for their next outdoor send.
4	I can't believe I haven't written a review yet!I've been a member of Inner Peaks since sometime this summer and have been trying to get there two times a week or so.  The location makes it tough because its definitely outside my Dilworth-South Park bubble. GOOD NEWS: They're opening a South End location in 2015!  2200 Tryon.Until then though, the route setting is standard, they change on a regular basis, they don't have ridiculous rules like some other gyms I've been to.  You're able to come in, watch some safety videos, get tested on using a gri-gri and belaying and get started climbing the same day.They've been sprucing up the walls, painting them and fixing up some of the holds. I'm super stoked to see what the new South End location has in store for them!
5	Inner Peaks is THE place to climb in Charlotte. The staff is excellent and is the climbing community! They are always trying to make the facility better for new and seasoned climbers alike! Never been climbing before? Don't fret! The staff at Inner Peaks will take good care of you. There is a short orientation video, tour, and training to make you feel comfortable. The have rental gear to make sure you have everything you need. Just wear comfy/athletic clothes. Seasoned climber? There are 2 top-out boulders, bouldering walls, lead cave, and plenty of top ropes to suit your needs. There is also a workout area and climbing training area. Pro tips: Mondays are 1/2 price day passes for guests climbing with a member. Wednesdays are college days. Discounted day pass and gear rental with a college ID. There is also a great Power Flow yoga class offered on Wednesdays (included with the price of admission).Second location coming to the SouthEnd in 2015!
