3	Near the Carnegie Mellon Campus, PHI Bar is the  only place I have ever encountered a "pitcher of shots".  Since you gotta know, it's a 12 ounce beer glass full of liquor with like 2 ice cubes and a strainer on top.  I still remember those hangovers.
3	8.50 with tax for a one topping pizza, and $4 for a pitcher before 6pm (and $6 after). The $4 pitcher can even be Yuengling or Blue Moon. Makes for a cheap dinner with friends.The pizza is greasy but surprisingly tasty. It's a bit smokey (I can't wait until PA is no smoking in bars like Maine and California). Dollar drinks Friday night attract quite a few students.
4	PHI bar is a classic for CMU students who want to grab a pitcher (or four or five) after class.  the food is so-so.. i don't think i would ever get it unless i was already drinking there.  Sometimes i swear that when you order pizza what you get is grease with a side of pizza.  Still, can be tasty if you don't think about it.  friday drink specials make this place crazy cheap.  recent experiments also confirm that PHI can also be a highly effective study location, as i can tolerate reading over lecture notes much more with beer and pizza.
4	I drank here once for 7 straight hours with about 10 people. I bought about 10 pitchers of beer and 5 pitchers of shots. My bill at the end of the night was $54. Oh, and we had a pizza from Pizza Pauls. Only in Pittsburgh...
5	PHI is my home away from home- that home being hamburg hall on the cmu campus. literally a stone's throw away- phi is the policy student's temporary outlet. as a smoker, i can't say the indoor smoking personally bothers me, but the cheap drinks should deter any resistance to come here. i can be found here any day of the week, drowning away the sorrows of grad school. usually filled with other heinz college students which makes it fun- we're sharing in the torture together over drinks and greasy pizza! i'm also a huge fan of the $8 kamikaze pitchers
4	Ahh PHI bar, my bar. A true dive bar with a mix of locals and CMU kids slumming it together (and sometimes to hilarious effects).  The beer is cheap, the pizza greasy, and the fries crunchy.  I love the specials such as  $4 Yuengling pitchers on Thurs and $6 Blue Moon pitchers on Wednesday.  The pints aren't too expensive either, especially the Yuengling. The bar tenders can seem a bit cold until you start chatting them up and then they give you all sorts of under the counter specials.  Be wary of Friday nights which is $1 well drinks and the place resembles the black hole of Calcutta with beggars traded out for frat boys in polos and flip flops. The minimum for credit cards is $10 but there is an ATM around the corner so never fear (and I always order more than that anyway).
5	5-stars just because of the good times had here! I used to go here every Tuesday night with my friends for CHEAP drinks/food. $5 pitchers of Yuengling, and cheap food (try the pizza and frenchfries for heart-attack inducing lovvvve). I think there's also $1 well drinks on Fridays, but I tended to steer clear on the bigger nights. My friends and I would usually gather here after class and hang out for 2-6 hours, just chilling in a booth or 2 and playing cards and Kings. Cool, friendly staff, and always funny to watch the old-timers hanging around playing chess. The place can get busy with CMU students around end of semester or big events. Fun times, and perfect entertainment on a college budget!
3	My grad classes often run until nine at night, which is later than I'd like.  One good thing about this is that PHI's $5 Yuengling pitcher special starts at nine.  Unwinding doesn't get much better than pitchers, pizza and talking about the WTF moments that just occurred in your three-hour class.When the pizza arrives at your table, try your best to let it sit for at least a few minutes before grabbing a slice.  I know it's hard, especially if you're a hungry student, but you'll lose most of your cheese and burn your fingers if you dive right in.  It's greasy even if you let it cool a bit, and not the best pizza you'll ever eat (and if it is, I feel for you), but it'll do.If you have a big group and plan in advance, you can sometimes reserve the secret upstairs room, which looks to be an employee poker-playing hideout, complete with felt-padded tables and wood paneled walls.  The meat grinder adds ambiance.
4	Whether playing the naked lady game, throwing some darts or just feel like getting drunk on a week day, PHI bar is the place to hit up. We used to get $4-$6 pitchers on a $200 bar tab starting at noon on a Friday for last day of class bar tab or first day of class bar tab or pledge night for about 30-40 people. Those $200 usually took us until 5:30 at which point we'd have to re-open up the tab and add another $150 to it. We had people passing out with their shoes on and getting drawn on and they wouldn't kick any of us out.The food becomes so much better once you start drinking and you simply can't stop gorging on the giant pizza filled with grease after pounding way too many drinks.Friday nights are $1 drinks going from 8-9 and that is when it starts getting really packed. The only time this does not happen is during Carnival. Somehow I managed to drop $200 on dollar drinks one time. Not quite sure how that happened.PHI bar is packed with CMU kids. This place used to get busted sooo many times for underage people but they started doing a better job and stopping it. Which sucks when some of your friends are younger than 21 but there are still ways to get them in.PHI Bar Rob is a frequent customer there who also bartends even though he isn't technically an employee there. Get to know Rob and you've got it good because he's a really cool guy who is also pretty big so if you get into some trouble with another frat guy or some random douche, he'll back you up.I used to frequent this place quite often when I was back in college. It is a smoking joint but there is always people there every night. It is a great place to pregame if you're planning on going to a club downtown later or going to Shadyside later because everyone stops by there to see what everyone else is doing that night. Lunches aren't too bad either. They have daily food and drink specials so grabbing a pitcher of beer and a calzone before going back to classes is highly recommended. Especially if you're next class is in the Gates building or Hamburg hall. You may even decide to skip class too after going to PHI for lunch. (Something that has happened numerous times).
3	PHI gets three stars solely for the fact that it's across the street from my school and is a cheap lunch spot.  Decent melty cheesy subs for $4 and $5 pitchers, the poor grad student's dream.  However, they only play audio on their tvs during Steelers and Pitt games (not for Monday Night Football or any other games) and the place just reeks smoke which is something that I am still accepting here in the Burgh...You make up your own mind...
4	What's not to like about this place.  Small and divey with a mix of regulars and CMU students.  The bartenders are quick and friendly.  The central catholic coaching staff would often stop by here after a game for a couple drinks and have always been treated well by the owner and staff.  The pizza and sandwiches are good and do the trick when you are drinking.  The prices are very reasonable, but a little bit on the pricer side when you compare them to the rest of cheap ass oakland.  Like we used to say about Oakland, "all you need is ten dollars and you will be blacked out."FYI the scribblings in the bathroom are hilarious!  sill wondering who FREEZA is.
3	Do they ever card here?  I like that they advertise, "catch the games here on our 3 HDTVs!"  Ha.  Small, divey, and fun... this place is a staple for the young CMU crowd.  Many a fond memory of this place... thanks PHI.
5	CMU's own dive bar.. this place is full to the brim on friday nights.Lot of non-cmu people seem to come here regularly as well.Remember to get your real or fake state id or passport to be able to get in :)These guys also have awesome pizza (and fries!!).
1	I had a restaurant.com certificate for this place and it was a bad experience, I didn't even get to try the food!The first point started with the certificate, it specifies Dine-in only, and a minimum $35 purchase, but did not say that it excludes alcohol.  We ordered drinks and tried to present the certificate while we were browsing the menu, and the bar tender told us it does not cover alcohol and that I needed to put my drinks on a seperate tab (which had a ten dollar minimum for credit cards).  So I said fine and we decided to get enough food to use the certificate and when we went back to the kitchen window to order, the owner said that he does not honor that certificate, and that he would give us one pizza full price and a second one half off.  That is no deal...their pizzas are $14.  It would have cost $21 to get two pizzas, plus eating the cost of the certificate, so I would have paid $10 for a $7 discount.  We decided not to use the certificate because it was a rip off.  I tried to pay my drink tab in cash because our drinks were only $8.50 and the card minimum was $10, and the waitress still charged me $10 and said because the tab was opened on my card it could not be changed.  Needless to say we left angry and hungry.
3	So on these hot summer days when I'm just too lazy and uncomfortable to walk the extra block from campus to Craig St, I stop at PHI for lunch.  I'm always a bit apprehensive because it's one of the few bars in Pgh that meets the threshold for allowing smoking, so the place is always a bit smoky.  But...You can't argue with what I call "comfort bar food."  The pizzas are greasy, yeh, but they are tasty.   And there's nothing better than PHI's steak sandwich and fries.  The fries, especially, are a wonderful guilty pleasure.Can't speak about the beers because I'm not a beer guy.  I've come to avoid liquor there because the drinks never seem strong enough, even straight whiskeys.  I'm NOT accusing them of watering down the beverages, however.  Even if you're NOT a regular, the staff treats you well.  And it is what it is: a dive bar.   But it's a good dive bar!We've had a few mixers there for students and they always go out of their way to make us feel welcome.   And if you're having lunch or drinks with a friend who smokes or if you smoke, it's a great little oasis.
1	The bartender at this bar was so incredibly rude to us, that we left before ordering anything.  The fully story can be found here:http://livingaustria.wordpress.com/2011/12/01/phi-stands-for-pub-house-of-insolence/I will NEVER return to this bar, and HIGHLY recommend NOT going here to anyone else.  I would give this bar zero stars if that were possible.
3	Random!  It took me a minute to find this place - it's actually right across the street from the PNC bank.  You would never guess that this was a bar...it made it even more difficult b/c it was dark and raining.  I was able to find street parking right out front and when I got in the crowd was fairly young, but that's what I expected around the universities.  It wasn't very crowded as I went during the week.  The bartender was friendly and drinks were extremely affordable.  I'm not sure that I would go out of my way for PHI but if I was in the area and looking for a cheap drink then why not now that I know where it is!
1	Were it not for low student budgets and inexplicable nostalgia for crappy dive bars, it would be a miracle that this place manages to stay open.  This bar sends a negative impression before you even order, with a rude staff and...let's call it "low air quality" to avoid the more colorful language typically associated with a strongly negative olfactory experience.
5	The official bar of CMU. A fantastic disaster every time.
3	I'll admit and say that I did not go to Phi Bar until near the end of my college life. I had heard about it in passing, but didn't take much notice. A friend dragged me here, and I was able to finally understand why so many people like to go.We like to call Phi Bar CMU's own dive-y little bar. It is tiny inside, and can be ridiculously crowded. Drinks aren't too expensive, but it is what you'd expect from any other bar. The real advantage this has is that it is very close to campus, thus making the trip here from CMU very easy. On the weekends, you can park at the CMU Morewood parking lot close to the bridge, so that you only have a short walk. Otherwise, street parking on Craig Street would be your best friend.I think this is a safe 3 for me. I'd gladly come back to Phi Bar for the nostalgia, but the bartenders can be quite rude and snappy at times. Most of the time though, they are harmless. Smoking is also permitted inside. They serve pizza, but I have yet to try unfortunately. Just another typical college bar, really.
3	Solid dive establishment. Absolutely dirt cheap drinks. A pitcher of Yuengling is $8, I think. I ordered a whiskey sour and a grey goose on the rocks years ago and paid $5. I was baffled. The bar has a funny smell, but you get used to it and kind of like it after a few visits. PHI is on my list of places to duck into on an afternoon on all my PIttsburgh visits. Dollar drink Fridays (which I assume they still have) is always a mess. Seriously, a dollar for a long island iced tea in a plastic cup? That is just a crime.
4	Love the pizza inside.
4	PHI bar has two great things going for it: cheap prices, and great location for CMUers. It's a great place to hang out, seeing as they, unlike some other nearby bars, aren't blasting horrid pop music so loud that you can't hear anyone a foot away. It does have a dive-y feel to it, and always has a strong smoke smell (of which I'm not a big fan). You can be sure to run into a few folks you know if you pop in.
3	Oh Panther Hollow Inn... you used to be a dame, a real broad. Dank, ill-lit, smoky, rude, maybe a few health code violations thrown in for good measure. In short, a dive.But now? You're not a dive! And anyone who says otherwise (esp. those precious li'l CMU children who frequent you) has no frakin' clue as to the nature of a real dive. You can pretend to be a dive - cheap prices, smoking allowed, short-staffed - and that's all good and well. A good time can still be had, no doubt.But admit it, we both know you've had some work done in your golden years. You have better lighting and floors that aren't always sticky, the staff aren't always gruff and the clientele are just kittens now. [shakes head sadly and orders another clean-not-dirt-cheap drink].
3	I went here with a group for happy hour.  $5 pitchers are are awesome.  The jukebox was a little too loud after 6 pm, but I imagine that's normal practice for most bars  I am sure I'll be back since I'm a CMU student and the beer is at the right price, but it's nothing special.
4	go here.its PHIbut you know you go too much when they stop carding you.fyi
3	I've been to PHI several times and I really dig the vibe. It's dive-y, has friendly bartenders and decent beers on hand. It can get crowded but not obnoxiously so (unless you're trying to play darts and people keep getting in the way or bumping you) however, it DOES get obnoxiously smoky.
2	The bartender is extremely rude and disrespectful. I quote her: "I don't give a f*** about the customers". This place only survives because it is close to CMU campus and there are not many options available. It is a shame that you have to interact with such people to have food here, which is decent. Don't come here if you just want to relax and have a good time after having studied all day.
1	Used to go to this place for years because it was the only bar close to CMU. recently visited it and wondered why I ever put up with this terrible place. rude, if not angry, folks working there. Very hard to get in with a non-US i.d. This coming from a business serving a school that is 60% international students. bad decision on their behalf. The actions of the staff and bartenders always seemed to give the impression that they didn't want you there. The customers are in their way. I refuse to go to that place. Have had to go to meet friends, but I don't order drinks if I show up. I'm not usually this crotchety-old-man about things, but this place stinks and there many BETTER places just one block away.
4	Divey bar right next to CMU, cheap pitchers, dart board, good pizzas, what's more to ask.Sometimes go on fridays for a cheap drink. Kinda smokey so your clothes might smell weird afterwardsIt's good with large groups, they have a jukebox as well.
