2	I will start by saying I give the food 4 stars. The issue was with their speed of service. I will cut them some slack since they just opened. but it took more than 40 mins from the time I walked in the door till the time I got my food (a Gyro sandwich). The place was busy, but I hope they work on their process. It seemed a bit pricey with $3+ for a small order of fries. A sandwich, fries and a drink cost me $14.05.
5	Olives is newly opened this week. Took the entire family -- me, husband and all four kids. We all loved it and enjoyed our meal. We went around 2 PM on a Saturday. Small staff, seems family owned. Everyone was really nice. Service was efficient although there was a short wait for our order. The food tastes great. I ordered the chicken kabob dinner which comes with rice, pita bread and a side. I chose the Mediterranean salad for my side. The salad was crisp and fresh. My only complaint is it could use more feta cheese. The kabobs were delicious. The chicken was moist, flavorful and well cooked. You get two kabobs with the dinner platter. The pita tasted fresh and homemade. An excellent complement to the chicken. The best part of my meal was the rice. Possibly the best rice I have ever eaten. Light, fluffy, flavorful. Really, it was so good I wanted to eat everyone's rice. We wanted to try the baklava for dessert. Unfortunately, they were out with a 30 minute wait for more. Not a big deal as long as it doesn't happen often.
1	I ordered take out,  5 orders, gave it 15 minutes and went to pick it up. There was one person there, no other to go orders and they had not even started on any of my orders. I really wanted this place to be great because I work down the street and thought I would be coming here a lot. After waiting for over 40 minutes for my food (from order time to the time I left with my food) I'm pretty sure I won't be back.
4	4 starts for the food. 1 star for the service. It took 40 minutes for our food to arrive once we sat down. There weren't many other tables filled in the restaurant at 1:40pm on a Saturday. I would probably give this place another try, but another long wait and I don't think I would come back.
4	Tried this out yesterday. On a Saturday art 5:15, there were only two other occupied tables. The service was slow but pleasant. I got the vegetarian platter and it was yummy. I will be back. The yogurt cheese dip and pita bread they give you is amazing.
4	OK. Second experience at this restaurant was a 180. Got a salad to go. Took less than 5 mins and the salad was huge and delicious, too.
5	Tons of flavor in the food, the price and portions are great, and all fresh and homemade.  The baklava is delicious!
1	Yulk is what comes to mind first! It rook 3 times to get my order right. I said sauce on side waitress brought it back with extra sauce. The pita is prepared them when you order it is saturated with more grease. Food not hot at all! I got a gryo & requested the tizi on the side.  The waitress didnt know what tizi was. We were checked on by the waitress who was on her cell phone &  eating. Phone to ear trying to see what we needed. Final blow was attemptimg to pay the tab. Their system "went down & we were asked to wait for the owner to arrive so he could fix the problem. After waiting 10 mins. I got steamed! The cook said owner said five minute. Then the cook suggested we leave our credit card # so they can process it later....Uh NO thanks.Will NOT be patronizing this place again! Oh lastly the cook does not specialize in Mediterranean cusine & I jad bubble guts before arriving home. Let's see if they are in business this time next year. One positive note the waitress was a sweet girl.
4	Had a work lunch meeting here on a Friday afternoon, and I'm so glad my colleague suggested it! I didn't even know it existed.As much as I love eating Mediterranean food, I have to admit that I'm awful with knowing what things are, and the menu doesn't describe much. However, our waitress did her best to answer our questions and asked the other staff when she didn't know.We started with what I think was pita and yogurt cucumber dip (complimentary). I could've eaten a vat of the dip! The pita was much thinner than I'm used to, but good. Among the 3 of us for lunch we got lamb kabobs, hummus, grape leaves, and falafel. The only thing I didn't care for was the falafel, which had a weird spice that tasted a little like black licorice. Everything else was to die for!! My lamb kabobs were marinated in deliciousness, and the rice it came with was so light.When we walked in, the waitress asked if we were getting food to go or eating in. Once we sat down, I realized there was a counter almost like at school where you get your tray and slide along before you pay, so it could work either way. Fantastic fast-casual Mediterranean food!
4	Food is amazing. Tasty, fresh & hot. Great flavors. They brought bread & yogurt for the table to start, & that's a nice touch.There's no hostess stand, so you walk in & awkwardly stand like an idiot until you get noticed.The waitresses took my glass when it was empty but didn't offer a refill (all this before the check). Pricing will hurt them. $12 & then they charged me $2 to sub out a side.  With a $2 tip, nobody's paying $16 for a wrap combo. That won't last. They'd be better off with counter service & revamp the pricing. I hope this place lasts....the food is too good!
4	So the food was the bomb and nice large servings. But good lord was it slow moving service. I mean I give it to the guy. He was the only one working the tables and was very nice. Luckily we weren't starving or in a rush but took forever! Hopefully this improves bc otherwise the food is great!
4	Went for lunch today, great place with a lot of potential. You walk in and you notice a very clean and organized place, looks like a well ran family restaurant.Got the beef Shawarma, one of the best I've ever had in the states, very tasty and the meet was very tender. The service was great, two nicely dressed and clean looking girls helping each other out, big smile on their faces.Now for suggestions:-  Prices a little high, 8.99 for a wrap plus tax plus tip  = $12 lunch. They would be much better off doing no service, and you order from the window and sit and the food gets brought to you, at least you wouldn't have to worry about the tip- You walk in for the first time and you don't know if you should sit, wait to be seated or walk up to the window- kitchen staff should wear matching outfits since its a glass line and you can see everything, and they should try to move faster and show that they are working hard. You just get the impression they are not too motivated.Besides that, great place with amazing food and lot of potential.
3	A really solid 3.5 ...but not quite 4 worthy. They have very quick and friendly service, the portions are a nice size, and the Falafel while far from the best I ever had, was pretty good. My favorite part was the pita itself, it tasted homemade.  They were really heavy-handed on the fry seasoning so that's an area for improvement Overall a good little stop for an informal/quick lunch...
1	Came to Olives for the first time hoping for some good Greek food but much like most of the other Yelp reviewers, was horribly disappointed.  After ordering a falafel with Mediterranean salad (with Italian dressing) as well as a vegetable plate, both orders came to the table wrong even with 3 of the young servers coming to the table.  The bottom line is, the food is just ok but the service, time to receive food, and the attention to food detail leaves something to be desired.
3	Let's get real folks:  this isn't the place to come to expect stellar service or to bring a hot date.  It is the type of place where you will probably get some pretty good takeout, however.  I ordered a vegetable plate with hummus, a salad, spinach pie, and falafel and I was pleased with everything.  All of the food was great.  I will be back for some takeout, but I can't see myself dining in.
3	So, the food is good. The prices are appropriate. The service is nice and if you don't feel like driving to Zetounis or Kabob Grill, this is the place to eat.
4	So we went dining to the newly opened Mediterranean grill place. This place has good service and a typical middle eastern feel to it. One has got to try out the Chicken Shawarma sandwich. The fries served with the sandwich are very crispy. Also you get complementary hummus with the traditional bread while dining. The server is very polite. Cost wise, this is a $$ place. Definitely going to try out their other dishes especially the chicken kabobs from the dinner plate menu.
4	The food is delicious, all fresh ingredients.  My husband and I stopped  at Olives for a late lunch on Sunday.  The service was good. Lunch began with complimentary homemade pita and yogurt.  I had the Palmyra Salad with a chicken kabob and a wonderful lentil soup. My husband had the Chicken Shawarma.   The owner was present and stopped by our table to see how we liked the food. The atmosphere is bland, but the outside seating will be very nice when the weather is warm. We will definitely go back.
4	I went here on Dec. 1, 2014 after purchasing a Groupon.  I love Mediterranean food so it was on my list to try.  All the food was prepared fresh, they provided warm pleasant service and the food was good. I will definitely come back to this business.
5	Great food, kind service, split the mixed kabobs with a friend perfect amount and unbelievably amazing! Substituted one for a lamb kabob. The best lamb I've ever had!
4	The food was amazing. This place use to be a Moe's so the place isn't visually appealing. Interior could use an overhual. Food was great of  course, the chef's are awesome,  the servers were lacking knowledge.
5	To start we order real hot tea orange pekoe. very nice waitress, you can watch them make your food for you, so... not fast but good. Real tzatziki, yummy!!!!cucumber yogurt appetizer, oh my goodness! You must order that and the grape leaves, dip grape leaves in yogurt, enjoy and your welcome for the suggestion:) I ordered lamb Kabob very good comes with rice ok on its own but I mixed it all together (lamb, onions, hot sauce, peppers and put some cucumber yogurt on top) delicious !!!!!!
3	Alright everyone around here knows that Ayrsley is not the place to go for food... we all keep hoping for something stellar to pop up and it never does. Olives took forever to open and honestly their service takes just as long!! Even if you are the only people in the entire restaurant it still can take 20 minutes plus to get your food. The staff was friendly but the restaurant itself looks rather run down. Almost like they didn't redecorate or upgrade or even repaint from the previous tenants. I wasn't really expecting anything good from this place but I  have to say I was pleasantly surprised. I've only gotten one thing here which is the chicken kabobs and they have been really good both times. The flavor is very much on point. I've tried the hummus and the rice that comes on the side which are both good but not brilliant. However considering the total lack of food options in here it fits in and is sort of a welcome addition. I will say though, their pricing is rather high for what they are. No one is going to spend $15-$20 at lunch time for this and I don't foresee them lasting very long.
