4	4 words: 5 dollar eyebrow threading. Are you sold? You should be. I've been here on several occasions and the owner does a good job everytime. She's a quiet person, but I'm not big on talking when I'm holding down my eyelid while pulling up on my brow. I also get my lip here ($5) and the thing I love about threading is that they're able to get the finest of hairs around your mouth. She gets them the first time so there is no need to point out any hidden stow aways. Since threading doesn't take long (about 10 minutes for lip & brow), it's definitely more of a walk-in place. However, I have been here once when a lady was getting a full face thread with two others infront of me so I just came back the next day. If you don't live around the corner like me, you can call to ask if it's busy before you make the drive.
4	I just stopped by to get my eyebrows threaded.  I didn't have to wait long and the threading took less than 10 minutes.  There was only one lady working there too.  She was quick and efficient...the results?  I love my eyebrows.  Yes, I can take the time to pluck and shape my eyebrows, but it always look better when a professional who does X amount of threading per day does it.  It cost $5 still.  But I saw on a poster that lip or eyebrow threading cost $5 on Sat, Sun and Mon, and cost $7 on Tue-Fri..  Either way, it is still cheap.
5	I hadn't gotten my eyebrows done in a loooong time so I figured it was time to tame the beast. I saw the reviews on here and it was nearby so for 5 bucks (+ tip), I thought what the hell, I'll give it a try. I'm sure glad I did! I got the threading, my first time. The lady I got was really nice and made sure I was comfortable, I think her name was Hanna? or maybe Naina. I have a scar are my left eyebrow, making the hair grow weird there and sometimes it's hard for people to shape right. She did an awesome job. I when I walked in I was greeted right away, signed in and sat down to be worked on all in the same instant! Yay! Walk ins like that are nice sometimes. Like I said the lady that did my brows was very sweet and chatted with me a bit and checked to make sure I was happy and asked if I wanted more off in certain places and such, very through.I will most definitely be coming back every time I'm in Las Vegas. I can't believe you can get such great service for so cheap!
2	I have been getting my eyebrows threaded for at least 10 years from at least 30 different people and this is one of the worst places I have been. I have been a few times because I wanted to see if it was just a one time thing or was just the way the salon operated. Every time I go in, the ladies are so unorganized with their order of taking clients in. They are not professional at all and do not know how to use the thread properly. After they finish threading my eyebrows and rest of my face, I like to look it over to make sure they got all the hairs but when I ask them to go over an area again, they make it seem like it is a huge hassle. They are not interested in the client's happiness with the final productTheir price list is misleading because at most salons, a full face threading includes neck but it does not include it here.
4	Sunday morning seemed to be the perfect time to go. Didn't wait long at all. $5 on Sunday so yea I saved $2. WooI had gone to the location by the Meadows mall not realizing that there was one right by my house. Thank goodness because I didn't care for the ghetto-ness.The Fort Apache location is very clean!
5	A place that threads my eyebrows better than I'll ever pluck them, does it very fast and efficiently, and is super cheap?  There's no way it can get any better than that.  For this location, they offer a deal for $5 on Saturday-Monday and $7 for Wednesday-Friday.  The ladies there are always polite and nice.  I also love how many locations they have, because this one is literally a 2 minute drive from my house!  I've seen other threading places in other cities, but none as cheap as this place.  Definitely my favorite!
4	Efficient, friendly, and clean. They meticulously thread my eyebrows and shape them to perfection. It only costs me five bucks a pop (plus tip). If you have bushy brows that need to be cleaned up- be sure to give them a try. You'll be thrilled with the results. Two thumbs up.
2	Worst service ever! Didn't even get a hello when I walked in. I signed my name and waited for someone to acknowledge me, but no one did, so I sat down. As soon as I sat in the chair the lady said "go to the first chair". I sat in the chair for probably 10 minutes while the lady was yelling at someone on the phone about a paycheck. EXTREMELY UNPROFESSIONAL !!! She finally comes up and does one eyebrow, does a good job until the phone rings! She literally leaves me in the chair for 15 minutes with one eyebrow done while she goes in the back room and yells on the phone some more!!! I had to ask the other lady there to get her so I could leave. My eyebrows looked fine, but I will definitely never go back. It shouldn't take almost 45 minutes to get your eyebrows threaded.
5	Sudi is awesome!! i went there today for a full face -very gentle and kind!! Sundays are very low key...People were in and out and they very complimentary!!
3	Im a regular here, and specifically for the location. One star for their price specials. One star for not being too busy like the other locations. One star for eye brow satisfactions. I just hate how they act like customer friendliness doesn't play a part, with an exception of one lady. Ive had a bigger lady who always stopped in the middle of doing my brows to call someone on her cell. She should learn about greeting, closing with thankfulness, & customer priority. I always go back hoping to have someone different but at least she gets the deed done.
5	Never had any bad experiences here. And they do a great job on my eyebrows. And you can't beat the price of $5 Sunday-Tuesday. $7 the rest of the week which is still amazing.
3	$5 Sun -Tues !!! You can't beat that price!!! I must admit after 5 minutes of waiting there I was contemplating leaving.. It was so awkwardly quiet, there was only one lady working and she didn't even acknowledge me when I came in.. But I'm glad I waited because my eyebrows came out nice! So if you don't mind the wait which for me was about 15-20 minutes definitely check this place out! Hot tip: don't forget to sign in when you get there !!!
2	I have to agree with most of the reviewers... the place offers decent prices like 4 visits eyebrow + lip for 45 which is a good deal ( cheaper than waxing)  the problem is that there was only one lady working and she was not very friendly.. terrible customer service skills... the treating is a bit painful and she didn't even care to stop.
4	I've gone here on two separate occasions. I believe I was charged $5  the first time and $7 the second time, which really wasn't a bad deal. The first time I went, there was only one lady and about 8 people waiting to get their eyebrows done, so I had to wait about 30 minutes. Each person that walked in tried to sign in, but she would yell from across the room, "Don't sign in!" One person asked her why she wouldn't let people sign in and she said it's because people tend to walk out when the wait is too long (makes sense). I almost walked out, but I kept thinking "well, it's already been 10 minutes" then 20, then 30. It was worth it though. The process only took about 3-5 minutes and my eyebrows looked fabulous and nicely shaped when she was done. The second time I went, there was only one person ahead of me and they were already finishing up. The lady told me to sign in and directed me to sit on the chair so she could start. She must've been done in two minutes. It was ridiculously fast. However, the quality wasn't as good as my first visit. I think she just threaded off all the hairs that looked out of line without paying attention to shape or form, so I had to start trying to grow out the hair around my brows again. I really should have warned her that I was trying to make my eyebrows thicker though. Note:Do not expect great customer service here. They actually have pretty bad customer service. I have never been greeted and the only things you will really ever hear are "sign in," "don't sign in," "hold with your hand," and "debit or credit?" It's not the happiest place, but you're not there to make any friends anyway. Overall, I like this place. The location is right by my house and the price for quality is pretty cheap!
5	I was actually a regular at their Rainbow/Russell location when I used to live in Vegas. However, I found out that they opened a new location in Fort Apache, and since this one's closer, I decided to go there.Maybe it was because I went there on a Thursday afternoon, but there wasn't any wait, and I got seated in less than a minute. The lady that did my eyebrows was really nice and even asked me if I was doing okay when she saw me tearing up (it's not the most pleasant feeling thing, ok?). As for my eyebrows, they look fabulous. The best part is it only took five minutes and only costed me $10 with the tip. So yes, I love this place for being super cheap and making my eyebrows look great. I just wish Portland had something like this, since the cheapest threading place I've seen there charges $20 for eyebrows. But until then, I will keep on going to Eyebrows R Us everytime I visit Vegas.
1	For someone who stresses customer service, this was not the greatest place for me. It's unfortunate that I was so satisfied before but so disappointed now..Walked in and was not greeted. There were two ladies at the reception when I walked in. One was talking to a client and the other didn't even acknowledge me.The threading process for my eyebrows and upper lip was quick, which is good cause I was short on time. The lady doing it actually scratched her finger against the corner of my eye and didn't apologize when I muttered an "ouch" loud enough for her to hear. Oh, and the corner of my lip was bleeding due to the threading by the end of it. She definitely HAD to have seen the drop of blood on the corner of my lip. No apologies for that one either. Seemed like she was bored of her job. She had some heavy and loud sighs...I've had much better previous experiences from this location on some weekends, but I think it depends in how lucky you are on the day that you go. Depends on who you get I suppose. Not planning on going back. At least not on a Tuesday, that's for sure..Just poor customer service. Didn't feel that I was cared for.
4	I have been coming here regularly for the past year or so (only just started checking in...shame on me) .  If you are not familiar with the location, it is located on Ft Apache and Tropicana directly behind the KFC. They take walk-ins but you can make an appointment too.  I would highly recommend an appointment if you plan to be there on a Saturday afternoon.  Otherwise the wait time is anywhere from zero to ten minutes.The ladies who do the threading are great... even though the staff has changed a little throughout the year, the threading is still consistent. I have also never paid more than $7.00 for eyebrow threading.  As long as I am still on this side of town I will continue to this location
5	My first experience having my eyebrows threaded but loved it. Great way to clean up those stray hairs. Patricia took care of me and my buddies. I enjoyed it and definitely will be back when I am in town.
2	I decided to give this place another couple of tries and again was sadly disappointed each time. The only thing that gives it a two stars is that it is only 7 dollars and close to my house which is convenient when I need a quick touch up. There was one Indian woman who was fabulous but I have yet to see her again and did not catch her name.Jackie has done my eyebrows a couple of times now and though she is one of the faster ones, she is not pleasant nor does she thread well. She more pulls off the hairs rather than pulls them out. When they are pulled off at the surface like that, your eyebrows require a touch up sooner which I don't think anyone wants. Great for touch ups but I would not recommend getting your eyebrows shaped here.
1	The worst place to get your brows done. The worst customer service.  I usually leave tips but not when I am treated like crap. I would not recommend this place at all to anyone.
3	This place is the worst! Also when you write a review that's not in their favor they have it removed! Their customer service is bad in their store and on this website!
4	I only trust this location when it comes to getting my eyebrows done. I've been to other Eyebrows R Us in Vegas and they either charge more or don't really shape my eyebrows nicely. This location always satisfies me and it's only $7.One thing about this place though is the staff. They're very quiet and don't really interact much with customers.
1	All my experiences here have been horrible including their north las vegas location. Stay away !:
1	This place looks like a strange drs office. It's oddly decorated and it's huge yet there are only 2 chairs. It doesn't make any sense. The staff is unfriendly. Nobody greets, you you just sign in and sit down. When it's your turn they call you up and there is no interaction at all. You can tell these women don't like their job and they don't care about customer service. I wasn't even asked how I want my eyebrows she just went to town and I'm so mad because they're sooooo thin and uneven!!! Biggest mistake of my life. They looked fine before I only needed a touch up. She went so fast she ripped so much out and she didn't seem to care about being precise. Now my right eyebrow is further right than it should be and who knows how long it'll take me to grow them back out again. I tried this place because it's right by my house and I didn't want to drive to summerlin but wow being lazy did not pay off. Biggest mistake coming here!!! Don't do it!!!!!! Go to Diva Beauty.
3	Eyebrow threading is a service. Just like when you get a mani, pedi, haircut, etc. If you aren't being friendly & professional, &/or doing great job at your work, then you shouldn't expect a big tip.
2	Like a lot of people said, they're flat out rude here.  Someone mentioned that you're not here to make friends.  That's valid, however, their bad customer service isn't just they do not appear friendly.  They never ask what you want, they just go right to threading.  They're much more harsh than everywhere else when they actually are threading.  One time the lady had her friend on speaker phone near the front desk  then left halfway through to hang up- wasting my time.  I heard his deep breathing loudly on the phone the whole time.  So weird. I don't care if someone is unfriendly, in fact, I hate small talk with strangers.  At least be professional and competent though.  I feel awkward every time I'm in there so I found a place that is a few dollars more but a much better experience.  FYI I came here about 4 times before I couldn't deal with the rudeness anymore.
1	Very unfriendly customer service. Gum smacking /popping  girl at the counter has yet to acknowledge my presence. I only come here because of the price and every time i tip, they NEVER say thank you!!! They don't ask what you want and if they screw up they don't apologize (I'm a guy and they arched my eyebrows like crazy last time I came in)(using moms yelp to post) This will be the last time I'll ever come as I will be looking for another location , even if I have to pay more. I guess they'll never get the "Good Customer Service " concept !! That's what keeps a business successful ... They're not getting a tip this time , it's not like they appreciate it anyway ! Oh wait... The gum smacking girl opened her mouth as I was paying and asked if I wanted to leave a tip!! Uhhhh NO! That shut her back up quick! Don't get me wrong I do tip when it's deserved ...
2	I was a pretty loyal customer here just because I lived so close, but twice they've taken off half my eyebrow, once ripped an eyelash out, and actually burned me with the thread under my eyebrow and I have a lovely scar. No thanks.
2	Went in with a free threading. Krystal came with one word: "Hello". Looks like she's a very quite person, or maybe she's just pissed off. So I tried to be more friendlier by greeting her good morning and how are you doing? She just went straight to the chair and told me have a sit. Omg! I had tears in my eyes. Not sure if she's threading 5 hairs at a time! !! She heard me quite a few times "ouch", but she just kept quite and kept going. Even after that, I still gave her a generous tip. I think she's not happy that I got a free threading from the President. Got home and saw that my eyebrows are not even. I think I'll go back shaving and shaping it myself.
3	I've been to this location a few times & they actually had done my first eyebrow threading experience. Threading is actually not that bad. It's way better than waxing. It doesn't hurt either. No matter how much my friends warned me it was going to hurt, it really didn't. It's kind of relaxing!My first time here was about a year ago and I loved how they did my eyebrows. For the first time in my adult life I had nice shaped eyebrows. Then after that first time, my eyebrows just hasn't been the same. Each time I come here it's not how I want them to be. Either too thin, shape wasn't right, or wasn't clean enough.When I went in today, it wasn't too bad. I didn't hate the outcome of my eyebrows which gives me hope for future visits. I will be returning and hopefully give them a better rating!
5	I live in California but I visit Las Vegas frequently because I have family here. They actually love 2 mins away so going to this eyebrow threading place is convenient. I've come here now and then over the years. I've always had pleasant experiences coming here. Service is fast. There is usually at least a 15 minute wait but it's worth the wait! The price is awesome! In the Bay Area the average price to get eyebrows done is $10. I come here and with tip it's $10! $7 to get your eyebrows done? Ummm yes! The other thing I love about this place is that the ladies are so gentle. I absolutely dread getting threaded but here it's less painful and clean.
1	Never ever will I come here again. The employees were rude, argued over who would do my eyebrows when there were no other customers. Threading the flesh from my face not my eyebrows, and BUTCHERED them. Thanks for failing at your job.
1	I used to work down the street from this place for three years so I decided to give this place a try. Before I started coming here my eyebrows were nicely thick just not shaped very well. I was hoping they could fix that for me. This place is very awkward. As other people have said it's very big but weird that it only has two stations. The girls working there never speak anything to you they just tell you to sit down and at the end ask if you want to tip. I've never had anyone ask me how I've wanted my eyebrows done. I kept coming back for the fact that it was right down the street from my work and it was like $7. The more I came back my eyebrows just kept getting thinner and thinner and every time I would go the girls working would be like "Your eyebrows are too thin.. way too thin." Uhh well stop making them so thin then since you guys were the only ones touching my eyebrows. Now I am left with extremely thin eyebrows that have yet to grow back fully. There are other better places in town to go to. I wouldn't waste my time here. It's worth the extra few bucks to get it done right.
1	Horrible. They do not know how to shape an eyebrow or make them even. Go somewhere more professional, trust me... Or you will have botched eyebrows and will need to regrow your eyebrows for weeks.
4	Let me start by saying I hate getting my eyebrows threaded. A super painful experience for me and more times than not I don't follow through haha. Now, this is my first time to this location and initially I was a little put off by the fact that there were no customers or cars in the parking lot, but with it being Sunday, I figured that was why. Upon entering I noticed how big the shop was and also that I was not greeted. When I walked up to the counter the girl stated 'sign in'. Okay. I signed in and she walked away, I figured I should follow, so I did. As soon as we walked behind the counter 5 other customers appeared. 3 women and 2 men.I sat in a chair and she asked me would I like them to be thinner. I stated no, just some shape and a little thin on the edges (I always keep them at their regular thickness just in case I need to fix them myself). She did one eyebrow and it took every bit if me not to scream-- it was so painful! She stopped and rub a solution on my eyebrow and the pain disappeared immediately. Whoo!She showed me the one eyebrow and it was exactly how I wanted it. She did the other in less time than the first and I was on my way. 4 stars for the speed and precision.-1 star for the demeanor of the shop girl. Will I go back? If its a Sunday and my regular location is closed.
2	I've been here several times because it's near my work, and they usually do a decent job. But the place is a dump, the people who work there are not at all friendly. I walked out today before my turn because the music they were playing was vulgar woman-hating rap, very offensive. I won't go back, not worth it, plenty of these types of places around.
4	They do an amazing job! I always receive compliments after I have them done there.  The other time I was in utah and had them done,  the person did a horrible job...  So came back to vegas and my girl did her thang! Would've given 5 stars but as said on previous reviews...  The girls are a bit cold,  unwelcoming and not very charismatic.
1	Don't ever go there!! I've been getting my eyebrows threaded for years (not here). It's never been so incredibly painful. I'm now bleeding from how rough this woman was. Not to mention she was talking to one of the other co workers the entire time... Breathing & spitting on me.
