4	The store was a typical Express store, but what stood out here was the friendly customer service.  After a long search for some black booty shorts to hoochie me out, the search came to an end here at their sales rack.When I got to the counter I realized I had forgotten my credit card at home, but the guy helped me get rung out without it, I was a little annoyed they needed my social security number and they had me write it down on a piece of paper, but then after I got rung up he gave me the piece of paper back!  Very cool!
3	I can't get on board with this location of Express.  I mean, it's fine... but it's nothing special.  I much prefer to shop at the Caesars Forum Shops store, which is much bigger and has a better selection.
3	Big fan of Express.  This location inside the Fashion show mall is slightly smaller than the one at Town Square.  Alas, they still offer all Express clothing and exceptional pricing you come to know and love through Express.
4	Express is an anomaly that I have yet to figure out. The jeans fit so well, yet their director's pants are cut in an unflattering way. The shirts are a hit or a miss, but I love how bold they are in patterns and colors. The fitted 1MX shirts are usually my go to and they keep it innovative.The store is well stocked and the associates have a good sense of humor. I am the type to shop, leave, go to another store to compare styles, come back to ponder if I really need it, and eventually purchase. It is a long and arduous process, but the girl working the floor had made a joke about me entering multiple times. That's just how I roll.
5	I've sort of given up writing reviews about chains. You're either going to go or not, you know? What piece of advice can I give you that you're really going to care about?Well, this Express is the best ever. I had bought a coat on Black Friday that ripped three months in. I went in last week after talking with their customer relations hotline and they were so unbelievably nice at this store when I was coming to make my return. I'm sure that they could have been rude, but they chose to be awesome and let me exchange for stuff worth what I had paid for the jacket.Customer service is spot on!
