4	I love bebe.But dammmmnnnnnn this bebe is SOO SMALL!! You would think that the shops at Caesar are given ample space for the amount of clientele it receives on a daily basis but this bebe at Caesars DEFINITELY got shafted. I still found what i had wanted but if you want a more spread out bebe, go to the one at the Venetian (Grand Canal Shops).
3	Located in the Forum Shops in Caesars. Decent selection of items but really it's just spread out in the store more. More jewelry than most bebe stores. I don't find the sales people at this location as helpful with locating an item or needing another size. Just in and out of the dressing room. Try the bebe in the Venetian Shops for better service and more and sometimes different selection.
4	The last time I visited. I was treated with good customer service. This place is located at Caesars Forum Shops. The staff was really helpful. Yes the store itself is small, but I found some tops and jewelry that I wanted there. So I was a happy customer at the end. I would go back to this place when I'm in town again handsdown.
2	I usually get very lucky with popping into Bebe. They have some really cute trendy clothes. I am partial to there dresses, especially when they are on sale. This location is very small, not a good selection of clothes at all. Service, well not friendly way to busy talking to each other. They could care less if customer's were in the store, not helpful at all. I shopped trying to find a cute dress for the evening and nope did not get lucky. I did spot two dresses that I really liked but neither one had my size in stock. Who knows maybe in the back room but I did not want to interrupt the girl's who were so busy. Too bad, you lost a sale. Not a good location at all.
3	Man oh man do they have accesories and shoes. My wife likes to bring me with her when she comes here. She asks me for my opinons on shoes and accessories to add to her wardrobe. We've found some pretty good deals here. The selection isn't bad and the staff are rude. Lots of their clothes here are cute but I must say, I can't imagine how some girls are able to afford clothes from here all the time. The store is usually neat and things but like I mentioned, the staff aren't always the nicest.
5	always a pleasure...beautiful clothes and friendly associates
5	Love bebe! Great clothes. Friendly staff. Was in town recently and was looking for a dress for the evening. The sales girl pointed me to a new arrival which I tried on and loved. She helped me pick out the right acessories and wound up wearing it right out of the store and partied the night away.will definitely come back again and again
4	There are great options in this store -- perfect for anyone that needs another Vegas outfit! Look in the back for some sale options if you've got a tighter budget. The sales staff is very friendly and can help find the perfect outfit!
5	I'm a fan of this store. I believe the person helping me was Nicole and she was very friendly. She offered her assistance from the time I walked in until I left. I love the attire this store provides and the fit is great. I recommend anything that's bodycon! The material is very strong and of great quality. Overall, I'll be returning for very near future shopping. Kudos!
