5	April is the bomb!!  I have never left with a bad hair cut!  She offer cuts, washes and style.  I have also had Liz  cut my hair and she is great too.  I have not had any of the other stylist cut my hair but I am sure they do a great job because they always seem to be busy.  I highly recommend going here.  April and Liz's prices are good too... a guys cut and wash is $20. (not sure about the other stylist.)
5	Buford has been cutting my husband's hair for years and we couldn't be happier. Excellent! Ask for a shave too. Buford has been willing to offer walk-ins whenever possible.Jim cuts my hair. I cannot believe I can get a haircut of this quality for such a deal. I highly recommend him. Jim prefers appointments only.
5	Best hair salon I've ever been to.  I go every 3 weeks and have been serviced by 4 different stylists: Bueford, David, Liz and Charlie.  All stellar stylists, all very friendly with fair pricing.
1	I wanted to try this place out because I'm a huge fan of the motion picture film Blade Runner. Normally I don't need to get my hair cut. I'm genetically blessed with smart hair follicles that sense when my appearance needs a tweak and they automatically put themselves in order. I have noticed that it is usually a lesser grade of human that requires this hair cutting nonsense.Having recently moved to the area , I decided that despite my superior genetic make up, I would try and relate to the little people and get my "hairs cut".My girlfriend and I walked in, we were not greeted at the desk. Not even so much as a glance in our direction. I know that we are both very intimidating, its obvious that these people have never been confronted by two more perfect specimens of both genders. I could go on but i wont...I'm sure its a swell place, but if you are under the age of 400 and may have additional things to do in your 24 hour period, you may want to try elsewhere.P.S. some creepy dude with open toed sandals was just sitting in one of the chairs reading a magazine. Get a pedicure you monster,......gross.
