3	A mom and pop spot that attracts locals on the weekend for menudo--32nd Cafe serves a combination of American and Mexican fare.  It is not the best Mexican food in east Phoenix, but I do recommend the Chorizo.  I haven't tried their burgers or fries, so I'll leave that task to someone else.I like the feel of the place.  It is old and clean.  When you walk in, there is a definite feeling that the other customers there are regulars, which gives me confidence any time I walk into a bar or restaurant.While I have not had everything on the menu, I have had their Chorizo burrito, and it is solid.  Every now and then, a man who has drank enough tequila for two men in the prior evening needs chorizo the next day.  This would be a good place to go on that occasion.
5	This is near my work and I eat here just about weekly. I love the food, the owner, and the feel of the place. This is somewhere I enjoy bringing friends and family to. The salsa is unbelievably good and food is so fresh and affordable.
5	the sausage breakfast burrito was super good. salsa and chips they serve was really good too.the lady was really nice as well.I would go back.
4	Bought the, sausage, potatoes and egg burrito.  It was good and very huge! It had a side of tortilla chips & salsa, which was very tasty.  Very good breakfast meal.
5	Everyone is nice, food is great and atmosphere very comfortable. Old school. I'll be back for more.
5	I love this spot for breakfast and lunch. It's run by a Mexican family and serves Mexican food, but it's also a great spot for a traditional American breakfast and lunch. I took a family member today who was from out of town and she loved it! We both ordered the French toast breakfast which comes with eggs, bacon or sausage, and chips and salsa. Sounds like a strange combo but I always crave something sweet after eating something salty, so the chips are a great start! After the food came my cousin and I quickly cleared our plates. The French toast is made perfectly here and my bacon was the right amount of crispy. The staff here is very attentive and always made sure we were taken care of. I've been here a few times before and have had some of their Mexican menu items and the cheese burger and all have been very good. This is a great lunch spot if you have multiple people who can't decide on what to eat.
5	So I saw this place when I was out driving around and decided to take a chance on em... I wasn't disappointed! I got the sopes and I enjoyed them thoroughly. The meat was flavored well, the sopes wasn't hard and dried out, the beans and rice that came with it were quite tasty as well.  What really made them stand apart was their service though. Everyone in their was beyond friendly... So much so I was gonna give 4 stars but I had to give em 5! Go check em out!
