5	I just finished my first Bark Buster Consultant and I am so excited and impressed.  My trainer was Michelle Willey and she is so awesome.  I love that they come to your house and walk you through everything.  I have to say that at first I was really skeptical of this kind of training- "They really think that they can fix my dog in 3 hours?!"  The first hour she went over everything from the view of the dog.  It is amazing once you they tell you all this info how much of it makes sense.  Then the second part of the consult is the training techniques.  She was actually training me and my dogs.  There method of discipline at first makes you feel really silly - especially when your neighbors are spying on you- but when you see how well it works you will get over it.  Plus the more you use it with your dogs in the beginning the less you will have to do it.In the end i am extremely proud of the progress my dogs have made today and excited to have well behaved dogs!1-877-500-BARK (2275)www.barkbusters.com
1	My experience was SO sub-standard.  I paid $450 for 2 hours of training and that was IT!  The trainer,  Randy Robinson, said he was giving me a $50 discount off the original $500 fee because I lived "close to" him and it would be easier to get here.He never called to see how we were doing.  There was no follow up whatsoever on his part.  When I called well after the 60 days of supposed contract/support, he said he would come for another $75.  He certainly wasn't worth the original $225/hour of the original training and I was not going to pay additional for more of the same.NONE of the proscribed methods worked on my wheaten/poodle mix who has a congenital disease (liver shunt) and is impervious to correction...or praise.  Randy's suggestion of saying, "BAH" may as well have been "good boy."I feel I overpaid significantly for the limited and useless service I received.Bear in mind, dear reader, that each franchise is individually owned and Michelle Willey may be superlative.  I would certainly not recommend Mr. Robinson's franchise.
5	Our results were amazing!!We have 2 pit mixes (male and female, both fixed) who are friendly but not always obedient. Recently, our female dog (who has had no problems in the past at dog parks or doggie day care) has started barking at other dogs while we walk her, and it has been getting progressively worse. Michelle taught us how to use a correction collar (humane) and some basic leash techniques. The day after our first session, I was walking our female dog, and had 3 encounters with other dogs that would have been a disaster in the past. She did not bark at all, and was easily re-directed. And both dogs are pulling less (if at all) with these techniques, which is a huge plus!In addition, our male dog wants to chase our cat, and we have had to physically hold him back whenever the cat is around. In the same session, Michelle taught us some correction strategies to establish leadership, and now our cat can walk amongst the dogs, with supervision and correction as needed to set boundaries. In just 3 hours with Michelle, we have learned and accomplished more than we have in 6+ months trying to learn things on our own. The techniques are simple and effective. They are not centered around teaching the dog multiple complex commands, using treats for everything, and are completely humane. The turnaround we saw was very impressive. I would recommend Michelle with Bark Busters to anyone who is having behavior issues with a dog. In addition, Michelle provided us with some training tools and a plethora of information on many topics. Thank you Michelle and Bark Busters!!
5	I highly recommend Randy Robinson and Bark Busters. I have tried other dog training, including positive reinforcement and shock collar. Bark Busters is so much more effective than anything else I've tried. Randy was patient in explaining everything to me and took all the time I needed. Randy taught me how to communicate with my dog, and the speed at which the dog understands is the difference. Bark Busters uses positive reinforcement, no hurting your dog, but any training has to start with your dog knowing what you want him to do. Using Bark Busters communication method and training structure, I am amazed at the difference in my dog's behavior. Like any dog training, you have to continue to practice it if you want to be effective. Every time I have a question I email or text Randy and he responds the same day.
1	This is not the training to do if you have any sort of escalated dog issue. They have one basic method of training, which is to throw water on a dog that is misbehaving, or throw a bean bag at it. Didn't phase my dog after the first few times.The trainer (Dale) that came out to us got red faced angry at me when I asked what the step beyond water was- his answer was to throw more water. For a fear aggressive dog, this was not the solution. Sure, the first time he came the dog listened, but after that- nothing. The trainer could not control my dog when we met at Petco. My dog was lunging, growling, pulling and the guy had doused him with a whole bottle of water, and expected results, of which he got none. They don't contact, don't check in,nothing. We did not follow up after the fourth lesson, as it was clear this guy couldn't handle anything beyond basic training, by by 500 bucks. So, if you have a dog without major issues and you need him to walk on a leash or something basic, this might be the trainer for you. Be prepared to mop your floors though.
1	STAY AWAY FROM THESE CON ARTISTS. DONT HIRE THEM. I hired Dale in August and paid him $675.00 for 1 dog. It's December already and my dogs behavior has not improved even 1%. adopted my dog from the shelter and he has aggression issues towards other dogs and people. When I called this place, I spoke with Vickie who promised me moon and said Dale will be able to train the dog. Dale's only way of correcting aggressive behavior is to pour water on your dog or throw a bean bag on the floor. These techniques never worked. Dale gets frustrated and angry and spends not more than 15mins. He asked me to go on a walk with my dog and him. When we stepped out, Dale couldn't control my dog and I had to take the leash back from him. Dale gets out of breath and can't walk far. He keeps on asking you to douse the dog with water. For an aggressive dog like mine, it never works. In fact it makes him more aggressive. Dale has no patience and if you tell him that his ways are not working, he gets red faced angry and leaves. Hiring them is like going to Bestbuy and finalizing a deal for a 65" Samsung 4K/3D/UltraHD SMART TV. But after you make the payment they hand you over a Vizio 65" Basic TV. I disputed the charges with my credit card company and I can't believe that these con artist are fighting back saying they trained the dog perfectly. They are a joke. Save your money and hire someone else. Oh btw Dale and Vickie went to Europe for a month on vacation and were not available which contradicts their website promise that they will be available whenever you need them.
1	Before signing up for the Bark Busters lifetime program I contacted Randy Robinson to ask him a couple questions that my veterinarian told me to ask any potential trainer.  This included a question asking him to describe the kind of successes he's had with other clients.  He responded saying that all my questions would be answered in an attached document which he provides to his clients.  None of my questions were answered by the document and so I replied and politely told him that.  I also told him that I had not found any reviews about him specifically in the link he had provided me and asked for a direct link to his reviews.  He still did not answer my questions in the following email, only stating that he has had "great success" with some and "very little success" in others.  Even though my dog's behavior or anything else about my case was not mentioned in my previous email, Mr. Robinson now informed me that the lifetime program was not an option for me.  This meant that he would not guarantee that he would address any of the behaviors that prompted me to get a trainer in the first place.  He also said he didn't have reviews because he didn't ask his clients for any.  At this point, I had read his reviews on Yelp, and when I brought them up he proceeded to go on a rant about yelp.  I also asked him again about his successful cases and this time he actually refused to tell me more than the "great successes" and "very little success" line.  In this third email he also said that he typically does not talk to potential clients and so that he had "really gone above and beyond" at this point.  This despite his initial email stating to contact him if I had any questions.  Other things to note:Randy only sees his lifetime clients 2-3 times. Randy took a lot of time in his emails and documents to specify all the reasons why he won't come see you again.  Randy also blamed the owners a lot for any unsuccessful cases.  I agree that it's almost entirely the owner's responsibility, but his comments, in addition to how everything else in his emails and documents were phrased, made it really come across as if he were skirting responsibility for failed techniques.
1	Here is the advice that the Certification Council for Professional Dog Trainers gives regarding choosing a trainer:"Next, meet with the professional. Are they professional in their appearance and in their marketing materials? Can they knowledgeably and clearly answer questions regarding animal training, animal behavior and their training methods? Do you feel comfortable with them personally? Are they patient and thorough in answering your questions? Do they have experience in working with the issues that you are experiencing with your animal? Can they provide references from clients?"It was uncanny how Mr. Robinson acted completely contradictory to how a good, qualified trainer would act in nearly every single example.  Randy still will not qualify what he considers to be "very good results".  That vague statement is as thoroughly as he was ever willing to answer any of my questions.  Coupled with a lack of references, Mr. Robinson wasn't able to demonstrate to me that he was comfortable or qualified to help my dog's behavior problems.
