4	This store is stocked to the hilt with all the beauty goodies you desire (except Bain de Soleil tanning lotion- that stuff is so hard to find!  Why is that?!), but their salon is bitchin' as well.  When you sign up for an Ulta card, you get 20% any salon service.  Stella gave me an amazing swingy haircut with awesome bangs.  Will definitely go back to see her!  My roommate gets her eyebrows waxed here and says the experience is very relaxing with a little facial massage thrown in.
2	I have been in this store a handful of times and while the giant selection of products was outstanding, that staff was not.  Everytime I had a question about a product, I either couldnt find a sales associate or they were all too busy gossiping with each other to mind the customers.  I once wandered around the perfume aisles for a good 15 minutes before anyone even took notice.  I dread going there unless I absolutely cant find a certain product elsewhere.  Not recommended unless you feel like being ignored.
2	I spent several hours and a couple hundred dollars getting my hair cut and colored. She did a fantastic job so I went back to have her do my hair again. That's when the diva act came into play. The "greeter" went to the stylist and told her that I wanted to know if she had time for a cut. She looked at me and told the greeter she didn't know me and then turned her back to continue with her customer. The greeter came back and apologized and told me that the stylist didn't have time for me today but other stylists were available. I was somewhat embarrassed and definitely put off at that treatment, so I left. I don't expect everyone to remember who I am, but I do expect someone to at least talk to me directly and let me know that they are booked that day but they can help me find another stylist or something. Her arrogance was a real turn off.
1	wow. This was the single worst experience I have ever had in a store. That sounds like a bold statement but I am confident that it is the truth. As a usual MAC customer I decided to give Ulta a try since the closest MAC is 35 minutes away and Ulta is a mere 13 minutes. I walked in and they were busy. I can understand that since it was Homecoming. I wandered the isles aimlessly in hopes an employee would offer her assistance. 3 employees past me without as much as a hello.. not even eye contact. I finally started speaking to my kids in a volume that someone would be able to hear me. "Gee, I wish I could get some help"... FINALLY someone asked me if I needed help. I explained to her that I am a MAC customer but I wanted to see if they had something similar that I could get. I just wanted something to put on before I put on my make up so that it would stick. She told me she would find someone who is familiar with MAC products and she would be right back. I waited. And I waited. And I WAITED. Finally I saw her walking back with someone. She asked her, "Do you know MAC's stuff?" The other girl responded, "No. I Don't know MAC's Stuff and I DON'T like them. Their stuff clogs your pours." Then she looked at me and shot me the dirtiest look. I said, "Thanks that doesn't really help me does it?" She walked away and the first girl disappeared. I waited. And I waited. And I WAITED. Then FINALLY she comes back and informs me that they do not have a product like that.I walked out. Furious. I doubt that they do not have a product like that at all. I doubt that MAC invented something like that. I waisted 45 minutes in Ulta that day. In that amount of time I could have driven to MAC, got my product and been headed home. I may have picked up a new eye shadow too because the girls there are so awesome. Ulta made me feel stupid for going there. In all my years in customer service I never would make someone feel stupid for trying to come to my store. If Ulta's products are really better than MAC's tell me WHY. Don't just give me a dirty look and walk away! I tried to call the customer service line and they are closed on the weekends. I tried to call the store and speak to a manager and the phone rang off the hook. I did manage to call the customer service line Monday morning and got a weak apology. Thanks I'll stick to MAC.
4	Best facials ever! I will definitely keep coming back for that service.
1	I had to actually calm down for a few days before I wrote this.I decided to take advantage of the free blow out deal they were doing before the Yelp Ten Chimneys event.  BIG mistake, I left looking worse then when I went in!  In the process of washing my hair, my head was bounced against the shampoo bowl repeatedly, I was then repeatedly hit in the head with both the blow dryer and the brush.  I've never in my whole life of getting my hair done, been hit so many times collectively!  I left with such a headache, plus had to come home and totally re-wash and blow dry my hair!  This women spent the entire time trying to sell me on a hair cut, and since she couldn't control a blow dryer I'm certainly not allowing her to have scissors near my head.  I'll stick with my current stylist, and stay clear of the salon portion of this Ulta.  Especially since this women wants to charge me more then my stylist does at an upscale salon in Old Town Scottsdale!I also noticed this visit that most of the staff, salon as well as store staff spent most of the hourish I was there between shopping and my appointment chatting with each other.  The polish choices over in the salon polish displays (OPI, China Glaze, Essy) were almost totally out of stock and this seemed strange for a Thursday.  I may run to this location in the future for a necessity when I don't have time to get to another location, but I'll avoid it if possible.
3	I like this location better than the other ones that are so tiny and they cramp too much product in 1 spot.  This layout is open and inviting.  They have pretty good sales.  The employees are mostly friendly and helpful, occasionally you get a ding-bat!
2	not very welcoming, no one is ever around to help!  it's a good thing that I know what I want when I'm there.  But when I want to ask a question about a product, no one is available to help.
3	This location is ok. They don't exceed in customer service. There were 3 associates just chatting with each other and coming from a job that focuses on delighting our customers I guess I can hold other businesses to our standards. Anyway I needed help and they didn't notice me. Fortunately one employee came up to me when I went back to the section I was looking at.
1	Hair product shopping good but pricey and sales are not that great - hair styling - not ever again.
4	Some of their staff may not be that good but most of the times that I've gone there I have gotten some help from staff that were really knowledgeable and patient with mme.
1	Most times you can find any type of product here. The last two times I have come to this store they have been out of several products I needed. I have never had any of the employees be helpful or nice. They are always off gossiping together and when you actually go to ask them a question they walk in the opposite direction.  Whatever you do be very wary of getting a cut or color. They have messed up several friends hair.
5	This review is for the salon. I went in for a cut and color. I am always scared when trying out someplace new but this place is Close to my house so I wanted to give it a shot. My hairstylist was Janice and let me tell you she is awesome! She listened to what I wanted and knew exactly what I was talking about when I described the color. I also have curly hair that is difficult to cut because I like to wear it both straight and curly. She had no problem with my cut and it looks great either way. I am so happy to have someone so close to me in the west valley who can give me a fantastic cut and color. If you're looking for a hairstylist in the west valley give Janice a shot and you won't be sorry!
4	Today I decided I wanted to try out some false eyelashes for fun. I went in and explained what I was looking for. I definitely picked the right place because not only did they help me find what I was looking for but I was able to have them applied as well. This was a great service for me since I don't know the first thing about wearing them. I also found out that not only do they do lashes but also eyebrow waxing and tinting too! Fun! The girl who helped me, Tasha was awesome and I could tell she took pride in her work. I can't wait to go back and give the brow wax/ tint a try.
5	So my review is for the benefit brow bar and for RochelleWow, I could swear by her and her talent! I remember the first time I sat down to get my brows done, I was crazy nervous, it was ridiculous! However, after she was done I was in love! This girl knows what she's doing to the point that my hair colorist (shampoo ink Heidi) even said "Who does your brows they are amazing!" I actually get compliments on my eyebrows how crazy is that? She knows exactly what she is doing and she has talent, she easily could be doing brows in some high price salon (and I'd follow her). I look forward to my eyebrow appointments because of how great they look and how amazing she is to talk to! I will absolutely not let anyone else touch my eyebrows! If you go in and you let her just do your brows she knows what arch and what size and so forth your brows should be to fit your bone structure and face. She's fantastic and I will always use her, she's the girl who can do your eyebrows and you think hey lets get a beer, she's that friendly!As far as the rest of the girls in Ulta, I have only have positive experiences with them. They have never been rude or obnoxious and they all are professional and willing to help!
2	I went into this location when it was not busy and wondered trying to ask a question. When I found someone I walked up they looked at me and I smiled and the two workers looked down ignoring me continuing their conversation. I said hello a few times and they sighed and continued talking until they finally after 2 minutes assisted me. I like polite people I will definitely try to find another store that is kinder!
1	I have been a customer of Ulta for  years, I did not realize how over priced they are, recently I bought a Clairol spin brush for $59.99 at Ulta, two day later I was shopping at Walmart and noticed it was $15.00 cheaper I can't believe the price difference.  I can see maybe $5.00 but $15.00 is a lot of money.  I wrote to Ulta and basically they said too bad so sad and they didn't seem to care.  They did however thank me for being such a loyal customer, well needless to say that is over. Not only are they overprice but they don't seem to care
1	DO NOT I REPEAT DO NOT USE THE SALON IN THIS ULTA. I got probably the worst haircut of my life. Its been almost a month and its still a mess. I brought in a picture of myself of the haircut that I wanted. And she still screwed it up.  I told the girl to please just stop styling my hair that I wanted to leave. I paid my bill and heard her talking about me before I even left the store. RUDE and UNPROFESSIONAL!  When I client is upset let them leave don't aggravate the situation even further. The manger even knew I was upset and did nothing! I thought for sure she would call me, but nope heard nothing. She took my money and I left in tears.
1	Worst ULTA I have ever been in to.  The help on the floor was unfriendly and not helpful.  I normally go to the Surprise and Arrowhead locations, and I would never come back to this one.  Maybe I landed on a bad day?  Also, they do not let you combine your club points like the other stores.  So it was a completely wasted trip.
1	This location is far from helpful with anything. Almost every item on the shelves had been used or broken and out of place. Good lucky trying to find ANYTHING. I'll have to drive to my favorite location on Camelback by the Biltmore.
5	25 percent off all Highlights 6/6/14 - 7/6/14 Come and ask for me! This is a great deal!The store is going through a remodel, it is very exciting. We are open through it! The Grand Reopening is in October!
5	So I've been shopping at this ULTA for years and it was never anything too special, the past year I have been so impressed with their improvement I actually decided to be a part of the team there. This is such a fantastic environment and the management has worked so hard to provide the best customer service possible. Come check out our newly remodeled store!
4	Love my chi
1	I thought it was just me, but from the looks of the reviews it's not. The staff here is rude for the most part. I cannot speak for everyone, but every time I come here, I don't get any assistance and when I try, it seems like I'm interrupting their gossip session or a text message ( I say text message because this girl was reading her text while she was at her station) and seemed annoyed when I had a question and was very unhelpful. And today I come in to return a product and I'm the only one at the front cashier station waiting for these two ulta representatives to stop talking to each other about something!?!? I felt like I was the one being rude for breaking up their little sewing circle. They finally look at me and ask if I needed something. I say is this were I can return something, and the girl says this is the only place you can return something in a snotty tone while the other girl snickers and walk away. Besides the rude employees, the place is kinda dirty and messy, the isles are very narrow and I prefer MAC and Sephora to this place. I only come here because it's closest to my home.
2	Waited forever for help and the tall dude totally profiled my sister and I and did not help us. Next time we go we will not be looking g bummy cause we need makeup help. The dude was available le too and he just pretended not to see our eyes staring right at him because we desperately needed to know about the urban decay eye makeup. The cashier was super nice though.
1	I came in to get a full head coloring as I'm getting married soon and they sat me down with an inexperience hair "designer" who's clueless on how to color my hair. The whole time she was figuring out what to do with my hair I was uncomfortable and kept thinking that they gonna messed my hair up. After asking around at her non-interested and unfriendly/unhelpful colleagues she finally told me that I need hair extractor and multiple coloring that cost double than what was first informed to me during appointment setup. If this was informed to me at the time I'd rethink things. Instead the lady that was at the register just put me down for full head coloring and never bother to provide me with a hair consultation at the time of appointment. Don't ever come here for your hair ladies (and gents). They really need to work on their customer service. Horrible experience! What a waste of time! The "designer" hairstylist was apologetic though. I felt sorry for her but not enough to come back, ever.
1	I'm done with Ulta - with this store and their online store. I placed an order on their online store. A week later I was told that the order still hadn't shipped and it would be another week before it did. I was out of makeup, so I decided to cancel the order and just swing by the store  to grab it. I called and waited on hold for 45 minutes. The automated message said that I could contact them via email instead of waiting for a customer service agent. I finally gave up and sent an email. A week later, I received the package. I took the unopened package to the store, explained what happened and asked for a refund. The snotty cashier told me she couldn't accept the return because I didn't have a specific code. I told her the box was unopened - everything needed for a refund should be there. We opened the box, and she still needed a specific code. I walked out with the opened box, the product, and no refund.FAIL, Ulta. After I specifically asked you to CANCEL MY ORDER, you sent it anyway, and then you package the order without the proper paperwork for a refund? I promise you, I will not step foot in  your stores except to get my full refund. Nor, will I ever order from you again.Well, hello, Sephora. It's nice to meet you.
