5	Training day 2, good crowd and good service. Nice place, very contemporary! Thank you
5	This place has only been open a week or so, and I really hope it's here for the long haul. Fresh ingredients and lots of them. Make your own pizza, pasta, or salad (think Chipotle or Subway). They were very nice and the pizza was very tasty. I will definitely be back here often.
2	Went there with my partner, was going to go to the Chipotle next door but this place had just opened up.  The pizza, pasta, and salad are all the same price - and assumable the same size - so we got two pizzas and a salad thinking we'd share the salad and have more than enough pizza to bring home as leftovers.The pizza ordering experience is similar to ones we'd had in Vegas, basically choose your crust type, sauce, cheese, meat, veggie / other topping.  It's the same process for the salad and pasta, same sauce / veggie / other toppings as the pizza.The pizza itself is quite good. The crust has a unique and delicious flavor that, in and of itself, would be worth coming here.  The toppings and cheese are fresh and delicious.The salad, on the other hand, at the same cost as a pizza, is ridiculous.  It's a small side salad at best, even adding a number of toppings.  Although, again, the veggies are fresh and delicious, it's 10 bites at best.  Considering this isn't a side, but something someone would order as their entree, paying $8 for this just isn't justified remotely and almost ruins the whole experience.The ambiance is quaint, nicely designed, until you realize an entire wall is dedicated to showing their awesome social media postings with flashing LED strips.  So basically think 4 or 5 TVs, each devoted to one social media outlet, with rolling positive reviews raving about the pizza.  When you step back and look at everything, this part of the restaurant is clearly out of place.  I don't need to be force-fed a restaurant's positive reviews while attempting to enjoy the food.
5	Very good customer service, tasty food cannot go wrong with pizza five85! You can make your own pizza, pasta, and salad for quite and affordable price I love it
4	This place is like subway or chipotle.  Pick pasta, salad, or pizza and then all your sauces, cheese meat, and vegetables.  Lots of choices, wish they had a few more toppings.  Cooked while you wait-- fast!  I'll be back for sure.
4	I was trying to get to the pho restaurant nearby when I spotted this hidden brick oven. The place is spacious but it seems under marketed. I have passed by this place every day and not seen it till now. Once inside I wad greeted well. The options are very straight forward but some how still confusing. I ordered a pizza. The guy slopped a lot of strange things around. He did not give me a full scoop of sauce. But they are gracious with the cheeses. As for the salmon on a pizza I was surprised by both that the server had never tried it and that it worked well with a lot of other dishes, say for the salad or pasta. Nevertheless they serve no alcohol but do have some select drinks like coconut water. He bedazzled me with how much basil he put on it. I think the amount wad a solid steel. My pizza has a nice crust with fine black marks that stain your fingers. You cannot eat this pizza with a plastic knife or fork so don't plan on it. Otherwise with the food great and the price not bad I sat down in plastic chairs. No booths in the whole place? The To-go section is great. Plates for serving but the napkins could use some help.
1	I was not impressed by this restaurant.The staff was friendly and the food was quick. However, the ingredients were not anything you couldn't throw together yourself and make at home for the same cost ( and personally this pizza lacked all flavor.) I most likely will not dine here again.
5	I love this pizza place!! It's like the chipotle of pizza... Really fast, really good! My son and I love creating our own pizza and minutes later eating our fresh masterpieces. The crust is always perfectly crispy. I crave my pesto and feta thin crust pizza at least weekly.
