5	Flat out delicious and amazing bakery tucked up in the pretty, green streets of Villeray on de Castelneau near the park. Perfect for picking up pre-picnic goods, or for sitting inside at the big wooden tables by the windows to enjoy their fresh sandwiches and pizza. But lord, a cheese bread covered in black sesame?? And if they have them definitely get the Cannellee, these are tiny magic bites of joy.
5	Just an update to say that aside from offering truly exceptionalicious baked goods at truly sweet prices, the staff here are beyond nice and fair. I just saw them load up a customers bag with 9 croissants and charge her for 6 because they were smaller than usual. Myself and everyone in the fast moving line smiled and thought to ourselves, I'll be back. I love it here.
5	Montreal has many very good bakeries, and it's perhaps risky to rate them. However, in this case I do not hesitate to rank this one very near the top. In addition to excellent bread, they offer a good selection of pastries -- croissants, muffins and scones (my particular favourite). They also serve excellent coffee, and there are several tables where one can read the paper, etc. And - most important - the staff are very pleasant and helpful.  Highly recommended.
5	Terrific scones, baquettes, Camu, really a awesome bakery - a taste of Paris in Villeray
4	This is a lovely bakery that I walked past many a time because it looked a bit schmantzy with over-price potential. Then, on a whim one day, I popped in to check out their wares and was so impressed by the delicious curried chicken and spicy pepper sandwich on ciabatta that (and at $5.95+tax VERY reasonably priced!) I ended up going back a few days later and ordered it again. I will eventually get to the goat cheese sandwich as well as other delights - the maple cream drizzled croissant caught my eye as well as the $1.50 blueberry and cranberry scones...They have pizza as well as all the typical (and atypical) French breads etc. And I agree whole-heartedly with Risa D's review - the staff are exceptionally nice (and fair) - even when it's busy everyone, staff and customers, seem to be in a good mood. Something about the space, the light, the design...and the baked goods!
5	Amazing bakery with great croissants, lattes and sandwiches.  Loaded up this morning for the week.  This place is a cross between a Parisian boulangerie and Tartine Bakery in SF.
5	Being so close to JTM and amongst other bakeries, you might think this bakery wouldn't be popular but its the complete opposite. There's always a lineup on weekends no matter the weather outside.Its definitely the best bakery in the neighborhood. While they may not carry a plethora of baked goods, what they have is off the chart. Not only is it that good, they even offer you discounts or extra goods because it sat in the oven too long (slight burnt) or the baker made them a bit too small. Its not like they need to go out of their way to please customers but they do it anyway and with a smile on their face!And their croissant.. No words can't describe the buttery goodness.
