4	Disclaimer: my husband and his family are all Italian, I have eaten pizza made from a price winning Italian cook. I make my own pizza, from scratch, as well. This review is not comparing Domino's Pizza to our pizza. This review is comparing a chain restaurant, a franchise to what I have eaten out there.Their pizzas have come a very long way! We ordered the hand tossed Pacific veggie pizza, and two other customized pizzas, they were very good.We did not get sick from their cheese after eating it. The price is right. The service has improved since 12 mo. ago. Their wings are nothing special and pricey. Forget their desserts. So this place is good for a quick take-out pizza.We did ask that our pizzas be cooked well, it makes a difference.
1	The pizza was flat, almost no sauce, doe was hard and just not good. Even the kids (that like any pizza), did not like it and only took a few bites.  Maybe it's just this location, since I have ordered in Miami with satisfaction. I will just stick to Pizza Hut when in town and recommend the same.
5	The pan pizza is delicious!, good service never too busy and there's plenty of parking space.
3	Okay... I ordered through you guys tonight for the Tracker status because it's amazeballs. I'd say about 80% of the reason I ordered Domino's instead of Papa Johns was for the Tracker AND IT DIDN"T WORK! Also the dang slider/shopping cart/checkout thing kept moving when I scrolled up but moved too much, I couldn't see what I wanted, ughAlso the wings I ordered are pathetic looking, never again, smallest wings I've ever seen... hopefully they taste better than they look. Pizza looks about the norm which is good, thank you for that.
2	We used to get pies here because they are close and convenient.  They tend to skimp on toppings here though especially the veggies.I get mixed results every time.  We usually get the specials and they are so so on toppings amount.  Then I ordered a thin crust 2 topping with pepperoni and sliced sausage a few days ago and it was loaded and baked perfectly... Homerun!  Best dominos pizza i have had in a long while.  Then try again the next night with onions and mushrooms and they totally skimped on toppings.  No consistency here.  I would like to see consistent management and a little love put into the pies here and maybe they can win my business back.  I'm over it for a while though Dominos.  To many strike outs.  Would like to see them step it up because this area is loaded with pizza joints and you have Metro Pizza across the street.
3	Cheap and better than expected.  Location did right by us after our error in ordering a nasty tomato paste no cheese pizza.
4	I Love Love Love their Pizza! Friendly Service and I have Pizza from there at least 3 times a month! The online ordering and specials make it easy! Everything was fresh and made to perfection and the price is always right.. I'll be back! :)
2	lets see. i order a pizza online. after 45 min, the preparation meter was still showing being prepped. i called the store to check on my order and they gave my pizza to someone else with the same name. i quess the quality check process and the meter were not working that night. very sad. it was a good reminder as to why i don't order from Domino's anymore. live and learn i guess and i got a stiff reminder why i have stayed away. the pizza may be advertised as better but the service is still the same old poor. . i wont order from them again.
1	I placed my order online at 12:41pm. The confirmation said 20-30 minutes. At exactly one hour, I called the store and spoke to Jose. I asked if he knew where my order was? He said he would call the driver and call me right back. I waited 10 more minutes and called back. I was put on hold. Once the call was answered, he said he had forgotten because they were so busy and he would have to call the driver and call me back. When I asked to speak to a supervisor, I was told there wasn't one there that shift. He never called me back and I received my food 1 hour and 25 minutes after initial order. My food was cold and nobody ever said so much as sorry. I killed my entire lunch time and know have no time to replace it with something warm and fresh. Absolutely infuriating the way I was treated by this store.
2	I've always enjoyed Domino's Pizza.  Yummy crust, nice and greasy; perfect late-night go-to.  But tonight's delivery literally made me lose my appetite.We ordered two pepperoni and black olive pizzas; one with hot sauce and one without.  Both arrived so undercooked you could see the cheese hadn't even melted!  I mean, thanks for being prompt, but would you put my pizzas in the oven before sending them over next time?
1	Save yoursel time and go to the pet haircut place next door and ask them to box you up a dog treat.
