5	The only thing I know how to say in French, confidently, is "Dans La Bouche." Har-har. Had a really great (&huge) breakfast here, nice atmosphere, sweet waiter...fyi menu is only available in French.
2	So we traveled quite the distance to get to this place based on the recommendation of our concierge.  Lesson learned, never listen to his advice again.  Yes they have a very extensive breakfast menu, but its actually quite disturbing how quick the food comes out.  Within 5 mins, literally, we got our food.  Essentially it makes me think of a fancy diner with large vats of food in the back just waiting to be plated.  We had the asperge moi which was an omelette with swiss cheese and asparagus and an eggs benedict.  We also had the 2 eggs breakfast with poached eggs, bacon, beans, potatoes, fruit and toast.  Really nothing special and knowing that the food has been sitting back there for awhile and not freshly made is disturbing.
4	Great spot on Mt. Royal East. The decor is casual with a bit of a trendy bias, and the people are a good mix of Plateau locals and a few suburbanites fighting to stay current. You wouldn't be embarrassed to take someone on a first date there on a Friday evening, put it that way.Food is excellent - large plates (you'll roll out of there) at really decent prices. I've been dozens of times and it never disappoints.
4	My SO and I went to Dans La Bouche based on a friend's recommendation for brunch.  The restaurant is located in the Mont Royal East area, a cute area that has many shops and restaurants.I loved the vibe of this place, it was casual yet trendy at the same thing.  It is has a loungey feel.I ordered the eggs benedict sampler called "Me, Myself & i" which was three types of eggs benedict - asparagus, smoked salmon and ham.  The hollandaise sauce was the best I had a really long time.  The potatoes were perfectly cooked, not overtly greasy.   I had a sampling of my SO's roasted apple crepe - "Le Rougement" - it was fantastic.  The food was stellar and I will definitely be back when I am in the Montreal area.The reason for the one star deduction was service was a bit slow.  I did not mind too much because I was in good company and my coffee was being refilled.
3	Had brunch here last week. I had the L'Indecis" which has pretty much everything on it and a fresh fruit drink.Pretty standard breakfast fair that was above average. The fruit drink was good, as was the egg, beans, sausage and all meats. the crepe was good as well.My only complaint would be the french toast and waffle. french toast was a bit tasteless but passable. the waffle, however, was like eating a cardboard waffle. I would not recommend ordering it.
5	[Breakfast only review!!!] This review is focused only on their breakfast service and I cannot speak for the lunch / dinner menus or the club scene. It's a twist on the usual morning experience and the breakfast food is good, and for that it was worth the trip in my book.
2	This restaurant is more for presentation then quality of food. I ordered the salmon tartar and was pretty disappointed. My friend ordered one of the pasta dishes with fish and didn't really enjoy it either. If you come here you are better off ordering a burger and maybe a few drinks. It seems most people do that here. I don't think I will be coming back if I'm ever in Montreal, there are so many better choices.
3	Orange juice is completely horrible...there's no juice, only pulp. The rest is ok good.
