5	Yum yum yum! Of course L&L opens up right by my apartment now that I am planning to move soon. Stopped in today as it's been a while and this is a brand spanking new location. Staff was very friendly and the food is delicious.Seafood Mix - fried shrimp, mahi mahi and chicken katsu with double rice instead of macaroni salad. Shrimp and katsu were delicous... haven't made it to mahi mahi yet as the freaking plate was enough to feed 3 people.Cream cheese wraps - otherwise known as crab rangoon --- this location was giving out free ones for their soft opening and they were amazing... I could eat 6 or 12 of these :)On my way home from work so this may be a regular stop... if you are not a big eater you could easily make 2-3 meals out of the combination plates. We plan to split one from now on. This location is so new it's not even on their website yet.
5	Same l&l from what we come to expect at this new location ...Except when we came in the cashier was super helpful. She even helped my son get a drink and strap my friends baby in the high chair! Totally recommend this location
5	Customer service is excellent. My family and I are now frequent regulars and enjoy the menu variety.
4	Really good deal if you buy a meal then you get free drink with that which is really awesome. The teri beef and teri chicken combo is good. This location is hidden inside a citi bank plaza.
4	Ordered take out yesterday, was ready in 10mins. The chicken katsu plate was good as expected but the Hawaiian Plate (laulau & kalua pig) wasn't as good as other L&L locations. Usually when I get their laulau it's wrapped in the Ti leaf still but this one was already opened for me (which could cause one to think if they really used Ti leaf to steam it or foil?) and it ended up a little I. The dry side. Also the kalua pig with cabbage was dry as well. It was more like roast pork shredded (think carnita) versus the moist shredded pork that is usually kalua pig to where there is still some liquid in it. But the flavors were on point, no shoyu needed on anything and portions were more then fair. So if u got the Hawaiian food craving this place works!
5	Thanks for opening up right by me.  I've been to other locations but this one is my favorite.  The cashier Mei is super friendly & helpful.  Walking in & being greeted by her smile name this great experience even better.  The food is great. & well worth the price.  You get huge portions. You also get a free drink with purchase, you can't beat that.  I had the Salmon & Garlic Shrimp & I highly recommend it.  This is a new location & they keep it very clean.
4	First time at this location. The lady at the register was super friendly and the chicken katsu is on point!
1	Been so long since I had L&L and I was craving some chicken katsu curry. Went to this location for the first time based on a high 4.5 stars on Yelp. Boy was I disappointed in the katsu meat. Not as white and lean as I like, but I can look past that. What I can't forgive is chewing on "mystery" hard parts inside the chicken - unforgivable! My girlfriend's BBQ chicken was not too bad, but salty. At least it was edible. L&L stores that I used to frequent on the east side (one by The Galleria and the other on Nellis) used fantastic meat in their katsu. This L&L on Jones needs to follow their lead and stop passing off cheap meat...
4	I love me some Hawaiian BBQ. This L&L is my go to spot whenever I have a craving because its close to work. I usually get the teriyaki beef or chicken entree "regular" size, and ask for 2 scoops of mac salad and one scoop of rice. The regular entree comes with your choice of meat, and then 2 scoops of rice and 1 scoop mac salad. They also have a "mini" size which is your choice of meat, but a smaller portion, and then one scoop rice and 1 scoop mac salad. Prices are fair, I paid around $11 for my meal and a small drink. The cashier is always friendly and the food comes out in a reasonable amount of time. I will keep coming back here.
