1	Not the best Subway I've been to, service was slow and well it is Arizona. Clean location though.
4	Not bad its just like any other subway!
3	This Subway doesn't have the greatest staff, but I wasn't expecting perfection, just a little politeness at least.  Didn't even get that on this trip.  Gal who was originally going to make my subs gave me a "wow, I don't want to help you now" look when I informed her I wanted 4 sub sandwiches.  Very rude if you ask me....  Then pops up another gal who was much more pleasant and made sure she got all of my orders correct.  So that was nice.  Then you get to the condiments person and, again, a douche bag..... he was also running the cash register, (which slowed up the process and wait time) while a buddy of his stood on the side and continually distracted him from doing his job.  Not one of my greatest visits here.We do like subway when needing something light, so I try to overlook the staff when I go in, otherwise I would never come here.
1	This is the worst Subway I have ever been to. Walked it very hungry I did the two or more footlongs for ten dollars. I ordered the Chicken, bacon, ranch sub and everything looked like it had been sitting their for a while. Nothing looked fresh like subway says to be. The metal counter they have where they're making your sub was dirty, looked it they wipe it down once ever ten subs they made. Ultimately I got home ate half of my sub and just couldn't finish eating it. Like some other reviews mention the staff is kind of rude so you shouldn't go in there when your very hungry or you might end up leaving upset.
5	Great sub
3	Went in here for lunch with my wife yesterday.  It had been a couple of months since we were in this location.  The staff was completely different from the ones we had grown used to.  Of course I guess that happens when you own a fast food restaurant....turnover is inevitable.  The staff that was in the restaurant wasn't rude but was not pleasant.  They were sufficient.  Welcomed when we came in, thanked us and wished us well when we left, but there was no personality behind it.  It all seemed scripted.  The food was good, fresh bread and ingredients.  One of the few times we ate inside and it was orderly and not dirty everywhere.  We will return here again.
5	I've been here a few times over the year. Each visit has been great. No issues with the orders and the staff was great. The facility may be small, but it has been clean each visit. There are also concrete tables outside that anyone can use to eat outside.
2	Friendly staff, but...I've never had such a sandwich (the Italian BMT with all of the trimmings,my favorite) from a Subway that was so bland and disappointing.... I couldn't even finish my sandwich, which was pretty bad considering how hungry I was.
